user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,227780,9981117,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review so if you just want a brief summary of why I recommend Serious Sam Classics: Revolution then skip toResultsand read from there.Alligator Pit manufactures the original in all new light with dazzling new interface and cleaned up visuals. Serious Sam Classics: Revolution revitalizes the classic games taking on similar ideas as the HD remakes by creating a game with cleaner performance.Serious Sam: Revolution includes the first and second encounters, which means instead of paying $34.00 for both the First and Second Encounter you can get them both for $9.99 (without being on sale). Although, what you are probably wondering is what else is included in Serious Sam Classics: Reovlution? To name a few better graphical options, steam support, new campaigns, new bosses, improved UI, level editors, and much more.Campaign:The First Encounter:For those who already own the first encounter you should probably skip this. This campaign includes thirteen main story levels and two secret levels. All of the levels take place in Egypt and are about the story of how Serious Sam began his quest to save humanity from Metals domination. The original campaign offers hours of gameplay as the levels are incredibly large and filled with secrets. The levels are composed of fighting mass hordes of enemies, solving puzzles, and completing objectives. During the campaign you will fight three bosses: Highlander Aludran Reptiloid, Lava Golem, and Ugh-Zan III. The brilliant group fights and epic boss fights keep you on your toes constantly engaged in a changing environment.The Second Encounter:For those who already own the second encounter you should probably skip this. This campaign includes twelve levels (no secret levels), but it also includes the entire campaign from Serious Sam The First Encounter. The campaign is divided across three kingdoms: Mayans, Persia, and medieval Poland. Similar to the First Encounter the second encounter is incredibly long, the levels are large and filled with secrets. The Second Encounter creates even more puzzles, crazier secrets, and throws more enemies at you than imaginable. Not only will you be engaged in all the mysteries abound, but the campaign also provides four bosses: Kukulkan, The Wing God, Exotech Larva, Mordekai the Summoner, and The Ram-God. The Ram-God is from Legend of the Beast DLC, which I assume is going to be implemented into Serious Sam Classis: Revolution.Bright Island:I have no information on this campaign, as it is not available in the early access beta.Space Crusader (Possible Additional Campaign):This campaign will include the following levels: Water Planet, Lava Planet, Green Planet, Ice Planet, Tropic Planet, and Rock Planet. Although none of this is mentioned, there are hints that this is being implemented based on the screenshots. The screenshots show that they may finally implement the scrapped levels and weapons from the Original Serious Sam. One of the weapons in the screenshots is the Ghost Buster (it looks like it shoots electricity) which was never implemented in the original campaign. it looks like this weapon is being used on the Rock Planet, which is one of the many various planets that was never included in the Serious Sam Campaign. The original campaign would have been over double the size if they finished developing most of the levels they had planned, but for various reasons they were cut. This makes me hope that this edition is finally fulfilling the original dream for Serious Sam and bringing the campaign in its full glory.Graphical Additions:The actual quality of the textures is the same as you would see in the HD remakes, although what Serious Sam Classics: Revolution offers is more than just a HD texture experience. It provides modern day graphical elements including: lens flares, fog, object bending, object translucency, smoother particle animation, haze, high resolution reflections, better portal animations, cleaner lighting, higher shading controls, and more. You can see all of these in action by checking out the Technology Test, which provides you with clean visuals of how these will be seen when implemented into the new campaign.Steam Functionality:Finally Serious Sam will have access to the workshop, and proper steam servers. The game is supposed to offer up to 42-player multiplayer and even support split screen. The game will come with a level editor, so if they don’t come out with space crusader or sky city someone will.Review UpdateSerious Sam Classics Revolution has been out now for almost two-half weeks, since then there has been a bundle of added content to the workshop. These include remodeling of textures, multiplayer maps, and even a custom campaign. SSCR has a lot of to offer, and if the community support continues in this fashion this will be an amazing addition to the series.Results:At this current point Serious Sam Classic: Revolution is not complete, but lets be honest Croteam and Devlover Digital completed Serious Sam HD in a timely manner; I am sure that you will not be waiting forever, unlike some Early Access Games. This game has a lot of potential with its new graphics engine, level editor, providing the original campaigns, better menu UI, cleaner animations, steam support, and so much more. I would buy this game at full price, but on sale it’s like you are robbing Croteam.Pros:+Great new OpenGL shaders and 64-bit support to create a much cleaner and graphic intensive game.+Steam workshop support+Steam servers for multiplayer (supports up to 42 players)+Includes Serious Sam First and Second Encounter+New Survival Mode+Already mention of new Bright Island Campaign+A level editor, so you can go crazy and make your own Serious Adventures+Loads of enemies and bosses+Lots of guns to choose from+Already downloaded my first custom campaign, thanks Workshop support!Cons:-Its early access"
76561198023067330,Recommended,227780,13622148,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✘Strychnine✘,I bought my childhood for 89 cents.AAAAAAAAAAAAA yourself.
,Recommended,227780,9983413,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ThatDarnOwl,"SSR is an enhanced re-release of both encounters of Serious Sam 1. This was done for numerous reasons, one of the biggest being how SS1's multiplayer servers were taken down by Gamespy.SSR features a very large amount of levels, workshop support, 64 bit support and numerous other things. I could go into depth about what made Serious Sam great but fundamentally, you have to play it to see why.The strengths of Serious Sam could easily be compared to games like Doom or Quake. In that it is the level design and enemy placement that makes it unique and stand out. Every enemy in Serious Sam by themselves are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to kill. However when the level throws hundreds of them at you, you start noticing just how hard the game is. It is a very rewarding game, and truly one of the best examples of a ""classic FPS""Of course if you don't wanna play alone there's 16 player coop, and deathmatch. With the many varied levels of the first and second encounters, and the hundreds more due to arrive on the workshop. Serious Sam Revolution is one of the best ways to spend 10$ on Steam.Or you could just buy SS Gold, you get it for free there. Jus' saying..."
,Recommended,227780,13011053,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DUKAPb,"Strange situation. This game was released more than 6 months ago but she still has very main problems that were in the beginning. Developers focused on adding new content, application of new ideas, improving technical side (high resolution, controller support) but main gaming base remained unchanged.I will not write anything about the balance of the game. He is the same as in HD Encounters. I have not noticed any changes. Only kleers and buls are moving a bit differently - they are harder to kill and they are more dangerous than HD.Serious Sam Classics: Revolution have both Encounters. A few days ago was added new difficulty named ""I am Ugh-Zan"". The same us ""Serious"" difficulty but all enemies have 1,5x health and each enemy has two extra kinds of skins:Red and Green. Red skins can burn you, green slow you down. With 1,5x health of enemies you may have problems in rooms where hundreds of frogs or invasion of the bulls. This is not a problem when you have unlimited using F6 (quick save) and F9 (quick load).Problems and bugs1. Main problem for me - 1 ammo bag at co-op survival forallplayers. Its mean if first player will take the ammo bag - the second player will have to wait 30 seconds for respawn of new ammo bag. How play without ammo?! Yes game have places for even 42 players but possible to play only when you play solo at co-op. Even play with 1 friend - you can not play, nothing good will come.2. Seems for achievement ""I am Ugh-Zan"" you do not need play all game at this difficulty, run only last level with ""I am Ugh-Zan"" difficulty, all other levels with tourist is enough. It means that its very easy achievement and anyone can get it without problems. It would be interesting if you need some skills and spend time for training if you are really want this achievement, like ""all gold at survivals"" TSE HD... Also they changed rules, 2x health were previously. It was much more serious. I am very disappointed, I will not set this achievement for my best.3. Records at leaderboards.» Firstly, we can`t check Steam profile of players from the game, we can see only their nicknames with results. Also no any filters for campaign results, just general score for full campaign.» Secondly, developers did not fair to the players when they deleted many results from leaderboards. Because, now I can see same results which were made with the same scheme. 8+ hours at co-op survival where you can`t pause the game or play with any friends and 1+ hour at ""Space ball"" map are prove my words. Its obvious for me, why not obvious for developers?!» Thirdly, no anti-cheat system at game. Still no one red hacked record at leaderboards. This simply can not be after 6 months.4. During co-op survival match, any players can join to the game. They will not get a result but they can help a lot to the host.5. Survival mode have 4 maps. ""Space ball"" have 2x gravity and you do not need to shoot enemies, just walk forward and look at the sky. So only 3 playable maps. I hope that will adds new maps.LIKED1. At leaderboards you can see how much kills players got. Its important for survivals... But do not forget that some enemies have friendly fire. Blue golem like a boss. He will help to you a lot.2. During any kind of co-op games, you can see what damage your teamates and you are gave to enemies... But not restarted after match, cumulative statistics. Need fix.3. New weapons... But still no hotkeys for them.OUTPUTYes this game have not modern graphics, have many bugs and serious problems which have not completed yet after 6 months,but cost very cheap and she is made not from Croteam and I got only positive emotions when I played this game. I'm not sorry that I bought it for my collection of Serious Sams. So lets try it too!I will not give an assessment now since the game is definitely not completed. I hope that willfull resetof leaderboards, will adding new content for Survival mode and adding Steam cards.Good luckScratch~!"
76561198094440614,Recommended,227780,20145066,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Don Lurky,"Serious Sam: The First Encounter + Serious Sam: The Second Encounter + 1 Serious Sam fan made game?Only 4,99?Well that's a deal. Seriously."
,Recommended,227780,30446412,Posted: 11 March,all,mater,"Serious Sam is a high-adrenaline old-school arcade-action shooter heavily focused on frantic arcade-style action. Serious Sam travels through the beautiful landscapes of Ancient Egypt, Mayan Civilization, Persian Empire and Medieval Europe, confronting the countless numbers of Mental's hordes hell-bent on destroying the human race. You are Sam ""Serious"" Stone. Welcome to the fight!"
,Recommended,227780,9981836,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,iCarusOrbit,"Because Sam, Serious Sam!Nothing to dislike here.."
,Recommended,227780,17366353,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Black Carrot,"Classic Serious Sam with serious resolution and serious steam workshop. Now, this game is more serious than earlier. I'm serious."
,Recommended,227780,18848313,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Robbie :),"Serious Sam has been around for as long as I can remember. It was my childhood. The first video-game I ever played. I beat the classic games multiple times. I've played ALL Serious Sam games on every console, even Serious Sam Advance on GBA.  And now the game is back. Same game, except without GameSpy, as it's been cancelled, Steamworks integration (WORKSHOP, WOO!) and a new Bright Island campaign that's soon to come. Oh, by the way, CROTEAM OWNS. (I rate 12/10. Seriously.)Serious Sam was (and still is) one of the best first-person shooters around. It needs more recognition, though.Sam ""Serious"" Stone, the protagonist of this game series, is hilariously punny, agile and fearless. The level designs are seemingly flawless. In every level there's plenty of fun secrets and easter eggs. This is one of those no-nonsense first-person shooters, completely relying on skill, not fancy camos or weapon attachments. That's right. Skill. Hundreds of enemies attacking from everywhere and no taking cover behind sandbags, no-siree. This game is not for you Call of Duty or Battlefield pansies (Both series are still fun though!). If you rage at Call of Duty and say ""I slept with ur mom m9 xddddd mountain dew"" then this game isn't for you. But I still highly recommend it so then you'll stop your babyish fits of rage. No noticed glitches so far, and absolute positivity for hours upon hours of non-stop action and fun. And if you don't want to fight monsters, fight your friends in an epic multiplayer arena experience.Burn, explode and pour lead into hordes of oncoming monsters! Hear and see the fun jokes from Sam and the developers. Solve puzzles, explore the world, laugh a little and kill a lot. This is definitely a great game. And even kids can play it! My 7-year-old stepsister enjoys it very much, and there's even a setting to change the blood red, green or ""hippie"" ;). It's fun for the whole family and even has 4-way split-screen! Where did this game go wrong? NOWHERE. It's perfect for casual gamers and hardcore gamers alike. The only con is the arthritis or carpal tunnel that may occur from you constantly being on-edge with the non-stop action.But that's just reviewing the classic games alone. Now for the new Revolution version:Serious Sam Classic: Revolution brings back the old and fun version of Serious Sam (Not that the rest weren't fun) with the same graphics for you hipster saps*. Managing to perfectly combine the First and Second encounter, it's flawlessly triple the beauty. It has Steamworks integration, which means it has the Steam workshop, the 27015 port commonly used with Source Engine games and matchmaking without GameSpy (RIP). But it has a new campaign, not yet accessible in the current version. It also has a brand-new** Survival Mode, where you can now sit back and fend off LITERALLY thousands of enemies for as long as you can. It also brings back the beautiful Split-screen so now you and 3 buddies can unleash mayhem upon the mayhem that's already been unleashed. There's also new and fun mutators for multiplayer game sessions, Survival exempt, which adds to the fun that's already there. It also has everyone's favorite mod, Seriously! Warped Deathmatch fully integrated into the game itself, which includes more maps and weapons galore. And a few smaller things, you can pick your HUD theme and there's slightly upgraded shaders. But the game was already perfect enough.So, this overall is a great game. I enjoy it very much and it's TOTALLY worth the money. It's worth more than they're asking, so this is practically a smooth steal. And I'll definitely buy it to just give away to friends because it's so flippin' good. I rate this game a solid 12 out of 10.Now what are you waiting for? BUY THE GAME! Seriously. Just do it."
,Recommended,227780,13122847,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,"Miles ""Tails"" Prower","Well, I put 30 hours Into the game. So, might as well make a review for It finally!Serious Sam Classics: Revolution Is a game pack.  That reminds me an awful lot of Serious Sam for the Xbox. As It even had The First, and Second Encounters merged Into one big fantastic gore fest.Now I've been playing Serious Sam since The First Encounter way back, and I haven't stopped playing since then . Sadly I've been living a depressing life, and thanks to Sam he has been there for me, to ease the pain. I'll never regret how much how this game puts me in good spirits even if it's for just short bursts.Anyways, back to this seriously awesome pack of seriousness. Which like I stated at the start of this review. The first two encounters are included, but now something new is invading the this seriously awesome world. Croteam are implementing a third campaign, which Is still not playable yet. Though since the game Is still In Early Access. Hopefully soon It'll be included. Now I have encountered some bugs and problems with It, but hopefully It'll take notice and Croteam It will get fixed real soon.Anyways, let's talk about the games contents... shall we?==[Serious Sam - The First Encounter] ==So, the game actually doesn't start with much of a story, If you didn't skip the opening credits that Is. The game takes place In Egypt, 3000 B.C. (As Serious Sam states In Serious Sam 3: BFE, a prequel to SS:TFE).At the start of the game, before the bloodbath really sets in. You get to meet your little AI friend ""Netrica"". (Or her nickname Nettle, In Serious Sam 2) Though In this review, we'll be calling her Nettie for now. Hehe,She's a AI computer planted Into Sam's brain, and she's Sam's friend, and your guide throughout the experience. Nettle will give you useful tips on things such as the history on the area you're In, Information on the aliens you'll be encountering, etc. She's quite useful, and I recommend reading what she says when you click on your right mouse button.So, some may say. The point of the game Is just shoot, go to the next arena, and shoot more again. Or kill anything that moves. Nope, It's not only that, but the open areas are beautiful and wide. And there's many secrets to discover In each one If your curious enough to take a treasure hunt. Now for the AI on the monsters, the AI Is just ment to be stupid, really. As the monsters are just pretty mindless, so what's the point of having good AI? Now for the graphics. The graphics were beautiful and fantastic back In 2001. The reflections and many effects the game Is just beautiful. The Serious Engine Is perfectly made, and It was a marvel for It's time.""__________________________==[Serious Sam - The Second Encounter]==Alright! Now to move onto Serious Sam: The Second Encounter.Now, this one Is the cartoons variation of the Serious Sam games. Though that's what I kind of love about the games, the cartoon like vibe and humor! But seriously... Who doesn't?So, at the ending of Serious Sam: The First Encounter. The Croteam Developers make a rather funny appearance In the opening Intro. Flying flying In rollercoaster like snake of crates, and they accidently smash Into the Sirian UFO that Sam Is In. Sam Is a little enraged by this, and the UFO crashes Into the mountains of South America. Sam thought he'd be In Egypt again, but he was wrong.Now, as you might now know.  the Serious Sam games have always been known for the Egypt setting. Which I'm pretty sure a lot of gamers got sick of. This was a chance for Croteam to do something else other blast away aliens near towering pyramids. This time however you get some new toys to add to Sams collection. A Sniper Rifle, Flamethrower and Chainsaw. Now, you get to mutilate the invasion with even more ""class"". Such as the Demons, chainsaw wielding pumpkin heads, and many other deranged baddies. Which just makes the game even more Awesome! Plus your little friend Netrica Is back! And ready to give you more Info!__________________________The developers of Serious Sam Classics: Revolution are doing a great job on this! They may need to still work on some bugs, but Croteam is doing a great job altogether though!And well, that's the end of this review. I wanna thank Croteam for creating this beautifully articulated and well crafted game. Also for this game helping me through the rough times in my life.I my yellow shades towards you Croteam. For making me the guy I am today . The fact they care even for their work in the past. As this pack makes the originals live long and unformatted. Again, Thank you Croteam, and I hope you'll be making Serious Sam games 'till the day you croak.Credit goes to ZealousFoX for helping me Improve the review more, and being a great friend."
76561198123412640,Recommended,227780,13889890,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sam Lilly,"Serious Sam Classics: Revolution is a combination of Serious Sam: The First Encounter and Serious Sam: The Second Encounter. The combination of two classic first person shooters not only comes bundled with the two originals, but also with tons of extra features to make it have even more lastability. There are more guns, more modes, and even an extra campaign on the way. (This is an early access review so that hasn't been finished yet) There's also a workshop with lots of interesting custom made levels, full missions, custom scenarios, and tons of changed for textures, skins, and other visuals. There's so much content in this version, along with some controller support and other cool features to better suit newer and broader audiences, that it's practically overflowing!Beyond all the amazing extra features with this new version, the combination of the two classics into one epic adventure is great. It will be many hours of gameplay shooting down tons of interesting enemies with cool guns in big arena styled combat. Maybe a few minor puzzle bits here and there. And of course, some very large environments to view and explore.You may not want to get the few changes and additions to the game that are in this version, though. And if not, well this is still an excellent way to get the first two encounters in their original form at the same time! A bit cheaper than the complete pack. You can play them without all the extra stuff added in.Yet you'll still want Revolution for the workshop content, extra modes, extra campaign, new features, and online capability, though I haven't personally played online. I might in the future, but I'm not too into online stuff, so if anything I'll most likely wait for the full release when more people are buying and playing. Perhaps I'll update this once I've tried it to give you my thoughts on that as well.So it sure sounds like I'm all for this, but note there are some issues here too. It's early access, so it will be changing still. I'm not sure what will be added, cut, or changed. So it's always risky. Also, the workshop content does seem to be annoying to manage, as you have to delete it from Steam for get rid of it, then boot up the game, have it make the changes, and the reboot it so the changes can be permenent. But it's not too hard to do. There's also the inherent problems with quality control on the workshop, which can compound that pain. Sometimes older items from the original games get put into the workshop but don't work because of the changes in this version, and that can be... frustrating to get in on before others catch it. There's the lack of the new campaign as of now, which... will most likely be coming but isn't really a plus to truly note until it does come. And the biggest thing is... why get this over the HD remakes? Well, it's cheaper, and has different physics... but other than that, it sounds rather comparabile. I don't know much about the HD ones, so I'm unsure if there is a workshop for those or not. This is a fan project that opens up more possibilities than the HD versions do, as far as I can tell. Also, this one actually runs on my computer, so... it's nice for that.Basically, it comes down to the fact that if you like Serious Sam games, you'll probably love this with all the extended playing you'll get to do. You get this plus the two originals. Three games for the price of ten bucks for one. That's pretty good! And if you already have the originals on Steam... well what the heck are ya waitin' for!? This is FREE for those who already have those! There's no reason to NOT get it then. With all the awesomeness of the originals, the inclusion of them with this purchase, and the incredible amount of extra material even already in the early access version, Serious Sam Classics: Revolution gets an 8/10. Fans of the classic FPS... no need to look in your wallet, you know that 10 bucks is already gone."
,Recommended,227780,18399608,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Serious Sam is a series of a games that were developed by Croteam and is a old-school no-nonsense FPS. Just kidding about old-school, it's more of a arcade-ish horde fighting game, more focused on shooting down tons of enemies rather than exploring mazes, all while Quake 1 was struggling to have more than few enemies on a screen. But hey, when there was so many military shooters, you couldn't be picky.Anyway, The First Encounter was released in 2001, becoming a sleeper hit at the time when other developers were starting to compete at making the most boring realistical games already. You would be playing as Serious Sam, going back into past because unknown alien by name Mental was attacking Earth and even still manages to send his colorful troops into the past as well to stop you. And thus Sam Stone had to get serious, shoot many things, grab many weapons and beat many Egypt levels, filled with huge spaces and handled as one continous arena. And reading excuse text that Netricsa, your mind computer, was sending you. It also had small moments of silence, mystery and spookyness, rarely.The Second Encounter was a sort of sequel or stand-alone expansion pack, that came out in 2002. Thanks to Croteam, Sam is still on Earth and now has to travel over 12 more levels, with 5 in Maya era, 4 in Persia or so and 3 in Gothic. Though they felt less interesting, aside from the last three levels of Gothic that are simply awesome. Plus new weapons, like sniper rifle that is used as single-shot super double shotgun rather than for sniping (but it's strong only when aiming down sight. Right mouse click, left mouse click, done!). And new enemies. And new bosses. And music is still awesome.It also came with fan-made mod Warped that gave Serious Sam more multiplayer competive modes like capture the flag.Didn't take long for Gold edition to come out, that was a simple compilation of the two games, but  Second Encounter now had more exclusive deathmatch levels and a fan-made single-player mappack The Dark Island. It's amateurish and seemed to be comissioned with tight deadlines, so eh. Buggy too.Few years later these games would be remade in HD, but you know, it's a different story, with some cuttin and rebalancing.Another version to note is Xbox version of Serious Sam, that combined both games while giving it changes in style to make it fit more toward more cartoonish Serious Sam 2. What it means is shiny different weapon models and new humorous cutscenes.But then in 2014 a group of fans Alligator Pit got official support from Devolver Digital and Croteam and released a definite version of Serious Sam 1 games. Or more like, remastered, if that word fits. Revolution combines both Serious Sam Encounters into single game and fixes various bugs, like multiplayer being dead due to death of Gamespy or level editor not working for 64-bit systems, also giving widescreen support. Though original Classic versions on Steam would later get multiplayer and editor patched. At least Revolution allows you to download mods from multiplayer server. And yes, it got multiplayer maps from Gold edition. No, Dark Island is not included, search Steam workshop for it. Yep, Steam features implented!But Revolution does much more. It's supposed to include a new campaign called Bright Island (no, not sequel to Dark Island) once it comes out of Early Access. As of now, it has a new Survival mode with few maps already. They even sneaked in new three weapons (not exactly new, right) into Serious Sam campaigns into three new secrets, so you can search those. Otherwise, purist be happy.And a nice thing is that it was given free to owners of both Classic Sam titles. As a upgrade. And you also get Classic titles as a bonus if you buy this now.Multiplayer works but isn't all that active. But it should boom a bit at least once when final version will come out.Though it's mostly to hang out with friends. Competive has two interesting rules: super speed when holding knife and double shotgun shoots as fast as single shotgun. It gives more fun, but still doesn't balance perfectly. Still, shame it didn't make competetive scene, it doesn't weight you down with silly strafejumping while being extremely fast-paced.Coop should be fun too. Mhmm, even though few years in Classic Second Encountered whenever I would play on those infinite ammo servers, I felt that my brain shrank to the size of a nut. Because respawn plus infinite ammo equals to just holding left mouse button with no care for the world.From technical side it seemed to be fine, but I noticed that weirdly enough I sometimes miss monsters a bit when turning around or side-stepping or both. It feels like shots sometimes went where my aim was at a half-second ago. Or something to do with timing. I don't remember it happening in the past in originals. But at least it's not big issue, just sometimes.And most importanly is the same awesome gameplay. You may think that because it's a horde shooter then it must be dumb. You are destroying few hundrets monsters per level after all. You may remember one of those other trashy horde games, like where you could just beat game by backpedalling in circle while shooting away at monsters that barely catch up. Is Serious Sam as silly as that?No. Actually, it's probably the best horde shooters out there. Because this game has a flow in combat. It makes you care about weapon selection and respect each enemy type. You may be overwhelmed by HOW much of weapons you are given by the end. But while they are generic, each of them has that one specialization where they are the best choice. Even weaker enemies can be prefered over stronger, like you will use Thompson on medium enemy encounters over Minigun if you don't want to waste bullets. Even Single Shotgun is sometimes prefered over Double Shotgun, when dealing with bunch of weak enemies. Though, it doesn't stop weapons from being divided into tiers. Sure think Plasmagun is the way to go. But you know, ammo. Ammo ammo ammo. If you want to converse ammo for big guns for big encounters, try to use weaker weapons on weaker fights. Such stuff. In other words, it makes players switch weapons instead of sticking with few ""toys"".And as said, enemy diversity. They all have different tactics, all require different ways to avoid their attacks. Sure, it got one type, Gnaar, that is just weak slow melee monster. But then it got stuff like Lava Golem who aims at where you will be with fireballs and you have to either change direction or knock balls off with shots. Or skeleton Kleer, who is weak-medium healthed, but is extremely fast and attacks by leaping, so you have to sidestep this one. And when in horde, you now have to prioritise target, whether you want to shoot down weak yet explosive kamikazes, who go ""Aaaaaaaaa!!"", first or if you should neutralize huge chicken-like biomechanoid who is going to blow you up with rocket if he gets close and is tough on health.A bit of planning separates good action from dumb action. Like good platformers. And good graphics for it's time with excellent art style, which is colorful yet not too cartoonish. And excellent music that is both atmospheric and memoriable and blood-bumping.And fun secrets. Occasionally funny.The only flaw is that it can overstay the welcome. Can get repetitive. Or at least I didn't dig some levels, especially in Second Encounter. No, final levels were awesome. It just can get old to beat it in one sitting.But grab it, Seriously! It's a good game that I was fan of. Well, because of level editor mostly. And not only it's a good game, but it's the best pure version. As in, not remake, just definition and addition, while you can get same experience. I mean, those old-school low-poly chunks of gibs that slide all over walls have their own charm too, you know."
,Recommended,227780,30876922,Posted: 1 April,all,Bugnotnotthegreat,"This is probobly the best way to play the first 2 serious sam games. You get revolution which is the first 2 games but with improved graphics, framerate, more guns, caampaing and much more. Or if you want to play the unaltered originals then it comes with them aswell (as seprate downloads)"
,Recommended,227780,32470608,Posted: 16 June,all,dipsy,"If you're up for a fun nostalgic experience with a few addons and fixed bugs, this is for you."
,Recommended,227780,31303458,Posted: 22 April,all,Agitated Skeleton Erick,"Combines the original First and Second Encounters into one exe file. Great way to play the originals with updated resolutions and Steam Workshop support. Problems I can say is that getting out of water is somehow more difficult than it should be and being 3 years in Early Access, we don't have any demo for Bright Island, and looks like it'll stay that way for who knows how long.Rather slow development aside, it's nice to play The First Ecounter and Second Encounter into one game. You also get the original untouched versions of both games as separate titles on your Steam library, so you can play that without worrying about any Early Access bugs Revolution has. Still, like with the rest of the Serious Sam series, it's best to wait for a sale and grab all the games in one nice bundle."
,Recommended,227780,16374170,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Speedy☆☺,"There is a lot of people who don't get this genre. However it's probably one the best satirical game series ever! It's not Duke Nukem, it's not Blatzkowitz it's Serious Sam!"
76561197992358408,Recommended,227780,23615020,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,<[POW*MIA]> 5★ Gen Quinn Army,"Although this game is still currently being worked on, it is still pretty fun. What's neat is that it gives you the first and second classic encounters free if you haven't already purchased them before, so its like you're getting a buy one get three oppertunity. I look forward to Aligator pit and Croteam's final and official release of this game."
,Recommended,227780,12256705,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,PikaCommando,"Serious Sam is the best first-person shooter to ever grace this planet. Why?Unlike Doom, there's no stupid complicated mazes.Unlike Duke Nukem 3D, there's no goddamn keycard hunts.Unlike Quake, there's more colors than brown, black, and gray.Unlike Unreal, there's no dumb enemy placements.Unlike Half-Life, there's great music playing all the time.Unlike System Shock 2, there's no needlessly complex interface.Unlike Call of Duty, your guns are all unique.Unlike Battlefield, there's no dumb realism that slows the game down.If you think those qualities above makes a game great, you're wrong. Check out what Serious Sam has to offer:-Fast-paced action to keep you on the edge of your seat.-Huge, beautiful environments for you to immerse in.-Loads and loads of enemies for you to take on at the same time.-Simple yet smart level layouts that makes the best of enemies, items, weapons, secrets, and traps.-Dynamic and wonderfully-composed music that changes based on the level of action you're facing.-Different types of enemies to provide maximum challenge.-Fun, unique weapons that has a purpose in any given situation.-All you need to know is how to move and shoot to play the game.Combine all that, and you just got yourself the recipe for the perfect game. Serious Sam Revolution is a compilation of the classic Serious Sam 1 games, The First Encounter and The Second Encounter. TFE contains 15 levels while TSE contains 12, all of them fun, massive, and action-packed.""But isn't there already Serious Sam HD, where it is the same game with nice modern graphics?""First of all, slap yourself for saying that. Now listen to what I have to say.Graphics doesn't make a game good. It's how you implement it with the other aspects of the game. Fortunately for Serious Sam Revolution, its 2001 and 2002 graphics still hold up well by today's standards. The way they used the bright colors is what makes it different from HD; in some way it even looks better than HD despite being not as detailed. This is because it is specifically designed to be eye-catching instead of just having higher polygons and resolution.Serious Sam HD also lost other cool aspects of Serious Sam Classics, such as special gravity and enemy combos. These may seem like minor changes, but it's the little things that counts.With all that said, if you still consider Serious Sam Revolution not worth of purchase, perhaps it's time for you to reflect on yourself and your life so far to find out how you reached the conclusion that you shouldn't play this masterpiece of a game. Then buy the game and play it so that you'll realize the errors of your ways, correct yourself, and become a better person though Serious Sam."
,Recommended,227780,11685381,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Eludium,"It's good to be back on possibly the best action of 2001-2002.Serious Sam Classics: Revolution is the work of modders, big fans of the original game, that spent time merging the 2 classics into one game, plus something more: - new, third campaign (still not accesible, the game is in Early Access)- intereting main menu themes- better multiplayer connection (both LAN and Internet)- PC, PS and Xbox HUD themes are all accesible through settingsThat was it for the changes (mostly).Now for those who want to get this game, but don't know what it has got to offer.Serious Sam is an old-school 2001 shooter. It is fast-paced, you won't have much time to think, but mostly to shoot at everything and everyone. Probably doesn't sound as anyone's cup of tea so far. I agree. What makes this game special for me, is the environment. Every level has a unique design, and believe me, for 2001, the game looks amazing. You will fight through antic Egypt temples, dunes, dark sewers, pyramids etc.Yup, the game action takes place in ancient Egypt. Why? Play the game and see, I don't want to spoil anything from storyline.The game has also got its fair share of hilarious moments. Remember Duke's viral quotes from 1997? I can't say Sam's ones are the same, but they definitely remain in fans' hearts.The second Serious Sam game, The Second Encounter, has got the same gameplay of the 2001 classic. It adds a few new weapons (oh, and SUCH weapons!!), but I love it because... you guessed, the environment. This one and Serious Sam 2 are probably the most exotic games in the series. TSE will guide you through Mayan ruins, jungles, volcanos, many more and all locations are filled with memorable puzzles. They are not hard to accomplish, so they won't spoil the lore-fun in any way. However, the game has MANY secrets, and most will require a dose of quicksaves and loads in order to get..Pros:- memorable action!!- tons of weapons. I haven't insisted on describing them on the review. Instead, just try collecting them all and you will see what I mean;- tons of levels, massive single campaign with unique locations and enemies;- 100% Old-school FPS;- Sam.Cons:- not being able to change difficulty in-game; the balancing seems to get heavy every now and then, making the game a lot harder even on decent difficulties;- finger muscle soreness due to non-stop clicking...Personal rating: 92/100 - Amazing"
,Not Recommended,227780,34339959,Posted: 18 August,all,Nitronik,"First off, this is the classic Serious Sam from 2001/2002. Can't go wrong with that. If you dislike the Serious Sam games, you will dislike Revolution. As simple as that.This re-release of the game game is actually in good shape and runs well on modern hardware - but it has been seemingly abandoned by the developers who have not patched it since December 2016.One of the promises of this version was a whole new campaign as well, Bright Island.Judging by the way things are going, however, we will not definitely be seeing it any time soon.The thumbs-down is due to the developer team, rather than the (fantastic) game itself.With that said - it's Serious Sam!"
,Recommended,227780,17073444,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Da Atte,"Having played all the Serious Sam games (spin-offs included) I must say that this has to be the best game in the series. Serious Sam Classics: Revolution features the both original Serious Sam games in one great pack. Not only that, they updated the resolution and added better co-op and multiplayer support as well as Steam Workshop. There's no reason to skip this game if you like old school FPS games!"
,Recommended,227780,29021529,Posted: 4 January,all,๖ۣۜStarling,"At first, you may think this game is garbage, and that it's for masochistic people who don't understand what 'fun' means.Trust me, brother/sister, I've been there, done that. Then, something dawns on you, you can do it.Yeah, the enemy placement can be pretty frustrating (*cough* Great Pyramids *cough*) and the enemies may seem pretty unfair and not fun to fight against, but every enemy has their own counter and easy way to get killed.The easiest way to describe this game is as a more brutal, yet equally more satisfying Doom, with the charisma and weapon design of Duke Nukem (the Coachgun is as big as a damn zweihander) and with guns that work much like in Quake or Unreal Tournament.If you want to see how hardcore of a FPS gamer you are, this game will test your mettle. There's rarely a moment when you get a breather, save for a few starting missions.If we were to use the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ number scoring system, I'd give this game a solid 9/10.Oh, and a tip: F6 is Quicksave. You'll need it, trust me."
76561198070908105,Not Recommended,227780,27716285,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[-:-] Sparky,"I was going to wait until this game got out of beta before I post a review. But it's taking a long time. I wouldn't buy it now. Maybe when (or if) it finally makes it out of beta, then do it then. Right now, it's been in open beta for I think 4 years? A lot of bugs and glitches. It's just an existing version of a game that already has remakes of it's own. So while I was excited at first, now I'm wondering what am supposed to be waiting for?"
,Recommended,227780,14328428,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SpyroGuy,"Let's call this one the ""Definitive Edition"" of the Classics, both being fused into one experience while using Steamworks and the Workshop, just like the HD Encounters and BFE does.Refine the netcode a little, give it a little bit of bugfixing here and there (still getting random crashes occasionally), add the remaining campaign to it and it's good to go."
,Not Recommended,227780,34789125,Posted: 6 September,all,[mR]Gizmo,"Before I get started, I want to openly state that Serious Sam itself is not a bad series, nor is this a bad game, but it's neglect shows and this is a scenario of the cons outweighing the pros.Serious Sam: Revolutions, is supposed to be a fusion of TFE Classic and TSE Classic with a whole new twist. It's really supposed to bring the classics back to life with new multiplayer servers (since gamespy is long dead), new weapons, , enemies, resources and a updated graphics engine to support modern systems. However, the inconsistant update schedule has punished this game severely and has left many angry with alligator pit.Lets start with the pro's, shall we?Pros:+New Weapons (Ghost Buster from SS:Test 1. PlasmaThrower and Minelayer from Warped DM)+New Enemies (Alpha Enemies have been restored, Unique new enemies, such as Biomechanoid Artillery, Biomechanoid Spawner, Beheaded Commando, Beheaded Vaporwave and more.)+New resources for mappers and modders alike.+Updated to get along better with modern graphics cards.+Classic mods are backwards compatible for the most part.+Merged TFE and TSE so you don't have to switch between.Cons:-Workshop is heavily glitchy, unstable and tends to not function properly for the slightest mishaps. The game can get hung up on one wrong addon and refuse to update workshop until you flush the cache, delete the workshop folder and then reinstall SSR-Development is unreliable, not abandoned but they do take a long time between updates. (last update was Christmas 2016)-Most workshop content is pretty much reuploaded from various sites or just horridly/lazily made.-Game is clearly unfinished, multiple crashes happen when using certain mutators (randomized enemy spawn is a huge one) or just in general some massive rendering error occurs.-Changing certain settings breaks certain parts of the game, especially with the Xbox HUD and some levels.-Bug Reporting site is pretty much full of bugs but none of the have been tended or answered to in quite some time.-Modding community is pretty dead, no one has really taken advantage of the new content revolutions brought in. Almost no workshop levels have the new weapons or enemies in them. Most of the workshop levels are russian ports where enemies are thrown right in your face and you get swarmed in a room the size of a studio apartment.-Community in general is really dead, outside of the forums you'll only see around 7-8 players on at once. That's on weekends.-Netcode is horribly bugged and unstable, hasn't been patched since release.-Bright Island has pretty much became the HL3 of the Serious Sam Community.It's sad to see this game in such a hurt locker. I know alligator pit is busy with other projects, so I can't get too mad at them for how the game is. I just wish it got more love and attention.  It's not bad but it's clearly unfinished and buggy, and given it's in beta, it was bound to happen.The classic versions of Serious Sam are available in the Serious Sam Gold Pack or the Serious Sam Complete bundle, which drops to 10 bucks on all sales and is on sale frequently. So if you really want the classics, I suggest getting the originals instead, even though the multiplayer is dead on them.Serious Sam Fusion is much more updated and shows quite a bit of promise, it comes with the bundle and if you want it, you need to buy Serious Sam 3:BFE, TFE HD and the TSE HD. I also recommend adding TSE and BFE's DLC bundles for more mayhem and potential workshop content.All in all, the game means well, it just doesn't do well. I hope they come back to it someday and fix it up. Because in it's current state, it's nowhere near ready."
,Recommended,227780,10029696,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mrguy,"It's Classic Serious Sam for modern PCs, guy. Get it!"
,Recommended,227780,12483537,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,boi,Have you ever moved so fast and had so much going on that you couldn't even see what was going on? This fenomenom is called Motion-Induced Blindness and Serious Sam is a good example of it.If I were to boil down what this game is about it would probably sound something along the lines of:[...] PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEWNEW WEAPON!BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM [...]Has co-op. 9/10.
,Recommended,227780,31881971,Posted: 21 May,all,Causticius,"NOTE: This came out about 3 yearsbeforeCroteam decided to releaseSerious Sam Fusion, which uses an updated engine and graphics. So of course this version runs (somewhat) weaker and looks worse. Just bear in mind that there is another indie dev behind this project (Alligator Pit) when buying.OT: Runny-gunny, shooty-bangy, blast-n'-strafe goodness all over. Now capable of running on modern hardware. Similar to the recentSerious Sam Fusion 2017, but uses the older style graphics.Developers sadly haven't said a peep in nearly half a year, though. Which is rarely a good sign. Hopefully things tunr around.Believe I got my copy for free when I boughtSerious Sam 1and2. Same withFusion. It's almost like Croteamwantseveryoneto play their games, and are just giving away beta builds now! It's crazy!"
,Not Recommended,227780,32643557,Posted: 22 June,all,Doktor Mandrake,"abandonware.Alot of the positie reviews don't touch on this subject due to them getting the game for free, however if you buy this game you will find yourself disappointed as the developer isn't currentely working on it anymore and is instead working on Serious Sam's Bogus Detour and a few other gamesIf you do want to buy it however, it's 90% off right now and stupidly cheap, but I cannot recommend for full price when the developer Scratch has abandoned"
,Recommended,227780,20675045,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,talgaby,"Short version: 81%For those who missed the original Serious Sam games, Revolution is the best choice right now: by combining both Encounters and updating them to meet today's technical standards, it lets everyone equally enjoy this old-school shooter series, testing their abilities (and the power of their serious arsenal) against hordes upon hordes of monsters.Long version:When the original Serious Sam games got too outdated to play them without issues on modern systems, the developers decided to just remake them entirely in their then-newest engine as HD editions. There were some players though who preferred the original– either for the lower requirements, the old-school looks, or because they didn’t like the small level and gameplay changes. So, they disassembled the old engines and completely remade them as a single package, completed with a series of bug fixes and some community levels.The result was Revolution, which turned out to be so good that now it even replaced the original First and Second Encounters in the Steam store.If you never met this series, then buckle up, because Serious Sam is a very old-school FPS. There are no covers or health regeneration (unless you play the sissy difficulty), and the enemies won’t stop in the distance to make sure the player has time to kill them at their leisure. Here, you have to gruellingly cut, burn, slice, shoot, and explode your way through courtyards upon courtyards of alien monsters in ancient Egypt, the Maya Empire, Babylon, and medieval Europe.This may suggest some grim and gritty tone, but Serious Sam is also known for its cheesy humour, usually in the form of corny one-liners– mimicking the worst of 80s action movie clichés– or goofy secrets. This combination of hardcore action and nonsensical writing was one of the reasons Serious Sam reached its cult classic status, and the reason anyone who never played it should do so at least once.You can also follow theCompleting the Backlog Curator pagefor more reviews!"
,Recommended,227780,10333513,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,W¡zzy™,"The game alone provides hours and hours of classic FPS arcade-style shooting. The developers really did a good job with this game and managed to retain the core of what the SS games really mean : the classic funcade of arcade shooting where health pickups were known,going behind cover were for sissies, and 100+ enemies could fit in your screen. The classical FPS arcade-style can be compared to other known titles such as Doom 1 & 2, and the Quake series. Fast-paced, non-stop shooting action will keep you coming back for more gore and gibbing.The fun just doesn't end with the arcade feel of the game, but also due to the workshop support and not to mention 64-bit COMPATIBILITY ! Even after finishing the levels in the game, there is still hours worth investing on custom-made maps, survival mode, versus mode and not to mention the replayability of this game is really good. The 16 player coop will surely prevent you from boredom.Oh, and I forgot to mention, the level editor is fairly easy to use. This way, you could make your own maps and upload them to the workshop and see how other players survive a 100 kamikaze attack with a big boulder of rock behind them."
,Recommended,227780,9985252,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,DudeDesigns,"Early Access Review: 03/04/14Serious Sam Revolution is the combination of both the original Serious Sam: The First Encounter and Serious Sam: The Second Encounter, along with a soon to be playable third, original episode.Created, developed, and pitched by fans, this brings the original Sam games to the modern library with enhanced controls, visuals, and gameplay styles. The frantic arcade action of the originals is of course here, and the insane multiplayer is back as well, bringing all the classic feel of the original games to the modern market."
,Not Recommended,227780,14729741,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mental Paradox,"Three years, and it's still just the First and Second encounters. Both of which can be bought from the actual developers virtually for free, and with versions in glorious HD. I've lost hope that this ""new content"" will ever be added. Not to mention it has bugs that are not present in the originals."
,Recommended,227780,10004923,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,"Sir Quake, Esquire","It's only been on steam for a couple of days but this game is amazing. I loved that the HD versions had the fusion DLC which joined both games but there was a lot that was changed, so I wanted to play the originals but not have to switch between the games. This game does just that along with adding new features like Survival mode, achievements and Workshop support to name a few. People should definately get this game if they have sme spare change and I would recommend it to any Serious Sam fan. :serioussam:"
,Recommended,227780,12380345,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,vtrap,"This is a joke of an early access, it's too good to be one, you get 2 of what are probably the greatest games of the 2000s and put them together with more modern day graphics. The workshop is amazing so that users can make their own content for the game and publish it and another good thing is that it's dirt cheap, why go and buy BF4 or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD game when you can buy this or counter strike? It's fun to play with all the new modes and is something I'll never stop playing."
,Recommended,227780,13713520,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ivarr Odinsson,The best way to spend 44 cents.
,Recommended,227780,13592967,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,金Ch0gZ魂,BEST GAME EVER 10/10
,Recommended,227780,23661843,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,slowpard,It allows you to play classic Serious Sam in 1080p. Do you really need more?
,Recommended,227780,17679575,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Warxa,"This may not be HD but it keeps the classic features that were removed from the HD versions and they add even more stuff that weren't in the classic versions either, like an upcoming campain and cancelled weapons that are now useable. I still think updates take way too long."
,Recommended,227780,9984958,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Artyom Havok,"There is still alot that needs to be fixed for co-op especialy, but the effort and work along with the fast responses on the bug reporting site gets a big thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,227780,18031459,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Gal,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA\10.
,Recommended,227780,12412782,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,nnxyph #Averia-Media,Awesome game! I Love Serious Sam Games :)<3
,Recommended,227780,10178104,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Captain Birdseye,I would seriously recommend this serious game about serious sam to anyone who considers themselves a serious player of serious shooters. This game seriously raised the bar and seriously held its own for more than a decade and seriously deserves this renewal. the workshop has some serious potential and the coop has some serious fun. now take your serious money shove it in your CD drive and seriously play this serious game or I will seriously come to your house and seriously injure you...seriously.
,Recommended,227780,10160349,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,The Godfather,"I don't understand those people giving negative opinion. Seems like they don't understand what means ""Beta"" and ""Early Access"". As the image says, it's updated by fans, not by the croteam, so they shouldn't hope for everything.This game is going to be the best Croteam game so far.It's in early access beta, but improving very fast. I hope that soon, the most annoying bugs and crashed will be fixed.Counting on you guys, make this game even better :)Pros:-Updating/fixing regularly-New stuff-Achievements-20+ players coop (or even more)-20+ players DM (or even more)-WORKSHOP-and few more things that you'll likeCons:-Pay again for this old game"
,Recommended,227780,12694734,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Old Smeg,"If you want to play Splitscreen (With Controllers) buy this Serious Sam: Revolution, the HD Remakes dont support splitscreen, and the 2 seperate classic versions have messed up splitscreens, so just buy this one. :)"
,Recommended,227780,16563214,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Doof,"Serious Sam is a classic game. It's not arguable. This game just made it a whole lot more kickass.In the mid 2000's, I remember playing this on a burned CD on our very bad computer and having a blast on the first level.Last night, almost 10 years later, for $2.00 me and my friend pulled the best all nighter in history. Serious Sam holds a test of time. Not only for being a 14 year game and looking like a game that came out 6 or 7 years ago, but the fluid FPS action is something we just don't see anymore. In the early FPS such as DOOM, Duke Nukem, and Serious Sam, we see this fluid gameplay at runs at 60 always and has a perfect balance of insanity and fun. Not to mention this game has some of the best box art ever, and we're smooth sailing.Pros.+Amazing Gameplay+Gory+Good weapon choices+CO-OP! FINALLY+Deathmatch, feels a bit like Quake Live, but we have it.+Survival.Cons- Almost no story unless you read into it- Dated- Not many online gamesGameplay: 9/10. Best fast paced game I've played in a whileGraphics: 6/10. Dated, but if you get the HD version, they look good.Overall 8/10. I have to warn you though, if graphics are a niche for you, do not get this version. You won't have co-op or deathmatch and an added bonus of online survival, but the graphics are far more improved. Overall, this is a steal, getting 2 good games for the price of one. The devs really knocked it out of the park."
,Recommended,227780,28102070,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,UnsaFest Bro,"Seriously, You have to be Seriously Serious to Seriously play this Serious game."
,Recommended,227780,24466498,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Chineesus Clist,"I mean, its the two best serious sam games, bundled together with extra online support and steam workshop compatibility. Whats not to love."
76561198105556040,Recommended,227780,24266764,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Carmesea0,*Picks up 1 health**million enemies appear on screen*Are you serious
76561198107669471,Recommended,227780,20105861,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,"only 0.49€ for this game?  maybe is a steam bug xD  buy before they fix ,the game is very nice the musics too :)"
76561198135546620,Recommended,227780,19312083,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Anime fan on prom night,"This game is about 14 years old now, and it's still better than 99% of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t FPS games we get today. Shoot hordes of enemies and avoid their attacks, it encourages staying mobile and not standing around with your hand in your pants. Should be more games like this, but people don't seem to understand that games are supposed to be fun.  Lots of monsters to shoot, secrets on every level, nobody trying to shove a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥narrative down your throat, pretty much what an FPS of this sort should be.**Please note that ""The Second Encounter"" is NOT Serious Sam 2. The first and second encounters are basically the same game divided into two, as Croteam was unable to release them together due to financial problems.**It is an old school FPS somewhat comparable  Quake/Doom, but much more action oriented. I mean that in serious sam you are consistently attacked by HORDES of enemies as opposed to s couple at a time. You won't spend any time finding keycards or navigating a labryinth, and the only time you might be solving a puzzle is if you want to access secrets.  Most of your enemies attacks are dodged by strafing and jumping. Very much a ""dumb"" FPS, but it is immensely fun and a classic you should try if you are into older FPS games at all.You get the first two encounters and an updated version of both. The updated is in early access beta, but is stable and complete for the most part. A couple of very minor things have been changed (the teleport to Moon Mountains is now a pendulum, and the secret gun you get from cutting down the tree in The Second Encounter  seems to have been left out) but is the same game otherwise. The Revolution version also includes multiplayer (I can't seem to get it working, probably my internet), Acheivements, and a Map pack called ""Bright Island"" (not complete yet). The only problem I have with Revolution is there seems to be no option to turn the original graphics on. You do get the original versions of the encounters, but they do not have Achievements like ""Revolution"""
,Recommended,227780,10013461,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,EHW2,"They take my favorite frantic shooter series, breath new life into it, update it, and you have to ask if I recommend this game?Let me ask YOU something:AREYOUSERIOUS?"
,Recommended,227780,23853757,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,damon,"Awful port of the first two Serious Sam games, but you get the original SS:TFE and TSE if you buy this. Cheapest way to acquire the original games so I have to recommend it for that alone."
,Recommended,227780,10879407,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sven Bonäsch,"Serious Sam 1st and 2nd encounter for a much cheaper price with improved visuals, steam workshop support and other goodies. Instant buy from me given that I hadn't bought the originals during sales(I'm really glad I didn't). A definite must buy in my opinion if you're into old school fps games with lots and lots of enemies thrown at you."
,Recommended,227780,10242281,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Needa Pickle,"This is an Early Access Review: So far there isn't a lot changed in the game, the mechanics are the same, the game is great, a few maps have been added, as well as a few weapons from the original Warped Deathmatch mod. Can't wait to see what these guys can bring to the table!"
76561197993814722,Not Recommended,227780,25461781,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ドリーミーセシル,"Serious Sam: The Disabled EncounterHonestly, the only good thing about it - 2.5 games in one (TFE, TSE, Warped 3.0 Mod). But the way it is implemented...They say: ""If everything is bad - nothing is bad"", that in this case is more like ""If everything is bad - it's going to be even worse"".No major bug fixes, no new content, no activity whatsoever. Just minor fixes every 6 months or more.Even classics with their GameSpy tragedy still have more active players, which is ~10 unique players per day.Not to mention 64-bit Serious Editor and 16:9 / 16:10 support (thanks, dragon).I really can't understand people who prefer to play this instead of free classics which come with it. New awful HUD theme and achievements doesn't worth it.Oh yeah, good luck with ""Developer Rage"" one."
,Recommended,227780,28645321,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Old Shool Classic,"Good game, please add Polish language :D"
,Recommended,227780,10491089,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Killuminati,"SAM A GREAT COOP GAME THIS REPACK IS AWESOME FOR THE FACT THEY SAVED SAMS SERVERS, KEEP UP WORK PLZ SOME BUGS I WOULD LOVE TO SEE FIXED"
76561198073129012,Recommended,227780,11420885,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Necromancer,Becausehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpY-cfTqzsI
76561197995957283,Recommended,227780,14313458,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Lord of Chaos,"A game worth playing if you like the classic Serious Sam titles or just want something new to play in the series. The graphics stick to being similar if not the same as the classic encounters. The gameplay is the same as the classics with some extra difficulty here and there. Also, a new map is added and two new guns are added(I think). It is not a fantasic revision but it is free if you own the classics already, so it is like a bonus. Also, you have the ability to play Serious Sam: The First Encounter and Serious Sam: The Second Encounter unabridged if you do not wish to switch between games."
,Recommended,227780,27708369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Finnbro,"A SERIOUSly excellent game!  For those looking for a cheap entry into the Serious Sam Franchise, this is about as good as it gets!Serious Sam Classics: Revolution comes bundled with both the First and Second Encounter Campaigns as well as built in Deathmatch, CTF, Survival and a few other modes of play that go well along-side single player and co-op campaign.  Co-op can be played online or locally via split screen and has controller support.  Steam Workshop capability allows for custom player models, custom levels and other features to make the experience your own.  The built-in editor allows for a smooth experience for anyone wanting to take a crack at making their own custom content for the game.SSC:R is still in the early access phase, but with help of both Croteam and community modder support, the game is already a wonderful experience for players looking to scratch that raw shooter action itch!  If you can grab this title on sale (currently 99c in the 2016 Autumn Sale), it's one of the best choices an FPS fan can make.Why are you still reading this?  Go pick it up now!!!  I'm SERIOUS!!!!"
,Recommended,227780,23947864,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Goddard,"Classic FPS that's still better than most modern day offerings. You get Serious Sam The First Encounter & The Second Encounter, plus a new community made game with multiplayer functions. If you enjoy classic FPS games you should 100% get it."
,Recommended,227780,24168472,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"Cheap way to get serious sam 1st and 2nd encounters with splitscreen and steam workshop.This also includes both original versions of the games, If you want those.Serious sam games are action packed horde shooters(?) With imaginative enemies and interesting locations."
,Recommended,227780,26057776,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IMCR8Z,"A SERIOUSLY good FPS to play if your computer can't run DooM 2016 or Shadow Warrior 2, a SERIOUSLY good FPS to play even if your computer CAN run DooM 2016 and Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,227780,31307207,Posted: 22 April,all,Neuro - L4D2 CC,"Probably my favorite iteraton of the old Serious Sam the First Encounter and the Second Encounter.It's runing amasingly well on modern systems, getting 600+ constant FPS. Loads of custom content and many ingame options (crosshair, FOV, a developer console for fine tuning etc).Still worked on and maintained by the devs.Amasing."
76561197965381305,Recommended,227780,12488762,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Shinken,"Serious Sam Revolution the best way to enjoy the classic (and in my opinion best) Serious Sam games.This version works right out of the box with modern PCs (incl. widescreen resolution etc.) and is alot easier to tweak on Windows 7 & 8 then the older releases.Everything you expect from this rerelease already works flawlessly (at least on my computer). That includes multiplayer, through internet or splitscreen and playing through the classic campaigns (you can even play through them back to back as if they were one game)Honestly - I don't know why this is still early access. I've encountered not a single bug or flaw.Wether you are a new player and want to experience this great game from yesteryear for the first time or a veteran who wants another playthrough - look no further than Serious Sam Revolution!"
,Recommended,227780,23104239,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lúceen,"A nice try to revive an old game. Only one problem - performance. The game is OpenGL only, which is great for developer, but bad for mid-low-end players. Don't even try if your hardware does not run GL well. I have a PC and a laptop. PC runs the game at 7-300 fps, pretty much the same with laptop."
,Recommended,227780,24191464,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mull1gan,very  good game
,Recommended,227780,22550933,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,CrYpTo ViяuS,excellent interpretation of the old serious sam the second encounter.Recommended for those who loved the old version of serious sam.Bux fixes and absolutely interesting improvements in the movements.Useful for those who do not want to spend too much money to have the originals.
76561198046153828,Recommended,227780,10015576,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Metal Maniac,"One of the best shooters I ever played and still, after all those years, one of my favorites. Playing co-op in Serious with a few friends is still much fun. Also Ugh-Zan III is one of the best boss monsters in my opinion, both concerning presentation and gameplay.I'm glad that a project such as ""Serious Sam Classics: Revolution"" exists which combines both classic encounters and provides Workshop support. Serious Editor is a very powerful tool which provides means to accomplish nearly everything imaginable concerning level design (e.g. movable gravitation sources, attachable enemy spawners etc.)."
,Recommended,227780,9984622,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,SSGmaster(FR),"It's Serious Sam, of course you must buy it!"
,Not Recommended,227780,34769914,Posted: 5 September,all,TheMooseIsLoose,"This fan project served it's purpose well during it's time, there was no other way to play the first serious sams with 4 controllers. But now that serious sam fusion is out your better off buying that. I've had a ton of fun playing co-op with friends on this game so it feels wrong to give it a thumbs down, but it's abandoned now and superceded."
,Not Recommended,227780,21961366,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Techbane,"It was a nice thought, but it's been abandoned-- strike that, it's actually been updated again! Somewhat. Whether or not the additional glitches, split playerbase, and continued absence of votekicking are worth the marginal conveniences of having both games in a cheap, slightly modernized pack continues to be debatable."
,Recommended,227780,17628877,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Chimz,"Awesome! Just awesome! This game contains both Serious Sam 1 Encounters and has extra stuff. Mutators to make the game more fun, workshop to add some awesome contents, custom maps and game mods, new weapons and enemies, everything to make you want to play Serious Sam all over again! No matter when you want to play, there's always servers for you to join! If you're a Serious Sam fan, I really Recommend you get this game.PS: By purchasing this, I also got the Serious Sam The First and Second Encounter for free."
76561198089612261,Recommended,227780,11115345,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,B.A.,GOOD GAME
76561198125405711,Recommended,227780,10529093,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Captain_Slurk,Seriously great game!
,Recommended,227780,13224268,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,The good old Serious Sam First Encounter & Second Encounter. Love them both. In this game you can play both of them and that's really nice. Also there are some achievements while there isn't ones if you play the original Serious Sam First Encounter & Second Encounter. I like getting achievements so this one is nice. Would recommend.
,Recommended,227780,9983181,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Nhaselton,Its good. I would wait until its out of Early ascess before getting it so u can get the new game. This game appeared in my libary somehow and i like the game. Try it out
,Recommended,227780,9983813,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Dildaddy™,"Ahhh, Serious Sam...a budget-priced, nostalgic bundle of fun to many. And well...that counts to me; somewhat. I mean, the first SS game I played was Next Encounter for the PS2, and it was a crazy good time! But what about the classic games? Despite their large fan community and mod support; something didn't feel quite...""modern"" with the games.Enter Serious Sam Revolution, a fan-made version of the classic Serious Sam titles made by some of the most well-known and diehard SS fans from around the globe. While it's in Early Access at the moment, the full version of Revolution will include a new campaign, new gamemodes and much more. And how did this grab my attention? Well, because it was fuggin free! Well, it is free but you gotta own both classic titles. How does this fare? Well...The gameplay of SS Revolution are like any other Serious Sam game: shoot enemies, get new weapons, shoot more enemies, kill a boss, you get the idea. Sometimes you can get a friend or family member to help out with slaughtering mass hordes of enemies with a minigun. Graphics? Same as the classic games. Old, but impressive for the time....and this time with OpenGL.As for Revolution itself, the new Steam-based features are pretty cool; with leaderboard support, achievements and Workshop, and more streamlined multiplayer. Of course, seeing how this is a Early Access game, I noticed a rather odd bug where the Workshop items wouldn't load, but it might be because I'm not loading them right or it really is a bug, but eh. <.<Still, if ya want a dose of nostalgia get this game! I sincerly can't wait for the full release and maybe hear John J.♥♥♥♥♥♥s secksy voice in the new campaign mode, lol."
76561197970480657,Recommended,227780,29794318,Posted: 8 February,all,SmilingBerserker,"The way Serious Sam was meant to be played!This is a heavily updated version of SS classic which includes both games for a very low price! It combines both campagins into one, making a completely new SS game and a true fusion which does it so much better than the HD versions!This was made by true SS fans and they have promised a new capaign with new enemies and a boss sometime in the future!To make this even better, this version of SS has 3 brand new weapons! These fit into the SS universe very well and they are a blast to use. Make sure you look up a secrets walkthough in the community gudes section to find them.If SS2 was way too silly, if SS3 didnt tickle your fancy or if the HD versions were all too flashy for you then this is the best way to enjoy the full SS experienceYou seriously wont be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,227780,12443459,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ParksandRekt,BEST 99 CENTS I'VE SPENT
,Recommended,227780,10807210,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Scaret,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
,Recommended,227780,33126055,Posted: 2 July,all,Skorly,"The First and Second Encounter for less than 10€ is a really good deal, even if the additional campaign that was promised has been taking forever (if it will ever release). There are also some minor bugs, like how getting out of the water is extremely hard for some reason. But it still has less AI bugs and general weirdness than the HD games so at least there is that."
,Recommended,227780,10001030,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,A meme,"FREAKING AWESOME GUNS BLAZING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HAIR JUICE AND FREAKING AWESOME ROCKETJUMPING BULLCRAP AWESOMENESS OF AWESOMENESS SWAG SWAG SWAG YOLO YOLO WTF THIS IS TOO AWESOME WHILE IM WRITING THIS REVIEW I JUST WATCHED A WHOLE JUSTIN BIEBER SONG OH MY GOD GIVE ME A PRIZE FOR WRITING THIS DARN REVIEW BECAUSE THIS IS SWEET What the developers say:“WARNING: This game is currently an Early Access beta. While most of the game is feature complete, please do not purchase it unless you want to actively support development of the game and are prepared to deal with serious issues and possible interruptions in game functioning.  BULLCRAP THIS GAME IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME I CAN EXPLODE THIS GAME BARELY HAS THE MUCH BUGS EXEPT IN THE SECOND ♥♥♥♥ING ENCOUNTER WHERE THERES BUGS EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING WHERE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HORSE HAIR OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO EAT THE DEVOLPVERS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ HOLY ♥♥♥♥ JUST DONT YOU WANT TO RIP YOUR EYES OUT AND STICK IT ON THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN STOP LOOKING AT THE SCREEN OH MY GOODNESS THIS GAME IS BADASS MY GOD HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO STAPLE MY FACE ON MY BUTT AND THEN MAKE MY FACE LOOk AT THE SCREEN AND THEN SLAP MY BUTT WHEN EVER THE THE FACE DOESNT LOOK AT THE SCREEN BECAUSE ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FREAKING AWESOME GUNS BLAZING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HAIR JUICE AND FREAKING AWESOME ROCKETJUMPING BULLCRAP AWESOMENESS OF AWESOMENESS SWAG SWAG SWAG YOLO YOLO WTF THIS IS TOO AWESOME WHILE IM WRITING THIS REVIEW I JUST WATCHED A WHOLE JUSTIN BIEBER SONG OH MY GOD GIVE ME A PRIZE FOR WRITING THIS DARN REVIEW BECAUSE THIS IS SWEET What the developers say:“WARNING: This game is currently an Early Access beta. While most of the game is feature complete, please do not purchase it unless you want to actively support development of the game and are prepared to deal with serious issues and possible interruptions in game functioning.  BULLCRAP THIS GAME IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME I CAN EXPLODE THIS GAME BARELY HAS THE MUCH BUGS EXEPT IN THE SECOND ♥♥♥♥ING ENCOUNTER WHERE THERES BUGS EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING WHERE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HORSE HAIR OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO EAT THE DEVOLPVERS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ HOLY ♥♥♥♥ JUST DONT YOU WANT TO RIP YOUR EYES OUT AND STICK IT ON THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN STOP LOOKING AT THE SCREEN OH MY GOODNESS THIS GAME IS BADASS MY GOD HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO STAPLE MY FACE ON MY BUTT AND THEN MAKE MY FACE LOOk AT THE SCREEN AND THEN SLAP MY BUTT WHEN EVER THE THE FACE DOESNT LOOK AT THE SCREEN BECAUSE ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FREAKING AWESOME GUNS BLAZING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HAIR JUICE AND FREAKING AWESOME ROCKETJUMPING BULLCRAP AWESOMENESS OF AWESOMENESS SWAG SWAG SWAG YOLO YOLO WTF THIS IS TOO AWESOME WHILE IM WRITING THIS REVIEW I JUST WATCHED A WHOLE JUSTIN BIEBER SONG OH MY GOD GIVE ME A PRIZE FOR WRITING THIS DARN REVIEW BECAUSE THIS IS SWEET What the developers say:“WARNING: This game is currently an Early Access beta. While most of the game is feature complete, please do not purchase it unless you want to actively support development of the game and are prepared to deal with serious issues and possible interruptions in game functioning.  BULLCRAP THIS GAME IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME I CAN EXPLODE THIS GAME BARELY HAS THE MUCH BUGS EXEPT IN THE SECOND ♥♥♥♥ING ENCOUNTER WHERE THERES BUGS EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING WHERE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HORSE HAIR OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO EAT THE DEVOLPVERS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ HOLY ♥♥♥♥ JUST DONT YOU WANT TO RIP YOUR EYES OUT AND STICK IT ON THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN STOP LOOKING AT THE SCREEN OH MY GOODNESS THIS GAME IS BADASS MY GOD HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO STAPLE MY FACE ON MY BUTT AND THEN MAKE MY FACE LOOk AT THE SCREEN AND THEN SLAP MY BUTT WHEN EVER THE THE FACE DOESNT LOOK AT THE SCREEN BECAUSE ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FREAKING AWESOME GUNS BLAZING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HAIR JUICE AND FREAKING AWESOME ROCKETJUMPING BULLCRAP AWESOMENESS OF AWESOMENESS SWAG SWAG SWAG YOLO YOLO WTF THIS IS TOO AWESOME WHILE IM WRITING THIS REVIEW I JUST WATCHED A WHOLE JUSTIN BIEBER SONG OH MY GOD GIVE ME A PRIZE FOR WRITING THIS DARN REVIEW BECAUSE THIS IS SWEET What the developers say:“WARNING: This game is currently an Early Access beta. While most of the game is feature complete, please do not purchase it unless you want to actively support development of the game and are prepared to deal with serious issues and possible interruptions in game functioning.  BULLCRAP THIS GAME IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME I CAN EXPLODE THIS GAME BARELY HAS THE MUCH BUGS EXEPT IN THE SECOND ♥♥♥♥ING ENCOUNTER WHERE THERES BUGS EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING WHERE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DIPPED IN HORSE HAIR OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO EAT THE DEVOLPVERS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ HOLY ♥♥♥♥ JUST DONT YOU WANT TO RIP YOUR EYES OUT AND STICK IT ON THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN STOP LOOKING AT THE SCREEN OH MY GOODNESS THIS GAME IS BADASS MY GOD HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO STAPLE MY FACE ON MY BUTT AND THEN MAKE MY FACE LOOk AT THE SCREEN AND THEN SLAP MY BUTT WHEN EVER THE THE FACE DOESNT LOOK AT THE SCREEN BECAUSE ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,227780,33293058,Posted: 5 July,all,☣Patient Zero☣,"Its Serious Sam, what could be the problem? Well the Developer stopped working on this (I see it as abandoned) to go work on another Serious Sam game called Serious Sam's Bogus Detour. Bogus detour, the irony.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/revdevhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/ansjhSo enjoy my money whilst I don't enjoy an unfinished game.Edit: The last update was December 2016.http://steamcommunity.com/gid/103582791433828347/announcements/detail/704082951008291186"
76561198073361424,Recommended,227780,17343717,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,🐉Kesseleth🐉,"Serious Sam Classics: Revolution is a game about a man named Sam Stone being sent back in time to try to stop an alien invasion from occurring in the future. However, as he progresses he realized more and more the futility of his quest. Along his journey he witnesses the horrors that make up the malevolent forces' armies, including genetic experiments, enslaved alien races,  and brutal human corpses stitched back together and used as a grunt force.This game is not for the faint of heart. It is extremely serious in tone and truly hammers in the ultimate pointlessness of attempting to face an army that is simply too large in size to contend with. No matter how strong Sam is, no matter what he is capable of, eventually he will fall, and the aliens will arise victorious in their domination of all humanity.Most serious game ever made. 10/10-wait a sec...OH♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S A CANNON THAT SHOOTS CANNONBALLS AND THEN THE CANNONBALLS EXPLODE"
,Recommended,227780,19330200,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Red Fang,"Why should you buy this game? Well.. For starters you get both encounters, you can change hud to the original xbox theme, or download models instead of going into the bin folder and adding .gro files ( Like old times).Multiplayer/co-op is good,with the exception that most players who join have high ping. This is something that has been happening to me lately, and its maybe just the fault of my connection, but i feel like i should adress this. Has lots of fun mutators, like setting the weapon firerate, or changing how many enemies per spawn.. well spawns. Overall, if you enjoy classic first person shooters, like doom or quake, then this is definetly for you."
,Recommended,227780,29959854,Posted: 16 February,all,WESCO,"This is essentially the ZDoom of Serious Sam, though it isn't feature complete yet. The original First and Second encounter have issues running on modern hardware, and have terrible mouse control. This version fixes most of these inconveniences.However it is buggy from time to time. Playing co-op with a friend, Aludran Reptiloids would occasionally slide off their sniping platforms and fall off the map. Considering typically all enemies must be eliminated to continue, this can be a problem. Sometimes getting grenades or cannonballs to fall off the maps as well can get the kill, but gameplay bugs like this are not something I ever encountered in the original Serious Sam or the HD remakes.Hopefully all these issues will be ironed out when this is finished eventually, as the co-op options and gameplay are generally superior in this version when compared to the HD remakes. Despite its flaws, this is the definitive version of Serious Sam."
,Recommended,227780,13094164,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Maud ッ,Just like the classic. I am so statisfied playing this after all those years. And the best of all is that i got it for 0.90 euro.
,Recommended,227780,22337042,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,joe8Zeta7,It's Serious Sam.What else?
,Recommended,227780,10440557,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,404good,"That's just old Sam we all love, but made for Steam."
,Recommended,227780,23123521,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nilezhek,"I can remember the first time when I've played Serious SamThanks for Revolution's authors, I have opportunity to replay First and Second Encounter at my modern PC without any problemsI probably stucked in this game for weeks.It's became classic for FPS genreGlorious and funny gameplayTHE MOST SERIOUS GAME OF ALL TIME"
,Recommended,227780,23125421,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,carlcockman64,"A nice classic game that will bring you fun for hours. Going through all of those endless hordes of enemies will bring you nightmares! Very serious nightmares! The storyline is also pretty great too, not some mixed up timeline. The soundtrack is pretty good, and the graphics aren't too bad for being an old game. A very recommended game if you like classic First-Person shooters.9/10 - Awesome"
,Recommended,227780,14511246,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cleric Quill Katarn,"Serious Sam isn’t about a war, protecting the world, or defeating some evil threat -- it’s about you, the effects of your actions, and events that are out of your control. The sum of Serious Sam's unexpected story is a shooter that makes killing things mean something. This, along with its thoughtful aesthetic and intelligent enemy encounters, defies the standard established by low-aiming action games.10/10"
,Recommended,227780,17527716,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,boris,Basically life in 79p
,Recommended,227780,20404253,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Peanut Arbuckle,So this is Serious Sam... and it has the Steam Workshop integrated into it.Finally can mod my game.It's worth it
76561198072680595,Recommended,227780,26728455,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,benvlieg,"Dis game is gud!!!!Ok. Lets get serious. You play as Sam and he doen't have a serious bone in his body. The game is set in Egypt, a jungle and a Eurpoean town (I think). There are more the 10 weapons in this game, and Sam carries the all at once, like a real man. The levels are huge with a huge number of enemies at a time. Sometimes more that a 100 enemies swarm the player. Luckily the AI is idiotic, whith every enemie trying to kill you, with no personal regard for saftey. Thats okay because the challange comes from the number of enemies and not their intellegence. The game is in Early Access but includes the complete campaigns from The First Encounter and The Second Encounter. They are planning on releasing a third campagin. That is great value for 10$. Get this game ASAP."
76561198058374807,Recommended,227780,14961093,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,blacklegsanji,this is deffinantly 100% worth buying if you are a fps fan at alllevel design:fantasticmusic:outstandinggameplay: nothing else like itgo online and mow down hordes of enemies  with you friends truely a timeless classic so seriously? what are you waiting for buy this game
76561198079730701,Recommended,227780,12577084,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,GalaxyZero,Ah Serious Sam. A game definitely ♥♥♥♥able and a classic in the sense of Doom and Doom II. On the level of shooters that just has a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥flying at you with no real plot except just to murder abunch of disgusting butt ♥♥♥♥ing ugly aliens. MY KIND OF GAME! 10/10 ONLY FOR THE TRULY SERIOUS!
,Recommended,227780,12689442,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SABREWULF AKA How 2 Use Ammozs,"WoW! A blast from the past. I bought the original copy of SS back in 2000, this one seems a lot smoother,faster then the original.  If you are a big nut about Serious Sam then join in its still fun to play afther all these years.GG ALL"
,Recommended,227780,22272440,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ran,it's funthe beta watermark is annoying though
,Recommended,227780,27448481,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,puddingtopf,"If you liked the original SS Classics, you'll love this one. It's both games (TFE + TSE) combined into one improved version with enhanced graphics and additional settings. SS: TFE is one of my favorite games so I still come back to this occasionally even though I also have the HD remake."
,Recommended,227780,23984230,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Super Reatard,"I bought this game just for fun and because it was so cheap and i didnt have high expectations for it. Turns out i bought a game i have had the most fun playing that i have had in a really long time, the multiplayer also works wonders and the game is kinda hard but its still so much fun."
,Recommended,227780,10474843,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Derped_Crusader,"It's basicly SS Original, But with a little bit of added features.... Some major ones being:1) Multiple HUDS2) WWAAAAYYYYY better multiplayer3) Cheeper (By about $2) then buying both of the originals separately4) Workshop (Doesn't work 100% yet, but they will fix it eventually)5) Better split screen (Split-Screen on the originals were a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥)"
,Recommended,227780,10001743,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Onóir,This game started my love for gaming. Its great to see it is being revived and brought back to its full glory.
,Recommended,227780,20147080,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Praveniskes,The game is extremely serious
76561198079863752,Recommended,227780,19923430,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rough Dolphins,This game is fire.
,Recommended,227780,14676337,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Folstream,"If you want the definite version of Serious Sam Classic (The First & Second Encounter) then this is the way to go. It has been updated to better support for modern PC/OS configurations, with improved Widescreen resolution support, with added Achievements and Workshop and various other fixes.However, if you want the exact same games but with high definition graphics go pick up Serious Sam HD: The First & Second Encounter."
76561198026118508,Recommended,227780,9982136,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Rofl man,Thanks for the free game lol.
,Recommended,227780,13759408,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sankels,There is seriously serious stuff going in this serious game.  Seriously.
,Not Recommended,227780,23252204,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kritigri,"Wait until after it's out of Early Access. The team are doing great things to modernise and optimise the game, but as somebody who just wants to play the thing I can't stand every update breaking my save files. There's a command to circumvent the error, but that just throws up a different error because they've quite obviously updated and improved the code since the previous saves. I suppose it's unavoidable given that it's Early Access, but that also makes it somewhat unplayable.As far as I could tell, there was no warning or indication that this may happen to your save file upon starting the game."
,Recommended,227780,29547577,Posted: 28 January,all,Shoobie,"If you don't like this game, then you're a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198067407622,Recommended,227780,17577580,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Gorgamesh,It's serious sam what do you expect?
,Recommended,227780,9991911,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,FiB. Muleke_Trairao,"First, i wanna say that i'm a big fan of the Serious Sam FPS's series and Serious Sam is an old-school franchise that still lives to this very day!This new modernized version of Serious Sam Classic(both First and Second Encounters) are made by fans and Croteam just gave them the ""ok"" to make the project a reality. SSCR comes with new features such as: Steamworks integration, Steam Workshop Support ON RELEASE(Early Access, i mean, but still...), new networking, achievements, survival mode, new multiplayer modes, new menu options, etc. This game is still on Early Access but if you take a look at the store page, you will see that they WILL add more stuff to the game later such as: a new campaign, new weapons, new achievements, trading cards, etc. It is really a revolution of an old classic!"
76561198017994877,Recommended,227780,10389942,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Wickedlm,"Three reasons why I recomend this game to Serious sam fans. One reason is if you are tired of the blockyness in the first and second encounter, revolution anhanses the graphics greatly. Another reason is revolution has more gamemodes,maps and weapons for even more fun than the originals. The last reason is revolution does not change how the weapons sound,looks or operates and maps are excacly the unlike the HD version which changes the game greatly. Hope this changes your mind to buy revolution."
,Recommended,227780,10372606,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Reytholian,"This brings back both the first and second encounters into one game! Plus the additional modes and features that were brought into the game for more fun! You should definitely get this game if you haven't already owned both classics! This game was amazing when I had it for the original xbox and it still is in HD! Not to mention the new content that wil be released in later updates with an all-new campaign and enemies to gun down! For those of you who haven't even played it before, well shame on you! Play it now and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,227780,11088585,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rebry,Just as good as the old serious sam games!
,Recommended,227780,10039530,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Flandre,Muy delicioso.
,Recommended,227780,10423822,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Timstro59,I've loved the Serious Sam series since it was first released.Anyone who likes games with near constant streams of enemies should buy this game.
,Recommended,227780,10481468,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,obie,A really enjoyable game.
,Recommended,227780,14041430,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PeSh0,10/10 cool game
,Recommended,227780,11019269,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Balls Deep In Awful,We do not play these games because they are easy.We play them because they are serious.
,Recommended,227780,10458513,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Xianide,A fan made project that includes both encounters? Hell to the yes! Plus a lot of fixes and new things! How can you not like this? Seriously!
76561198106241474,Recommended,227780,11017697,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Raufnk,The most serious remake of the classics ever.
,Recommended,227780,11820181,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Heisenberg,This. Game. just. brought. Back. My. Childhood....Thank you Croteam! for making great games!
,Recommended,227780,11855886,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,Nothiung but loves thanks croteam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227780,19252296,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,.Devastator,"Fine game, thx you. I never forget this game =)"
,Recommended,227780,10477758,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,cxza\\HM01urself,Serious Sam is always nice
,Recommended,227780,18661454,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,lemon,Game includes the First and Second Encounter. Who doesn't love a good first person shooter? This game has smooth gameplay and cheesy one liners. A must own.
,Recommended,227780,10005804,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Silent,I'ts time to get serious!
76561198051507769,Recommended,227780,11611203,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Knivesron,awsome game.
,Recommended,227780,9984034,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Spaceboy,You can orbit around the moon fighting meteor-bulls. 10/10
,Recommended,227780,13823168,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Endgamerz™,MMMMMMMMMM! OOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!........ EEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAWW!
,Recommended,227780,9981323,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,[C a n a b i s  N e m e s i s],What's not to like ?
76561198046556391,Recommended,227780,9982349,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Mr Noodle,"Reloading a shotgun is just overrated.  This is a very fun co-op game, but it is old."
76561198065775492,Recommended,227780,16413606,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Quan Chi,love it
,Recommended,227780,10784491,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DOOMJESUS,"yes, this is Serious."
76561198061110957,Recommended,227780,10385161,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,JGFrey #44,Not serious enough. 10/10 Would Bang
,Recommended,227780,21280402,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Manuu,"Serious Sam Classics: Revolution is a unified version of the Croteam's original Serious Sam Classic: The First Encounter and Serious Sam Classic: The Second Encounter experience, which is currently in development by Alligator Pit, an indie development team made of Serious Sam fans with the support of Croteam. Serious Sam Classics: Revolution, along with newly developed content by Alligator Pit, also includes all levels from both Classics and is powered by an updated Serious Engine 1 featuring all-new advanced graphics shader support, full 64-bit compatibility, full Steamworks integration, and lots of bug fixes for a superior game experience. Serious Sam Classics: Revolution is a standalone product and it is completely free to those Steam users that already own both original Serious Sam Classic games on Steam (Serious Sam Classic: The First Encounter and Serious Sam Classic: The Second Encounter)IGN: 11/10"
,Recommended,227780,30785691,Posted: 27 March,all,xD,Sam forgot how to jump out of water.
,Recommended,227780,33955132,Posted: 1 August,all,Mehrshad,GOOD JOBVERY FUN
,Recommended,227780,33941685,Posted: 31 July,all,Boolin Boge,"So one of the very first games that I got on the xbox as a kid was Serious Sam, and even then when I was super young (maybe 6 or 7? Somewhere around there?) it was a super fun game. Some things happened, xbox broke, consoles i wasnt interested in playing came out so i switched to steam. When I found out that one of my favorite childhood games was on the steam store, and I could get it for 10 bucks i bought it super fast. Truly as the title suggests, a classicSo lets get on with the review already. There are definitely some upsides as well as some downsides to this game. Some strengths that this game includes is :Amazing CampaignLovable MCEnjoyable Gameplay and AtmosphereGood GunsSUPER SRS (not really tho)Hundreds of secretsWorkshop capabilitiesOnline Co-op hosted on steam serversFun playerbaseHighly customizableSome downsides include:Still in early access, creator abandoned the work (the campaign is still fully functional however)Sometimes the net code is really buggy depending on internet connection between host and playerSeverely outdated graphics/gameplay (however the nostalgic gameplay could be a plus to some)Terrible PvP (in my opinion)In any case, Serious Sam is a great game as well as a great series. SS2 And BFG are also fun games, but I prefer this one the most.TL;DR: Fun Nostalgic Shooter with amazing campaign and workshop that makes for a good time with friends. Highly recommend, a 4.5/5 game for sure."
,Recommended,227780,22884323,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,YEA BABY pvpro.com,The game is awesome.It reminds me to the old time where i play the first encounter for the first time and when i finish the game i start The Second Encounter.It's verry good i recommend this game to buy it.
76561198169614611,Recommended,227780,33485091,Posted: 12 July,all,Frankthetank,One of my favroite fps games and very nostalgic. And thank you aligator pit for combining the two encounters so we don't have to buy both of the encounters for the full expirence!
,Recommended,227780,33016919,Posted: 29 June,all,Glitchman,"For a dollar go for it, two games in one. Sucks this game will be stuck in early access and barely anyone plays it anyone, since it's such a blast to play!"
,Recommended,227780,19377514,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,iWumbo,I played as christmas jesus
,Recommended,227780,15448360,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lunar Kommandant,The greatest run n gun game of all time with the nostalgia
,Recommended,227780,20107648,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,zodiacgaming02,Loved playing this game as a kid and would still be playing it (if my sister didn't break the disk ;-;) I love that this features the two first serious sam games and also that the multiplayer has been improved! Adding the ability to make and play custom maps/level! one of my favourite things about this is the fact it's being worked on by fans. Great job keep it up and i would recommend this game to anybody looking for a good classic fps game!
,Recommended,227780,29959026,Posted: 16 February,all,Punished Peenster,its gud
,Recommended,227780,11055002,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AmishArmy,+Splitscreen Co-op+Fun Arcade Style Gameplay+Great Workshop Content-Does Not Support HD Collection
,Recommended,227780,10002255,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Stoat,"Having kept up with this game through the Seriouszone forums, I was quite happy when it finally appeared in my library. And apart from some funny business in the beginning with saving/loading (an issue that has since been fixed) it has done well to meet my expectations.What this game is exactly is simple, it's a combination of the original First and Second Encounters optimized for modern hardware. The developers have been kind enough to go beyond that as well, they've updated the editor, integrated the whole game with Steam, added a Survival mode, and revamped the networking software. And that's all in the Early Access version. The final version promises a new single-player campaign, added gamemodes, weapons, and modding capabilities, trading-cards, and some demonstration maps for the new features.Aside from all that however the game is authentic and almost-unaltered Serious Sam Classic, that means crazy gravity, harpies that don't auto-gib, insane ammo-consuming miniguns, slower grenade launcher firerate, and non-xbox style models.  They did however go for one unified sound with the lasergun across both Encounters, and that is good, makes FE less headache inducing. I also enjoy being able to use the Second Encounter HUD for the game, as it's always been my favorite in the whole series.I don't know if the current price (9.99) will go up after the final version is released, but for now it remains one of the best deals on the SS Classics you can get, and it's already cheaper than buying both Encounters on GOG. It's updated often to take care of those harmful bugs and the devs seem quite dedicated to their craft.Overall I'd mainly recommend Revolution to those who want to experience the original Serious Sam games on current hardware, without needing the processing power required for the HD versions. If you're like me and also appreciate the smaller, less signifcant details, then you'll probably enjoy being able to go from The Great Pyramid to Sierra De Chiapes without starting a new game, as well as the general extra polish SS Classic has over the HD versions."
76561198176433503,Recommended,227780,20365063,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,zazzmagicmaster,"I gave it a quick test run - both in single player training, and against myself in split screen . It's a good old time first person shooter, with local competitive action - which is just what I wanted for my travelling toy box ( I mean my lap top ) . I didn't see any option in the mutators for this, so I'll suggest some AI bots in the split screen mode, to add to the fun . ( If you're playing one on one, just running around and looking for the other guy to shoot can be a drag, but a few dozen murderous space freeks can really spice up the action .) Nifty little game on the overall - keep going!"
76561198009025108,Recommended,227780,16353875,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
,Recommended,227780,24547751,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sody-Pop!,I can't wait for further updates!Amazing game.
76561198038547305,Recommended,227780,24766181,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Koenfu Panda,"step 1 : go to multiplayer and create a lobbystep 2 : go to the game mutator options and set the enemy spawn rate to 1000 %, firerate 1000%, max hpstep 3 : start the game, use the rocket launcher and fly out of the map and hopefully it won't lag TOO much10/10 perfect to goof around with friendsps.  don't skip enemies because the game probably can't handle it, also be carefull with weapons that have a lot of SFX    (like cannon explosion)."
76561198173723391,Recommended,227780,24566255,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sam4President,"I will update this review after i play it, but I wanted to post this complaint so its seen and fixed, or so someone can tell me where to find it. I do not know how to disable mods downloaded from the Workshop. I have not been able to find a section in the main menu dedicated to it. Please implement this and I would probably have no complaints as I have played Serious Sam since its original Xbox days and still love it. 9/10 would collect more kleer skulls."
,Recommended,227780,25239582,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Joker,Got this game for 99 cents. Now thats a serious deal.
76561198156413901,Recommended,227780,24966162,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,whitneythesharky,kamikazes cause me great anxiety
,Recommended,227780,9990835,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Slojoe17or76,"eff yeah this is awesome its the non hd version yes but it has all the features including the awesome survival that made sam so much fun in the HD: the second encounter but yeah new deathmatches and game modes graphical upgrades, you can now run it at any resolution, its just a ton of great new features and a ton of fun this also works like the fusion dlc for serious sam HD meaning that you can play both encounters in one clean go with a even larger player stack so  if you have the classics in any form go pick this up for free or drop that four bucks if you want to have a great time in my most favorite game series. think doom, a $#!% ton of monsters attacking you at once and more when you do co-op or crank up the dificulty and a slew of over the top weaponry to blow said monsters into chunky meat bits or your friends in the classic twitch style multiplayer which is alot more fun than todays games."
,Recommended,227780,10000863,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Destruction Games,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA *Explodes & Dies*
76561197962060186,Recommended,227780,22818745,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,wiseau,It's good.
76561198192316310,Recommended,227780,17036581,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,cdrive1,"I have played for a good while...and I will SAY THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Seriously, first you have the first 2 games on their own, and then you have that which has the classics, a brand new campaign, a SUPPORTIVE Community on modding, cannot wait to really get into the Co-Op.Plus there is one level in Survival Mode on Revolution which is just...JUST PLAY IT...its called Space Ball."
,Recommended,227780,10036844,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Schimpa,This is just EPIC !!!
,Recommended,227780,17569245,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Lord Fannywhacker,Probably one of the best coop games ever.
,Recommended,227780,18908920,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Vic,Pure adrenaline
,Recommended,227780,13062533,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,gavweb123,ok  Serious Sam first and second encounters which is cool though i could have a lil rant at how i didnt notice this fact when i bought the game and now im kicking myself at the money i could of saved oh well this games is awsome because it has both of the original games encounters and a little extra personal rating 9/10
,Recommended,227780,11015180,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,2fast4dad,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, this is one of the most awesome games EVER!!!! You start off in the desert with nothing but a pistol, but as the story goes on you get things like Grenade launchers, Rocket Launchers, grenades, and much more! The story goes on for about forever. You can record videos and share them with friends on steam. Although this version of the game is not HD it is still a great game and this version anyone can play espeically if you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer like mine. Plus atm the game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cheap you should buy it before it goes back up to $9.99."
,Recommended,227780,24046919,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chauris,Good game :) Old but still good :D
,Recommended,227780,32630796,Posted: 21 June,all,TonkeyOverdrive,This game is extremely fun. COnsidering it's on sale for .99 cents I think it's a great purchase.
76561198110910332,Recommended,227780,33427540,Posted: 10 July,all,kenny,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER 10/10 IGN RATING YOU HAVENT LIVED UNTIL YOU PLAY THIS
,Recommended,227780,33317400,Posted: 6 July,all,DM_David,"Played this when i was young, was my first FPS game and i would like to recomment this to anyone, best game i have ever played, gj Croteam, love it!"
,Recommended,227780,32613351,Posted: 21 June,all,RA(*?*)FO,Nice game but give more news when game will be FULL
76561198318285555,Recommended,227780,33328587,Posted: 6 July,all,TaustyZ_U ARE A POO POO HEAD,"I got thia game for only 0.99 cents and its pretty fun, if u havent played the classic serious sam games then get this, however if u did play the classic games then you'd be better off with the HD remakes or Serious Sam 3"
,Recommended,227780,33465936,Posted: 11 July,all,Ｂｉｔｃｏｉｎ,"ok this game is amazing.Wan't to relieve some stress?Well, Shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥to death!19/10 would be serious again\"
,Recommended,227780,10483596,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Conso,"An all-in-one solution for Serious Sam classic fans. If don't own any of the games yet, this is a good choice."
76561197970730856,Not Recommended,227780,17528102,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,kingsfire,"doesnt add any new content. Early access? No progress. All it says is avalable soon. ""soon"" never comes."
,Not Recommended,227780,34269456,Posted: 15 August,all,sheep,"FULL of bugs+ Abandoned game, last update was long agoYoure probably gonna find yourself playing it only for the achievements, nothing else lol"
76561197982485705,Recommended,227780,12736401,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Harry The Bastard,I forgot what it felt like to chainsaw horse-like skeletons to pieces until I went to my father's funeral and all his sisters suddenly appeared... 10/10
,Recommended,227780,10966432,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dingo Dango Damn,I enjoy little boys-Cereal Sam
76561198041081498,Recommended,227780,10410794,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Zoltcrusher,the same game as the old on boooring
,Recommended,227780,10810104,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,gvozdeni,This is a really nice game....Thank you very much
76561198031586463,Recommended,227780,11418370,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TheKnife,The Best FPS ever... serious..
,Recommended,227780,17530179,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,kebcoob,this is getting too serious
,Recommended,227780,26186021,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,erniem1970,"Of all the Serious Sam games, the First and Second Encournters are the very best. I still love playing them, even since they were first released in early 2001 going forward. The Serious Sam 2 and 3 BFE had more progressive graphics, but never had the same feel and open world excitement the First and Second Encounter games had. This is still the best shooter series ever! I want to see more maps and levels being added to the Workshop, since this is early access beta. I am looking forward to see all the great things happening with Serious Sam Revolution! Highly recommended to all FPS fans and those who love surprises and open world gaming!"
,Recommended,227780,35035075,Posted: 17 September,all,Eternal Darkness,The game of my childhood along with Quake 2 and Unreal Tournament 2003...But it's outdated (HD versions of the 1st and 2nd encounters were released)6.5/10
,Recommended,227780,18907556,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tafara12,i enjoyed it okay -_-
76561198311642597,Recommended,227780,30750511,Posted: 26 March,all,★ Intense,childhood
,Not Recommended,227780,34172945,Posted: 11 August,all,Thunder Emblem,Old games dont wanna run well....
76561198121267832,Recommended,227780,12484309,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Cursedviolentj,"Kids, this isn't a game anymore: This is serious."
,Recommended,227780,9985398,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"A serious update to two classic games, more games should do this."
76561197970701643,Recommended,227780,19970708,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Good if you're on an older computer that can't run the HD remasters.
76561198028324073,Recommended,227780,14022776,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gangsta,This game is Serious
,Recommended,227780,22652681,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,HAM I AM
,Not Recommended,227780,14579783,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cheesus,extremely slow development.  i was expecting much faster since Croteam is supposedly backing this.  i would advise against buying it in early release
,Not Recommended,227780,22437559,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Anonimous,"Serious Sam: The Broken Encounter.Seriously, there are more bugs than in the original version. Also, this game wasn't updated for a long time. And where is that new campaign they promised?"
76561198170364542,Not Recommended,227780,34765688,Posted: 5 September,all,mcole1007,I mistakenly thought this game was for the HTC Vive VR and bought it by mistake.
,Not Recommended,227780,33983910,Posted: 2 August,all,Brust,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD SOMEBODY TRY TO REVIVE OLD GAMES?!?! JUST BUY IT FOR THE OLD GAMES THAT COME WITH IT DAMN!
,Not Recommended,227780,23493672,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sebastian Michaelis,Used to love this game but today I played and randomly the screen went black did a restart on the game guess what BLACK SCREEN so this will stay a downvote until they fix this issue with the game
,Not Recommended,227780,31001559,Posted: 7 April,all,Kre,Content File Locked
76561198041673787,Recommended,227780,32002772,Posted: 27 May,all,Pingu,Gunz and shot♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000225311,Not Recommended,227780,22647393,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,VelioMan,"Very buggy, glitches everywhere, texture flickering, monsters disappearing... Sacred yards in first encounter is unplayable (had to save/load like 10 times in some places because I was dropping from the map while walking and fps down to 1, also insta dying to invisible things like i was being smashed), also the final boss once he climbs the pyramid gets stuck on the floor and is trying to move but he ends just walking in place which renders the final boss battle impossible as he is regenrating his hp with no way to make him go to the center to kill him with the teleport.Avoid playing this version and stick to the classic or HD editions untill this one gets properly done with the new campaign!"
,Not Recommended,227780,16405558,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Poofie Love bird,"Do you like not having a simple Config file?Do you like asking questions in forums, only to be re-directed to someones stupid bug-tracker?Do you like signing up for Filehosts to upload required files to the bug tracker?Do you like not being able to play your game?If you answer yes to any of the above questions, this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,227780,19470310,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Before you downvote this review, note that I'm not evaluating the first two encounters themselves.I'm a Serious Sam fanatic and I've played all the games of the series--but I still think both the First and Second Encounter suffer from some odd design choices such as the puzzles and platforming. SS3 is my favorite old-school FPS.That being said, I would not recommend you purchase SS:R anytime soon until there is some major content underway. Unlikely as it may be as this is not a full-time project by CroTeam. You can get this game for free if you own the classic games, but the HD versions are what I would consider the superior remake over SSR.If you do want to play TFE & TSE, then buy The Second Encounter HD to get both HD games' content. The Steam version of TSE comes with TFE's content--buying TFE alone is pointless.This review is to evaluate what you are getting with the EA product.Rating of Completion/CompetenceHere is a detailed list of my scale:1 : A bug-filled mess with zero content or missing many features. Far too early to get into the games. Also, games that get updates infrequently.2: A game with the beginnings of ideas, yet too soon to invest any time. Check back for updates to see if things improve. (Also, games that play well but do not have all the basic features, such as promised multiplayer modes.)3: A game that is in a playable state, yet may not have all its technical issues sorted out. Features are all available--all game modes--while they may not be finalized. Games in this section are cautious recommendations to buy, so you should check the updates.4: A game that is in a playable state, technically competent, and has enough content to be worthy of purchasing right now. Features are all accounted for and the updates for the game are frequent enough to not discourage cautious buyers. Of course, the timing of these updates should be with respect to the size of the development team.5: A game that could be considered finished. It is in the final stages of development with balancing and other last minute changes to be resolved to be fit for release.Simple/Personal Rating: 2/5. (More personal than objective.)To CroTeam's credit, they do tell people not to buy into SS:R right now unless you want to test out their servers or get early into the game. But I don't understand why they put this through EA to begin with if they had nothing new besides the mutliplayer.Detailed Rating: 11/20 or 55% (Buy the HD version of The Second Encounter, which comes with The First Episode levels, to play with friends.)Content: 3(?)/5This is an odd thing to state because the game does and doens't have all its content. In one sense, it does have enough to warrant a purchase if you don't own the first two encounters, all of the First and Second encounter are present. And it does have a revamped multiplayer to satiate old-school players.The final expansion is still not going to be released anytime soon, which besides the updated engine and the 64 player cooperative mode, was the only thing I was interested in playing.Quality: 3/5This game plays as good as the classic/HD games.I marked this down several points not because of the low textures from the classic games which were improved with both HD games. The reason is because they didn't improve the technical faults of the original games.Most notably, the sound limitations of the original game. Enemies' sound effects do not tell you where their location is, the one major flaw of the classic games when it came to hordes of Kleers and the suicide-bomb runners.Optimization: 4/5For single-player and local multiplayer purposes, the game runs just fine. I've read on the forums that servers can be a pain to get working properly and have issues for some people.Productivity: 1/5This product won't be finished anytime soon. CroTeam made this into a fan-project, which I am happy in one sense for them to support a classic series, yet I fail to see any reason to buy this product anytime soon unless they add in the new campaign. (I'll look forward to Serious Sam 4.)"
,Not Recommended,227780,22624740,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,blogsg1,"Looks like the serious fans (current devs) still aren't  serious enough no new campaign 2 years later wtf looks like if you're  after something more serious then seriously move long this way.--------------------->P.s hd remake is so much better ,that's  right i said it............"
76561198020642139,Not Recommended,227780,14976975,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,RocketMan,This is not a good as the 1st and 2nd HD Encounters. Some of the levels and graphics have been watered down. The brand new campaign is still not available after almost a year. Disappointing!
,Not Recommended,227780,15390211,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Artfey,bugged♥♥♥♥♥♥where half of the achievements don't count
,Recommended,227780,32008269,Posted: 27 May,all,roblox is my city,the story of how i own thisday 1YEEEY I BOT DIGR ONLINoh wait it doesnt work so i get refuundday 2i get my refund back and i go AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAthen i think serious samthen i buy itthen OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I HAV FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNthen i get ambushed by 2000000 billion kamikazesand i surviveserious sam/10 would get ambushed again
,Not Recommended,227780,31786343,Posted: 16 May,all,Verdantil,"Tags: 1PS - First Person ShooterAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Same basic concept as Serious Sam Fusion. But using an older engine and community driven. This one is still in early access and is getting fast surpassed by the new official version. From what I read in the forums does not yet (may not have) directional gravity, and does not support the (currently unfinished) community made campaign.It covers all the same content, even up to serious sam 3 now with a recent update. So go play that insteadFor decluttering reasons I will therefore hide Serious Sam Classics: Revolution from library. Thanking the community for all their hard workhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/564310/Serious_Sam_Fusion_2017_beta/"
,Not Recommended,227780,28822159,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MadTom,"This one is yet another nightmare for Achievement Nerds. Just checkout how to get ""I am Ugh-Zan"", and you will see."
,Not Recommended,227780,12086011,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TR4N1X,"Classic serious sam with all it's glory+ more new stuff.It's and exciting project which is aimed to enhance the classic experience,and support it with new modes and such.As it's in a early access stage,the game is not yet complete which raises negative opinions and comments about it,naturally.But to be honest,releasing a stand alone title by some developers and contributors is not the real solution for the decreasing popularity of the game.This should have been OFFICALLY SUPPORTED/APPLIED AUTOMATICALLY to SS:TSE/TFE by the Croteam to make it more accesible.By doing that they will allow the Revolution to be supported continueously and effectively.I highly doubt this game will be popular as Classics were back in the day,but I whole heartedly hope it to be so.TL:DR:The game you'll love as you did Classics,but is not enough to be released as a stand alone game. Give it a try if you have the money/will to."
,Not Recommended,227780,12531383,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mynameislol,"Multiplayer doesn't seem to be working, there's only about 4 servers, so i guess that it's not just me. For now, i can't really recommend it, but everything else is working fine.27th of March, 2016, and multiplayer STILL DOESN'T WORK!Waiting for Server, Connection Timeout,INvalid DIFF streams, Failed To Connect, UDP issues, if you want to play multiplayer, just play classic serious sam."
,Not Recommended,227780,10215364,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,кefir,Just First and Second Encounter HD with Workshop..
,Not Recommended,227780,10015102,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Meh.  Not much difference.  It's at least free if you own the other version...
,Not Recommended,227780,10087532,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,★raz!™,"Redundancy award 2014, and the whole decade :PUpdate: Since people didn't like my review heres an update. I played this game for a while now (about 30 hours) and it's still my honest opinion that it has nothing added that is even close to worth playing this game. The single player campaign is identical to the hd version, i don't see any point in playing it with worse graphics one more time.Yes, the graphics are really, really bad. I'm not a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ but in this case, since there is an hd update for this game, i won't take my critics back.Most of the achievements are like the ones in the hd version, most of the new achievements are just about ""waste time doing something stupid"" (mess with the gravity for xx hours, kill xxxxx enemies).The achievements are quite unlockable because noones playing this game, you hardly find 2 or 3 players on a server which makes you spend more time finding a proper game than actually playing it.The worst part is the poor netcode. There's no point in playing a co-op multiplayer game with such a crappy netcode, this makes the game totally unplayable for me. I'm sure you noticed the rubberbanding in deathmatch games too. And i'm sure you noticed that the guy who runs the server ALWAYS wins.The new weapons are quite useless, maybe the mine-layer makes sense in capture the flag.Guys, just get the hd version, it's a proper, good looking and smooth running game."
,Not Recommended,227780,9999122,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,PoisonZ,"Why recicle a game from almost 15 years ago? You have been done this thing with the HD version.. So why do this again? The servers are laggy, unbalanced weapons.. If you don't have recieved this game for free, keep you money inside the wallet."
,Recommended,227780,18781685,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Alienmario,"This is awesome distraction-free classic FPS shooter. Just pick your best weapon and fire. It has no annoying components unlike some modern shooters and is a smooth ride from start to the end.Includes full online working coop and great survival mode (just could use more players).Buying this while 90% off sale is a no-brainer, plus you get the 2 original games too."
,Recommended,227780,19400719,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Meu nomé Zé Pikenu73,"It's some of the most fun I had in a co-op game online. It's amazing the way Serious Sam has hold up more than 10 years after its release, and the new textures and particles help to welcome newcomers and old fans alike. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,227780,19342155,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lewicowa Zabawka,"Really good Serious sam game it comes with Second and first Encounter as bonus, Revolutions itself is really good slightly modifed multiplayer with survival modę and of course, reugular campaing from both classic parts with option to change HUD to Revolutions one, classic or that fancy XBrick 360 one. Revolutions support Steam Workshop so you can easy instal both single or multiplayer mods.8/10"
,Recommended,227780,10302479,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BRAINDEAD,"bit buggy atm look foward to playing it, shame you cant unpause"
,Recommended,227780,10046303,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Raptorman,"I don't really see the point of remaking serious sam tfe and tse since it's it was already remade few years ago with serious engine 3. but the game itself it's very good, there are no major glitches or bugs, and it even supports resolutions up to 1920x1080, and they added workshop too which it's pretty neat. 8\10"
,Recommended,227780,10056403,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,robotman5,Combins both Encounters plus has steamworks so we can play online with friends much easier now! (bye bye gamespy!) brings back alot of memories! I would recommand picking this up! (it seems like you will get both classic serious sam encounter games if you buy this!).
,Recommended,227780,10058328,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,$mall Ricky in a Big Blue World,"This is one of the most bada$$ characters I know in any video game. But now I can play this game with the graphics cranked up and the first and second game packed in one :O!!! Idk why the original games are $94.99 right now, but I do know that this one is a great price for a trucking amazing game."
,Recommended,227780,10067783,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,"Dr. N, Geener","lets see... serious same classics: revolution, not much to say here really, you get your first and second episode here, it looks a bit better than the original, same engine, but looks better, mod support, steam workshop, and seeing that i got the game free because i had both the classic games before this, i would have payed to get this. the only thing this needs now is the funny blood options and this will be good to go!"
,Recommended,227780,11323065,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ÍɳƙḤêḁrṯ,"Great graphical improvements, lots of extra content, smooth at mostly all times, and a cheap price."
,Recommended,227780,11883786,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Obese Daemon,"Loved all of the serious sam series from the day i got my hand on the first game, have always been great fun to play solo or with friends and this recreation is going well. being early access it's currently not much other than a remake and redo of the original but with promises made and hopefully to be kept it could turn into something great.Recommened to any serious sam fans even if to just get the older games to bring back those memories."
,Recommended,227780,29522999,Posted: 27 January,all,fя0zєИ^G,Contains Serious Sam: The First Encounter and The Second Encounter. And a fan made game. Great price for these games. Totally recommend.
,Recommended,227780,17261525,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,BecomeLikeShui,"Good old shoot em up horde style FPS. If you were an FPSer back in the early 2000's, you would know about Serious Sam. Started as a tech demo and soon blew up into it's own series, Serious Sam chronicles the story of Sam ""Serious"" Stone as he fights the other worldly foe known as ""Mental"". He goes back in time to fight his way through hordes of Mental's minions to save planet earth's future from total destruction. You pick up an arsenal of sweet and GIANT weapons and fight your way through various periods in earth's history to save plaent from mentals grasp. This version of Serious Sam is titled ""Revolution"" and packs both encounter's plus workshop support and also promises new episodes and loads of new maps made by players and the revival team. So, never heard of it? Love Mindless killing? Played it a million times? Whatever way you cut it, BUY THIS VERSION AND KICK SOME ALIEN♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,227780,17160194,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,÷±‡ⓕⓡⓞⓢⓣ‡±÷,"started plang ss when i was a kid, still love it , i play the game every year just to remind myself how good this game is,i reccomend this game !!!  now its my family tradition where we all play the serious sam trilogy every year! just love it"
,Recommended,227780,16724186,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,weeb,"The best game ever!Played it in 2005, had a freaking blast with it.Had no fun like this with any other game.5 Euro for 2 games+new content and multiplayer is just a steal."
,Recommended,227780,16701381,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,VI VON ZULUL,Simply one of best run'n'shoot games out there on PC. A must-get.
,Recommended,227780,16952550,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,t850terminator,Sam is very serious.
,Recommended,227780,18740997,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WhiteKnife,"Sam, I am."
,Recommended,227780,18524922,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[fiи]minipasila,It's ok.
76561198110211145,Recommended,227780,16528154,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,VALERA,Игра невероятно крута!!! Покупайте не пожалеете))) советую поставить Xbox Mod в мастерской
,Recommended,227780,18667271,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Regyper,"♥ This Dragon approves this game ♥Firstly having these games for 5 € is just a SIN FROM CROTEAM, its one of the best games from before and it still is silly today, i think this price is too low for having both encounters + Revolution as a Early Access with some Mutators ?♥ The game runs fluently and i haven´t noticed any delay in spawnings♥ It´s not demanding so even if you play it on calculator you could play this game♥ If you even once graced Serious Sam world this is just too god to pass on with the old enemys and punsThings Noticable:♥ There is a slight tweak in weapons they are the same but there is a small tweak to damage i sense and i think its ballanced cause i dont need to run around just with the Laser gun out and go ""Pew Pew Pew"" grabbign Ammo Packs♥ The mobs are a bit tougher here, they kinda have a diffrent movement pattern, mostly the same but some of them do actually inteligent things, like kamikaze´s get stuck but now they get stuck and don´t move until your in their sight line or are REALLY REALLY CLOSE so they ambush preety effectivly♥ What used to be Serious is now Normal difficulty, even i used to play on Mental before and now i havep problems on Normal, so these tweaks actually made me try to become a bit more addaptive< / 3  dissapointed at the Plasma riffles damage, the colt does more damage than the soggy rifle♥ Still Serious as always ♥I would Reccomend this to all people who love to get some nostalgic value, FPS that want to have fun, Multyplayer madness of a game and all of my Friends, cause really 5 € is no excuse not to get this toy of a game to have a laugh at it."
,Recommended,227780,11073260,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Fibs,Dead as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227780,18794433,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Preciso comprar Cuphead,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa Yourself
,Recommended,227780,18241532,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Spooked,"Ever feel like Serious Sam HD was a little bit too much HD? Then get this, It's as simple as that."
,Recommended,227780,17893669,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The Mammalizer,"Positives:Updated graphicsGreat valueLots of workshop supportLots of ingame option e.g. Fire rate, FOV...Negitives:Game breaking glitches sometimesNot enough people onlineThis is a good game. I think it would benifit if more people knew that."
76561198108377870,Recommended,227780,17577050,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Box_Whiff_An_X,Just play on the asteroid map and rocket jump while running or get hit by an asteroid. Become a Sam-iliteAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/10
,Recommended,227780,17562492,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Neo The Aika,"I would recommend this to anyone who wants to experience the original Serious Sam with HD support, better networking and multiplayer, a modding workshop and improved performance. SS: Revolution brings both the First and Second encounters together into one game, which are now just different chapters in the menu. You can play multiplayer with people that have the original Second Encounter, but not TFE. Serious Engine 1.0 has been tweaked and reworked to improve performance and compatibility, and the map design is crazy, for example one deathmatch map is a small village, and a village that is turned up 90 degrees and you can just walk onto the side and you're on the wall/floor of the other village.There's also controller support."
,Recommended,227780,17585081,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Raven,best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197996069079,Recommended,227780,11086058,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,simon_fury,"SUPERFUN!!! As any game should be. My favorite part is when you have dozens of headless kamikaze screamming and running your way!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! BOOOM!!! eh, eh, eh !"
,Recommended,227780,10597373,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Joonbuhg_Jenkins,I definitely recommend this game! I'm glad that they are making the classic Serious Sam games compatible with the Steam Workshop and giving them a fresh update. I do like the new guns they've added so far and the Spaceball survival map is a must-play. I always have been a huge fan of the Serious Sam franchise.
76561198056802346,Recommended,227780,10432216,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Mlembrant,"Yes! I knew it will come back, it's a legend! Fast paced, with tons of monsters, shooting and blood splats and when you shoot something and it explodes there'll be like chunks of meat of size of a car that don't fit to any body part of anything that's in the game, lots of places to explore, amazing huge levels, tons of monsters and tons of monstes, shooting you know, monsters, it's huge! and it has a split-screen... i remember when i was teenager playing this with my friend, it was awesome back then and it's awesome now and it will stay that way until the end of the universe. 10/10"
,Recommended,227780,13853563,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,大きなお父さんの陰茎,"Compilation of the best parts in Serious Sam, with a sweet bonus on top. Totally recommend, it's like to open my childhood again in new resolution."
,Recommended,227780,13881052,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BONE PARTY,This is amazing. It has the first encounter and the second encounter plus a few additional maps. The multiplayer is not on gamespy so you can actually play online without any need of doing tricks with gameranger and hamachi. There is content made by the community and most of the times its great content. Overall its a great game. The only difference between the original encounters and ''Revolution'' is that there are a few new weapons and a bit changed hud. There are no flaws that I have yet experienced and I've only seen good things! More video settings which means no more limit in playing only in 1024x768! I completely recommend buying this!
,Recommended,227780,13923354,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dat Boi,"I love Serious Sam, but this is damn near impossible to play online... Ping is always 300+"
,Recommended,227780,13188067,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SpazzKhidd,"I was lucky enough to snag this for $1.99. That is an amzingly good deal for the content and this brought me back to the days when this first came out and it was one of my favorite games. If your friend buy this, it's super easier to connect and play together and you'll have so much fun doing so!"
,Recommended,227780,13228777,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Maurice,"Serious Sam Classics: Revolutions is a game that not only enables you to play both Serious Sam encounters in the same game window, it also adds support for widescreen monitors (which the standalone classics lacked), fixed a few bugs with mouse aiming, while also keeping the classic graphics so that even people with bad PCs (including myself) can play with these fixes.I truly recommend this if you are having problems with the standalone episodes, and hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
,Recommended,227780,15204334,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DStress,"A very good game,i like it very much."
,Recommended,227780,15192622,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Colinox,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOI Love the Fan Updates.
,Recommended,227780,13320035,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Mudcrab,Serious Sam is one of my favorite shooter series that never seems to fail on delivery...well aside from the second game but thats beside the point. What you get here is an excellent project made by people who actually enjoy the series and its very refreshing to see devs who give a crap about their community. Keep up the good work guys I know you can do no harm.
,Recommended,227780,14137674,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,sky prototype,you get the game for free if you had serious sam first and second encounter so i got it bassically as soon as it came out and it is defiently worth the money
,Recommended,227780,14247732,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sweet Crap,This is exactly what I'm talkin' about ALPHA version of a game! There are no HUGE bugs or glitches... And developers are actually updating the content and I can see the progress. So I don't think you would waste your money if you support the game. I love it and I REALLY hope to see the final version of the game soon.
,Recommended,227780,13608063,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PocziOli,"Serious Sam is a game that you definitely need to try out. This game can give you the most important thing that many modern games can't. It's satisfaction. After beating a hard level and kicking countless enemies' asses, you really feel that you accomplished something. All in all, I think that's what games are for. Considering that you get two full games with updated content for this price, calling it a bargain is not even close."
76561198061910595,Recommended,227780,13594302,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,broccoli,The memories tho
76561198126975019,Recommended,227780,19766998,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"Welp this game showed up one day in my library, and as i say this i must say im quite terrified.Anywho, the games are great, this are the classic Serious Sam games, my guess is that i got them because the developers noticed i own the vast majority of Serious Sam related games, all in the series, as far as im concern, i think the only one im missing it's the one from the makers of Nuclear Throne, either way the games are amazing, i mean this are the games that gave Serious Sam a title in videogame history, and in my opinion games that need to be played by everyone, they're that good, and this is not only me that's speaking, you can tell that from the sequels, or the amass of fans that this series has gained over the past couple of years, it's a game that has stand the test of time, it's a great experience and a challenging one at that, definetley a couple of my favorite games of all time, it's like a mixture between Painkiller, and Duke Nukem, the humor, the atmosphere, the levels, the weapons, the one-liners, everything just really blends well together, a must have in my humble opinion."
,Recommended,227780,19684539,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sh✪✪ting Star,Very good
76561198004508575,Recommended,227780,10713663,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MajorPewPew,"Buy this, tons of enemies and fast action!!Survival mode is really cool."
,Recommended,227780,10624784,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Han,It´s a freaking serious revolution
,Recommended,227780,12407382,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,FlaTh,"So, I just exploded a horde of headless bomb-men with a shotgun. How cooler can it get?The only flaw to this game would be the OST, until now at least. I miss heavy metal here."
76561197964451377,Recommended,227780,27062214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kuugen,AAAAAAAAAAA!Its a good game
,Recommended,227780,26846505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,idunno,actually a really good game enjoy lads
76561198005059568,Recommended,227780,26892756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moesf,Good game wowee
,Recommended,227780,25614546,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[DFS] Turdomino,"For this Duke Nukem clone back in the day, Crotream really thinked big. Big Maps, Legions of enemies, lots of weapons, lots of fun."
76561198027873867,Recommended,227780,25629858,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,"Serious Sam, if you don't know by now, is a crazy FPS game where hundreds of monsters relentlessly try to kill you until you kill them. It's fun. Play it."
76561198041303203,Recommended,227780,24076923,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Olecsandr,Nostalgia great action games))
,Recommended,227780,22625479,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TTechno,Choo choo! All aboard the nostalgia train!
,Recommended,227780,24272016,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sheb,Very  Good Game Buy it
,Recommended,227780,21299197,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,J33F,This game is so awesome I recomand trying it and also never pick up +1hp pill
,Recommended,227780,24145197,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jão,Get ready for battle compilation with achievements
76561198076783912,Recommended,227780,17588700,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hardhat,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAyourself
,Recommended,227780,32808375,Posted: 26 June,all,Farsitone64,"BasicallySerious Sam Fusionbut for the Serious Engine 1 games.  Seems like it hasn't been updated in a while, which is unfortunate, but the devs might pick up on it again.Recommended because it comes withThe First EncounterandThe Second Encounter-- which are great -- and because it has Workshop support.  Buy it if your computer's too weak for the HD remakes, or if you want to play mods, or if you like the old look of the games better than HD, or if you just want to pad your Library.I could review the games themselves, but I haven't playedThe Second Encounterin quite a while, which is unfortunate, because it is quite good, as I remember.  I could reviewThe First Encounter, though, but I might not because it's almost 03:00 and I'm tired and lazy.  You didn't need to know these things, but now you do.  In a few years from now, some random event or lingering thought will remind you of the moment when you read a review that told you what time it was then went on to predict the act of you remembering it.  You will find it spooky, but not enough to really care.  Have a nice day."
,Recommended,227780,32917910,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Heartseeker,Playing the campaign together with friends just makes this game more serious.
,Recommended,227780,32921109,Posted: 28 June,all,D0cT3r,fun game!first one is bit boring but second one is amazing.if you like shooting games go on buy this
,Recommended,227780,32647175,Posted: 22 June,all,Thoroughbred Aryan Loli,"The power of Ancient Egyptians God will be revealed to you, but only if you BBAAAAAAAAAY this game."
,Recommended,227780,32747002,Posted: 24 June,all,spry,Single- and multiplayer survival game+ Fun game with hours upon hours of gameplay+ Includes multiplayer+ Nice soundtrack+ Challenging- Can get repetetive over time
76561198215627763,Recommended,227780,32784442,Posted: 25 June,all,The Bad Guy,difrent and original
,Recommended,227780,33016265,Posted: 29 June,all,[SNL] spike5051,"I love collecting big guns! I love playing games! I love playing with fire! I love pulling switches!....not. Well, I do love to party but I don't like to clean up the mess."
,Recommended,227780,33082798,Posted: 1 July,all,vilzu2,"Serious Sam Classics: Revolution = First Encounter + Second Encounter + moreAt first I thought this game would be some kind of mix of the first two games with some extra but you can literally play them in order.Easy in this is the same as hard in the 3rd game. More or less.Some people don't like this game due to the lack of ""story"" but for me, completing levels and having some sort of destination is O-K.I wouldn't say the graphics have aged well but for someone who got into the series just by playing 5 minutes of the 3rd game, I really don't care."
76561198079078159,Recommended,227780,17484859,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AltorBG,It's back on track and progress is being made!I hope that by the end of the year this will be the definitive way of playing Serious Sam Classic.
,Recommended,227780,21696915,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Serious Shacks,"I Purchased this game not too long ago and I am surprised of all you can do in Revolution. From all the deathmatch modes and maps to the new survival which I am very impressed plus the co-op, is  good with minimal lag. And not to mention it comes with The First and Second Encounter classic free with it, very good bundle and price. Overall this is a must have if your a Serious Sam fan.Very fun game and I recommend it to Everyone. :)"
,Recommended,227780,22781253,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,Great little remake of the original encounters. Updated nicely and works well. Most definitely looking forward to future updates on this one 7/10
,Recommended,227780,22752809,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Loko_Dragon27,"i love this game but can u guys fix it??? cuz when i play in some custom made map from the the steam workshop like the hidden city or whatever the name was .. but anyways i lag on that map and when i play the main mission wich is egypt , at the part where i get to the suburbs it crashes... can u please help me and fix this plzz"
,Recommended,227780,14607727,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Slender Kiu,good to try both classic content
76561197962213122,Recommended,227780,20256374,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BrUtAl_DeLuXe,"Its a fun old fashioned shooter, it makes no sense at times where the enemies spawn it can be in a room you just cleared or even right behind if you pick up an item so it keeps you on your toes as you never really feel safe.  I hadn’t had as much fun with an FPS for quite a while (COD's have put me off FPS past few years) so if you can leave your brain at the door  you will have a blast with some BFG's.  The graphics do the job well its sort of like a new age doom, well worth 20 times what i paid in the sale"
,Recommended,227780,20863002,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,achievement187,its ok
,Recommended,227780,21688713,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Whitias,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fgpPcTjBAM
,Recommended,227780,21735071,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,hot.wheels37,"A mindless shooter, but a good one."
,Recommended,227780,20307323,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Vitkoxy _ M A G A,This game has headless suicide bombers and scorpions with machineguns.I remember being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of them when I was a kid. Sweet revenge....10/10
,Recommended,227780,20476147,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,peacebit,How did I get this game?
,Recommended,227780,20019433,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,nuclearunicorn7,FOV slider contains a TB reference. Better than Civ 5 with the Brave New World expac
,Recommended,227780,20036006,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Цепеш,"I have played Serious Sam ever since I was a kid, and this version sure takes me back! Works impecably and looks really nice! Definitely worth to buy (don't mind the ""early access"" label because it is damn good).P.S. Wait for a sale, the price will drop to a mere 0,49EUR which is a steal!"
,Recommended,227780,19964648,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Toxa,"This is seriously serious game, if you play it you are serious better stop play other games and get some serious skill on serious game, just do it be serious."
,Recommended,227780,20156171,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Doctor,This game is amazing.I got this for 0.49 and it was worth it.Pros:-Both first and second enconter at a small price-Better graffics on the Revolution(with has both encounters)-You can edit the game with in menu and steam workshop-Can play co-op with friendsCons-You can get this for free is you own both encounters(not worth buying them)-Steam workshop is not that big-Buy this if its cheap.5€ its ok but you can get this cheaper9/10 its really good and i enjoy it
,Recommended,227780,21398115,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ヅライヒープ,"Balls-to-the-wall, unrelenting, classic shooter. Buy this if you like FPS's. Serious Sam: Revolution brings both Serious Sam: The First Encounter and Serious Sam: The Second Encounter back to life with multiplayer support and added optimization features. This is a game you will not forget."
76561198080569825,Recommended,227780,23763355,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Liviu222,is serious sam the first encounter and serious sam the second encounter with workshop on steam awsome but is a bit clunky 7/10
,Recommended,227780,30175784,Posted: 25 February,all,YoshiWave,This is a great game and its updated daily this is one of the only early access games id trust to not steal my money.
,Recommended,227780,30224832,Posted: 27 February,all,simen stroblo,gr8 experience som featcher sare mising but its fine for now i am just waiting for the game to get out of early access beta so it is good for noe i like it it is a gr8 kalback to the older games if you like the other serius sam games you will like this 8/10
76561198067706021,Recommended,227780,30361509,Posted: 6 March,all,GameCrasher,Classic mouse bashing shooter as its best!For all who loved Serious Sam First and Second Encounter will also love this game.Its a remake of BOTH titles with all the things you know but with steam achievments and it must have a little bit better graphics as the original version.It is still early access but I never encountered a bug or crash. So it is really playable. :)It also has a multiplayer.
,Recommended,227780,31473328,Posted: 30 April,all,Starcaptain10,"$10 for entire first and second encounter, new multiplayer modes and content, working servers, engine update, and if you hate all that is new and better; you get the original versions too."
76561198102012146,Recommended,227780,31663126,Posted: 10 May,all,Capra Demon,That is a backpack and some health conviniently set in the center of this spaceous room.... And a huge door at the end....*sigh* Ok how many kleers this time.....
76561198040327907,Recommended,227780,31667142,Posted: 10 May,all,Etrius,is very niiice! i like!
76561198161454225,Recommended,227780,31690108,Posted: 11 May,all,DungeonHero,"Challenging and addictive, these games are an absolute treasure, I'd recommend this game to any fan of the FPS genre. Next to the HD remakes, this is the best way to play these games."
,Recommended,227780,30714196,Posted: 24 March,all,Near,-Buys the complete series-Downloads this game first-Installs the Xbox Hud mod-Get a wave of flashbacks-Install some custom levels-Enjoy them10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,227780,27998316,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bathy Salts,"Serious Sam First And Second Encounter Together With Steamworks And Workshop Integration, Usually On Sale For Dirt Cheap! Definitely Worth The Purchase!COOP SUPPORTED"
76561198013570799,Recommended,227780,10004698,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,NäkliS,"As a fan of Serious Sam -series this doesn't bring much more, but what it does bring is two awesome games all in one. I highly suggest trying this game, awesome action with ancient themed landscapes. One of my favorite games of all time, hands down."
76561198008226948,Recommended,227780,22541336,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,tronstar2005,it is aparent that thease dev's care about qualty and the gamers that play this game. (update) i ran the game just now and i'am inprest the game has inpoved alot and is alot smother.  after playing this game a little bit last night this game runs not just alot better but it is runing like a HD triple a grade qualty game. dev's keep up with the good work.
,Recommended,227780,28742039,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,alexandru_vlad21,Prettz solid version of the first two Serious Sam games.
,Recommended,227780,28724392,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Anime is for faggots,I can only recommend.
,Recommended,227780,23927168,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,C4ctUsJ4cKzZz,..
,Recommended,227780,23906003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,You just got NaE nAe'd,oh i found a health kit. finnalyOH♥♥♥♥♥♥3000 ENEMIES AND MOST OF THEM ARE INVISIBLE AHGH
,Recommended,227780,23813828,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Baaron,"I havn't really played much of this but I've played alot of the originals. Basically, this is Serious Sam so there isn't a reason not to buy it. I did have a bit of an issue with split screen if anyone could help with that."
,Recommended,227780,23437307,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＢＡＴＨ,the ♥♥♥♥ are they doing with this game?
76561198055629534,Recommended,227780,32403238,Posted: 13 June,all,Chicken_Wang,"Serious Sam First and Second Encounter are great games and with Revolution gives you two great looking HD remasters of both Encounters as well as their classic versions. It also comes with a cool level builder that can allow anyone to easily make their own levels and share them. And of course, Co-oP in this game is a blast. The guys responsible for Revolution are doing a great job with these games so far and that makes me happy.If you haven't played Serious Sam, get this. You're missing out on one of the craziest, fast-paced, hard-core shooters out there."
,Recommended,227780,28494512,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yes,classic ))))
,Recommended,227780,32276800,Posted: 8 June,all,Endzeit,FUN
,Recommended,227780,33009097,Posted: 29 June,all,rogg,"Was going to get the HD remasters especially since Fusion is now a thing but i wanted other games during the sale too, so I compromised with this.Since I personally don't mind the original graphics (plus this makes the games run in widescreen, which is a godsend), I don't really feel like i miss the Hd visuals all too much (though they do look nice), plus that means I can run this on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ secondary PC if i ever need to (basically a netbook).Plus workshop and mods. I guess this game is dead but for a buck compared to the HD version summer sale prices i couldn't go wrong.If you are Serious about this series, then just get the franchise pack for $8. But since i already own the third game (don't like it too much) and just wanted to play the originals while still having room for other games, this was a must-buy for me.I will probably buy the HD versions sometime though because they look quite nice."
,Recommended,227780,32996533,Posted: 29 June,all,K.M.T,Get it on sale!
,Not Recommended,227780,25593118,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Pretty Good,"Don't waste your time, this has been abandoned."
,Recommended,227780,27869619,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Schrotflinte12,"This game is all about shooting monsters with awesome, big and destructive guns while you are walking through the beautiful landscapes of Ancient Egypt, Mayan Civilization, Persian Empire and Medieval Europe.The game features over 25 levels, where you can find a lot of secrets.Serious Sam is an old-school game, this means that you fight without cover against serious masses of enemies. There can be over 100+ enemies rushing towards you! To stop them, you get to fight with a minigun, a laser, a cannon and many more weapons!You can also choose to play with other players together or play against them in some serious deatmatch.Serious Sam Revolution merged the two original games The first Encounter and The second Encounter into one game. It also features more weapons, secrets, monsters and gamemodes.Positive:- Tons of enemies, weapons and levels.- Modding support.- Singleplay, co-op, versus modes.- Support for modern computers.- Still great graphics for such an old game.- 10h of serious destruction!- Leaderboards.- Ongoing support by the developers, though it's slow....aaannnddd it features both original games (Serious Sam TFE Classic and the Second Encounter Classic) too!Negative:- There are some bugs.- Multiplayer doesnt have many players.- Savegames are broken after each update. (You can still load them, you need to enable this in the options menu.)- Will probably still remain some time in early access...TL;DR:You fight monsters with big guns in a lot of levels. There's no cover, just you against them.Time to get SERIOUS!"
