user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198024014284,Not Recommended,227860,8650112,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Tanchyon,"Fraud and LiesOK I know that the mods are keeping a tight leash on the forums here and they are shutting down everything that is pointing out the truth so I am going lash out and hope that a few people see this before it gets locked or myself banned like many others have before.There are a lot of Early Access games on steam. Most of them have a capable and dedicated development team behind them. We all know this, we are all playing their games. We know what to expect from Alphas, Betas, Early Access etc etc. And this isn't it. This game has changed very very little for more than a year now. And they are still taking peoples money for it.The people that originally backed this game are for the most part gone - they check in every few months hoping that something has changed but it hasn't. At this stage the only people that are happy with this game are those that have recently bought it in the last couple of months and don't know that a patch isn't 'just around the corner', and those that are friends with the devs who jump on every negative review and defend it with the usual ""Alpha"", ""Early Access"", or ""refactoring"" excuses.We aren't stupid. We have played plenty of Early Access games before. They all need to be refactored a couple of times during their development as the scope of the interest in the game increases. All the early access games we are playing are doing the same. Castle Story is NOT unique in this.The devs just use refactoring as an excuse for having not produced anything notable for more than a year. This is rubbish. They have accumulated near enough to a million dollars to work on this project and all they do is stall.I know there are a lot of others out there that are just as fed up with this rubbish, and I hope it serves as a lesson to everyone to be very careful as to what they back with Early Access games. There a plenty of good ones out the with dedicated developers, but there are also a few rotten eggs.I'd like to hear from everyone that has been through the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e and all those that were banned for speaking out about this, but I know they probably have given up on this game plus anyway it won't be long before this thread is locked down and removed anyway. I feel sorry for everyone that wasted their money - I had hoped for something special too."
,Not Recommended,227860,9770207,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Delfofthebla,Might be worth buying in 4 years when they release a content update.
76561197969424623,Not Recommended,227860,11978417,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Jackal,"I foolishly paid money for this game when it first came out on steam, in the two years since then they have done nothing of note to the actual game. They've been to PAX east, they've ordered in Castle Story T-shirts and Castle Story plushies, they've hired bearded men to make videos of people looking busy, they've deleted my posts on their youtube videos and they've deleted my posts on the community hub and banned me from posting there again, they've got new gaming rigs, they've painted the walls of their office with a cool Castle Story mural, they've been out in the woods making noises, they've played Magicite, once again what they HAVEN'T done is anything of note to the game itself.The game in its current state is ""OK"" for a buggy unfinished alpha, not much content to speak of, certainly not worth £14.99. These developers sold everyone a pack of lies and hired people to censor out anyone that calls them out on their unethical, thieving and unprofessional behaviour. I can think of many games that have far more content and regular updates and better developers (in terms of listening to and communicating with the community) that cost far less. An example of their lying can be found in the trailer, you are led to believe that there are two types of enemies, it shows a larger corruptron throwing rocks at the castle. This is an outright lie, there is no such thing in the game. The only other game I can think of recently with this kind of unethical misrepresentation of the product is War Z with its crawling zombies in the trailer.The future for Castle Story is bleak, most people who were going to buy it have already bought it long ago when it first came to steam, since then the developers have completely failed to deliver. Any criticism of their unprofessional behaviour by the community is ignored or censored. They have all the money they're going to get so there is simply no more reason to work on the game any further. Instead they are hiring more and more staff to sell it to people on the internet and make promises that will never be kept to create the illusion that they are still working on the game.I expect that in time they will change the name of the game as War Z did to squeeze out those last few sales before it is consigned to the dustbin of history as yet another kickstarter project that made the devs very rich but utterly failed to deliver on its promises.Do not give these unethical, thieving and unprofessional developers any of your money, to do so would encourage others to follow their lead."
,Not Recommended,227860,8494566,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ripperljohn,Not finished enough to cost this much.Come back later!EDIT: It's been nearly 2 years since my first review - it hasn't changed.What a shame!
,Not Recommended,227860,8640202,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,-=OsMoS=-,"When it was Pre-Alpha, there were bugs, when it became alpha, they didnt fix them, when it became beta, they added content like they kept doing and doing, without fixing the bugs. What are the bugs? A pack of workers will eventually stop working and saturate at the point it can only walk around and stare... Basically sumtimes you can't play, or it just stops working all of a sudden or you end up with eiter 1 or two workers that didnt glitch, whom are still working while the other 3 or 4 are idle forever. That makes it hard as hell, impossible long to build things and pretty boring.If only the producers wouldve fix the bugs instead of adding content..."
76561197973497258,Not Recommended,227860,12419259,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Omni81,"DO NOT BUY! Sauropod studios are run by a very small group of inexperienced, unapologetic jerks. If you bought in to this game through kickstarter or early access, they will treat you like crap on the forums.The only thing Castle Story had going for it was the amazing work the Community Manager: Box, was doing. Box would try to give information to you straight, without breaking any of the company rules, which was very difficult to do. Box would always try to break information down to the community and calm people down who were angry about any of the situations. In the end, the company would give Box misleading information and then blame him for giving out any information to the community.One of the primary developers for Castle Story is a dev named Thierry. Thierry has a tendency to berate the community for asking questions. On multiple occasions I've read post by him calling out individuals and virtually yelling at them, or the community in general and blaming them for being impatient. The game has been in development for years now, and there has literally been no visual improvement in over a year.Originally there were weekly updates on what was going on, with an occasional skipping of a week or two. Now there are monthly updates on what is going on. I take that back. There are monthly video blogs about things nobody cares about. These ""monthly"" video blogs have only made it up to the 3rd blog before they seem to have stopped posting them. It has been six weeks since the last video blog, which is probably a good thing, because they're useless information anyway.TL;DR, STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME. The devs will treat you like crap, and blame the community for asking too many questions, the game has been stagnant for over a year. The forums have started seeing posts deleted, and users are getting banned for giving out useful information, and asking real questions respectfully."
,Not Recommended,227860,8108479,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,WhoaMadFrolic,"I know what you're thinking. Surely, right now the game is on sale and you're looking at the reviews to see if the game is worth $12.99-$14.99 because what kind of customer would you be if you didn't?You see some good reviews--""Recommended! Yes! What a great game! Has some work to do, but worth it!"" and so you continue to look, just in case.Then you'll see bad reviews--""Do not recommend! No! Horrible game! Has a ton of work to do, and not worth it!"" You see a couple of these, but you decide you want to make your own decision on the matter.You'll look back at the screen shots, review some videos, and see that the game is hella cute, has a good looking play style, and an interesting concept.You'll ignore the bad reviews and buy the game anyways.You install.The game is beautiful, so it doesn't disappoint on that front.The game is fairly easy to play, so ~30 minutes in, you'll have the controls down for the most part and basic strategies for castle building.After ~1h, you'll get bored of your first castle and start anew, with a different strategy in mind.You'll be fairly successful with your second castle, and you'll have a lot of the mechanics behind the game worked out, making this new castle easier.Now this is where I don't know what you'll do. I, personally, got bored of the second castle. I realized the only thing I can do is expand on my castle with what little land I had (digging/terraforming isn't as easy as it should be, so I wouldn't consider that a feature.) On top of that, building is pretty slow, so that takes a while (gets pretty boring to me pretty fast.) On top of THAT, the AI is still pretty wonky, so the Bricktrons aren't as efficient as they could be.This game has a ton of potential, don't get me wrong. When crafting, new game modes, and just more stuff is added, I'll revisit it. But for now, I wouldn't say this game isn't even worth $10 as it is. Save your money, spend it on a more complete game."
,Not Recommended,227860,13813475,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Torch,"I bought this game about 18 months ago.It was a great concept, and a really fun game to play with knowing that much more content was promised and on the way.I was dissapointed to find out shortly after obtaining the game that they were essentially suspending any new features pending a 'refactoring' in the Unity game engine.  The good news was that once this was done, they were to start pumping out feature and content updates much more quickly, since they were including an improved asset pipeline.That took much more time than their community liason had let on.  The community (other investors in the game) were getting pretty restless.Finally that refactoring was completed.  A patch was released!  Unfortunately, it had little to no impact on the gameplay.  There were some minor stability improvements but no real new features or content.  We were okay with that because of the promise of much more coming more quickly...We were then informed that we were being too impatient, and that no new features or content could be done until they finished working on their internal tools (factories).We were then informed that there would continue to be a suspension of any new features or content while they rewrite the AI engine and the Pathfinding.   No new content could be provided since ""Why would we give you new content if the AI cant figure out what to do with that content""...Of course most users abandoned hope that this would ever be completed.   It had been month after month after month of broken promises.   They eventually ended their relationship with the community liason, citing that he never really spoke for the company, and his promises were unfounded.Now, FINALLY.. version 0.3 has been released!!  (coincidentally timed with a Steam promotion) With the new AI, the new Pathfinding, new lighting effects, a bigger island to work with.Unfortunately, there is still no new content, no new features.   Leading up to a sale on Steam, they put together a nice little video of the new features ..   New AI (Which is worse than the original).. New Lighting (Which is of zero impact on the gameplay).. a bigger island (which is probably among the bottom 2% of necessary changes)..They then 'cleaned' out the user forums of most negative feedback..Unfortunately even after these years of waiting, the new 'version' was even more buggy and had less (YES LESS) features than the original.  The great new AI that was promised could only be 'tested' in a seperate environment, where the feature set was limited, and even that was far worse than the original, very buggy, AI.They started releasing (Very minor) bug fixes almost daily, appeasing many, even though they really only addressed things like difficulty in loading the game, or glitchy graphic artifacts, etc ..  These fixes and patches (0.3.1,  0.3.2,  0.3.3,  0.3.4)  started giving some of us the impression that this past couple of years of unfulfilled and broken promises was at an end and the momentum would finally change.   Unfortunately, although those changes were welcome if only to see that there was actually some level of activity going on..   They were short lived.  4 patches in 5 days.  Then nothing.. again.This game has great potential as a concept.  But if you are considering it.. You would be very well advised to wait until you can read the reviews of the finished game."
,Not Recommended,227860,16411789,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Honest Review┤Review is based on current state of game.Game Pros• Base Building• Resource Gathering• Day/night CycleGame Cons• AI Path finding is horrible• Very slow updates (Hasn't gone far in a years time)• Basic map• Controls are confusing to get used to and are not explained well• Mind numbing• Devs give false promises• Game freezes/Lags/Crashes oftenRelateable Games• N/AConclusionCastle Story has a great concept that has been executed poorly by the developers. It looks almost exactly the same from where it was on Kickstarter before it even came out, and the updates are more like patches. I would not reccomend this game to anyone.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
76561198003991636,Not Recommended,227860,12742652,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,The AdmiraL,"Revised Review:It's been a long almost 3 years since that last review and there was very very little hope in sight. Credit to the developers; they have stuck through the pain and the vitrol and delivered a game that while fun; is also flawed. I've done my best to give a balanced look; as while i can certainly say it is a far better game than when I posted this review in '14; I can also be biased as I have put money against a product that for some time looked like a waste of money.For those wanting a high level view of why there are so many negative reviews; Castle Story initially released on kickstarter; then 2 years of pure re-factoring the game built up a negative image and a burnt community. They've attempted to 'rebuilt' the community as such; but the damage had been done. The name was tarnished but to their credit, they've stuck through it and delivered a game that is fun, but ultimately flawed.The positives is that this is a light hearted castle defense game. It's core 'feature' that draws most people in is the 'invasion' mode. This is something that players have been screaming for ever since Stronghold 1 / Stronghold Crusader. The essense of building your castle and defending it is something that is almost engrained in our blood.Wave after wave of corruptrons to come and destroy your designs and castles. As the game has progressed from '14 to '17; additional monsters were added. Minitrons, a big one that tosses the minitrons, and finally a warlock. While 4 enemy types does sound appealing, there is still that distinct lack of utility with the invaders. Many of them do not force you to change your playstyle, or plan proactively. Adding features (should they continue to) such as wall climbing corruptron or a huge corruptron that throws massive rocks at your walls would most certainly add to the game. The issue moving forward for the developers is to create additional enemies that create that 'siege-like' enemies while sticking with the theme. Still, simply adding these 2x enemies I believe would greatly improve the game.At the same time, while clunky, you are most certainly able to design grand castles and strongholds. The developers have spent a lot of time on the pathfinding and it does show; the AI while still buggy is quite proficient. There are issues with the AI; most certainly the main one is the seeming ability for bricktrons to drop everything they carry and watch all your resources scatter to the four winds - a huge negative in my books.Besides adding enemies and improved pathfinding, the developers have also added in several classes, minor crafting, gems, tunnels, blocks and architectural features. While the list is quite small, the above has most certainly assisted in shifting this game from more of a 'light' hearted castle to defense to something with a bit more 'meat.'The multiplayer is a component I will not review on. I bought this game purely for the single player and I'm more than happy to let others who have experienced multiplayer comment on this.The negative is that the game is still clunky. The UI is poor, blueprints can be a pain and at times the bricktrons break. The game is costed $20, which may also seem quite a high price for what feels like a clunky game. There is a lack of balance in the game, you will find yourself starved of previous resources. The lack of variety in corruptrons can get quite boring, where you are facing the same enemies over and over again. The addition of further enemy types would certainly improve the experience, one that tends to fall flat at times. There is also a lack of content; there is no feeling of being 'overwhelmed' that stronghold offers you when you face gigantic armies and you hide behind your walls.The difficulty is yet to be fully realised and balanced, and many players are caught out by the early invasion timers. The inability to generate additional resources and you eventually starve out of resources is also a problem that hurts the longevity of the game, but by that time you are probably tired of your castle and the same old enemies attacking.Castle Story is a game that still holds terrific potential. Besides the flaws in it's grand design, poor balancing and lack of content, it is only a few addtional features and content away from turning from a fun but average game to something that is a superior product. For Castle Story to fully realise it's potential, it needs further content before the paint of polish.I must add that I do not know the developers. I do not know what their future plans for Castle Story hold. But if this is the game you were hoping for as the second coming of a light version of Stronghold, for now, you will need to seek elsewhere.-----Previous Review: Posted: 2 Nov, 2014 @ 11:14pmNo progress whatsoever.Until that changes, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,227860,10820056,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MechGorilla,"This game looks amazing. The video really made me rush to purchase it. Unfortunately it is a frustrating mess to play. The characters stand around like goons, refuse to follow paths or instructions, and after about 20 minutes of attempting to play they just stop following commands for no reason. I bought it ages ago and it hasn't got any better. The video appears to be a complete fabrication as you can't even mine for long before the Bricktrons glitch and stop responding, never mind build a castle. I couldn't get to any other floating islands, and even navigating the current island wasn't easy. Don't waste your money. This game doesn't appear to be improving at all."
,Not Recommended,227860,9779422,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,The African,"Months, Years...without an update. May be worth the wait, but so far it was a big disapointment. Developers don't care much about anyone's opinion, don't reply to e-mails on their website, I recommend keeping away. I was banned from the community forums for saying my opinion about their game in a polite manner. In years of steam, talking and meeting many developers over time, this is the first time I was treated this way. To me, its a game being developed by teenagers or adults on drugs. I regret so much for supporting this dead game. I don't recommend anyone to buy it. They report personal problems, financial problems, staff problems, all sort of excuses. And nothing is done. But they do go on vacation and are always working...Steam should remove this game as its more of a scam than a product."
,Not Recommended,227860,15784962,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FlyingFoxes,"Brief:Castle Story is my second biggest regrettable pruchase (looking at you, Starforge). This is supposed to be a fun castle builder in the essence of a tower defense game. I feel for the devs, but I can't help but dislike this game.Pros:+Has basic castle building mechanics+Has basic resource mechanics+Has very basic combat mechanicsCons:-Has the dev progress speed of a tortoise.. that doesn't have any legs..-Has a wave game mode with no fast forward.. so slow..-Each 'update' brings very little to the game, they seem to be more 'patches'-Maps (think there are two now) are incredibly boring and feel empty-Enemies are boring, with AI feeling very basic-Friendly AI seem incredibly stupid and struggle with simple tasks-I personally see literally no longevity to the game. It just goes on with no senseof achievement whatsoever"
,Not Recommended,227860,12722984,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tyrac,"This game is the worst example of early access I've seen so far.Other developers manage weekly or monthly updates with real new content, improvements and/or bug fixes; so far all this game got in the lastyearis a tutorial and a pause function."
,Not Recommended,227860,12588632,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Abysswalker,"This game looked awesome and I was excited for it. I bought it early and was disappointed to get a buggy piece of work that is extremely difficult to play. On top of that, they haven't fixed or improved anything on it. Enjoy my money. I didn't enjoy your game."
,Not Recommended,227860,12417487,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Beareaucracy,No real progress has been made on this game since I purchased it over a year ago.
,Not Recommended,227860,14679731,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bombs,"**** DO NOT BUY, DEVELOPMENT IS SO SLOW THAT IS GOING BACKWARDS ****I've bought this game beginning of 2014, since then i was already seeing of a lot of people saying the development was extremely slow, i waited for one entire year, and here is what  i've got:New Textures = New textures, oh my god, now the game is more beautiful but still buggy.New Shaders = Another huge gigantic interstellar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to make game look more 'cute'.New Animations = Makes a couple of animations, games is almost the same♥♥♥♥♥♥New AI System = True, new AI System with new bugs and not polished, fantastic job!New Skybox = Sauropod receives complaints about game being buggy, makes a new skybox, LOL.HDR Lighting = Another visual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tBigger Islands Up to one square KM = Game has issues with saving and bugs over the mechanics. makes the islands bigger!Overall:In one entire year, i saw 10% gameplay development and 90% visual, 1 year ago visuals and animations was pretty good, nobody would complain about the graphics, and instead of working on the mechanics and focusing on what is really important, throws new graphics in a new update, Sauropod, you are a joke.0/10."
76561198054399280,Recommended,227860,32291532,Posted: 9 June,all,GubbLord,"So most people are saying that the devs abandoned this game. However I've been following this game since it was posted on Kickstarter and I for one say that the wait was worth it. Good work takes time, and the devs stream on twitch every friday about their work. Honestly the update that just came out fixes so many bugs and makes the game so much more enjoyable. The updates take a decent amount of time but these devs are very nice and always answer questions and take critisism from their consumers. If you like real-time strategy with base building, I'd say definitely give this game a try, don't let the mixed reviews tell a different story."
,Not Recommended,227860,12630715,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ger0nimo,"The games hasn't had any significant update over a year and it has a small amount of features and a ton of bugs that are really irritating. Also the developers will treat you like crap. They have no respect at all. The game looked promising at the start but I guess it's dead now. DoNOT BUY IT. Seriously, never, unless it gets finished somehow which will probably not gonna happen. EVER."
76561198007299273,Not Recommended,227860,17193895,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Tim,"Now i dont mean to be a downer. I completely understand that there are only a small development team, ect, ect. but i bought this game over a year ago and i havent noticed any changes since i last saw it.I honestly like the concept of this game and i dont mind the early access thing at al. However this game still has to reach the point where it is playable.I wish the developpers all the luck in the world in their quest to finish this game but if one of my friends would ask me if he or she should buy this game then i would say: not yet. which is the same advice i give the reader of this review.At the moment i cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone. It is not playable at the moment and i fear that this will not change any time soon. If the developpers actually begin to make some notable progress on this game then i will be more then happy to adjust this review. But at the moment i have to say no...I did notice that much of the progress on this game appears to be focussed on the engine. which is an understandable way of development. But at the same time there are ofcourse a lot of people who spend money on this game and dont know as much about programming and game design as proffesionals would. (completely understandable ofcourse) and those people are going to end up feeling cheated. hence my advice.summary: Dont buy it. Keep it in your whishlist until it is finished and then buy it. Because the concept of the game is great and you are going to have a great time once it is playble. Castle story is scheduled for release in 2016 (as far as i know at least) so guys please keep this game in mind when that day comes"
,Not Recommended,227860,12750454,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[R]Lt. Drunk,"DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.Just go to their website and read the forums. These guys are the biggest trolls.They've hade ALOT of complains from their (now very small) ""fan base"" where they are asking for a better AI. No updates for two years now.. and all of a sudden an update!..But the only thing they updated was a halloween theme in the game. No better AI, no new monsters, nothing, just a halloween theme.Im going to try to report this game somehow and get my money back, and if that doesn't work out i will try to help people save 20 bucks and buy some other game. Because they are spent much better elsewhere, on ant game really.-1 / 10, would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,227860,10763766,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Calfurion,"Considering how long ago I bought it, there's been no discenable progress. It feels really minimal and unfinished and it very glitchy."
76561198032390236,Not Recommended,227860,13586974,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Invader Fred,"Buy Castle Story? No, but why not? A 2 year summaryI'm watching the development since almost two years and played over 160 hours. Only survival mode because there are no other challanges. Sandbox mode didn't really interested me after all, you know minecraft?Following Bugs and missing game options bother me since the first time i played. There has been changes and improvments but nothing got really fixed to a point im happy with. I guess a lot of other people feel the same after reading reddit and other sources, pointing out there's no progress would be wrong, but the prioritisation is amiss. I understand the process of prototyping, alphas and early access. But there shut be a noticable progress in all directions after two years of development.- building menu - Castle Story uses some kind of nice circular menu, it has a nice appeal in the first place. But really nerves after using it, because its inconvenient. You need to do the following steps to choose one of your main building materials; 1x1 stone bricks: hold down the right mousebutton, the main menu appears, move the mouse to submenu button, release the right mouse button, the main menu disapperas. Press the right mouse button again, the submenu apperas, move to the 1x1 stone, release right the mouse button, now you can place your bricks. You know what!? Let me use the left mouse button to select the submenu and the 1x1 brick, this would make the following steps redundant and the selection would be; hold right mouse button, left click submenu, left click desired option, DONE!?- blue Crystals - the Ore you need to gather for spawning new npcs is now stuck on stockpiles by default (version 0.3.3). This would be one of the very few added game mechanics in two years that made me happy, if turned off by default OMG. Now you have to manually order your broken Worker AI to carry the blue crystals to the main crystal or deaktivate the option on every stockpile you build... really?- demolishing - you can't demolish stockpiles, lamps, barrels,... If it does work and i didn't realise how, why doesn't it work the same way it does with stones and wood. By the way, if it works with stones and wood, does it take why more than 2 years to implement this feature?- zooming - nice to be able to zoom with the mousewheel, but only to a certain and low point. If users complain about that, they are told to use the old method, the caps key and mousewheel, now the can zoom infinite. What every sence restricting the ""mousewheel only zoom"" and having two ways to zoom after all may have. Only one way to zoom, problem fixed.- Workers - still get stuck in many different tasks. I know theres a new AI and it's not implemented in survival mode yet. Currently (version 0.3.3) the AI is a killjoy.- Swordsmen - useless as long as not standing in front of a gate. Because Enemys are past over before the realize there existence. Currently (version 0.3.3) the AI is a killjoy.- Archers - commit suicide by shoting there bows and killed other player npcs, this didn't happen anymore since version 0.3.0 and i played to wave 25. Thats a plus!i'm ♥♥♥♥ed, somebody else complete the list... Don't buy the game until it's released! Die Entwickler bewegen sich seit zwei Jahren im Kreis, mit einer Effizienz, die sich schön in ihrem Menü wiederspiegelt."
76561198011332988,Recommended,227860,21333425,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,While you sleep,"(Patch 0.6) Since the first beta, i try every new patch, and i've always been disapointed by the way everything was slow and unsteady. I think that this patch is a turning point. It was the first time that the game got hard, and it was fun like that. The Bricktrons now move with no hesitation, they build fast and the most impressive part :  the combats are now epic! The Minitrons are flying everywhere, most of the action is fluid, the pathfinding is fast and the AI look like it understand what is going on (they don't exaggerate when they say the pathfinding is 100X faster or more). Still, beware, this game is far from finish, but i have a good feeling about the upcoming releases. Bravo à toute l'équipe de Sauropod!"
,Not Recommended,227860,13001850,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tweed,"Castle Story is a ""choose your own adventure"" with one possible outcome: The developer continues to offer excuses for years as to why they are incapable of finishing their damn game, your money is wasted and you feel a burning sense of shame come over you for funding yet another failed early access title, the end."
76561198012019849,Not Recommended,227860,14169139,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Akrab,"It's a great concept, really!But the developers seem to be incapable of getting the game running properly.Been following its development for years now, and while I'm aware I purchased an Early Access game,it's at the point now where I don't see this game ever being finished.It has the same bugs and lack of content it did a year ago, the units don't respond well(or sometimes not at all)to commands, there's still no solid multiplayer, and the game still lags tremendously after a certain amount of waves..This game isn't going anywhere, sadly. Unplayable.I strongly urge you not to buy this game.Second review, 19-02-2015:I stand by my statement that the game has not yet reached the point of ""money's worth."" However, it seems I was wrong about this game never going to be finished.The latest patch still leaves a lot to be desired, but they did fix the general unit control. Units still ""dumb down"" every now and then, but at least this time around you get to give them new orders once you've moved them manually. Where I couldn't even get past wave 15 in the past, I am surprised to say the game managed to get me to wave 35 without any framedrop. I paused the game to have a little drinky and edit my review, games tend to take a while. It's actually quite fun without lagspikes. I've heard friends mention they've made it up to wave 50-or-so, and then it started lagging.I still don't recommend this game as it is now, because multiplayer is still barely functional. If you want to play with a friend, get ready to search forums for a while, 'cause it doesn't come with complete instructions. But it is starting to look like we might see this game in a finished state after all.What I would like to see before I start recommending this game:- Playable framerate up to at least wave 100.- An easier way of getting rid of rubble. Either by despawning it, or having the bricktrons clean up quicker, I've noticed the game now starts lagging due to the amount of rock chips lying around.- An enjoyable multiplayer mode. Let's face it, this game can be summed up as tower defense meets lego. Don't get me wrong, it's fun! But we could use a co-op mode against the AI instead of a vague deathmatch where nobody is quite sure what to do and when to do it.- Catapults to be useful for either blowing up terrain or killing the rockmen."
76561197998031858,Not Recommended,227860,14338840,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hexus,"Great game, great concept.But I've had the game nearly 2 years and there's nothing different.  It feels like someone's hobby project.I will give them credit, recently the patches have been cranking out.   I will continue to play and test it out and hopefully change my review, but right now I can't recommend it."
76561198034333676,Not Recommended,227860,12648698,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,luke,"Kickstarter: Made the game with all its buggy features and people thought it had amazing potential...1st Year: Hey guys we've finally added a new system that makes the sound work :)2nd Year: So today we finally got the save button into place, hope you guys like it3rd year: Here's a video on what we've been doing in our studio, which has nothing to do with the game :)I do not recommend this game to anyone.. Period"
76561198081074555,Not Recommended,227860,12385696,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,lachlan,by the time they update this mess most of the original payers will have died of old age.
76561198049687875,Not Recommended,227860,16160882,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,bbearsrock,"Waste of Money at this TimeI have purchased this game nearly one year ago with great hopes of this being a fun sandbox style game. I watched the preview and thought WOW! This is going to be a fun old style collect and build fashioned games. I was quickly hit by the lack of development over the year. There are texture bugs, the AI seems basic, building glitches, and many more. Reporting a bug in this game does nothing because the ""updates"" the developers release are more like patches. There has been no progression of the games development over the year I have owned the game and I am feeling a bit scammed at this point.DO NOT PURCHASE. Please save yourselves from this waste.The game has potential but the devs don't produce. If you are even considering getting this game WAIT; add it to your wish-list and see if itever leaves early access.At this point this has been such a waste of money as well as a disappointment."
76561198034423880,Not Recommended,227860,13913343,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Zlatan Bold,"I've been excited about this game for a long while. The concept was creative and nostalgic so I decided to support the game's early development. As all the other reviewers have indicated, there has been almost no significant progress in gameplay in a year and a half. To add insult to injury, the devs at Sauropod act as if the ""early access"" disclaimer forfeits any right by the gamers supporting them, to expect progress or a timetable for completion. Indeed, the devs censor and berate the gamers which have supported them financially, who are rightfully frustrated by the glacial rate of progress. Are we supposed to maintain our excitement and support when we get superficial/cosmetic updates every few months?The devs frequently complain that the increasingly negative reviews are hindering sales, and therefore development. That's right Sauropod, blame your supporters for your own incompetence. DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME, at least until a complete version is released."
76561197964373272,Not Recommended,227860,17751005,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ninjazz,"Castle Story is a castle building strategy game with delightful cartoonish graphics and a fun premise.You order around a group of little yellow warriors, gathering resources and supplies to build a castle, to protect a large crystal that serves as a spawner for your units. All of this on the fairly simple-though-attractive backdrop of some flying islands in the sky.Sadly, that's about where the charm of the game ends and the problems start to show up.Charming though it may be, the game has multiple issues ranging from save-games not loading properly, to certain game modes not functioning. There are major slow-downs in the game, and often your AI will become stuck doing nothing, for seemingly no reason.The beautiful structures you see in the screenshots are nearly impossible to build in the game's current state. (No, seriously, how in the heck did they make those?)Development is also insanely slow, if it's even progressing at all.Make no mistake, there is nothing even nearly complete about the game as it is now.I want to like the game, it shows a lot of promise, and it LOOKS fun; but with issues that haven't been fixed in literally years, and no sign of forward movement, you're much better off saving your money for a different game.IF things change in the future, I will happily update my review."
76561198097732811,Not Recommended,227860,14450018,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Elliott the Undying,"IF YOU ARE READING THIS, DO NOT BUY CASTLE STORY!!!You guys (the devs) got $700,000 from a kickstarter in August of 2012 and mentioned twice in its description that you quit your jobs to work full time on Castle Story. What have you all been doing the past two and a half years? Not only should you not be charging $20 for an incomplete game that is more than fully funded, but you should be actually working on improving the game that you're charging $20 for. Maybe if it was one of those $2 or $3 games, I might recommend it. Your kickstarter says that FOUR PEOPLE paid over $2,000 to see this game leave the ground. Where has it gone? It's great that you've come out with 2 updates last month, but let's see some real bug fixes and some new content. I just wish I had that great of an idea to steal a million dollars and get away with it.Here's their kickstarter page if you don't believe that they made over $700,000 on this ""project"":https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/902505202/castle-story"
76561198041434337,Not Recommended,227860,14370244,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SwimmyDFish,"I really wanted to believe in this game because of its cool concept, but let me tell you what has been going on in other indie games during the year that i owned this:Kerbal Space Program went through enough updates to go into Beta.Prison Architect (smaller development team than Sauropod) had 10 major additions and 2 bug hunts.Day Z (and in not a big fan of it) added cars along with a plethora of survival features and bugs.Subnautica was released and has added two different vehicles and is ready to add two more zones.and those are just the ones i own.In a 12 month period Castle story has basically had one A.I. update and released their new ""big map"". Even with these updates the game is still bugged to the point of being unenjoyable I hope something happens but as it stands, this game is dead in the water and your money is better spent on another title."
,Not Recommended,227860,19502190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Chiddy,"Lost all hope for this a year ago.  Just had another look and all they seem to do is update their marketing, probably to try and sucker more people, especially when it's slightly discounted during the steam sales.DO NOT GET THIS.It is not in a playable state, and won't be for a long time, if ever (most likely never)."
,Not Recommended,227860,12701461,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,exi,No community interaction and no progress
,Not Recommended,227860,12734582,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SkiDude6009,"I bought this game because the concept looked cool and the game kind of fun. While I still think this could have been a great game, the developers have shown they are incapable of properly building a game. There are so many bugs that make building anything of scale impossible.My only hope now is that some other real developers take over this game and turn it into something great, but until that time (if it ever happens), stay away."
76561198010271977,Not Recommended,227860,12578553,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Dragonfang122,"When I got the alpha for this game, I thought I saw something that could be great. And for a while I was ok with the small gitchs, and annoying little bugs in the game. But after a full year of waiting for something of an improvement to this game, I have failed to see anything worth calling an update. I honestly feel a bit robbed by this game as the updates and improvments have been nothing short of disappointment and nothing promised in the year that i have given it. I have given up on this game ever becoming anything more than alpha and disappointment."
,Not Recommended,227860,12839438,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Frosty,"Game had such potential but in short the devs don't even care about supporting this game. The only thing they will support is your money when you buy the game, that's it. Unfortunate but the game is buggy, nearly never updates and when it does something else breaks. Beside being an alpha, it's a poor excuse for making a quick cash grab from the community. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, do not feed the hungry devs."
,Not Recommended,227860,12684502,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,nTwin,no progress in over a year... this game is dead.
76561197998075576,Not Recommended,227860,12322864,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Quesadilla,"I am one of those who bought the game when it first launched on Steam.Still here waiting for a substantial update. Or anything other than a dumb blog release about the guy is the head cheese in charge of sound.  Ive waited an entire yea and it is exactly the same game, nothing notably new.Games take time, every game is different. Refactoring. Blah Blah.The problem isnt that the game is broken. Yeah its got bugs, I expect that. Not one significant update in a year.How is that Space Engineers can produce new mechanics to their game almost weelky on the spot, then release a bug fix of those issues within the next few days? Sauropod has let me down for a game I was really excited about. I even had bought a copy at release for my brother in-law.Dont be a sucker, you $20 would be better spent on a game with active devs."
76561198031622864,Not Recommended,227860,19169928,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dirty_Herbert,"Serioulsy bought this like 2 years ago, still the same game."
76561198220628112,Recommended,227860,21350853,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Shortstock,"After the 0.6 update, Castle Story is now the game that it was always meant to be. You can take your time building a fortress and you are not constantly under threat of an ever increasing number of enemies. Attacks are random so you must be prepared at al times. You can capture more crystals to have your population cap grow. ALSO!!!! I looked at a ton of the negative reviews and most of what they complain about has been fixed by this point."
76561197997848176,Not Recommended,227860,15636586,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Milo,I cant believe I wasted my money on this game. Its so far from finished and development is so slow I have no idea what I was thinking.
,Not Recommended,227860,18252508,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Treboras,"I gave up ... after such a long time, sparely updates are coming in, not many features, many bugs ... well ... it's time to move on and take it as a lesson. It looked promising and cute ... it finished cute and not promising anymoreNOT recommended"
76561198035575642,Not Recommended,227860,17322121,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,P4schka,"It's simple fraud. They are not working on it anymore. Don't buy it.Edit November 2015:There have been some updates lately which indicate a little development. Still, these updates are nowhere near to justify 6 months between major changes. However, it is not possible to tell if Sauropod Studio is doing as little as it seems or if it is just really terrible at communicating. In either case it forfeited any trust the community placed in it.My advice: Stay away from the game until you can call it an actual game."
,Not Recommended,227860,7799845,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Johnny_Old_School,"Great idea, poor execution all around. Development seems to actually be in reverse at this point, and there isn't enough here to maintain faith in the project for me. Painfully slow development, and the inability to fix bugs in the games core mechanics hint at a development team that simply doesn't have the knowledge and/or experience to deliver a functional game. Stay away!"
,Not Recommended,227860,17857503,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Siege,"After backing this game based on its promise, it has turned out to be a huge disappointment thanks to the continous bugs and the complete and total lack of anything even vaguely resembling progress.Every time I find myself of a mind or in a mood to play it, I go and look for updates only to find they have at best released a handful of minor bugfixes, usually for bugs they created with their last major patch. No new content, no new levels, none of the mechanics that were originally promised, nothing. No multiplayer, no story mode, no maps or map editor...And I'm not talking about every few days or even weeks. This is totally the type of game I really WANT to play, it seemed like it had the potential. Originally, I *did* check up on it on a regular basis. But after continous disappointment, particularly when I *would* see an update on Steam and get my hopes up, only to find it was nothing of interest... I lost interest. Now several months go by before I even bother, and yet, still then, there's nada. Nichts. Zilch.And my interest in the game, despite it's potential, despite the fact that it SHOULD be the kind of game I'd love, my interest is basically the same as the game's development pace, which is to say, next to non-existent. Actually, the very fact that it has inspired me to go out of my way to write what is for me a rare negative review should say it all. I have no idea what they do over there at Sauropod Studios, but it most certainly isn't anything remotely like what I'd call ""work"", I can only assume that they've happily taken the $700k they made off the Kickstarter and are laughing at us all the way.EDIT: The developers CLAIM the game will be ""released"" at the end of the year. IF that happens and we actually get what we were promised in the Kickstarter, I will revist this review at that time. Until then, I simply cannot recommend this game based on the progress we have seen in the 3 years since it was supposed to release in the first place."
76561198041222702,Not Recommended,227860,12605150,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,vesyan,this game is a scam
76561197999326372,Not Recommended,227860,13127192,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,kadni,How many early-access games have been abandonded? Towns? Spacebase? Castle Story? I'm sure there are tons more.  I HATE how steam allows them to be sold still.  My patience and willingness to support for early games has been used up.  I wish there was a way to get my money back for those crap titles!!!
76561198112056681,Not Recommended,227860,8673860,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,einsampibroch278,"Ridiculously broken to be made available to the public to play: controls are wonky and counter-intuitve; bricktrons just stand there even after directed towards a place or task, just running down the clock to corruptron slaughter; and the construction method is impractical, though that was the only selling point that led me to this regrettable purchase (since most of the map is floating islands, its only natural to begin designing and building bridges - not possible in any way). I'm sure I and a few other buyers took the fall for this sinkhole so you don't have, so take this lesson: NEVER buy Early-Access Games. You would think that the sales would fund the updates, but you would be wrong. I now know I was."
,Not Recommended,227860,17078041,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,welfare child,"the fact that it's release date is 2013 and its still an early access game pretty much proves why you shouldnt get this gameedit: the game's better than some things you can find out there, but the development is going so slow it's painful for anyone who bought it. idea is good and the game is around 4/10 which sort of ruined the idea. it's a big mistake if you buy or even consider buying this game, devs inactive and the game boring.edit 2: also forgot to mention how the ai aren't smart at all. devs are active but only focus on their honestly stupid building contests, and there's really not much to do besides build. you fend off occasional enemies but it's still not that great"
,Not Recommended,227860,34821208,Posted: 8 September,all,xxwaspxx,"So after sinking over 60 hours into this game and enjoying the hell out of it, I'm forced to give it a thumbs down. Honestly, this game could be amazing- but AI optimization issues are bogging down all long-term games. This game is apparently not designed to be able to function past a few hours of building, which is an absolute tragedy. One of the things that's made games like Minecraft so amazing is the ability to keep building for hours and hours and hours- huge maps and custom designs that take days, weeks, even months to complete. Unfortunately, because of how Castle Story is coded, any map with NPCs is destined to begin experiencing massive lag spikes after only a few hours and an absolutely abysmal framerate a few hours after that. It doesn't matter what hardware you're using either- my rig is near top-of-the-line and I cannot escape these issues.Sauropod needs to address this core issue before anything else if this game is going to remain playable. New units, new play modes, improved graphics- none of it means anything if the game will not run properly. I want to play this game and I would pay again to be able to play a fixed version of it, but I won't play a minute more until these problems are fixed."
,Not Recommended,227860,34561249,Posted: 28 August,all,Exentenzed,"I must say, i REALLY want to click that thumbs up button, but my conscience just wont allow me to do it. I find the direction this game took to be absolutely fantastic, with the ability to just setup a conquest game and potentially play it for hours on end by just holding out in my little corner, and ending the fight with a big push when i got bored of defending.The ability to just create my own ""warehouses"" and other crafting related buildings, by building the way i want to is just a delight to me. In a way i think its what made minecraft once appeal to me. Of course its a bit different in this, it being an RTS and all.The problems i have stems from the fact that the AI is utterly broken at times, this gets even worse when playing multiplayer, assuming you find a way trough the obstacles (Of which there are a few) for playing coop with your friends. This is especially true for loading coop savegames, which is not only un-intuitive, but requires extra effort to make sure it stays coop instead of turning into a versus match on load.When it comes to the AI: These problems can be minor, with some minions not finding a stockpile right next to them, causing them to drop their cargo around your crystal (Spawning area/HQ) which is easily worked around by placing a cleanup task in a radius around it. To the bigger problems where the AI just outright gives up and freezes, making your minions ignore any and all orders you give them, and just sit there doing nothing.Quite frankly, while i can understand the devs getting anxious to finally put this title out of early access after 5 years of development, it was a crucial mistake. One i hope they can recover from by providing immediate and effective hotfixes to the game (Apart from the hotfixes deployed thus far). It's a game that both is something refreshingly new, yet simplistic and relaxing to play.I will be monitoring this game closely in the near future, and hope i can turn this thumbs down into a recommendation. Because if im being quite honest, despite all its bugs which will no doubt frustrate me into alt-f4'ing the game in a few hours, just writing about this game makes me want to play it again right now.Please Sauropod Studios, strap in properly and bring this game across the proper finishline. The game deserves it."
,Not Recommended,227860,20602459,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,South Paw,"EDIT: Update 0.9 still has the UI in a mess. I tried my best to jump back into it and I couldn't even figure out where the delete button was for tasks and I still can't work out how to undo placement. I'm going to say that my review below still stands at present.---I saw Castle Story on Kickstarter back in 2012 and wished I could have kick-started it, the concept was new and interesting, the graphics looked fresh and pretty and it looked like a fun game that would go somewhere. Well, 4 years down the line it still looks exactly like it did 4 years ago on that Kickstarter page.As far as I see, there is no real 'gameplay' to it other than plan a castle, dig some quarry's or mines and then watch the little yellow dudes AI fail to get it them the build zone or even properly drop resources off.Instead, you'll spend your game time watching your workers swap resources around with one another rather than building anything. It almost seems like they tried to implement a bucket brigade AI... which would work great if they gave the poor little workers a little more logic so they didn't run the exact same path when on the same task - because they then spend more time swapping resources between themselves and 'finding paths to blueprint' instead of running over there.The problems around building make it really hard to even attempt the 'wave survival' game modes - because its takes so long to get a simple wall around it and the damage enemies do (even on easy) wipes out your meagre combat units really quickly (I survived 60 kills ~8 waves before losing but still didn’t even have a simple wall up because the yellow dudes couldn't decide or work out how to get places)The final straw for me was putting 6 workers on a large build task. They'd keep stopping at the build site, even though there were plenty of resources and lots of room for movement. They just all kept saying they were going to the same pile of resources which I can only assume meant all 6 of their poor little AI's were clashing and blocking one another... without anyone actually moving!Some bullet points of what bugged me the most (Version 0.5.1):- The UI is terrible. Every action in-game relies on a right click and hold - it's not intuitive, it’s not clear and it’s not even explained to you. I had to go find a video tutorial on basic camera movement and building because it was so annoyingly unclear. Actions should speak for themselves and not have to be searched for.- Speaking of UI, sorting what materials can be placed on a storage pad is ridiculous. If you want to make it specifically wood, it takes 5 right click, hold, and selects to set it so. You need a lot of storage, so multiply that by the number of space you want... it’s just plain silly.- For a game about building castles its surprising tedious to build anything in (let alone a castle), you need more workers to get things done faster but the more workers you have the slower the build goes because they spend time bumping into one another and sometimes they just decide to have a stop work meeting.- The game constantly lags and has miniature seizures for a few seconds every few seconds...- As outlined, the AI is just shoddy. There are a few simple things that would make it miles more efficient... the best being a complete overhaul of their path-finding algorithm and how they interact with one another (not swapping resources every damn time they bump into each other!)- The game could benefit from a 'speed up time' button... a lot.Overall: 3/10Just so much wasted potential.Avoid at all costs - don't be fooled! There are better games out there!"
76561198052212409,Not Recommended,227860,23014878,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,farmer.joe,"Avoid this game, do not be tempted to even want to try it. I have stopped playing for over a year, and saw the new ""positive"" reviews and decided to give it a go again.Devs have not made any improvements at all with regards to the AI which pretty much breaks the game as you can't do anything as your workers won't do what they need to do due to bad programming.They have already made lots of money from earlier sales, so please avoid until they actually fix the issues and start making improvements and adding real features that matters. If you want to throw your money away, do so at other devs that actually intend to complete and fufill what is promised in a timely manner.Edit:I have been approached by a member of the Castle Story team, and this is a welcome change as it shows things may be heading the right direction now. Of course, as what I have told that team member, unfortunately, what ever is being said to me are just 'promises' and is no different from what things were many years ago. Real improvements and updates needs to be released in timely manners for me to recommend this game.So thank you for reaching out, it is a very welcome improvement, but the good PR needs to be followed up with actual action."
,Not Recommended,227860,18203284,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Broe,"a good lesson in the dangers of buying early access games. The devs abandoned this project yet they are still selling it, what a joke."
,Not Recommended,227860,7807996,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ZedFightsGanon,"In its current state, the game is almost imposible to play.  There are major, and I mean game breaking bugs constantly.  The game is a constant struggle and becomes frustratingly broken within minutes.  I hope they fix these issues soon, becomes the game seems really promising."
76561198079381919,Not Recommended,227860,14436157,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,mikeydsc,"So once again here we have a studio not delivering on a promise to get a game out that people have bought and paid for. I purchased this game shortly after being offered on SEA roughly 18 months ago. To date the ONLY things done has been refactoring the code and a large map added. The AI is atrocious, the devs constantly delete threads or posts with any negative criticism and generally have an attitude of suppression. All we want to see is progression and to this point I dont believe the studio has enough experience to deliver what they promised. I am beginning to compare this game to GODUS as being a failure. So purchase at your own risk. if its finished it may be years down the road and not in a general time frame of 3 to 5 years for a game such as this. Remember over 2 years have already been invested in the game and it may take another 4 or 5 years at the rate its going if they last that long.Here is a sample of themhttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079381919/moderatormessages/65143/"
,Not Recommended,227860,7768915,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Afdjones,"My complete thoughts on this title. Basically, castle story is a very unique game that has a ton of potential. Although people beleive its very similar to games like towns, its completely different. Altough the objective of castle story is to protect your base from ememys and buils structues, its thought on survival is really weak, There're no food or water meters for your little minions, and the whole idea of 'crafting' is completely useless. Despite this, the game is actually fun to play, but can only be played for short amount of hours at a time, as its very repetative. You will always find yourself either building, chopping tree's or mining. Thats pretty much it, untill you have to fight a small amount of enemys day-by-day. Its area of land is also very small and limited, but as i said, it can be fun to play, and its still in Early Access, so what can you expect? So, is this game worth $20? Probably not, if im honest. Although fanboys may disagree, and cliaming that 'its only in early development and more will come', we should really expect more from these types of games, expecially if people are laying down $20 for a game that could have been made by a college student. Overall, if you're on the wall with this game, save the cash, and wait till more has been added. Not much to do, and not much fun overall. Infact the only thing that will keep you playing is the graphics."
76561198001953437,Not Recommended,227860,16933458,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sniff,"This game is fun, no doubt I had fun for the first minutes I played. This game was awesome but then, a ♥♥♥♥ing month later I hadn't played in a while so I decided to update it to see what was new.Nothing. At all.This game was as bad as I am in bed. And that♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.1/10-Would be a 10 if they actually cared for the game"
76561198065823512,Recommended,227860,32296080,Posted: 9 June,all,[LENG] Flashbang Monk,"So despite many bad reviews i bought this game a while ago, after forgetting about it for a while i logged on today for a little bit to find a new update (0.9) and now i can honestly say i will be playing again as soon as i have some spare time, the new crafting system and gameplay machanics have refreshed a good concept and made it more of an actual game, looking forwards to more update (even though they maybe slow, be patient) and i would actually recomend this game to fans of building and mangagment style games.**UPDATE**The game offically released as of recently and is now in 1.0, generally i would recommend this game to only a specific type of audience, if you do not fall into the type of audience i am about to discribe i would say give it a pass.If you like to spend large amounts of time making managing resources and building things.If you like to be thrown into a game and figure out how to play yourselfIf you like a more complex type of gameplay where you have to think about what your doingIf you like a top down 3D colony managment gameIf you do not mind slightly clunky gameplayBasically it has its good features and its bad features and feels like a modern version of those old school games you used to play, the ones that tried something different and overall pulled it off with a few little minor mistakes here and there.It has problems its true, the AI pathing and jobs system can tank your CPU.The building and crafting and gathering and combat can be a little difficult at first due to no decent way of teaching you how other than a help menu and a video or two on youtube.But over all there is something there to be played."
76561198019380426,Not Recommended,227860,12385511,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Drama Llama,this game has been umcomplete for a year nothing new add on to the game so its a waste of money
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,227860,20530671,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Zothen,"No, no, no, just no!The way this game is developed is just horrible! Months without updates or proper information and the devs somehow dont get their♥♥♥♥♥♥done. Sad, because there was some good potential, but you better stay away from this train wreck.Updated Feb 2016:702.516$ from Kickstarter ... wasted on nothing!I wonder whats the definition of ""pathological liars""? Promising updates that come months too late - if at all? A game that has over 700k funding and shows no significant progress for years?Dear Sauropod Studios - hope you have a pleasant life... with our money!PS: Its over 3 years now! Wheres my game?Update 2 Februrary: Censoring threads, posts and commentsToday my thread about the lack of progress and broken promises was deleted, posts deleted and I got banned from the forum for pointing out to the mismanagement of this project. No reason for the ban was given.You know that you hit truth when something like this is happening. Be warned."
,Not Recommended,227860,17636663,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Tyrell T.,Honestly after a year this game still isn't worth buying. Im not happy with the speed of development.I have seen faster work from a one man team.
76561197971422610,Not Recommended,227860,12320173,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,hungrycookpot,"I bought this game about a year ago, played it and thought it was cool for an early access. I look at the game now, and it seems like nothing has changed at all. It's a cool idea, what it does have is pretty cool and well done, but development seems to have petered off. For the amount of gameplay it has, and from what I see, is ever likely to have, I would not reccommend the game for more than a few bucks."
76561197971254947,Not Recommended,227860,16035682,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Terrak,"After a year or so of not playing Castle Story, I recently came back to it and soon ran into a new patch whichbroke the gamefor me. I decided to wait a few weeks for them to fix it — the one that froze the game with constant lag after about an hour and a half of playing the same map, and when you reach a certain number of people. Over a month later, there is still no fix.(As of the 26th of June, I have tested the latest patches... it's still going on)When I add that situation to how long this game has taken in the past, until now, to actually have updates implemented, I have to give this one a rather big no for my recommendation. This game has so much potential, and I mean a lot, but there is definitely an issue with the very slow development team, and the lack of progress made when an update is actually released — not much has actually been implemented long term, and important parts of the game are still disabled by the developers because they don't work properly (such as digging).I follow a lot of early access games and this is thepoorest development cycleI am aware of at the moment.Negatives(As of June 2015 with 'bleeding edge' version)-The way the UI is set-up for building, placing items, etc, is atrocious. You have to drill down through so many selections to reach what you want to reach, then you have to get back out if you want to do something else.. it's a bit like torture.  (This is the worst thing about the game for me)-The Save/Load menu is bulky, and slow to use. This needs polishing. (small issue though)-Very slow progression with the development of the game-The radius with cutting down trees. You have to keep adding 'flags' every time you want to cut down a group of trees, and this is rather tedious.-Major performance issues when reaching a certain number of people on screen-The way blue crystal is put into crates by default (again, tedious to manually move it to the actual blue crystal)-The lack of maps on survival. There needs to be a variety here based on peoples play styles, such as a corner start, instead of in the middle. This would greatly improve the game for a lot of people.-The waves(enemies) come too fast. There needs to be an option to manage waves before beginning the game-The fact you have to place a clean up broom radius flag… they should just clean up automatically, or the stuff that needs cleaning up should disappear over time. (tedious to manage, and the little bits littering the ground slow the game down)Positives(As of June 2015 with 'bleeding edge' version)-Friendly fire, but this can get annoying (needs fine tuning)-Variety of enemies (needs fine tuning)-The types of structures you can build using stone or wood. This is rather fun and is really the main point of the game.-The cuteness of the game. The yellow guys and the grey guys are all very cute and make cute noises.-Having your archers take out the enemy is rather enjoyable once you have enough of them, and a system in place where you know exactly where to place them, and how to build your defences.-The quick response of the developers to forum posts is very supportive & commendable-The music is quite good, but there needs to be more variety."
76561197980860430,Recommended,227860,21385697,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Arthyen,"I brought this game a couple of years ago and it has been a dog to run, So i put it to one side and every now and then i would see it when clearing my Steam library and have a play and still it would be horible, than suddenly i see a update a day ago and thought ""I will give it one more try "" and suddenly it worked and i was enjoying it. it is like the developer has pulled the sinking ship out of the water and put a new hull on it and floated it out again, Now its not perfict there is a couple of small performance issues like slight delay when ordering the Bricktrons around (feels like they are having a quick think before acting) and that the pathfinding is a bit hit or miss (mostly hit) . But the main thing is that i suddenly enjoyed making the castles and would feel that multiplayer with pvp will be great fun smashing each others buildings down. I wish this happend a year ago and that the game can recover from such a negative low review points, As it has a great feel now and hopefully the positives will be felt by the developers who will then bring more building choice and content for it."
76561198068589198,Not Recommended,227860,13947043,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Spookiest Hunter,"This game has great potential. You command around minions rejected from Despicable Me. You order them to collect various resources and build a grand castle of your own design, then defend against monsters during the night.However, in it's current state, Castle Story isn't very functional. It offers a hardly playable tutorial that teaches very basic things. It doesn't teach you how to summon new minions, something you obviously need to know how to do. The A.I have very poor pathfinding and often get stuck.Look for this when it is fully released. Until then, avoid."
,Not Recommended,227860,16786504,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Pope's Face,Don't waste your money. Very little content and development is extreamly slow.
76561198028135831,Not Recommended,227860,14242722,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Angry Monkey,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!It's largely an echo of what many others are seeing. Within two years of purchasing the game i've seen almost zero content updates.At this point in time they've had over $700,000 dollars from their kickstarter alone. What are they doing!?There's patiently waiting for a brand new company of little experience to learn and develop as they create their game, and then there is total and utter incompetence and lazyness of the highest order.**edit**I posted a comment here a few days ago:http://www.sauropodstudio.com/release-0-3-5/#commentsIt still hasn't appeared. Censorship?"
,Not Recommended,227860,12211976,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Blade McCloud,"This game is nearly unplayable due to bugs that should have been dealt with three years ago. At it's core, Castle Story is an experimental survival/sandbox RTS in which you tell little yellow guys called Bricktrons what to do. They can work or fight, but typically get confused while carrying out their assigned tasks and just stop doing anything. The bugs in this WiP game are just too much, considering the fact that it's been 'in beta' for four years now. The project is obviously too much for the 10-man, part-time, on-again-off-again development team, and it's gotten to the point that they've hired on a PR guy to try in vain to dispel the rumors that this game has crumbled to nothing. Updates are infrequent, and the ones that come every four to six months add no new content, and fix none of the bugs which make the game almost unplayable. Box, if you're reading this, I'm sorry for you, and what the company you're representing is doing to you, and to the Kickstarter backers of this game. 1/5"
,Not Recommended,227860,8659302,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,PorygonZ,"Hoooo boy. Considering buying this game? Wait. WAIT. JUST HOLD THE PHONE. Got the game for a good 10 or so dollars. ALOT of things they need to work on in this game. It was, in my opinion, not quite worth the 10 or so dollars... Maybe in time. Until then, I give it a thumbs down."
76561197998701258,Not Recommended,227860,17967996,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Psygnal,"I want this one to work. This game sounds really good, but not a huge amount has changed from a user perspective since it hit early access a year or two ago.The devs do seem open and honest about the problems and decisions they've faced, and I don't doubt their integrity, but I am starting to wonder if this game is going the way of Godus, and will, eventually, end up being a pale imitation of what was promised.The latest release date we've been given is ""The start of 2016"". I think this is ambitious, and would say wait until then before buying this game.  Until then, I can't recommend it."
76561197997807460,Not Recommended,227860,15568237,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MyNameIsNotKiller,The concept is great but the developing of the game such as bug-fixing and gameplay features has been way too slow.
,Not Recommended,227860,17406981,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SomeGuy,"I played this game for about 16 hours. I really liked it, survival was fun and multilpayer was fun. But it seems as though there are no updates, multiplayer needs works. It seems like when the game gets an update it changes nothing.It is not worth 20 dollars.At least it isnt like Day One : Garry's Incident"
76561197960283776,Not Recommended,227860,19065936,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,RetroVertigo,"Unplayable, either it crashes or its fps drops to zero for no apparent reason. No support or updates, an abandoned game which should not be on steam at all.Great potential but sadly made by the wrong people."
,Not Recommended,227860,12845678,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Scarface,"There has been no progress in this game for over a year. Don't waste your money on this game, the developers aren't doing anything."
76561198013459633,Not Recommended,227860,16215578,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Paroxymas,"I've tried and tried to give this game a chance. I finally gave up 8 months ago. When I saw that they came out with a new update, I had high hopes of coming back to something that actually functioned as an entertaining game. Alas, it is still the same basic map with the same basic functions that they've had since the beginning; the pathing on the builders is still broken; the ""building"" is absurdly basic (imagine just stacking a bunch of blueprint rectangles then sitting and waiting for your builders to try and make them a reality, all while watching them either freeze in place, forget their tast entirely, or block each other's progress);  and the interface is unnecessarily complicated.This game came out almost two years ago and the game has not progressed. Maybe in another two years they'll add the random map generator like they've been promising, but until then, I'm done with this mess."
76561197970574203,Not Recommended,227860,7839308,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Booties,"Not sure how but development is miles behind the original campaign video. Each patch seems to introduce new bugs but no features.Over a year since the kickstarter was funded to the tune of 700k, and less to show for it than what appeared in the promo vid."
,Not Recommended,227860,19166933,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,pussyslayer69,just checked what the developers recently addedseems like it takes a couple of months to fix the wood textures! keep it up devs
,Not Recommended,227860,17747710,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Oldgramps,"You go to the car dealer and want to buy a car thats brand new, not even manufactured yet.  They promise you tires, a dashboard, even a CD player.  Now, after 2 years of waiting for them to build it, they deliver the dashboard to you in peices.  Tell you the CD player is in there somewhere but doesnt work.  And perhaps someday they will add tires... And the engine was never even installed (they locked the hood hoping you wouldnt notice).Welcome to Castle Story....Great promise, excellent idea, no follow through.  A scam plain and simple.  Just another early access title that is still allowed to be sold after no significant updates or progress.  Steam needs some EA oversight!  Where are the benchmarks for companies putting these games out?  Who is making sure they deliver on their promises...  we should be able to get our money back!!!"
76561198007592990,Not Recommended,227860,16779753,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,LionsCrest,So much potential... Lost. just like cubeworld..
76561198044968426,Not Recommended,227860,8572288,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Seere,the style is cool it can be very successful if and only if they can fix the task bugs... so many times my minions will get them selves stuck in either a tunnel or between stockpiles and be there forever. not that im saying don't buy it but shelve it for a few months before playing it.
,Not Recommended,227860,28202657,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,eisiger,Possible future poster-child for a new Steam Greenlight guideline where your Early Access games have to be released within at most five years.
,Not Recommended,227860,12984842,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Haliburton,"Okay, not going to support early access games any more if they can't continue to work on the games we pay for."
,Not Recommended,227860,13541272,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MESA OZ,"I bought the game to play Multiplayer with a friend. Unfortunately after 3 years of development this game is still completely broken.Why can't an i7 system with 12gb of ram, a gtx760 and an ssd run a basic small map past 20 blocks before it lags out completely?Maybe in 2016 there will be a playable release."
,Not Recommended,227860,14966480,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cromulons,"Yet another game full of potential, but lazy devs had done almost abosolutely nothing to update this game. I know a game that was similar to this game (Timber and Stone) that was release the same year, and about a few months apart.The first release of Timber and Stone had more features than the latest version of Castle Story.I like to consider this as robbing. The devs robs money from you and it robs a game from being good.What a shame. Keep my money devs, Just don't do it again, and don't give us false hope, you robbed us and the least you could do is admit it."
76561197999457099,Not Recommended,227860,13120061,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,LoZ_Collector,Utterly unplayable. There's been little to no progress since its Early Access release and I only wish there was some way to make them accountable and force them to return the money made on the sales of their product. This game is nothing short of a con.
76561198054398520,Not Recommended,227860,29598512,Posted: 30 January,all,Dinosaurus,"While I am suprized that they have made some substantial fixes, its diminished by how long its taken them to get this far.Every once in a while I try and pick up and play this game again just to see how its come along and I get very frustrated and annoyed by its innaproachability when it comes to building wooden structures. Its super finicky, esoteric and most importantly, not fun. This is coming from a guy who enjoys playing Dwarf Fortress.When I commented on this, they said its 'part of the fun'Well, when its 'fun' to be 'not fun' I give it a thumbs down.Save your money, spend it on a game thats made with the intent of enjoying it as a game in mind."
,Not Recommended,227860,21846660,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Cpl Locklear,"Let me begin by saying this game was awesome on paper. Seeing what they were promising with a final product excited me even more. This is not my first rodeo in terms of Early-Access. I know full well that games are not created over night, but I have had this game for more than a year. I see updates to the multiplayer, and hotfixes and the like, and just am wondering what the f*** these develop[ers are doing? It certainly isn't streamlining their product. There is just one thing you need to know about this game it:THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE.Don't come at me with the 'it's still in development' or 'your system sucks' or any of that because that is not the issue. Plenty of games are early access and they can run. My friend and I ahd better luck playing multiplayer a year ago than we did today. Took a chance on this game on early access, and I GREATLY regret my purchase. Do NOT buy this game. Do NOT. They advertise that they have received a bunch of money from kickstarter, well it doesn't show. They must have spent it all on hookers and blow instead of hiring 3 more qualified programmers to help with their game. People with degrees from community colleges can make a better product in the amount of time that this game has been in early access. Save yourself the trouble and don't buy one more gram of coke for these bozos."
,Not Recommended,227860,14671956,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CasualCollision,"It pains me to write this, especially as one who managed to get some enjoyment out of this title, as well as someone who bought the game barely a month after it was put up on Steam with high hopes. Castle Story is a lackluster and at times needlessly frustrating experience that will just make you want to crave more with no hope of it ever delivering. First of all, the AI remains dirt stupid and at times unresponsive, making mutlitasking, an element crucial to games like these, more arduous than it should be. Sandbox mode will most likely not hold your attention for long, with there being a limited variety in building materials. Not only that, but getting said materials is time consuming and tedious, something you don't want said about a supposed sandbox mode.Survival mode seemed promising at first, combining the freedom to build structures of many shapes and sizes with a tower defense play-style. Now, there is fun to had here if you're willing to look past the bad AI and hardly any strategy. Otherwise, the novelty won't save it from the mediocrities riddled throughout this gamemode. Accompanied with the aforementioned AI problems, the guards will ignore oncoming enemies, letting them slip by and wreak havok on your settlement. It's a shame because this gamemode has the potential to be something fufilling, if it were just executed better and had more options at your disposal (i.e, leveling up bricktrons and contraptions, stronger materials, depth in level design).With no other gamemode to fall back on, you are almost guaranteed to lose interest long before this ever leaves early-access. You'd think that the developers would have found the time to encorporate more features and gamemodes in the last two years or so to keep us interested, much like many other open-alpha indie games out there. But alas, for whatever reason, updates have mainly consisted of bug fixes and graphical improvements. Unless by some miracle, this game gets finished and has a solid, replayable, and satisfying experience as a final product, I doubt I'll be concerning myself with this game anytime soon, and I suggest you do the same, to anyone thinking of buying this."
76561198079576860,Not Recommended,227860,18230234,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Samthesniper,"I want to love this game. But I cant. I cant even remember how long ago I bought it, but its been more then 3 years for sure. So far, very, very little has changed. The concept is very cool, but the game has many issuses. There are many bug, and the devs don't seem to care very much. Many of the ones that where around back then are still present, such as pathing. The game also lacks much meaningful gameplay."
76561198053765508,Not Recommended,227860,17667768,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,eX_Seven,"I've been playing it off and on since it came out and have logged quite a number of hours. I keep checking back in because I LOVE the idea and style. The reason I can't recommend it at this point is the price. For me it was easily worth it for the 100 or so hours (a bargain in fact). But the average person is definitely going to stop playing after a couple of frustrating games and that seems like a waste of money.2 years, and very little has improved. All the in-your-face bugs are still there. Some of the less annoying ones have been fixed but very few of them.It leads me to believe that the developers are simply incapable of fixing these bugs. If they were able to do it, it would have happened by now. But the potential of this game should not be wasted. Therefore, someone needs to steal this great idea and build a game that actually works. I'd donate big to a kickstarter to a dev who would run with this idea.Edit: Been a fare amount of improvement since the last time I've played about a year ago. But still... you are going to loose not because of strategy but because a glitch. Literally everytime. Also I wish they would fix the slowing to a crawl thing after playing for a couple hours. It pains me to say I still can't recomend for the average gamer. I'll check back in in another year."
,Recommended,227860,32629608,Posted: 21 June,all,uberjake,"After the 0.9 update, things have improved from before. I've had this game since 2014, and I have watched it not live up to expectations time and time again. But this update is a step in the right direction. I hope the devs use their momentum and keep improving the game. Because it is a very fun game, just the technical errors make it hard to play sometimes."
,Not Recommended,227860,20268941,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bryanosaurus,"Bought this 2 years ago. Was unplayable than.. Still is a pile of garbage. No idea what the devs are doing, but this is not worth 15euros. I'd say 5 at top. And than still a lot of people will consider this a rip off.I was positive 2 years ago, because it had potential. Well. Its almost at the same stage as back than.. Sigh.."
,Recommended,227860,23845622,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HQDefault,"OK, so a while back I did a review on this game. I still said it was positive, but I basically said ""It's buggy but it'll get better"". And now I feel is the time to re-review it.Let me start off by saying this is one of the coolest and prettiest castle builders I've seen in a long while. It has a near perfect arrangement of blocks to suit all of your construction needs, yet it simultaniously keeps you materials as basic as possible. You can build with Stone, or Wood. There are a few other materials that can be used to make useful structures, but those are the two things your castle is really gonna be made of. Yet in that simplicity, you can make very cool-looking castles with ease. And what's even cooler is that in the survival gamemodes, all of the castles you built for purpose and purpose alone still turn out looking amazing.So let's talk about how you build castles. Basically, you have little yellow blobby units called ""bricktrons"", which you have to tell what to do. This can consist of mining, cutting trees, building your castle, repairing damages, etc. Getting them to do these things is very simple. Want to build something? Create a construction task, place blueprints, and assign bricktrons to the task, they do the rest. The way they go about building these things still isn't the best... but it gets the job done.Then there's combat. So there's two survival gamemodes: Invasion, and conquest. Conquest has you go and capture crystals, and invasion has you defend against infinitely increasing waves of enemies. But both will have you be fighting 3 enemies: Little corruptrons, medium corruptrons, and big corruptrons. Not the most original lineup, but bare with me here. Anyway these 3 classes will act exactly like you expect. Little ones are fast, and big ones are slow but deadly. You have 3 ways of killing them. Warrior bricktrons with swords, Archer bricktrons, or catapults. In my opinion, the combat is probably one of the weaker points of the game, especially now that they nerfed your warriors. So the waves can get unfairly difficult, and you absolutely need a catapult. But even then, it's hard to learn how to lead your shots. It's not bad per say, but just be aware this game can get pretty brutal.Real quick I'll talk about the visuals, they are just shy of a masterpeice! Fantastic texture work, a great lighting engine, dynamic shadows on the higher settings, and they did a great job of bumpmapping everything. Unfourtunately the frames can take a dip at times, and there's no real particle affects, so the distance can look a bit ugly.And I'll be honest, the game still has some bugs. It still crashes from time to time (though it's not really all that bad) Bricktrons can have some quirky pathfinding at times, and they for some reason really want to place blocks they can't reach. Which really bothers me. Also, sometimes your knights will refuse to retreat when you tell them to, and just get pummeled. Which, again, can get very troublesome. I would advise saving regularly if you plan on playing survival.But this game absolutely oozes charm and love. As you build your castle you grow attatched to both it, and your little bricktron minions. (For example there was one moment where I had gotten a builder stuck, so I killed him with my catapult. And that genuinley made me sad.) You start seeing your castle as the home of these little guys, and every once in a while, you pan your camera down, see all your bricktrons working, see the gorgeous lighting and shadows, as well as the majesty of your castle, and your immediately reminded why you play this game.So, should you buy it? It depends. You can't speed up time (and for good reason, optimizing that would be nightmare for anyone) so you'll be waiting a while as your bricktrons slowly build up your castle. For me, this further strengthens the bond between me and what I've built, because I sit there thinking about how much time I've put into it. But some people aren't as patient and will get bored. Which I'm sure is where some of the more recent negative votes come from. (And some people are saying it's to complicated... what? This is as simple as they come... you wanna see a complex sandbox game, go look at Dwarf Fortress!) So ask yourself these questions:1: Are you a sentimental person?2: Are you patient?3: Can you deal with a few rough edges?If you answered no to any of those questions, then I'd say castle story either isn't for you, or maybe you should wait a little longer for more updates."
76561198069143296,Recommended,227860,32301640,Posted: 9 June,all,NetNet101,"Bought the game years ago, with high hopes. It was alright, but a bit crude and buggy.Now with the 0.9 update it runs so smooth, the AI is great, and there is a real sense of accomplishment that comes with building all the structures.I greatly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,12393624,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ObsceneOrangutan,"whatever you do do not purchase this game the devs do not update it and if u call them out on it they will ban u from there fourms, this game should be removed from steam"
76561197983528456,Not Recommended,227860,14840362,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,whiteFOX.MistaX32 [YA],"After years of hoping this title would reemerge victoriously I abandon all hope on it.Not enough content to entertain for more than a session. Unfortunately the kind of updates one expects takes years, no exaggeration. Buy it and wait until you grow old before expecting an update that improves the game. But wait! Your knights will get pumpkins for helmets during halloween!! When you don't hear anything useful from the devs and then get that message that knights get pumkins for helmets during halloween it's like they laugh in your face.So much work they say... I cannot even tell the difference between current version and prototype version yet years have passed.This kind of progress rate and pretending everything is going well is unacceptable!It has good potential and that's were it ends. Most unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,227860,12179732,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dulosis,"So, i played a few hours. Only few maps to play at all. Most of the time the one and the only (!) survival map. The sandbox is nice to try some constructions, but there are no enemies to test your castle = worthless. Your ""bricktons"" are often just stopping while working. Even with enough space for storage and anything else checked, they are just stop working. Even if you reasing them they won't do anything. You have to save, go back to the menu, load and then it will be fine. The UI is awfull. Way to much clicking to build a castle. Hope there will be a lot of updates soon... the game need them..."
76561198032213815,Not Recommended,227860,20787857,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Exwin,"You never know what you are going to get when you buy into an Early Access game. Sometimes you help fund the next gem of a game, like Prison Architect, who probably wouldn't have had the capital to make such a game if it weren't for EA, but on the other hand, sometimes your money gets flushed into the eternal purgatory that is commonplace in EA and you never get your money back, The Dead Linger.Castle Story feels more like The Dead Linger side of the EA. No, the makers haven't thrown in the towel yet, but there really hasn't been much improvement in the past year, content or performance wise. I honestly hope that I am wrong, and if that is the case, if they finish this game with a stable, playable, fun state, I will change this review, but at the moment, I could not and would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198026542744,Not Recommended,227860,31450091,Posted: 29 April,all,Spectre,"I THINK I bought this game on September 23, 2013 (the day it was released).  I was very excited.Three years, seven months, and six days later, this game is STILL in early access.  Needless to say, this is the game that taught me to be extra careful about buying Early Access games.  This game is broken AF.  Do not waste your money.In the words of Dave Chapelle as Rick James, I wish I had four thumbs, so I could give it four thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,227860,15564675,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,iVow,"Been years now, no changes what so ever, just another early access game trying to milk people of their money."
76561198022409221,Recommended,227860,23572699,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JX_House,"I have got this game for a long time. I did build a lot of castles, both in Survival/Invasion and Sandbox modes. I did not do much in the Conquest mode, even though it is fun as well. What I like and what is CS good at:Being a civil engineer I love the construction aspect: you can really build amazing castles and see how they stand against invasion waves of enemy hordes. Or you can build a set of defensive walls and trenches with towers. You can do a combination of those. The choice is yours and you can see your strategy either fail or succeed. It is kind of like the tower defence games but in 3D with real structural physics where you have to think it trough and then build it up brick by brick. I always enjoyed constructing buildings and structures in Minecraft. And this gives you another aspect: combat level.You also have to set up archers and knights around and organize them in the most effective manner because this game is not forgiving.This game had some issues in past. I think it had developed well from those ""dark ages"" and is now very well playable giving players lots of fun, with even more to come in future.What I dislike: Friendly fire: the archers sometimes hit their own, knights are too weak (in version 0.6x). Sometimes it has to be reloaded due to stuck or unresponsive bricktrons.Final word: I do enjoy this game but is it good for you as well? Do you like building castles and defences? Do you like strategy thinking how to protect your area? Do you like games with combat and some basic resource management? If yes this game is for you too."
76561198014198777,Not Recommended,227860,31497302,Posted: 1 May,all,Vaught,"Game has been in early access for far too long with not enough progress made.I purchased this game 9/29/2013 and after close to 4 years there isn't enough new content/bug fixes for me to want to try playing again. Take that how you will, but be warned."
76561198117798108,Not Recommended,227860,8296070,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sword Smith,"Castle story has the potential to be amazinng but, at the moment, it isn't. The bricktons were very unresponsive, at least for me, and I found it quite boring. There is no tutorial and you have to go into the menu to even find out that some of the most important features in the game even exist. For the first half of my time spent on this game I found myself restarting over and over gain because the building system is flawed, there is no way to undo specific bricks in walls if you make a mistake as far as I can discern and placing even one single brick in the wrong place while laying foundations means that you have to do the whole thing over again. At the moment there is only one map that you can play on and the world editor is disabled. If you do get this game you'll probably end up covering your entire floating island in stockpiles. The game has a lot of pottntial but is held back by some of its own mechanics. The fact that it is based on floating islands looks cool but the game would be much better if it was in a randomly generated non floating world. Do not get it YET."
76561198079678720,Not Recommended,227860,12967513,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sadistic Insomniac,Regret ):
,Not Recommended,227860,12271870,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nadian,"This game looked promising and for an Early Access Game it looked fun in videos and screenshots. But the game has been abandoned, there hasn't been an update in a year or so and no sign of the devs.The game is very un-friendly to new players. It took me a half-hour to figure out how to move my guys. Most of the time when you build they don't even finish what you told them to do. The pathfinding is terrible aswell. The animation are not terrible I have to admit.The game also runs like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥on my $1200.00 gaming pc, constant lag and crashes happen almost everytime you start playing.There is really no point in building becuase you're guys can't compete a simple ♥♥♥♥ing task without any problems like pathfinding problems and sometimes they just stand still. Combat is pointless with the pathfinding so whats left? Nothing  do not waste $19.99 on this game.If they kept patching and updating the game I would not be writing this. A huge waste of money, don't let you're wallet near this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,227860,19200447,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Full Frontal  Yeti,"EDIT update for 1.0:No this is not done. And the devlopers must know this.  A game of this nature hinges entirely on the AI. If the AI is poor then we waste player time and frustrate the player by making them watch as the game does illogical and time wasting actions with the game units (bricktons in our case).There is one demo anyone can see this from. 8 idle workers. One new task to place a brick. All 8 workers will try to complete the one task simultaneously. Moving 7 bricks to the job only to find the job is already done and then move them back to storage.There are many examples but this basic one says it all. A “team” of workers that have no means of communicating anything to each other so as to work as a team.If your game hinges on the game AI functions, and your AI is obviously ""dumb"" from the player POV. making poor and obviously inefficient decisions. Then your game is not actually done being made yet.All the car that makes it look like a done working car, sans all the fuel system functions. So I guess it's not really a done working car then is it?Old early accesss review.I so was ready for this game. However 50 hours of checking it out and almost one year later, I believe these devs may have bitten off more than they can chew realistically. Or maybe just they are a bit too inexperiacned to have a good project managment grasp on things.  The comparison might be to point out that early .99 cent minecraft had more to fill your time than this offers for $20. Lot's of potential here with little to show in the last year that we'll ever see that potential realized.""Has potential, probably won't be realized"" should be a canned check box review available for all early access games by now."
76561197975603364,Not Recommended,227860,12979719,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Sveny,"** April 2015 update**the studio has gone from a bunch of con artists to atleast putting an ""attempt"" at coding / improving the game. but grab a very comfy chair, some wine and a pile of really long books because the with comatose pace of change a glacia looks speedy compared to saurpod studiosits still going to be a long while before your building a castles.its still unplayable, its still nothing more than oversold technical demo, and while i love the proof of concept, i think the only thing going for it right now is the dim flickering light from the candle of hope. That some kind soul might put youtube tutorial on how to code a whole RTS game in unity then send it saurpod studios, and then go over and go over and acutally do it for them.**Out of all 178 purchases on steam there are only two were i honestly feel i have been coned, ripped off, and mislead and really regreate having ever parted with my hard earned funds. Castle Story and Legends of Pegasus.The game is reasonably unplayable, broken, un polishied, there seems to be no ongoing work on other than marketing.Such a waste of a brillant concpet, graphics, and creative spark."
76561198025609995,Not Recommended,227860,14299058,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bob Ross,"Castle Story has been in development for well over a year and in that time not a large amount of progress has been made. However with that being said I believe there is real promise with this game, all be it if it gets finished! There are some things which make it very unique and some which make it mainstream.Pros:- Unique Art Style- Interesting style of gameplay- Enjoyable for Short - Medium play times (1-3 Hours)- Survival is very promisingCons:- Quite buggy in terms of the AI (AI often gets stuck with overloaded orders and enemy can often find pathing difficult)- Variety of units is very limited (Melee Warrior/Archer/Builder:Unarmed)- Limited Gamemodes- Very basic Tutorial (Controls are very simple but was lack of proper tutorial, can be frustrating)- Limited building options (2x2 Block | 1X1 Block | Arch Block | Wooden Pillar | Wooden Plank)- Time period of development is worrying (Over a year and not a large amount of progress)- Pricing (£15/$20) Is very constly for an almost Alpha/BetaOverall the game is fun to play for a Short/Medium amount of time however given the number of issue's addressed above  I would hold off buying it untill there is improvement or unless it is discounted down to around £4-8/$12. However because of these issues I would have to rate it probably a 4/5 out of 10!"
76561198068556237,Not Recommended,227860,14555840,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,enrique0072,fun at first but overtime the games minor updates/changes cause it to get old.The map doesn't change the bricktrons keep locking up and world editor hasn't been available.  instead of focusing on cosmetics elements their focus should be on the charectors locking up.
,Not Recommended,227860,7792065,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Nekochan,"Major rip-off, not even alpha/beta and barely a prototype.  Do not buy this it'll be a waste of money.  Most of the features do not work, and the patches never seem to address the major problems.  There also seems to be a denial that some of the major bugs even exist.The above was in 2013, my new review for 2015Still buggy shovelware, it takes no effort for it to bug out."
,Not Recommended,227860,7800591,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TTThatguy90,I enjoy this game. Its still a bit buggy and lacks the ability to spawn enemys at your command but building the castle and fending hordes of enemies off is always a blast. Watch the trailer it sold me.P.S I would hold off a bit on this game till full release
76561197995167011,Not Recommended,227860,14896004,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The Demon Cleaner,Wow I've waited more than 1.5 years to be able to play more than the one map they have released on survival... I really don't care about the awesome new way the little yellow man walks compared the the not as awseome way the little yellow man walks... just put some content in to make me not feel stupid for paying for this game.
,Not Recommended,227860,13044663,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,moswald,"Sadly, I will have to also join the crowd of ""Do not buy"" reviews. If the developers get their act together and release an update, I'll reconsider."
76561198077575254,Not Recommended,227860,12367524,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sir Colten,"First of all, this game a great idea. Just be aware that this game gets the slowest ever updates. If you know what Cortex Command is you know what I mean. Only buy this if you expect to play it in about oh maybe..... 3 years? Good game if they updated it. Bad game since they hardly do."
,Not Recommended,227860,12883055,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,j05h,"I can't recommend this game yet...so promising, but the controls are wonky and I can't get anywhere in it."
76561198024962321,Not Recommended,227860,15030443,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mr Cheese,"I want to write a good review for this game, I really do. When i bought it i had hoped for a great system to build castles and defend against sieges. But that is not what I got.  The AI is messed up, and will do the bare minimum it can to help you build your supposed-to-be-amazing castles 30% of the time, at best. If you wanst to build something that they will actually make, you've got walls. And thats it. Its mechanics are good, with the mining system, and it certainly has potential. Dont get me wrong, make a half decent AI system and ill gladly re-write this review. But they havn't done that. They spend so much hard work on the visuals, that often they have to release new AI systems with little to no improvement. If this game improves in anything other than the visuals then maybe you should buy it. Until then, no. Massive waste of good money."
76561197988954093,Not Recommended,227860,7781703,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Schrödinger,"When I bought this game I knew I'd face many bugs. That's ok, everybody seemed to have a lot of fun with it anyways. But for some people the game is completely broken, and I'm one of them.I just can't get my Bricktons (the little guys in the game) to do anything. I just updated to the last version and nothing changed.Bugs apart, the interface is really error prone. For example, they used the left click to delete empty tasks so sometimes I just want to select a task but I end up deleting it.So, bugs forcing you to do the same thing many times in order to work, with a frustrating interface, resulted in a really *annoying* experience."
,Not Recommended,227860,10841008,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,El Pacron,"No, just no. Don't buy it until they finish it (like 5 years from now at least)"
76561198028594222,Recommended,227860,32316091,Posted: 10 June,all,Thorendir,"This game was under construction since forever, and rumor had it that developers were lazy and abandoned the game. that is not the case, they ve been very busy improving all sorts of things on this game especially around 2016 / early 2017, and i feel like it paid off.the framerate improved, game got more balanced, missing stuff got added, pvp was added gamemodes were adjusted and in my opinion most importantly, the games difficulty got tweaked.bad reviews may want to reinstall the game."
76561198070216824,Not Recommended,227860,12496110,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dr.StrangeLove,"Developers are taking too long too finalize the product. Silly mistake on my part for purchasing it, I do NOT recommend it."
,Not Recommended,227860,12689517,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Avius,Do not purchase till sizable update is released. There has been no improvement in features or AI since i originally funded this game. This makes it unplayable very quickly with any sizable group of bricktrons.IM VERY SAD at this due to the fact i had high hopes for this game. Alas it seems its dead in the water...
,Recommended,227860,34989746,Posted: 16 September,all,Jodo,"Alright its time I write a review,I've played this game both in earliest days -  mid days and now final release.Had I wrote this review a year ago I would have told you to stay away from this game, with the distance comparable to that of earth and mars. But instead I tell you this, If you think the game looks cute, looks fun, well It is... Its cute, Its Fun, Its unique.Here's how my experience went with this game..Day 1 (few years ago)Crash.. Loadinnnnnn CRASH.... Loadinggg Ouu menu *clicks* CrashDay ??? (year ish ago)Hey man lets play Castle story Multiplayer! (Connections impossible!)Today ?Hey Let's play Castle story Multiplayer! now that its released. Game runs smoothly, New build mechanics are amazing. Much better than the original, granted, I CAN'T say this game is PERFECT.. You will find things you like and dislike about it. Personally I think its just enough to spend some time letting your inner child and creative juices flow.My friends and I tried all sorts of Multiplayer Configurations from Coop, to vs, to team battles.. All went very well (be warned, if you have a newer player on your team.. and he decides to.. well.. zerg rush.. you might just win - thats what happened to us today, very unexpected..) It's also very satisfying to destroy your friends hard work built castles! as they rage at you for betraying them this way.In Single Player, again game ran rather smoothly, there were few little hiccups such as bricktrons (Yellow dudes) still making crafting animation and sound after leaving their crafting task.. Other than that, waves are fairly well balanced gets challenging is fun.So my honest opinion of this game? Should you buy it? Well Maybe... Don't let its past determine its future! If it looks interesting to YOU buy it' play it an hour and a half two hours in single player, learn the game.. test it out see if it works, if it doesn't work for you, so be It' Thank you steammm refund.. Personally, I plan to play this game often enough to recomend to friends.Other Pros :-Good little ""Sims like"" background music.-Actually feels complete.-Canadian Game (ohhhh yeahhhh)Hope this little unorganized probably full of errors review helps ya.Take care."
76561198003291719,Not Recommended,227860,12918953,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Reklin,"Game is critically flawed and nearly unplayable in it's current state. Multiplayer really just doesn't exist. Hopefully the developer is actually developing this, and that someday.. something.. happens.. but save your money till then."
76561198073071139,Recommended,227860,34596215,Posted: 29 August,all,Pant,"Game was in early access for a long time, bought it when it was first release on steam years ago. Loved the idea and the gameplay was fun and the style was attractive. After years went on of the game being very slowly updated and buggy throughout the whole time, I still stuck with it and followed the progress of the game. Then after all these years they started kicking it into gear and updates came more frequently in the past year, fixing so many bugs and adding lots of great content. So at the state this game is in now I recommend the game, the developers have started working much harder and faster fixing the game. Now that the game is fully released it is a great pick up for anyone that enjoys building casual games."
76561198012111093,Not Recommended,227860,29252246,Posted: 14 January,all,M@gpie,"It is just another Dayz Story.In Early access for longer then is acceptable, will never buy another early access game because of games like these.Reinstalled the game after 2 years only to discover it is in the same state."
,Not Recommended,227860,12894321,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,EGF1,Long story short:The workers in the game stop working after a few minutes and thats the end.Look it up on the forums before you buy ths game !!!The first 10 minutes are great fun and then ... then it ends :(EGF1Please don't mind the typos ...They are all part of a bigger plan
76561198102270821,Not Recommended,227860,29813203,Posted: 9 February,all,The Gnome King,"One of the most missleading games I've played the screen shots and videos make it look so much easier and interesting then it actualy is, not to mention it's imposible to figure out how to play without looking up a playthrough or tutorial considering it doesnt have an in game one."
76561197980062594,Recommended,227860,33353995,Posted: 7 July,all,GarGorilla,Development has been a bit slow but it's totally worth the wait.
76561198132471308,Not Recommended,227860,15227156,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SovietMcmuffin,"Alright listen, this game is a great concept, you read the description and think 'wow, this game looks amazing! I should get this!' and you get it and go 'I cant wait to play this fantastic game! Where is the tutorial?'You try to play the game and it makes you angrier than trying to deal with those chaps who always use a sniper rifle at close range.How did this game get such a good review from notch, was he paid?This game takes the cake, takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the cake, wraps it up with a pair of family guy socks, and gives it to you as a birthday present.I bought this game a while ago, realised it was bad, waited a year and what has happend? Nothing. jack♥♥♥♥♥♥Just dont get this game, spend your money on somthing else,"
,Not Recommended,227860,20003195,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ophly,"I've had this game since April of last year and still can't get it to work how it was intended to.Quick list of negatives:- The AI are unresponsive and take so much patience - and in a mode such as survival, you cannot afford the sometimes minutes it takes for some AI to 'think'.- Updates are almost nonexistant, I returned just today after a few months of not playing just to see the changes equivalent to that of a single update in a 'normal' game.- Multiplayer is barren. I have yet to find any servers, and I feel this is more a fault of the developers rather than the community with the huge negative feedback they have received.- Recently, the tutorial seems to be absent.Quick list of positives:+ The GUI is really beautiful - all so clean cut and accessible, with features within are organized wonderfully.+ A great concept, I think,especiallyfor PvP or co-op multiplayer gameplay. Altough I've never seen PvP, or any multiplayer mode for that matter, the idea sounds wonderful.+ A great selection of different building pieces, opening a wide range of possible constructs to defend your 'Bricktrons'.This game is something I think everyone that came here wanted to badly to love; I denied the numbers of negative reviews when I purchased the game, but honestly I don't believe it was a mistake. Although, that may just be my want to love it talking.If I ever see any actual involvement of the developers, I might recommend it. Just don't forget about this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,8584141,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lonerwurld,"TLDR: Looks can be deceiving.At the time of writing, the game is only early access.  As usual, you shouldn't expect too much - the game will be glitchy and buggy, and my opinion of the game takes that into account.Castle Story is basically another sandbox dwarf-fortress-ish game that appears to take a different approach by using much simpler game mechanics.  You don't have to worry about needs such as food and water, but rather just focus on building a functional castle that can defend against attacks.What I like- It looks cool!  It's got the puffy white clouds, the very simple-looking avatars (bricktrons), the lego-like castle building blocks, etc.,- The gameplay is very simple, it has a refined-looking design, something that appeals to me.What I don't like- Although being early-access, the game is barely playable.  I tried really hard to enjoy the game, but couldn't.  I fully expect to find bugs in a beta, but this title is mostly all looks, the gameplay itself is very bad.- There's not much to do in the game - when I say there's not much to do, I mean what you see in those screens is about it.  You can build some stone and wood blocks, and that's about it.This game shouldn't be early access - it should've stayed out of Steam until it was much more ready than this.  The vibe I got after playing is that the developers - while they might mean well - are an inexperienced group desperately reaching for what funding they can get.Here's a good discussion thread for more info.  I came back to it recently to find it locked - which seemed quite unnecessary.  This is another bad sign imo:http://steamcommunity.com/app/227860/discussions/0/648814844593898025/#p10"
,Not Recommended,227860,28285375,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Greasy Churchkhela,"I do not find this game to have any enjoyable aspect. The graphics are average, the story is not yet finished, and the gameplay is less than stimulating and agonisingly slow. That said, it has a nice character."
76561198260548865,Recommended,227860,32300407,Posted: 9 June,all,Zyfosus,"the hype for 0.9 bring features, and most importantly, more players! I'm looking forward to multi-player to be fully fixed so I can meet and play with all these nice people.The auto-assigning AI is great, crafting, the wards, they all make the game so much better, and it makes the game more promising. Its fun, and a great way to test your creativity, and be able to use that castle to battle off those pesky corruptrons!A lot of these reviews are just rude, and all those bugs and glitchs, could have been easily fixed if you actually had taken the time to report, and make sure that they had the report, and were looking into it. They really do try hard to make their game better, and make it more play-able, and enjoyable over-all."
,Recommended,227860,30214961,Posted: 26 February,all,Muaath,I'm actually enjoying the game. waiting for the full release although it took too long already.
76561197985995270,Not Recommended,227860,25296080,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sheatron,"Three years later and this game is still garbage. Playable, with clunky UI, plenty of lag on medium or large maps. Not sure how long it will take them to get this thing where it needs to be but I've given up for another year or so. Save your money or if you feel the need to spend money on something play Stonehearth."
76561198009513837,Not Recommended,227860,14390908,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Janitor,"I'm just going to make this short and simple:Bought the game roughly a year ago. Expected problems. There were.Came back a year later. Expected less problems, perhaps a fully functional game.Disappointment.Please, don't buy the game. Please."
76561197970897152,Not Recommended,227860,13933747,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,RK Limes,"Love the idea of this game.. but it's a game you install every 6-8 months to see how much has changed, to see that the answer is ""Not too much.""My hopes are still high, and with luck someday we'll be playing something one might consider a release candidate.Can't recommend it right now, but I look forward to the day that I can.That said, there is certainly fun to be had, you just have to work a bit harder for it.  This is still early access after all."
76561198061531249,Recommended,227860,21394658,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PrestonSocks,This game really used to suck baadddd but its really actually getting way better i love what the devs have now introduced what I can't wait for is co-op conquest. now the history of the game was bad when the animations were off and the reaction time of the bricktrons were awful but the game really is progressing. loving it now.
76561198009772573,Not Recommended,227860,2595768,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"2 years later....This game was kickstarted 3 years ago with $700,000, almost 9 times more than they asked for. The game has hardly changed since then. Unless they have a big patch stuck in their♥♥♥♥♥ this game will never be what they said it would be. Safe to say you should steer clear."
,Not Recommended,227860,12995763,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TrueSkyrimKing,"Castle Story:Positives: I really interesting and fun concept. Some outlets for creativity. Has great potential as a game.Negatives: It seems development is heavily stalled. Even for early access, updates are coming along slowly and the developers are extremely slow rolling out updates. Updates are pretty solid but more of the core gameplay mechanics need to be revealed to be fleshed out by the EA people. There is nothing to discuss between players on the game because the game hasnt received any significant changes in well over a year, except for their rebuilding of the game engine.I would honestly hold on this game and come back in 6 months. My Current recommendation is No. I dont see the same promise I saw when I bought this game well over a year ago."
76561198019183336,Not Recommended,227860,12961518,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JamesCross,"I bought this game months ago and I've hardly played it since. That isn't because it's a bad concept, its just the fact that thats all it is; a concept. The game has so much promise, and yet, since I've bought it has not been changed one bit. Now that would be fine if what they gave us was actually fun and worthy of the 20$ I spent for it, but that isn't the case unfortunately. Now I'm all for early access, but this game is NOT a good example of it. This is an example of a team trying to do something, releasing it early, and then virtually abandoning it when they see that they're over their heads. Im sad to say given the potential this game had, but do NOT buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,227860,19956787,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wulf,"The progress made on this game is INSANELY slow. For getting $702,516 on Kickstarter back in 2012, there should have been much more progress than this. I don't know how they ""quit our jobs and work on the game full-time"" and the game is still about where it was at back in the ""First Demonstration"" video on their Kickstarter page.Highly likely that they just paid off their student loans for ""game design studies"" and are using the rest of the money to not have to work, while still working on this as a hobby in their off-time or just enought to keep the game up for sale on Steam."
76561197993680722,Recommended,227860,21345052,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Brulogaz,"The last 0.6 update really fixed most of the past issues that gave Castle Story bad rep.The game actually feel like what you would expect after watching the trailer. Defending and attacking in conquest is surprisingly challenging and rewarding. The gameplay is starting to ""feel right"". The new gamemode not only shine because of this new ""map domination"" mechanic but because this update also fix most knows bugs observed by the community."
76561198008825938,Not Recommended,227860,16784394,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,shugorlr,nothing being developped anymore...
76561198139605480,Recommended,227860,33583189,Posted: 16 July,all,Angry_Feminist,Best game i have played in a while. For being a simplistic game it has amazing grafics and fun mechanics. Really recommend this! <3
76561198009664502,Not Recommended,227860,15660981,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hisoka,"I'm sorry but I am severely disappointed in the development team. There has been nothing that is worth mentioning in the changes. I will be quite honest, I bought this game to support it's growth so it can be the game it should be but to no avail. Do not purchase this game."
76561198047819447,Not Recommended,227860,17051167,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Torrack,"Lots of bugs, poor pathfinding, and limited ability to queue multiple actions; save your money."
76561197995385394,Not Recommended,227860,12757438,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pies4every1,This Game feels unfinished because it is. It is in early access but is really hasn't really progressed and I bought it a year ago that says a bit. This game is dead and if it ever goes anywhere I'll be dead by than. DON'T BUY!
76561198068039947,Not Recommended,227860,26748759,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,tiberiu poponovici,The idea behind the game is good. I keep playing it a couple of hours every year in the hope that since last year they managed to implement smth that works. Hopefully by the end of the century after I'm long gone it will be playable.
,Not Recommended,227860,12957222,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Waeno,sad i bought this
76561198057471020,Not Recommended,227860,12301449,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,SilverTongue33,what a bad investment. never any updates. it has great potential but not anytime soon
,Not Recommended,227860,8600311,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[NaCL] American Ass Blaster,all though this game has a very good concept and game play its hard to play this game.the ai cant work sometimes but thats fixible.the only thing thats realy bad is the spawning of workers.you spawn workers/warriors with blue ores.they are at most of the time very hard to get makeing survival harder than normal.4/10 rate
,Not Recommended,227860,9758699,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Pieeer1,"Very good idea. I enjoyed myself for about half an hour, but I felt like there was something missing. I would recommend that you wait until full release to buy this product.EDIT:This game has recieved no major update in 12 months. Lazy developers and unreasonable delays have turned this into ""promising"" into ""abandoned"". Avoid this at all costs."
,Not Recommended,227860,10371689,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,N3xu5,"I've owned this game since at least 3 years ago. I have come back with each ground breaking update that appears in my feed. I reviewed this game with a lengthy rant primarily focused on the idiocy behind their AI system. Things like archers killing friendly units, builders losing all brain function (for many reasons), bottlenecking resource usage with tons of AI loops. I have to say some of it is definitely more polished, and I didn't see friendly fire.Positive Changes:- The UI is much closer to a polished game rather than a mobile app from the last rendition. It has functional graphics options, and looks unique to the game now. UI scrolling bars could be bigger than 2 pixels wide though.- There is clearly more content, more units, and more depth for lengthier play.- From what I could tell archers don't friendly fire anymore, thanks.Problems:The pathing AI still suffers from the same exact issues that I originally complained about in 2014. Granted, it's seemingly not as frequent, but there are some new bugs.- I had a mining worker that couldn't find storage with 9 open storage all on ""accept all"", kept dropping rocks by the crystal.- Infinite loop of bricktrons trying to get past each other around a stump (in the case that I saw).- Randomly braindead bricktrons, still happens, although they don't stay braindead until you restart now. I just moved them away and reapplied their task and they go for it.Fix the bugs with the pathing AI and I'll come back and rate this game recommended. I'd love to play this game's new content fully, but it's still a buggy mess, albeit finally a less buggy mess. I've started and graduated college in the time this game has had these ongoing issues. I genuinely give this game a fair chance each time I try it."
76561197998373781,Not Recommended,227860,19318949,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr. Mole,Wish refund was around 2 years ago....
76561198002076188,Not Recommended,227860,15579727,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,YURA<3,"Might as well buy $20 worth of lard. Why you ask? Because even lard has a use, not like this space-taking money-wasting venture."
,Not Recommended,227860,25822618,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,SarcasticSausageRoll,"I had such high hopes for this game, it's one of those that I re-install every now and again, only to uninstall in a fit of rage; it's been in ""development"" for years now and there's little sign of progress.All the changes and improvements thus far have been minor and superficial, the UI has gone through several iterations, all of which have been inconsistent in their UX, and getting progressively worse - intutitive it is not.The ""A.I"" is appallingly bad, with pathing issues frequently requiring a restart, often they'll just stop working with no indication as to what is going on in their supposedly-existent brains.I really hope this game improves, I really do, conceptually it's wonderful, but the implementation is all wrong."
,Not Recommended,227860,8511950,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[-]Mustikat[-],"not much to say about this game really! should not be a ""Early Access Game"" got it for myself and a friend of mein been playing it for a while and i did not like it and 90% of the game did not work for me! hope it gets better soon!otherwise its a great idea and i would have been fun if it worked..."
76561198022236484,Not Recommended,227860,12874569,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,McLovin,"Don´t buy, no update for ages. Current build gets really boring in a short time.EDIT: Almost a year after review. NOTHING has changed. Nice one!"
,Not Recommended,227860,12294064,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,RedVenge,"Game is Junk. Not updated, Serious problems that are known and not fixed. Not worth a Free download."
,Not Recommended,227860,7598895,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,banzaimonkey,"I think the Castle Story team spent their entire budget on the intro video.There's very little content and the controls are horrendous. I'd love to play the game they're trying to make, but it's not there yet and has a long way to go. Wait and see, imo."
76561198084842194,Not Recommended,227860,14411172,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nutbutter Joe,"I would only recommend this game in later months or even years. Yes it is not complete so I tell you now that you should wait for a while like until  0.5 or something. Believe me this game has so much potential and so I just want to say wait and get it later. It is a fun game in the beginning but, later on it turns to a game you wait to have it updated."
76561197998009827,Recommended,227860,34408926,Posted: 21 August,all,ImmortanConrad,"Kickstarter backer who has followed development since it was announced.I can't help but feel that most of the negative reviews of this game come from the development history instead of what the game actually is now.I'm not going to fill my review with the rocky history this game has had.  It's a bit infamous at this point.While the game does still need a lot of work, i.e. bug fixes, a tutorial, some AI fixes, content, etc., I am GENUINELY enjoying the game in its current state.It took me about an hour of messing around in the sandbox without a tutorial or googling anything to figure out how to play the game and do everything.Again, the game needs a lot more work, but there is finally a truly enjoyable foundation.  I hope the developers continue to update and move forward with it."
,Not Recommended,227860,12125076,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Antimatter,"Been a while, no new content, the developers have no drive to continue the project, could have been a great game, but unfortuneatly they stopped updating content"
76561198021741459,Not Recommended,227860,12429310,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Darodor,"That's game not ready to play.There is potential, but in this state, don't buy it.Maybe I'll play it again and review my comment, but for now, I'm disapointed."
,Recommended,227860,34508417,Posted: 26 August,all,Demigod,"This game has a multitude of positive aspects, with the game design and the potential it has becasue its still a new concept.  But ther are some negative parts such as the bugs and the progress has been alittle slow.Honestly I still love the game and come back to it even to this day, and i will for a long time. Its simply a fun new experience each time you play. From the approach you take in defending your home, to trying new structural designs (and blowing them up)I do hope that the developer adds more to it and gets it out of early access but I want to be clear that it shouldn't be rushed, otherwise we will be left with not only a dissapointment, but a dissapointment that we all wasted years on."
76561198059556253,Not Recommended,227860,20309801,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Joshuawood,"i have inter i5 3570K @ 3.40GHz16Gb of ramand 2x gtx 670'sI can run arma 3 on maz smoooooth as all hell but this game, a good 5-6 fps most of the time and AT BEST 20 fpsAi is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible just gets stuck at random places, causes extreme lagbuilders passing blocks doesnt work, they often phase through eachother and continue what they were doing but have already passes along materials, for example the guy with the brick will pass it on and then go to where he was going to place it but he no longer has the brickGame breaking, and horrendusly unoptimisedHOWEVER i have fun every now and again playing itbut still would not recomend"
76561198066262407,Not Recommended,227860,10530798,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gameling,"I believe I got this game roughly a month after it was released. It has plenty of potential. You had cute little bricktrons, the ability to build big fortresses and a sandbox mode so you can build freely. Fast forward to today, and now you have...some fixed bugs. It has been over a year and no new content has been added. All they have done is fixed some bugs. On another note, what has bothered me was that in survival, you have mines that produce infinite stone and crystals, but in sandbox, you have to dug up the ground to get those materials. Shouldn't it be the other way around? It is fun for a while and might be good for young kids. Wait for it to go on sale if you still want it."
,Not Recommended,227860,8488198,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mr.Cardoso - Roleplay.co.uk,"Too early for a final customer, but has a great potential. Give it time and it will be a awesome game."
,Recommended,227860,33350120,Posted: 7 July,all,CommuNisty,its good game
,Not Recommended,227860,16776178,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DrainoMan,"I've owned this game for a couple of years now. Like others, I expected it to be a fun little sandbox game. Now this is one of the prime examples I don't do early access games on Steam anymore. So little progress has been made on this game in the time I've possessed it, it's completely worthy of me to rate it a Grade A Steaming Mongrel Meal."
76561198051751157,Not Recommended,227860,8598174,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Beefman111,This game might be in alpha but It is completely Buggy. The controls are unsuable. Workers stop doing anything for no reason and they don't give you any kind of warning. Building only works sometimes and building walls is nearly impossible. Invisible walls seem to stop your workers from getting passed but you are not allowed to get rid of them either. Game has great concept but besides that it is a complete lemon of a game. I would recomend not buying this untill they completely fix everything.
76561198039663044,Not Recommended,227860,20327314,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KingQuacker,"I have held out on writing a review for this game for about a year.I thought I would give it a chance. However I think I have waited long enough.From when I purchased this game to now, I think it has gotten worse. It is buggy, slow, and the AI is non-functional.It also crashes regularly.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS  GAME."
,Not Recommended,227860,25385303,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Yeetari vs Kekmet,"The ai just doesn't work properly there's a 90% full stone stockpile and then they make a new one... How are you supposed to build without the stone. EDIT: Apparently I'm getting iron confused with stone however, the ai is still really buggy so, when they fix the ai, I'll probably give this thumbs up."
76561198087198318,Not Recommended,227860,8661770,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ARCHANGEL (ENG),so bad its unrealnothing more to say :|ill revist this review when its outa early access
76561198064284210,Not Recommended,227860,19641934,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Anaconda Al,"I'll keep it short and sweet;  this game makes the DayZ standalone look flawless. I bought it a few days after it was released since I have always enjoyed games involving building and management. It was poorly optimized then too, but I looked past it at first as it was early access. Knowing what I know now I would've requested a refund for my $22 and ran.Pros:Really cool concept.Unique graphical style.Had tons of potential.Cons:The developers gave up on it, if they ever intended to finish it to begin withEvery patch has somehow managed to make the game run worse.AI is glitchy at best, inoperative at worst.Even if you're a diehard fan of the genre, I couldn't reccomend this game to you during even an 80% off sale. As it stands, it is sadly a scam."
76561198045381930,Not Recommended,227860,13014590,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ampere,The game could be very good and funny. Bute the developers are not interested in doing updates. The game does not make any improvement for a year. Better donate your money to africa.
,Not Recommended,227860,12913591,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DukeQ,Bought this game ages ago thinking that it had potential. And it does/did. The problem is that the developers have completely abandoned ship and probably skipped town with all the money they made. No updates in forever means that this game will never be completed and that it has been a huge waste of money for all the people that bought it. I would not recommend this game to anyone because it isn't nearly finished and if you play it for more than 10 minutes you know what I'm talking about.
76561198096852001,Not Recommended,227860,12686382,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ztarps,"I was excited to buy this game ever since I saw the kickstarter.  Too bad my judgement was clouded by that excitement.  The worst part is this sandbox game has serious potential, but with the bugs and frustration from commands not working properly this game is an absolute flop.  Not to mention how virtually no updates have been seen since it came to early access on steam and the only activity from the devs is who is running their sounds or new indie games from ""Friends.""My first few hours of gameplay sucked.  Mining was horrible. The yellow dudes would get stuck in the mines and sometimes all of my Bricktrons would stop moving and become unresponsive to new commands.Don't buy this game, chances are this will sit on your library shelf as a mistake (I'm saying that from experience)"
76561198006527747,Not Recommended,227860,8585312,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nutrodamus,So much is still broken.... I cannot recommend.  Pathfinding is horrible in sandbox.  I click like and no response.  I may change my mind if and when more updateds are added but until they do this game is just about the same for the past 6 months.  01/05/2014
,Not Recommended,227860,8156320,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,"I find this game to confusing, I don't like the idea of having to right-click, select your option then select the sub option to complete a task. In my opinion you should just have to select the minions you want then press 'i' or something and tell them what to do."
,Not Recommended,227860,7839372,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NimrodX,"Sorry, but the UI for this game is still too terrible at the current time. The developers really need to make fixing the horrible UI priority number one! Basically none of the standard UI paradigms used in this type of game are used in Castle Story, and it's impossible to figure out the UI without watching tutorial videos. I actually find Dwarf Fortress much easier to use. It seems like the devs are determined to push context menus and hidden (no UI cues) editing modes as the solution to everything. When all you have is a hammer, all probelms look like nails and all these devs have are context menus, causing them to think that everything can be solved with context menus. Unfortunately it just doesn't work."
76561198026005132,Not Recommended,227860,14965653,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Bobby Java,I have this game for a very long time now and been playing it for 3-4 hours. The most important part in this type of game is AI. This game has the most aweful AI I have ever seen. Workers are dumb at the best. You have to micro manage each one of them because they keep stopping. Your guards keep ignoring enemies. Its so frustrating.....
76561198094780963,Not Recommended,227860,12241119,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,logano10,not worth it
76561198126931790,Not Recommended,227860,13080074,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SibDib,Good concept of a game but it just sucks a load of crap. sorry i cant be more specificDo. Not. Buy. This. Game.
,Not Recommended,227860,19921529,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Justin,"It's a very fun game, but even my monster of a computer cannot handle it after a few nights. For nights 1-2, I'm getting a solid 60 fps. By night 5, that has dropped to maybe 10. I just made it to night 9 this afternoon, and it was barely giving me a frame every two or three seconds. If I save and quit, I'll get a small performance boost for a minute or two the next time I play, but then it becomes extremely jumpy again. There is some bug or leak in the code that just makes this game absolutely unplayable.I'm sure this would be a major hit, but the performance problem completely destroys it."
76561198025012341,Not Recommended,227860,10840334,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boomon,"Don't buy this game after a year of owning it there hasnt been any significant update to the alpha build, the controls are so difficult and the ai is so clunky you will never build anything like the cgi trailer"
,Recommended,227860,32303178,Posted: 9 June,all,RiceWizard,"Development slowed down for awhile, and it's certainly been in Early Access for awhile but it's really been shaping up recently."
76561198006545785,Recommended,227860,34605287,Posted: 30 August,all,Rococho Ranger,"Please don't be put off by the ""mixed"" review status.  It is largely because of a lot of the negative reviews when the game was still buggy during Early Access.Regarding the above, this isn't a game I ever thought I would recommend.  I was one of the early backers, and when it was released as a playable beta it was clumsy, buggy as hell and very dissappointing.  I choked it up as wasted money and uninstalled.  When I got the notice that it had hit full release I decided to try it again, and I'm damn glad I did.In the last 2 weeks I have sunk nearly 30 hours into this.  The gameplay is a little tricky to get the hang of, but once you think in the right way it runs very smoothly.  The AI has great pathing, there is great variety in tactics and the three modes allow very different ways to play.there are a couple things I'd like them to introduce, such as a way to copy/store the blueprints of buildings you create and a way to zoom to the unfinished parts of a task.  But over all I am loving the game, and can see myself sinking a hell of a lot more time into it.An early access success if you ask me.  I just hope more people give it a second go and reconsider their first reviews."
76561198000567382,Recommended,227860,28611167,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,aduda,"While I get the frustration with waiting eons for a game's completion, there are clear indicators before purchasing that this game is incomplete. The game has bugs, but they're squashed relatively quickly thanks to a responsive and dedicated development team. The game could have more content, but your expectations should have been lowered when you saw this was early access. Plus the mechanics and gameplay are clean and, from watching earlier videos, have clearly been iterated on with care.I don't feel like I've been lied to by the devs about this game's state, and for an early access game I've had a tremendous amount of fun playing it. I look forward to Castle Story's completion whenever it happens, and I hope the devs aren't discouraged by the negative reviews that solely cite the game's slow dev schedule.tl;dr Manage your expectations before buying this or any game. Like a good early access game, mechanics are solid, gameplay is fun if you like RTS-type games that are more in the micro management end of the spectrum, content was lacking but is now solid and constantly improving."
,Not Recommended,227860,20792117,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,czubeka2,"I've quite rare opportunity to write negative opinion. This game is fantastic, but after 0.5 update it crashes on loading screen. I tried run it on every screen resolution, every quality level, and it doesn't gets up above 0 percent. I have Windows 7, but I've downloaded Windows 10 and installed it on virtual machine, but it still doesn't work. This is my first and last early access game. Big minus, promised to be interesting.PS. Yeah, 10 hours I've played when this game was prototype. Rest time I spend on loading screen."
,Not Recommended,227860,12682973,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sears,"I've not seen a single thing improve upon this game since I first bought it.  At first, I thought the game was just not for me, and then I started looking around and realized I'd made a horrible purchase on the game itself.  The development team, as posted by other reviewers, has been on record as one of the least professional teams I've ever found.I suppose for what it is the game in this state can maybe be fun for an hour, if you're bored. It sure lasted me a whole hour before I began to get buyer's remorse, and haven't touched it since."
76561197983069157,Not Recommended,227860,19540049,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,LoneRedWolf,"I can't believe they actually made it worse.  Where did the survival mode go?  I left the game for at least 6 months to see if they would make improvements.  They apparently added new shaders and new animations, but have still forgotten to build a game.  Pretty damn lame.And the new shaders don't render correctly on a mac.Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about HDR lighting if you don't have a game.Real artists ship.  You are not artists."
76561198014236402,Not Recommended,227860,11758869,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,jlsenterfitt,Basically zero content. You'll be bored within an hour.
,Not Recommended,227860,11761073,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Foxy,I used to love the idea of this game but by now I do not believe in it anylonger... I just don´t think it will be finished... it took them one month to add a pause function and it has been in development for over 1 1/2 years by now and nowhere near finished... I will update this review once the game gets more playable but right now I am disappointed with how slow development is progressing...
,Not Recommended,227860,12380863,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,scatchman,"Very bad controlling system, can't play this. =("
,Not Recommended,227860,11928057,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zur-Thurn,"Just to start, i liked the game it was fun to play, build things, explode barrels inside towers to see them fall, and the survial was fun. But to me it wasn't memorable to save the worlds i had, nor did i had the insentive to do so. the game is great to a point, gathering materials, building from bloack by block plank by plank was fun because it made you think about the design of the castle, or tower, or anything you were making. but that is where the fun ends.Your not able to move dirt, level dirt, nothing to help build the best structure. i found a lot of times where i am building things ans the dirt wouldn't level when i placed a stone block on it, even if it was lowered into the ground i face the same problem. i also came to major bug of the brickons frezzing up and not responding which made the game unplayable at times.Overall dont spend the money on this game till they fully release it with all the bugs fixed, save the money on something else. the game is fun, but it has a lot of bugs still in the game at the moment."
76561198030457655,Not Recommended,227860,26462292,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TopCat,In development for too long. Just a money grab.
,Not Recommended,227860,16754186,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Avarones,"I bought this game when the Early Access started, I liked it and I thought that this game was very promissor. But now, after a lot of time, the game is the same that I played months ago, Almost nothing changed. I won't play this anymore for a long time."
76561198025867588,Not Recommended,227860,8582448,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Entilys,Bought it and sent 30 minutes trying to figure out how to play it only to give up.Completely unplayable in its current state
,Not Recommended,227860,20515964,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,蛤里斯横断注意,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author“Please be sure to read THIS DISCLAIMER before you buy the game, it will give you an insight on what is or isn't actually working!Even that link lead to a 404,I've got to admire DEV's sence of humor.Anyway, just find anything better, rather than click ADD TO CART"
,Not Recommended,227860,8556248,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,boggler,Bought it at the Winter Sale 2013/14. This is just a snap-shot of the early access of the game. There a a lot of problems in pathfinding and prioritizing. The minions freeze too much. Can't recommend it yet.
76561198006568777,Not Recommended,227860,8577322,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mws2,"Conceptually very cool but in its current state entirely unplayable . Watch in amazement as your workers freeze doing the most rudimentary of actions like pick up a log or placing a stock pile. Also forget about mining, I have never seen a worker not get stuck coming out of a tunnel. In my first game alone I had to restart within less than a minute as all my workers were carrying logs which they refused to drop (even when commanded) in order to build a stockpile (necessary for resource collection).Much dissapoint."
,Not Recommended,227860,8491140,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,henryforprez,"This game, in it's current state, is just not very fun and playable. There are too many bugs and the controls are a bit wonky still."
76561198044270489,Recommended,227860,33045334,Posted: 30 June,all,Combat Rabb1t,"Perfectly fine game, I don't have many hours on it yet but my brother has bought it for me and we are having a blast toghether! If you want to do a 2v2 with me and my bro contact F3ar m3 in comments.Pros:cute little gameno lagVERY CREATIVENice little simple crafting systemCons:Multuplayer is hard to come bythe Ai can be dumb occasionallySuggestions:Add spear units ;-;Verdict? 7.8/10 the game is fun but not complete but hey it's beta. If your rating thumbs down because the game took 4 years to get to where it is now go ahead and program a AI to build a building with individual blocks an the ability to co-operate with many ai at the same time. Keep up the great work Saurapod!"
,Recommended,227860,32964046,Posted: 28 June,all,Tommy,"The devs actually came back. Everyone that posted a neg review I rec you try the game again. This new update seems to fix a lot of issues while also adding new aspects of the game. Originally I would not have recommended this game but after seeing a new spark in the dev's passion for this game, I would totally buy for $16(sale price) or 20$(normal price)."
,Not Recommended,227860,17172076,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rorsten,"This game has the potential to be good yet with bugs and not many content updates, it falls short of expectations 4/10"
76561198057743877,Not Recommended,227860,17272635,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DoubleKabuki,"Another early access release that will probably never get finished.  All developers claim they are ""offering"" early access as a means to get the community involved in creative aspects of the game. Or for bug testing reasons. The fact of the matter is they are more than likely in a financial bind and have no other means of finishing the game. Thus, they decide to market their unfinished piece of crap under false pretenses. And once they realise that they have milked their target audience already by selling them an unfinished game. Finishing said game would be pointless in terms of financial gain. We see it time and time again. Its probably time we stop buying into ideas. Ideas dont provide hours upon hours of entertainment."
76561198091467820,Not Recommended,227860,30519276,Posted: 14 March,all,Solumn Trade,"I DO like this game. But there are some issues. The biggest, glaring issue, is that castles are simply are NOT the meta in this game. The second is that, despite being a micromanagement simulator, micro in combat does not fly well, although it's absolutely necessary. The first thing I'd like to advise is, save often, and if you lose ANYONE in the hoard mode, you need to reload the save.Now, about the castles part. They simply ARE NOT the most effective defense. You are building castles against creatures that have the ability to punch through walls, and eat several arrows, essentially anti-castle creatures. You don't even have all the historical options to build the castle with anyway. You will simply lack the ability to create arrow slits, machicolations (although I suppose you can make one with the beams and beam slot block, I don't think the archers can use them), and proper gate houses with murder holes. Even if all these things were possible, the micro required to manage these things just isn't there.I've tried several occasions to build a proper keep, three bricks thick. I got to four or five bricks tall before they started completely overwhelming the defense, drilling a hole into the wall, and using that hole as cover. At a certain point, the repair and reset time eats up all your gathering time, meaning the castle will never be completed before you've lost. Now, it seems that, if you leave the castle without a door, you can minimize the damage to the castle, but then your Bricktrons are vulnerable, and at the mercy of you managing their own stupidity.If you want to get to high rounds, it seems the proper way to go about things is to create mazes, full of hurdles that will slow the Corruptrons down. You want to give the Corruptrons a seemingly easy path to your crystal, so that they aren't compelled to break any walls. It takes them extra time to climb up and jump down from blocks. Then, you want to line up your archers so that they face down a long corridor of hurdles, and have your knights hiding around a corner at the end. But getting to high rounds isn't necessarily what I bought the game for, it was more or less for building castles while doing it. Which isn't the most efficient way to accomplish getting higher rounds. That's a problem, in my opinion.Now, about it being a micromanagement simulator. Many people have had problems with the Bricktron building AI, but I've overcome it simply by realizing the sort of order they do things. You cannot create an entire castle in blueprints, and simply let them go about it. It's all about LAYERS. In order to make sure they build things in proper order, you must only place the bricks that immediately come next. So I'm okay with the building AI, more or less.But then comes the combat AI...it's frustrating. Perhaps the tools exist that are a better option than trying to click on a weak Knight and spam-clicking so that they will retreat, or clicking on a tiny point in the command bar (which doen't show which unit is injured), but I haven't found it. There are commands to make the Knights stand still, but they WON'T. Almost every time you try to force them back to the crystal for healing, they immediately want to run back and die (that is, if you tried to build a keep around your crystal like me. If there's enough distance that the AI will not detect the enemy, i.e. the end of a maze build, they won't be as stupid). When in a cluster, it's hard to select the Knight you need to fall back, and it's really annoying that sometimes they won't give you time to select other wounded Knights to fall back before they suicidally try to jump back into the fray and get themselves killed, not to meantion blocking other troops that need to fall back. As for Archers, they have trouble aiming downward.If I were to make suggestions, I would like to ask Sauropod studios to take a look at other RTS games, as well as do more research on actual castles, and make improvements based upon that. A good way to improve the AI is to give the option for a proper stance system, that doesn't reset every time you are trying to move them. Also, clicking in empty space should deselect all things, rather than having to click on the task to unselect. Remove the number keys from the task list, they aren't used and are better suited for creating groups.It is possible to soldier through these faults, but many quality-of-life changes are needed."
,Not Recommended,227860,17983911,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jay_Do,This game look very promising at first. So I bought it. It was kinda fun but I couldnt really hold on to it for some long due to the lack of things to do. So... I waited.. A Year or two has gone by and nothing significant has changed. It seems the game has died or the developers have died. Im not sure what they are doing. Even Schine devolpers faster then this and he was a 1 man team for 5 years.
76561198069568901,Recommended,227860,24594449,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lokasolo,It looks like devolopers woke up ! At last :D !!! Yeeey :D !!!
76561198058240465,Not Recommended,227860,8526674,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Stray,"Completely unacceptable for Steam to allow this game to be distributed in its current state. Castle Story is still unplayable. The development team should feel ashamed of themselves for delivering this mess, considering all the money, good will and hype they got from their Kickstarter project. They've wasted all three."
76561198045523318,Not Recommended,227860,26152080,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SuperPyroManiac,"I've had this forever now, had it before it was on steam. When it first came out is was really cool, then I got sick of it for a few years, come back, and now it's much worse than it originally was. There are translation issues, and even parts where it's not even english. The graphic setting have been removed, game looks horrible, and pixelated. The screen resolution is only up to 720p, normally that is okay with laptops and small screens, but I have a large desktop monitor that supports 4k, so 720p doesn't fit propperly and looks terrible. The AI is horrid, they get stuck contantly, don't build in the proper order causing issues. Oh yeah the game is unstabler, crashes, major lag, high memory usage. It's worse then when the first previews came out 3 years ago. The forums they say ""Yeah our bad, hopefully we can fix it in the future."" Honostly if you're looking for a game similar i'd reccomend banished. This game will never be finished, and is broken."
76561197966107707,Not Recommended,227860,12285189,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bones,This was orginally a kickstarter funded game that then went to early access. there is been no worth while progress. avoid.
,Not Recommended,227860,10853514,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,apow,"Don't bother. Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that might be worth it in a few years, but is a total waste of time and money right now."
,Recommended,227860,18785219,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hemming,"I really want this game to work, I really do!! It has been in a halt for such a long time now that the user has lost it's temper.. And I don't blame them.. Laggy gameplay after a while, really bad path finding, AI goes into halt, etc...For a long time now - really small updates have been happening in the game, so small that it has actually annoyed the user more than it has satisfied them. But the developers have finally done something right. Every friday, there is a livestream on twitch, where we see them working on the game in different aspects. Error testing the game, modeling upcoming objects and writing and correcting their code. This tells me that they haven't abandoned the game.I can see the potential in the game, when it's fully optimized and the mechanics are fully formed.There's nothing quite like Castle Story in the market. Some like building, others see exploration, and what I see, is minecraft meets age of empires."
76561198000446017,Not Recommended,227860,10689041,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jeremymo,"sucks, broken, terrible camera, waste of my time and money. How can something that looks so fun be such the opposite"
,Not Recommended,227860,21717680,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Zam,"A great game in theory. An absolute clusterf- in execution.AI is a mess and the content is barren. On top of that, this game has been in early access for years with little to no updates, so don't go buying it thinking that it'll pay off in the future. It won't.Just save yourself the agonizing pain of regret and avoid this thing like the plague."
76561198044778111,Recommended,227860,31534250,Posted: 3 May,all,edc3322,"I stopped playing this game after the developers gave up on it, so I was really suprised to see that they had not only returned, but had made significant progress.  My main complaints are that:1. The brickitrons are SO dumb, they don't have any concept of optimization, or even efficiency, but at least they don't get stuck frequently like they used to2. Difficulty scaling is WAY off.  Like super way off. The survival mode even on easy difficulty is harder than the hardest difficulty of conquest, and my suspicion is that it is caused by the number of brickitrons you can spawn. Also, the medium sized corruptions' rock throwing is pretty OP considering there's no counter and it leads to the inevitable death of your archers, who either don't heal, or heal so slowly I couldnt tell.3.  Seems like there are some serious lag issues when you have a sizable number of brickitrons.Overall it's definately been worth the money to me, but it definately not free of issues."
,Not Recommended,227860,7802468,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bork,"The ♥♥♥♥ing game crashes when I start it, but it worked yesterday... Going to mail steam support now. I want my money back. This should be reviewable on metacritic so I can give it a 1!!"
,Not Recommended,227860,29876782,Posted: 12 February,all,Kelacktrick,"Bad controls, bad gui. bad bad bad I do not reccomend it"
76561198246401112,Recommended,227860,32710730,Posted: 23 June,all,KingGamer22,10 out of 10 after the recent update i understand how some people didnt like it befor but look at it now its so much better and i cant stop playing
76561198069170025,Recommended,227860,33143672,Posted: 2 July,all,Stopie,"(As of .9 overhaul)Fun,multiplayer now working, new crystals worth the buy.8/10just needs more story/late game content for 10/10"
76561198038419688,Not Recommended,227860,11119894,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Fictional Hero,"I have owned this game for over 8 months. Nothing has changed in the game. The AI is still horrible, the game is buggy and the  Devs are more interested in Dev Blogs, going to conferences, moving and other personal things instead of actually working on the prototype game that has been on EA since day 1.I was hoping that after the refactoring patch, that took 6+ months, the promises of Content and fixes would be forthcoming. This is not the case. They still are talking about doing stuff with no actual progress in the game. Maybe in 4 years, its already been out for 2, they will have added a pumpkin or maybe even an Easter bunny."
76561198121546499,Not Recommended,227860,19381136,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,John_Trollinsky,"I've been waiting for over 2 years now, and you still can't find any NPCs in this piece of s_hit of a f_uck game.  Keep it up Devs, our stolen money should serve you well."
,Not Recommended,227860,15756379,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,"After watching the video and buying this game, I feel I was scammed."
76561198203380015,Not Recommended,227860,22386401,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kryblade,"I really want to like this game. But survival mode is just to damn hard. They need to give you more options, you start off with one warrior and one archer... ok... then the timer between waves is just too short. Considering how slow the bricktons build. I'v been playing survival on the small map for awhile now & i still haven't even came close to erecting an actual castle.Other little stuff annoy me like beartraps and how you manually have to lay and fix every single one. The lack of hotkeys!!! Or how you can't pause in build mode. For example i burned all of my time trying to figure out how to landscape and had like 2mins left before next wave. Also can we get a 'King' unit, a brickton that really breaths life into the game? Idk either that or give me more options... let me set the timer at least because its just too short and the bricktons are too slow its so damn annoying.I want to recommend this game but i can't"
76561198012786773,Not Recommended,227860,17684477,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RockOnNinja,"I actually like this game, A LOT.I decided to give it some time to get updated and become more 'whole'.I gave it 2 years, and coming back after 2 years I only noticed 2 changes,Early Access? More like early rip off, don't give them any more money, it obviously wont go into the game."
,Not Recommended,227860,24830969,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LessLuck,"I got the early access to this game for about 2 years ago or so, and I had my hopes up for the developers and the game itself this whole time. With seeing that the game right now updates pretty often I can tell that it is going in the right direction, although I see many bugs like bricktrones pathfind problems and them getting stuck anywhere pretty much for no reason still occur pretty often. I really wish I had a tutorial about how to build an actual castle, step by step with showing how most of the stuff works cause I found myself pretty much unable to build a simple watchtower for the archer (probably cuz i'm stupid). As of the version 0.7.5 the game looks pretty much laggy and unstable sometimes (at least for me) I got some relaxing expirience in the sandbox mode while I was calmly trying to build something what should look like a castle, but I didn't hook me up for long. Then I tried playing conquest mode which I found pretty boring cuz of corruptrones attacking me every 5 minutes while I was trying to build something, it's got annoying pretty quick so I just left, the only thing I haven't checked is the multiplayer mode (cuz no friends) which should be fun in my opinion cuz of many things you might do with your friends from PvP to ""who's the largest?"".Overall I think that at this point with the developers hardly working on the game right now this game has a very good potential in the future, but for now in my opinion this game isn't something what you want to buy right now. You should definately keep an eye out for this game cuz there's nothing like this out there, for now you can just find something else to play.I might change my opinion in the future, depends on how the game will change."
76561197971309698,Not Recommended,227860,19748182,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DooM_Hades,"The idea is good, but it becomes vitually implayable after about an hour due to excessive lag. This could be forgiven if the archer AI at least was capable of selecting targets they could actually fire at, as opposed to trying to shoot through walls, friendlies, etc. And even if those issues are not at play, they will stand idle when the nearest enemy is standing below them at the wall, where, remarkably enough, actually dont attempt to shoot through the wall. Nor will they attempt to shoot at an enemy a little further away. They will simply stand and wait for their inevitable demise. Alas their fire cant even be micromanaged due to lag.So at this point you figure, well what the hell, lets toss in the infantry to kill em. After 4-5 lag-killed attempts to drag a selection box around them, you resort to clicking the select all button. Send them in, by clicking at the enemy. The result natually being that most of them end up atop the wall, rather than go outside and kill the enemy. So, the next time round you click outside the wall and pray to god that their AI routine kicks in before they are slaughtered. They usually stare off a good 5 seconds in the distance before this happens, and a lot can go wrong in this time. And did I mention lag?It's a shame, I really liked the concept, but there is just no way to make this game work - these sort of issues should have been filtered out a long long time ago in a 3 year development process as they really dont take long to fix. I dont think this game will end up as advertised."
,Not Recommended,227860,10107396,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,VuktheWolf,"I Don't recommend this, As of right now its a money trap, with little to do, and no instructions."
76561198045982461,Not Recommended,227860,20303368,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Buzkiller,"I've tried to hold out for this game to be fixed for over a ear now but I honestly can not justify this purchase anymore, simply put this is nothing but a scam to make money for the developers and all I can say is for your own wallet do not buy this game that is little less than a demo."
,Recommended,227860,23636662,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FH | Kehmicle,"Alright, so I've been following this game since before its alpha release on kickstarter and heres what I have to say. I absolutely love and have loved this game ever since I discovered it, but there have been some setbacks in its history. There was a long period where many fans were worried this game had stopped being developed and were all glad it has continued. The new gamemodes and maps as well as multiplayer are really great advances since the beginning. The only problem I have with this game is that the pathfinding and task AI of bricktrons is much less smooth than the AI of corruptrons. This makes sense because the corruptrons dont have to harvest resources or build anything. Unfortunately this stops me from getting very far in survival mode or reaching a victory in Conquest. This is a bit upsetting as these games can take up quite a bit of time... Then again, perhaps im just not very good. 8.3/10"
,Recommended,227860,33165735,Posted: 2 July,all,TKthaGeneral,"Really glad they keep updating content; however, I get HUGE FPS issues all the time. Hope they eventually do a little more optimization in this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,13766921,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Commander,I had high hopes for the game when I bought it a year ago. It's sad to come back to it after a year and see basically no real progress.
76561198031301424,Not Recommended,227860,26346164,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MasterchiefGary,"I bought this game years ago, and it was in early access back then. And still is now, and still doesn't work properly. Wow. I actually feel Steam should have a regulation for this bull***t. I want my money back, after so many years.I learnt my early access lesson on this shoddy game, but you shouldn't. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,8631199,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,opticalplasma lmao im not dead,"I do not reccomend this game because, the controls are hard to learn, and it isn't worth the money at this point in time, but, maybe it might be worth the money sometime later!"
,Recommended,227860,21399205,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DodgeRider26,"There are a lot of reviews that are negative but the vast majority of these address the game in its former state. This review is for the 0.6 Update. Remembering that this game is still in an Early Release state you should expect bugs, glitches, incomplete functions, and less features than a full game. All disclaimers aside I played the game for about an hour tonight and for the first time in several years I finally feel like the game has progressed somewhere. This most recent patch added new gameplay modes and fixed the most gamebreaking bugs that have been around forever (the AI and AI pathing algorithms causing Bricktrons to become stuck doing nothing and unwilling to take any further commands). During the hour of play tonight I ran across no bugs and the longest it took any Bricktron to understand my commands and obey was about 2-3 seconds. Compared to the hours in the past where they would just stand around this is a HUGE improvement. Further, none of them decided to suicide themselves off the side of the island.In it's current state I see many further updates will be needed to complete the game, yes, however it's finally at a point where I can start playing it and enjoy the game. I'm headed to bed now but I'm excited about waking up early to continue my save where I left off tonight. That's a first for me on this game."
76561198090958499,Not Recommended,227860,17512861,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,nick,"hasn't changed in 2 years, no mans sky built a game with an equally as small team so i would consider it aa total failure and a moneygrab"
76561198035779948,Not Recommended,227860,13753160,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lu$ty,"The game was so poorly optomized, I was experiencing series frame rate issues when my computer runs games like titanfall at 60+fps.The interface was frustratingly unintuitive and poorly explained. Nothing was easy to do as it should be.Developement is suspiciously slow.Prime example of why you can't trust early access anymore."
76561198035561651,Recommended,227860,21597142,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jack,"I used to have a negitive review on this game, I had gotten it when it first came to steam i really enjoyed it. But the developers abandoned it at the time. I frequently check back to see the updates for the game because I had high hopes for it. I know see the developers taking the game more seriosly and thought my old negetive review was no longer correct. The game itself is nice and relaxing the only problem was the AI and difficulty to do things, but through the constant new updates and the game finally getting attention from the developers I feel that they have done a pretty good job to fix that problem. I really liked to see the developers getting back to the game and not just leaving it abandoned even though there is not a large community for it, they really stepped up their game and cleaned up their mess. It used to be a game that I had regret buying and it made me sad when I saw it in my library, but now I like seeing it there, Its nice to get on the game a relax and play it when I get burnt on my other games. So when you see the games review as mostly negetive thats old news, the game has changed now and should totally be given a second shot and in my opinion is now  worthy to buy and enjoy."
76561198028754012,Not Recommended,227860,20782843,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,tree8125,"this game sucks and no matter how long I seem to stop playing it and come back to it further down the road it still sucks I got a really beefy computer and this thing lags terrible the bricktrons constantly get confused and get stuck where they are for periods of time as far as this game being ""Early Access"" how many years can a game be early access before it's not really Early anymore do not buy this crapCame back to it today after their being an update still crap the bricktrons are still easily confused don't make complex blueprints thinking that they'll figure out where everything is supposed to go or you'll get can't find path to blueprint or can't find resources or unknown error how long has this game been out and the most basic feature of building castles with your bricktrons still sucks as much as did when it came out they seem to be able to rename game modes but as far as actually fixing their crap programming nope and they can seem to add in new stuff as well but just like all the other early acess games out there they can add new stuff to keep the few who play this crap slightly amused and not fix anything that should have worked from the begining period but that being said when it does work it's fun but it works too little too often to be alot of fun and just when you think the game is finally going good it crashes11/26/16 still crap i would elaborate but at this point it just feels like beating a dead dog to death"
76561197990487862,Not Recommended,227860,12835794,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Perv[P]anda,This game is dead
,Not Recommended,227860,12469799,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,karolans,"What seemed like a cool concept becomes the biggest fraud I have ever seen on Steam, literally nothing happened to this game since over a year. The devs keep posting useless and misleading stuff without actually developing the game. Don't touch this one."
76561198063470294,Not Recommended,227860,12480573,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Leran,"nope, don't buy it.no updates and it's to easy.you just build a wall, mass archers and watched bored how the attackers die and your stock-piles never get empty.even if they damage something, you never lack of stone.Update Dec2015:they knock you now down with throwed stones and there is now a 2nd kind of ""dangerous"" units. mass-archer, moving in the fields: you don't even need a wall anymore. just kite them."
76561197972175314,Not Recommended,227860,12505551,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Shrugged,"Very poor execution.None of the features asked for by the community have been implemented. No real progress has been made in the game.In fact, what made me write this review was trying to play a hard survival only to fail over and over again bc the friendly archers and warriors are too stupid to kill a single enemy. Literally watched my warrior and an enemy exchange places 10 times running back and forth trying to hit each other....This tells me the coding is very poorly written and the AI, which should be one of the more outstanding features, is the worst features in the game.Total deal breaker for me when im doing everything right and broken game mechanics kill my minnions.I give it a 3/10 only because the music and sounds are high quality, but everything else is attrocious. Really have tried to enjoy this game, perhaps closer to development the game will be more playable."
76561197962753118,Not Recommended,227860,8515130,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Balls_6,This game seems great in concept but the controls need to be fixed in a major way. the camera controls need work and the user interface should be be simpler or at least work smoother. If these things are fixed it would be an amazing game.
76561198049594333,Not Recommended,227860,8545381,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Я хз как так....,"Rule out the game from the list of games that I am waiting . Why ? Yes, because it does not develop . Certainly not! In the latest update the developers have promised Fixed bugs . Moved to a new sound engine . I do not know what they went there , but boiling kettle whistle managed to remove only twisting environment sounds to zero. AI still impenetrably stupid yellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the uptake into the stand and what to do. A small example , cut down a tree, lies 3 logs. 3 briktrona sent to pick them up , run the chain , first get to the logs , it takes .... the other two hang think are sent to another log. Second briktron takes a log last zavisaet.dumaet running the latest . I am not familiar with programming , but also because it is clear that the same briktrony selected logs and instead of checking with the choice of his running mate, they are aware of this option only when they set the log is already taken . Why are they so painfully long choosing the next target , a mystery to me . And nothing , but this has been almost half a year ! For eighteen months the studio releasing full games . Someone seems to but because it's indie . EPT , yes they got 700,000 bucks! Why with this funding and a half years, it not only has evolved ( into the gameplay has not moved a single step from the time display on the kick starter , added a new barrel torch the menus , everything. ) But do not get rid of many bugs ? Ponder and a half years + 700 000 dollars. And the game is still in an early alpha stage , with bugs that nobody fixes and with the same dull yellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Why not hire a normal sane programmer , but he would have half a year it would be licked , why the game is not cluttered with new chips ? (Well, that is clear, add new bugs as old ones are not brought no sense ) So nah nah . Out, then we'll see , but for now nothing to talk about"
,Not Recommended,227860,11686655,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,M3llow,Production slow as ♥♥♥♥ and boring as hell
76561198028463467,Not Recommended,227860,25808768,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,superspartan2,In 3 years nothing has really happend to this game don't waste your money 0/10
76561198119679699,Not Recommended,227860,11576190,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Lukie LeSkywalker,Its not a bad game I just wish they would update it more Frequant I sugguest you get it when it is Fully Released
76561197998231167,Not Recommended,227860,12149670,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Khadgar,Took money and... disappeared.
76561197968981505,Not Recommended,227860,12458260,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,d3r3kzvtt0n,I want my money back. Nothing has changed since I purchased. This really is a poor example of what the early access concept was originally designed for.
76561197969449223,Not Recommended,227860,12452561,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dogen,Like all the reviews have said... unfinished game by some devs that seem to be in over their head. Definitely not recommended unless/until a lot more substantial work is done on the game.
76561198098529767,Not Recommended,227860,30384164,Posted: 7 March,all,theo ba,I bought this game 3 years ago and its still in early access. It needs help. It hasn't grown up. please save it.
,Not Recommended,227860,8490710,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,.vAs.Odine,"At the moment, I would say that you might want to wait until the full release of the game. Even then, keep an eye on the reviews. The game just doesn't play very well, it's buggy, it's confusing to get started as there is no tutorial mode as far as I could see. This game has potential, and I know that it is Early Access at the moment, but it needs a lot of work done to it for it to be a decent game. For now, as I said, sadly I wouldn't recommend this game at the moment."
76561198041300599,Not Recommended,227860,8564031,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mister.Boomerang,this game was no funI never got any worker the first few times the game as no starter step by step gameplayits hard to play whats so ever I would not recommend this game at all
76561197973410483,Not Recommended,227860,9178072,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jeesus,"Game has some good features and good idea, but lack of AI makes playing really enoying. I wont recommend the game if you want good game experience, but the idea is good if bugs are being fixed. Lets see how developing team can fix this issues."
76561198076369304,Not Recommended,227860,9203178,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,JKyle21,"This game has good potential but while i play it the workers freeze and when i tell them to do another task they do nothing this usually happens for the building task, the workers just refuse to do it and i have no clue why. That is why i do not recomend this game at the moment because it just doesn't work, i will play this game once it is fixed but until then i do not recommend this game..."
76561197977236585,Not Recommended,227860,8687391,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,mrbay,"In the current (beta) state I'm not recommending this game at all to anyone but the hardcore players who don't mind weird (annoying, unintuitive, often useless) controls or lack of content (the latter is becoming less of an issue lately).I'd like to point out that I do know what the term ""Early access"" means. I do understand that bugs can happen, and I'd easily recommend the game should it be just buggy. But the controls I'm complaining of have been just as annoying as they are now for a year (since the prototype) so it's really hard to consider that as a ""bug"".The devs are working on bringing more and more content to the game and fixing bugs, but the work is amazingly slow (this  beta was at first promised for fall 2012, was then postponed; the prototype came out more or less a year ago by now and apart from new game modes and multiplayer it wasn't much different back then) and some things just never change.The UI and controls have been more or less revamped since the original prototype but are still just as annoying and unusable as they were in that prototype - or even worse.The most basic yet most important action (building blocks) is hard to reach in a weird menu that currently (as far as i know) you can only open by first selecting the builder group then holding the right mouse button and moving the mouse (???) to make the radial menu pop up; while taking a screenshot can be reached by just one click on a dedicated button on top of the screen.Camera movements are less annoying now (you don't have to hold a separate button just to make the camera move/zoom by the mouse) but are still weird compared to any other games I've played.I haven't tried multiplayer so far as sadly my buddies were smart enough not to buy the game yet.The sounds got better since the prototype and the graphics look really good and just as promising as it did 2 years ago on the Kickstarter page. But thanks to all the issues i've listed above currently it's just a wasted opportunity for a good game."
,Not Recommended,227860,9816526,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Cancel,God do i regret buying this game
,Not Recommended,227860,18315270,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,markisboss123,"Literal trash, waste of money, I waited over a year and no progress really wish I could refund"
76561197986313360,Not Recommended,227860,20517101,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,brucelee56_5,This is a broken game.
,Not Recommended,227860,18068435,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Zei,I honestly can't believe that it's still in early access after this long. What a scam.
,Not Recommended,227860,17644726,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,shadowbranch,"Two years this has been released on early access and it has yet to actullay get finished, reasonably playable or functional. It's a game with a great idea behind it. I love the thought of building a castle and defending it. The issues I have are how this has been executed and the lack of care by the dev team. I've watched this played and I've played it. It doesn't take more than an hour or two to realize that it has some big flaws that need fixing.Once of the biggest issues I've found is that archers, whom you want on towers to get the best shot angle, will randomly decide to run off your tower, killing themselves instantly. This is very frustrating as even the infrantry units will run up a ram to the top of a wall and dive off to their deaths.There are lots of other issues like the controls menu not being properly completed, it still shows the control defined names in the code. The graphics options are bad, even for a Unity game, there can be so many more choices on how to change the graphics.Ideas on how to do basically anything is non-existant. There is a tutorial yes, extremely basic, but it works. It doesn't tell you how to do other tasks like removing blocks, removing tasks or the like.Overall, this is a great idea, just very very very poorly executed. You might get an hour or two of fun out of it. If you are willing to stick with it, deal with the stupid issues that should be fixed, and make it work, then you can get a few more hours out of it.BTW, Multiplayer is non-existant, so that's a big lie there."
,Recommended,227860,34168398,Posted: 11 August,all,jpotts1515gaming,"First off ignore the hate for the game. Most of the early reviews where because this game was put on ea way before it was ready back in 13'. Now that the game has had 4 years to get its self together it is one of the best games. Think RTS meets minecraft. The way it handles ai is great. Workers use their ""brains"" way better than most games. For example if  you tell them to do something they will do that and any other tasks associated with order unless u tell them not to. So if u chop trees down they will auto pick them up and store them unless u say no. This makes it way easier to play but still gives u tons of options. Overall a great game that has huge potential. Check the new reviews because the overall is no longer accurate. NOTE i purchased this yesterday so this is my first impressions and i will update review after more time. Thanks for reading my review"
,Not Recommended,227860,8614462,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,PainKnight,"Updated Review, 0.5Game has improved, but still lacks clarity in how it works.  Little minion dudes now listen to you much better, and attempt to follow through with commands, but they still get stuck.  Often they pile up at a resourse or just on top of each other trying to get something done, and they refuse to move around each other to get things going again.Also, they aren't very competent at building, either.  Tried to have them flatten some land, only to have them keep trying to place a block that would just dissappear.  Also tried to start placing stone blocks, but the guy would only pickup dirt and then say he couldn't use it there.It is getting updates, so it's not been abandoned... but right now there isn't any reason to buy it unless you are genuinly interested in being part of alpha development.  There is a lot of promise... once this game actually works, but for now, I advise just holding off."
,Recommended,227860,23714157,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Noblesdown,"I'm torn on this one. The idea is neat. It is not what I was expecting- I was thinking the units were more automatic a la Dwarf Fortress and randomly built a castle based on certain constraints and orders you set. No, instead, you literally choose to place a blueprint for each and every block of the castle. This is great too, but the issues arise when fighting the rough UI for terrain management and the like. The game has its own style and charm. However, at this point it has very, very awkward controls. Once you begin to get the hang of the system, it gets better, but there is still a lot of fighting against the UI when trying to align zones or work easily by switching bricks (everything runs through a right click/drag menu that has a slowness to it.)Also, and this isn't new for games of this nature with AI beings, you will find your Bricktrons (workers) more often than not standing around doing nothing because they can't find a path, can't find resources that are next to them, or for no apparent reason whatsoever... I just had to quit my first game because a small archer tower I was making was simply deemed impossible to build by my workers- no matter how I tried to rectify issues, they stood there doing nothing, either complaining about resoruces that were i a nearby stockpile, or unable to path to some point, even though there were stairs or other means of traversal. Not a unique problem for games of this sort, but it is in need of work as of June 2016.Now, all that said, I think the game is headed for a successful conclusion, it simply needs more TLC from the devs, who seem to be on the ball. If I could ask for one thing though, it would be a more streamlined UI with ease of use (and speed) in its place. For instance, once in ""build"" mode, you could quickly choose block types via the scroll wheel. I currently give it a yes, but with the knowledge it is not as smooth an experience as other games of its sort at this point. Looking forward to future iterations."
76561198056510304,Recommended,227860,24460470,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lenki,Its a very good game but its not worth 20$ i think it whould be like 8$
,Not Recommended,227860,15874136,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,zevulon,"years of development have brought almost nothing.edit: years later, it seems that content has been slowly added and some issues fixed. I still think this came too late and has caused people to lose interest."
,Not Recommended,227860,17637316,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,PuG,Complete and utter rip off!WHERE ARE THE UPDATES?? NO UPDATES?
,Not Recommended,227860,29940087,Posted: 15 February,all,Mr.Toad's Wild Ride,"Years upon years of development has yielded a game with shoddy framrates and offensive controls, props to Sauropod for developing the project even to this day but I just can't give it a positive review when I can't stand to play it."
,Not Recommended,227860,18273231,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Caparrini,Years already after the release and has been no progress whatsoever. Extremely disappointed. This seems to be one of those projects where they run away with the money of the backers and abandoned it. I would advice not to buy it
76561197998675840,Not Recommended,227860,13025917,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,themightynoob01,"archers still kill themselves and other units and stockpiles.25/12/2014 updategame is still borken. AI has not improved one bit.Knights just watch coruptrons kill workers.Workers just stand still and let coruptrons kill them.Coruptrons just run by knights.Archers shoot workers in the back. Seriously why is there still frienldy fire, it's been over a year since I started playing.Archers destroy stockpiles.Developers don't seem to be listening to the community.I really want to enjoy this game. It has so much potential.Can not recommend in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,227860,16217073,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Supernatural Cookie,"Bought this game years ago, and honestly? Its not changed much in development at all. I don't really recommend buying this to anyone. Maybe in 20 or so years the game might have some actual content, but at the moment theres hardly anything to the game.Don't buy this, theres better things out there you can spend your money on."
,Not Recommended,227860,18421750,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Arkhu,Game's being developed at a snails pace.
,Not Recommended,227860,18283027,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Qbert,"Heed recent reviews, hardly any updates since alpha release - this game will never be finished.  Not worth your purchase now (or most likely, ever.)"
76561198096338881,Not Recommended,227860,18153876,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ace Chase,"Dont believe what the devs & hopeful's say. There has been only 1 signifigant update in the past x years since the first release on steam. That update is the ""large"" bricktron. Ai has only gotten worse since release and almost no new features have been added. World editor & Multiplayer have never truly been released.UPDATE: The game is extremely stagnant and there is virtually nothing being done to improve gameplay in the last year. I suspect foul play with most of the recent positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,227860,18016256,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,invalidusername,"I really want to give this game a thumbs up, but I feel like I would be cheating anybody looking to buy it. It has so much potential but the pace of updates and the buggy gameplay have caused me to lose all interest I originally had when I bought the game a year or two ago. The biggest problem for me is the awful controls. It's incredibly unintuitive and getting the little yellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to do what you want is really tricky. If you're considering buying this I would recommend holding out until the final release (supposedly early 2016), because in its current state it's really hard to recommend the game. I'll update my review when the final version comes out, but for now, hold on to your money"
76561198132215574,Recommended,227860,34422501,Posted: 22 August,all,The Nobody,"so... i´ve read a lot of negative rewievs on this game and some of the things they bring up i can´t argue with.1. no tutorial: this is partially true as there is not an ""in-game"" tutorial, this is becouse of the fact that the tutorial is on their official website and their youtube channel. further more the game is not that complex at all, its simple and easy to understand. as a last comment of this: it took me 20 min to learn EVERYTHING2. it has been in development for about 5 years... i actually don´t see a problem, games take time???and then there is the arguments that i find out right stupid:1. the UI is f*****, and it takes a million years to find anything: no it doesn´t, i LOVE the UI its easy to navigate (three diffrent tabs, how much can u fu** up? siriously????) the diffrent blocks and buildings are sorted perfectly and even if u somehow can´t figure out how to use it there is a ""secondary UI"" wich is one of those wheel like ""thingies""2. the home screen is impossible to navigate: look can i just teel you that it´s as easy to use as anything else, like are you kidding me??? the home screen and choosing of game is really easy to navigate?!now for the actual rewiev:Castle story is a new-thinking experimental game wich ""started from the bottom, now its here""i have never seen a simlar game wich had the same level of detail to the UI it´s perfect for this game and others like it.Castle storys gameplay is werry enjoyable as no map is the same and even if u play the same twise u will never be able to predict the game as the corruptrons(your mortal ennemy) never uses the same strats nor spawnpoints.the game has a huge creative potential aswell, the game offers in-game level-creator in wich you can create any sort of map that you want and when your done you can open it in a creative world and make the castle of your dreams. as i see it the remplay abillity of this game is endless.one last thing i have to ad is the multiplayer... it´s awesome!! and the eaiest thing to do in the world using steam directconnect or just nearby servers free to play on with your new buddy!i would personly give the game 4,5 out of 5 as there is still a few bugs and a couple of other stuff i´d love to see in the futureThe Nobody-Nobody tells the truth"
76561198299588090,Recommended,227860,33655344,Posted: 19 July,all,DuckyGamingYT,its a great game where you have little citizens called bricktrons and they are commanded by you so they can build for you fight for you and you can download products from the steam workshop so yeah i would give it 10/10 and who ever reads this i recommend this game for you if you like building.
76561198059493609,Recommended,227860,25031079,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Asimov,"it has been a bumpy, laggy road, buuut the game is good now!"
76561198048695922,Not Recommended,227860,34825945,Posted: 8 September,all,Pavement,Really buggy still. Not a full game yet despite them leaving early access.
,Recommended,227860,21436405,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Niimuu,"Even though this game has poor reviews, it's still one of my favorites, people are just mean and don't understand how hard it is to make a video game."
,Not Recommended,227860,15539109,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TS Lvl 100 Joltik,"Is the game fun? Yeah its ok, ive sunk alot of hours into this game. It's got mediocre everything and the only reason i dont like it is because its too expesive. This is more like $5-$3 not $20. if it goes on a large sale it might be ok for a time waster but if its $20 don't even give it a second chance 20 is way to high for this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,34787114,Posted: 6 September,all,Greco,"If it was not for the lag spikes that get exponentially worse as you play, this would be a great game,"
76561198022405281,Not Recommended,227860,13516284,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SaneEscapee,"I'd have to agree with the people not recommending. The game only seems to update when there's a sale. Great PR scheme, but just a warning now to everyone.-Actual Review-There are numerous bugs in the game and the 'tutorial' doesn't actually help (that or the mechanics are so horrible that it is unplayable). There is so little content that it is laughable to call this even a product in the alpha stage. The game will suck you in for about five minutes until you realize there isn't much to do in this game except get frustrated about spending the money you did to have a 'game' in your list you won't touch ever again."
,Not Recommended,227860,34747861,Posted: 4 September,all,Kaldron,"I had this game pretty much from as soon as it was released into alpha; back then I was enticed by the concept they built the game around and hoped it to be spectacular. As updates seemingly ended it seemed as though the game was dead with no updates in sight for almost an entire year straight. As development continued at the slowest rate I have seen any game do so, I thought at least they might fix the ai, add many new modes, and get multiplayer in shape. By release the AI is horrid, the gamemodes seem ill-made, and multiplayer seems more along the lines of a LAN party; I just don't get how a concept this solid can be butchered. Though the game also does have a number of good attributes, the interface is looks good (though in function seems quite clunky to me), and the crafting mechnics are interesting."
,Not Recommended,227860,13572407,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fear The Axe,"THE AI IS SOOOOOO STUPID, im sorry but this game screams dont buy.Exclent concept poor delivery."
,Not Recommended,227860,19927722,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,m i l k e ϟϟ,Biggest regret on steam right here baby. You'd be better off spending the money on CS:GO skins.
76561198043173768,Not Recommended,227860,13012653,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheRealKale,Not one single update don't bother with this. 20$ could buy you binding of isaac... just saying.
,Recommended,227860,14101762,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Puppyguard,"This, is castle story.A game where you can build castles.You can play multiplayer with friends, or singleplayer by yourself.The game originally was broken as heck, but it was heavily patched up and fixed.For an early access game it is very good quality from what it originally was.The gameplay itself is fun, but more fun in multiplayer.You have three units, and a catapult you can build.In order to build with stone you have to designate a quarryAnd in order to build with wood you have to chop trees.Pretty easy, right?NOT SO! In both multiplayer and survival you have to defend your workers against rival players and corrupted stone monsters!Unless you don't like fighting, which you can play sandbox mode, and build in peace.Thanks for reading.TL;DRSandbox elements, with some Strategy."
,Not Recommended,227860,12269524,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,pockets,"This game is good, for a few hours.It is very unfinished and unpolished. I do realize it is in early access, but it has been for about 2 years and hasn't improved alot at all.Don't buy this, not at the moment atleast. Wait until they start adding updates more frequently."
76561198060899427,Not Recommended,227860,12803569,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ronald McDonald,I bought into this game when it was on sale some time around last christmas and i thought the game had a good development and thought going into it but then that train of thought rolled off a cliff into a bottomless pit of fire and it seems all production of updates for this game have just stopped and dont seem to be continuing at all. overall this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥not worth the money at all go find a better game that actually has development in progress because this games development seems to have ceased. 1/10
76561198039663245,Recommended,227860,34941303,Posted: 13 September,all,facciola007,YES 100 times yes!
76561198074727161,Recommended,227860,34960396,Posted: 14 September,all,Kickslc,I am enjoying it.
,Not Recommended,227860,9314304,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Drake Hawkins,this game is a brilliant design concept but it most certainly has NOT been adaquitely tested.  I understand its early access but more often then not the bricktrons do not receive commands at all.  The simplest interactions between bricktrons cause the entire attempt to produce the simplest of structures to fall appart.  This Game Needs Serious Basic Company Testing.  It is in my opinion worth supporting but not worth purchasing if you anticipate actually being able to play a good functional game.Please keep trying guys its got potential.
76561198080698498,Not Recommended,227860,12335818,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,"YAY! Lets write a review but first lets listen to what others have to say!""Removal of this game from steam:As a recent, active member of this community. After receaving over 70+ comments on my earlier thread. I have taken it upon my self to email valve.Hopefully, they will remove this game untill content is released.I will keep this thread updated with any response I get.""""Its very disapointing to see that the game have shown little to no progress. It amazes me how greedy these little indie dev's actually are. When you say you will make a game, freaking make it.""""I feel scammed. This is false advertising. I’m not even going to complain about the extremely bad gameplay but instead focus on the things I feel I´ve been lied to about.""...Well I guess I'll just go back inside and drink hot coco then..."
76561198023387850,Not Recommended,227860,12355252,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Grat Dalton,Bricktrons are brain dead. 13 months have passed and there has been no noticable improvement on key features.
,Not Recommended,227860,12853214,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,IamNumberFour,"For the 1st time I purchase this game, it was fun though, but this game never update and nothing improve, even know the gameplay looks nice though but i prefer you guys keep the money and buy other game, this game is not worth to purchase."
,Not Recommended,227860,12254753,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,EpicMayhem,"the game is great... i get this is an early early game but the game is unplayable most of the time and just anoying, not fun. they need to fix these problems.the grafics reminds me of the first age of empires made, that needs to be updated. the grass is bright green lol.the combat system is so dumb. its clunky and buggy. one of your knights sees an enermy 5 spaces away, so they run that 5 spaces to attack, mind you the enermy unit has moved from that location but your knight still runs there and attacks nothing, then has to run to the new postion and attacks nothing again if the enermy has moved again.if you build a big tower with archers on it and an enermy destroys 3 or 4 blocks on one corner of the tower, some of the blocks on top drop down and you carnt re-build the blocks that are higher then 2 high. idk it seems abit dumb.the bugs with workers are great. your worker or most of your workers get locked into a job but wont do the job there stuck in so they do nothing. so you have to get them killed to build another worker.if the game is 20 bucks and they some how finish this game, wtf is the price going to be? 50 bucks (i just threw up)."
76561198051482754,Not Recommended,227860,17404639,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sex Warrior,forever alpha
,Not Recommended,227860,20609072,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dromo,"The idea of this game is fantastic and iteresting, but this developers do not give this game a chance.I have bought this in 2013, but there is still no new gameplay elements or stable versions."
,Not Recommended,227860,17401343,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,kbwarlock,"this game is the reason i don't get early access games, i see updates all the time and ""bug fixes"" idk what happened but somewhere inbetween the last year or more however long iv had this game its gone from semi playable to unbarebly frustrating."
76561198036285699,Not Recommended,227860,10844832,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,chrisalex,Almost a scam.
76561198055604829,Not Recommended,227860,10902021,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,addy157,Horrible do NOTOTOTOTOT get this at the current state
76561197980171875,Not Recommended,227860,11973366,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Baugoti,"This game has a lot of potential, I actually had fun building castles and trying to figure out bridges ect.  The reason I am not recommending this game is due to the fact that after 8 months of having Early Access, there has been little to no development.  Same pathing errors, same bugs, same map, same disabled features.I waited a long time before Rating, hoping that I would start to see some progress, however at this time I cannot recomend getting Castle Story.If in the future we start to see some good content updates, then perhaps I will re-review the game with my recommendation."
76561198007130047,Not Recommended,227860,11968275,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,gray skull,i would not recommend this to outhers as game development is so slow the updates are a joke i have not found any in game content added since it released iv found a lot of people asking for a frendly fire option for example and not even this has been added as when you play the main survival mode you spend more time watching your own men kill each outher than the enemy
76561198024050847,Not Recommended,227860,14894627,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,stroke,Well early access buy and was so hopefull!!!!!Found a unending nightmare of incompleet and unsuable features even at a base level like the bricktrons aka your yellow smurfs cant even locate there way up a stairs.To say the least if you cant move your builders well its like trying to move the furniture why never getting off it.That sounds great no more lifting and easy arangment of the furniture in thought. But otherwise usless ideal.Same with this game sounds great in thought! Lacking on the actual part of using it.
,Not Recommended,227860,17462941,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Summerwind,"Ugh, this game. I'm not going to go on and on about the cons of this game (which I could), so here's the short version.Still in early acess after 2 yearsUpdates are pretty much guaranteed to just be bug fixes or minor graphics changesAI is kinda bad sometimesThis game could be VERY fun and has great potential, but the devs fail to take advantage of this. I really want to like this game, and if the game is fully realeased and has better updates, I will definetly change this review."
,Not Recommended,227860,17501294,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,=(eGO)= reflex99,"I am dissapointed by the lack of progress the developers have made. This is a risk you take with Early Access, so I'm not gonna be too mad about it, but I will leave a negative review."
,Not Recommended,227860,17492930,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,tipsy,"Original review: DO NOT BUY. Hasn't seen any real progress even though it raised $700.000 on kickstarter a couple of years ago. Great concept, but the devs abandoned it (except for minor bugfixes).Update: Well well well. Things have happend.+ New games modes have been added.+ UI slightly improved- AI/Pathfinding is still extremely bad- UI is still very bad- Gameplay still snail-pacedIt's improving though. I have high hopes for the 2020 release."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,227860,11128597,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Haapy,"I've been keeping an eye on this game for a while. The concept is very intriguing. Unfortunately, it hasn't gone anywhere at all. I loaded it up today for the first time in months, and I literally cannot tell the difference between that first play session and today's. It's the same frustrating UI, same super-basic gameplay, same bad AI. Maybe they can pull this out out of the fire. I've heard they've got a budget to hire more developers. But I just don't see it happening. I'd love to be proven wrong."
,Not Recommended,227860,11157500,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Jento113,I feel I may have been naive to buy this.
,Not Recommended,227860,8622243,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,bulletbill56,"This game is the perfect example of a failure dev team, the AI is broken, most of your workers will get stuck on easily navigable terrain. The whole game is a joke, DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,227860,8675223,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Scary Terry,Insanely unfriendly UI hard to do anything no matter how simple the task.
76561198035196740,Not Recommended,227860,9607655,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,pookster,This game showed loads of promise but there have been no updates for months and feels like it has been abandoned by the devs.Dont buy this game.
76561198032552620,Not Recommended,227860,12144043,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Elendurwen,"No updates for a VERY long time. With the amount of money they collected, there could be a whole team working on this game by now! Not sure if the dev team is greedy or simply uncapable."
76561198002243922,Not Recommended,227860,20393077,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,illlops,Dead game.
76561198057945480,Recommended,227860,23685742,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Inventor Inc,"This game is fun to play!-Yes it has bugs and other issues but that happenes with all games in alpha.-When Playing survival you always have to be aware of whats happeneing and priorotise building or gathering for resources.The game has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see the finished version, I will admit that when I first saw the came I was worried about buying it due to seeing many of the negative reviews.However I haven't yet regreted buying this game.Yes there are small issues here and there but that is because the developers are still developing the game.For this game I would recommend buying it.The only bad experience I had when buying an early access game was a Game called Space Base DF9 where the developers just left the game and just rushed it the finishing process so they could publish it that game had so much potential.But this game is defenetly worth a buy!!!"
,Not Recommended,227860,17514869,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Moist Moist,Sauropod Studio is just bad
76561198023615429,Not Recommended,227860,20482508,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Castiel'sDad,"Seriously? They are so closed off about updates. The updates are so spread out and few and far between it should be under a new tag called ""Update-less"""
76561198043200309,Recommended,227860,34323348,Posted: 18 August,all,Matchfighter,"The early stages of Castle Story were nightmares as containing so many bugs and crashes, like the one that time of all the npcs won't move or attack at all.Now, amazing game at this point as game is successful to play, having new stuff, units and other more interesting things to do now!**Played the first type of the early version eariler of the day, comparing to this quality"
,Not Recommended,227860,17221265,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Marcus Helius,Don't waste money on this POS 'game'.
76561197963309204,Not Recommended,227860,19855841,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mustangs6551,"I've owned the game for awhile now, at least a year and a half. I understand it's a work in progress ""early access game"", but not much development has occured. I have seen some small new feautres added, but the game remain barely playable. Pathfinding for the characters is some of the worst I've seen, and everything works really clunky.At best, when the game is complete, it will be a time waster, and that's about it. It does show potential to be decent, and I hope they improve it."
76561198032475856,Recommended,227860,33822630,Posted: 26 July,all,CrimeZappers,"Picked this game up nearly on release day, literally no content to speak of but it's packed with content now and I can seriously recommend picking this up."
76561198013506964,Not Recommended,227860,24282218,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Grey,I do not recommend this game right now. The development is too slow. The latest update (0.7) looks promising. Still I recommend waiting to buy this game until it comes out of early access.
,Not Recommended,227860,16199158,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,codeforges,"No content ,No intresting features,BUGYThe game is very rough , there are almost no goals , survival mode is boring only 2 maps available for survival mode.Dont buy till releaseI bought that game at 5 June 2015 , now its January 2016 .Nothing has changed in that game , i regrad that steam still doesnt have a report system for bad developers , a customer protection system needs to be done."
76561198144794827,Not Recommended,227860,18720737,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BlueLegoCat,"I played this game when it was in 0.4 and I played 10 hours of it. I havent even played update 0.5 for more than 30 minutes and it is broken. My first complaint, where are the turorials! When you relase an update of you game you are supost to have tutorials! Seccond complaint, Why dont the textures work in full screan mode AND in windowed mode. Dont buy this game until the devolopers FIX THE GAME! If the tutorials are in the game I would like to know where they are."
,Not Recommended,227860,23376596,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Emblis,"Another wave of black clay men are quickly advancing towards the southern walls of my Castle. On the wall stands a group of my yellow clay men workers, having just finished a big renovation project after the wall was almost destroyed in a previous assault. They stand no chance of holding the wall so I scroll over to my group of warriors, currently mopping up the few remaining hostiles who just tried to destroy my western walls. I order most of my warriors and archer to rush to southern walls, If I am lucky they will make it there before the attackers and I will be able to hold my castle, if not they will swam into my courtyard, kill my workers and surround my warriors.I am confident that my warriors will be able to hold my newly completed and fortified walls so instead I have a look at my recently attacked western side. There is small gap in the wall caused by the now dead attackers that I need to get repaired before any additional hostiles decide to follow up on their friends previous assault so I have my workers evacuate the soon to be attacked southern walls and send them to fix the bretch. Neither the workers or the warriors arrive. The warriors and the workers run into each others, stopping for what looks like a long and pleasant chat as they try to path around one another failing horribly as the attacker make a huge hole in my new wall. All of my yellow clay men gets surrounded slaughtered.SUMMARY:Castle Story is a game with what sounds like a great concept but has horrible execution. The two biggest issues are the pathing and UI. The pathing causes your claymen to frequently bump into each others, stopping them in their tracks as they try to find a way around their new found friend despite it being plenty of space on both sides of them. The UI requires you to navigate multiple radial menus just to build a stockpile, it is very clunky and unnecessarily complicated. I would stay away from Castle Story, it has been almost 3 years since the initial early access release and not much has happened since then."
,Not Recommended,227860,19904474,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mo-Man-7,abandonware: do not buy
76561198005510391,Not Recommended,227860,11829427,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,WarMaster GoreHowl,"The dev team bit off way more than they could chew it seems 2 years, nothing has changed. Over funded and nothing happens avoid at all cost"
,Recommended,227860,34482062,Posted: 25 August,all,Xel3 Thunder,"I love this game, been playing for years. Would recommend it. I can't wait for future updates, I'm sure my friends would buy this if you added more content :)"
76561198142169364,Recommended,227860,34472860,Posted: 24 August,all,sanycsport,"It's a decebt game. It's taken a long time, yes, but now you can relaiably play the game that they promised. It's fun. It's not revolutionairy. It dosent always run well. But it's a fun and unique game that's worth the price."
76561198022393566,Not Recommended,227860,12677734,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,anarky_ak,Good Idea with no fallow through. Good for an hour utill bugs start messing up your save and you have to re-start.They have managed to change nothing about this game for over a year save for a holiday update that changes hats and one or two other none game changing items. No inprovement to game play.
,Not Recommended,227860,12770685,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MAL,"I don't recommend this game. I purchased it a year ago and haven't been able to play it on linux since. The game crashes immediately after starting a map. The developers seem uninterested in supporting it on linux yet this game still has the linux tag.I paid money for this, it's not a free to play game and I think a year is a decent amount of time to wait for a patch.I highly recommend that you spend your hard earned cash on something else. Anything that's not from Sauropod.49% of the reviews are thumbs down. 51% are up and I'm sure many of those are mixed. Alienating half your player base is never a good idea.. seriously, what are you doing Sauropod?"
,Not Recommended,227860,12676795,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Delkan,"Bought this game almost a year ago as 'Early Access' and I seem to have fallen for what is the new con in video games that Steam has allowed. There hasn't been any changes to the game, and they say that it is more stable- which I'm fine with, but how stable can you get before fixing the AI happens by accident."
76561197987350411,Not Recommended,227860,12681098,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Shawn of the Dead,"Don't buy it yet. It's buggy and unfinished, and almost never updates. (Read the other reviews for confirmation.) I hope the devs get back on track again, because this game is charming and would probably be fun if it is ever finished. As it stands right now, there is only one map, and it is painfully small. A random map generator would have gone a long way to making this game better. The bugs are understandable, being that it is early access,  but the lack of progress in fixing those bugs is deplorable."
,Not Recommended,227860,10252328,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Remdoggo,Don't bother buying. You're better off paying fifteen quid to buy a hammer and smack yourself round the head with it for several hours than buying this half hearted excuse of a game. I've seen better software made by a brain dead sea slug.
76561198061537845,Not Recommended,227860,12829569,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Scott2277,"/!\  New update completely crashes my computer and corrupts files. /!\-original review- (2014)This game looked awesome and I was excited for it. When I got the alpha for this game, I thought I saw something that could be great. And for a while I was ok with the small gitchs, and annoying little bugs in the game.YOU SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME. The devs will treat you like crap, and blame the community for asking too many questions, the game has been stagnant for over a year. The forums have started seeing posts deleted, and users are getting banned for giving out useful information, and asking real questions respectfully.-2015 review update-Unfortunately, this game seems to be spinning out of control. The devs have banned anyone asking clear, concise questions regarding the progress. The game was actually more playable two years ago than it is now. They spent a great deal of time refactoring the game, telling us that once this was done, we would start seeing content updates, and real progress. Then, when they claimed the refactoring was done... nothing.. Eventually they abandoned the 'roadmap' and progress lists. They do have a 'bleeding edge' which was being updated fairly frequently for a time, but that too has stopped. Now we have an unplayable game. Instead of fixing the game they had with correct AI, useable UI, Multiplayer, and map editing, they began adding a slew of new 'features', almost none of which actually work.The game was a great concept. It's simplicity was one of its greatest draws. Now it is an incoherent mess.-2016 review update-Castle Story is Becoming the game that it claimed to be at the start.The game has slowly become playable over the course of 2016 however with this development pace the features the devs promised will probably come out in 5 or 6 years I recommend waiting to see if it ever gets a full release before buying the game. This game may yet pull off the 180 and become a game worth buying. However this glimmer of hope may be fools gold because over the time this game has been ""In dev"" they've been to PAX east, they've ordered in Castle Story T-shirts and Castle Story plushies, they've got new gaming rigs, they've painted the walls of their office with a cool Castle Story mural, they've been out in the woods making noises, they've played Magicite, and just now is the game finally starting to become the game they claimed they had created. This is not the work of a professional dev team this looks a lot like a group of people way over there head and just rolling with it. Lets hope I'm wrong and that they can deliver what they promised while clinging on to the little shard of credibility they have left.-0.9 Update-The game has changed for the worse with this new update. At first I was exited for all the new features that promised that the game would become engaging and interesting, I however was wrong. This new update adds one revolutionary feature... It completely crashes my computer and corrupts files! Congrats Castle story you have upgraded from a poorly implemented pile of broken promises to full on malware. GG devs you win. I wish I could refund this game...TL;DR/!\ Completely crashes my computer and corrupts files. /!\The devs have deleted threads or posts with any negative criticism and the development pace is still ridiculous, their shady behaviours (vote manipulation, shills, bans, etc.) howerver seem to have stopped. Come back in 5 years and then buy it on sale if anything has changed."
76561198106605428,Not Recommended,227860,12015688,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Gnatsmasher95,"I suppose I had a good time playing this game and I understand that it is in alpha, however there were too many problems to really enjoy myself. When constructions have to be planned to the point where  there can be no mistakes or the entire project is ruined, I end up making a mistake and ruining my fort. Too buggy, too much work to run it, not enough features.Good concept, but other games do it better."
76561198030783476,Recommended,227860,35130149,Posted: 22 September,all,cmfic,"This is an enjoyable RTS game, as far as it goes. It includes some relatively unique mechanics and can be a lot of fun. Unfortunately, there are some major drawbacks, which, hopefully, the developers will remedy soon:1. Overwhelming micromanagement. At present, you cannot do anything but look around the map while in pause mode. This means that if you have more than a handful of ""bricktrons,"" they can be impossible to control in a timely manner, much like herding cats, especially consdering #2.2. Lag. As the number of units and structures in the game increase the lag gets extremely frustrating as it can take several seconds (up to about 15-20) for your units to respond to a direct order. The developers seem to have based this game on the brictrons having a modicum of intelligence in that they can determine, on their own, the priority of the next task on the todo list (subject to any priorities you assign in the UI). The cost of this is that it takes time for the bricktrons to deduce this priority and, depending on the map and mode (Sandbox, Invasion, or Conquest), can literally make or break your game.  BTW, Invasion mode is, unwinnable, like any castle defense game. The best you can hope for is surviving multiple waves of bad guys (""Corruptrons"").3. Need for Optimization: Some might say the lag problem is the fault of old or less powerful equipment. While this may have some truth to it, the game needs to be tweaked and optimized. It's a bit of a stretch to expect people to go out and drop a couple of $K to be able to play a $25 game. (I say this as strictly a PC player. I do not own nor do I play consoles, so I have no idea what problems or costs might be related to those game systems.)Having said all of this, I still would recommend this game. It's fun (to a point) and is reasonably priced in today's market.  I have only played the game for 5 hours or so, at the time of this review but so far the entertainment value has been about $5/hour, or about equal to seeing a movie. But the longer I play the game, the cost of entertainment decreases, unlike seeing a movie multiple times.What remains to be seen is where the devs will take this promising game as it matures.  IMHO.UPDATED 9/24/2017: After several more hours of game time, I want to add a few more items to my list of fixes needed.4. Pathfinding: As the game progresses and you have about a dozen bricktrons, you'll find that they easily get lost and sometimes wander off into enemy territory. One thing to watch for is if their path is blocked by fallen bricks, etc., but beyond that pathfinding degrades quickly at about 12 bricktrons.  Coupled with lag as your structures increase, late game activities involve a lot of work if you are to survive.5. AI: The AI seems to either go to sleep or is unable to handle complex situations. For example, say you build a wall that's 2 rows deep. If the outer layer gets damaged to the point where you need to replace bricks (not covered by a repair task), the AI doesn't seem to understand that you are patching a hole and the hole in the outer layer persists.Still giving this a thumbs up in hopes the devs will fix these problems."
76561198084705803,Not Recommended,227860,11679400,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,JURGEN KLOPP,this is the most ♥♥♥♥♥est game i have ever bought because it is being developed at a really slow rate and i wish i cold get my money back from it and never have even seen this
76561198071867673,Not Recommended,227860,11667462,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ARTSQ,In short:The game was rather promissing....But a lot of time passed - and it's still unplayable because of AI glitches.
76561197971435175,Not Recommended,227860,8993306,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,c.camacho,"Sadly I can't recommend this game - I'm cool with early access but not when the game doesn't get updated in literally MONTHS... The user interface simply could not be more awkward, you'd have to work *really* hard to make such an incovienient non-intuitive interface.  There are a number of simple issues that could fixed and would be a great reason to make WEEKLY updates... I honestly feel like they authors have taken my money and are laughing - maybe they might make an update.... maybe..... very disapointed - and it spoils it for all the other honest early access games..."
76561198039976252,Not Recommended,227860,8738968,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Languid Layabout,"Clunky, unintuitive, and desperately needing a proper tutorial. This early ejaculation of an alpha build is down-right offensive at the price it's being sold. If you only have 5% of your game made, only charge 5% of it's final price."
76561198057307795,Not Recommended,227860,8763101,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,phillipsjy69,"i find this game very interesting and i think it has great Potential but as of this moment multiplayer is none playable and there is only like 3 kinds of units you can play, maps are not that big and sometime when i save and come back i cant see some of the map due to some kind of distortion in the middle of the map and there is not many building blocks to go on.i would rate this a 4.5 out of 10 at the moment but only time will tell i do not recommend this game at this time"
,Not Recommended,227860,8790470,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Soul Reaver,"March 2015 Update: 2/10After a year and three months I come back to give this game another try and know what I found? Nothing has changed! Thats right, after all that time not one thing including all the same bugs there were before. This company either doesn't know what they're doing or they do and then they're just taking our money and running.Hold off from buying this game. It has too many bugs and is far from ready. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,227860,9902082,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Crossmas,"I don't recommend this game, because I bought it half a year ago and I don't see any improvement in the game.The workers don't move for no reason at some point at the game (sometimes it's from the beginning of the game, sometimes after half an hour). They stop building tunnels unless you delete the task and set it new again or when they dig a mine, they remove the way up or they don't know how to use it while it's directly next to them. For me it is unplayable and I don't feel in the mood to play it again. I know that it is an alpha, but as I said I didn't see any improvement in the game yet.Maybe I play it again, when it is in beta stage.All in all I like the setting of the little yellow buddies and the idea to controll them to build and defend your castle.I still have my expections in the game and hope that it will get better..."
76561198007863393,Not Recommended,227860,10085358,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,zajcom,"In current version they are some many bugs, that we cannot have any fun from playing.Also they arent any updates for at last few monts.."
76561197975933249,Not Recommended,227860,11227074,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tintin,"EDIT: After A bit of further testing almost 9 months after I last touched the game, it looks like things have gotten even worse. Granted, some new maps and features have been added, like Iron, but now your brisktrons will randomly path themselves off the map, committing suicide in the name of hauling lumber. I've also encounterd an issue where the game freezes for seceral seconds, and then all of your bricktrons are all stuck falling, unable to move or do anything else, leabing you no ther option than to quit and star over, or reload from a save file. :END EDITI purchased this game on EA about 6 months ago after seeing several videos of gameplay. It looked promising. I was excited for a more realistic base builder so to speak. I didnt expect the game to be too fleshed out yet, since that's what early access is. Having played several hours, and feeling like the game had great potential, I put the game down to come back after the devs had ahd a few months to work on it.Queue last week. I booted up the game, started a new game, and began building the exact same castle on the exact same map I had before. As the first wave of baddies approached, I noticed that they ran around willy-nilly, and just seemed to punch at anything. not particularly impressed, I continued.About 10 minutes later, it became evident that some work had been done to the AI engine since last I played. Except it seems that the work had been to delete half the brains of all the entities in the game. The workers would regularly all attempt to place the same block, take the same narrow path when there were a multitude of options, and regularly block each other in to the point where 5 of them were all stuck in one spot, all trying to get past each other, but to no avail. I even noticed the knights swinging their swords the WRONG WAY when in combat. I real flop if you ask me.All in all, the game looks promising, but it appears that the dev studio is working by the old creedence ""One step forward, two steps back"""
,Not Recommended,227860,12990715,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mushykins,"I bought this game based off the concept, which is really cool.After year(s) of pointless insignificant updates, the game is still in a pre-alpha stage and is little more than a proof of concept. Developers seem quite content to leave the game in it's current state, and my money is that it will go the route of Towns in the near future. Really unfortunate too, as it was a great idea."
76561198033307009,Not Recommended,227860,17573870,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pablo Pikachu,"F*cking scam, i bought this game years ago because of the nice ideas you got, but since then it didn't even even progress an ant inch.Shame on you people ripping off guys who trusted you in the first place.That's really how you should treat your customers?This-is-a-SCAMi will say it again, just to make sureSCAM-F*CKING-GAME !"
,Not Recommended,227860,13004155,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,=Nexus=,"***WARNING!!! THIS GAME IS IN ALPHA!***The Developers are in Limbo... and from the sounds of it they are having a hell of a time getting the game working.  Don't support them till they announce some updates and progress.If you don't know what a game in Alpha means then let me tell you...This Game is still in development! and this game is:-Not pollished!-Not bug free!-Glitchy-Missing lots of cool stuff that it needs to keep players playing.The game that you will experiance here is nowhere near done!Now on the Bright side....This game is a Top down RTS with Mixes of a Voxel game, a Castle Builder game and a wild cartoon feel... I swear the Minions are so ready to scream ""BANANA!!!""Buy it and support the game if you like, But don't expect much for now."
,Not Recommended,227860,13004285,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zulu,"Its a great concept, controlling minions and using them to build a castle that you have to defend.BE WARNED THE DEVELOPER IS NOT WORKING ON THIS GAME ANYMORE!so consequently what you get when you purchase this game is a buggy shell of what a good game could be.I bought this game 2 years ago and it has not changed a bit. They put in a 1 MB update every 6 months to make it look like they are but this ""Sauropod Studios"" is clearly scamming the early access market like so many other companies now.I hope a legitimant company steals this concept and makes a real game out of is."
76561198030780576,Recommended,227860,24254249,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nik,"Let me start by briefly describing what castle story is. The game is a voxel based, real-time strategy tower defense hybrid with a world editor and a building system that allows for a lot of creativity with a good physics engine. It brings back memories of my childhood playing with Legos (without the mess), allows for builds similar to Minecraft (using blueprints, gathered resources and workers instead of having to do everything through first person) and includes tower defense style elements in a world of floating islands in the sky.The most popular game mode is called Invasion and it tests your defenses against waves of an ever-increasing amount of enemies that can knock your archers off walls, break down your defenses and even throw enemies into your base! To defend yourself you have beefy knights, archers and catapults along with various floor traps such as bear traps and explosive barrels. You can alter the world to change the direction which the enemies take or create bottlenecks where you can do a lot of damage to them. You can team up with friends to help deal with more difficult maps in coop mode. There is also a game mode called conquest where you fight the corruptrons (AI) or other players (multiplayer) for control over different areas of the map with the objective of taking over the entire map. This game type makes defenses less static and brings offensive elements to the game and you can team up with your buddies to take on the AI where you each have your own bases and units. You will inevitably build defenses and leapfrog forward, capturing more and more terrain.Based on the recent improvements to the game, it seems the development team has grown, as can be seen in the increase to both the game quality and responsiveness in community feedback. The game’s most recent patch, 0.7, brought with it a lot of great changes and many people who played it before this patch and didn’t like it or had performance issues may want to try it again. There is now a world editor which is both powerful and quick and easy to use. Multiplayer has been implemented as well. Moreover, the performance of this game has improved greatly and your builders and warriors respond much better and quicker. While I did enjoy the game before the most recent patch, the game has improved leaps and bounds and it seems the developers have doubled down in their efforts to flesh it out and polish it. There is an active and growing community of mapmakers and active players as well, both new and old.However, that said there are a few cons to the game in its current form: the game still has its fair share of bugs, especially prevalent in the recently introduced multiplayer. Additionally, multiplayer can be tricky to set up, though they are working on implementing a better system/ dedicated server. The game isn’t for everyone as it demands patience and planning but can be extremely rewarding once you understand the basics. While the game might initially seem simple, there is a surprising depth to it once you get to know the mechanics and since the game is still in development, your ideas and concepts might be implemented into future patches. Looking back at how much I have played and enjoyed this game, I think it’s worth the full price, though I did buy it when it was on sale. If you are dedicated to the concept or want to support an indie developer that has doubled down its efforts, I suggest you pick it up or at least put it on your wish list and wait for it to be on sale.The verdict:If you:enjoy voxel based games that allow you to build whatever and however you want with a world editor and physics-based construction,like tower defense games that test your patience and strategic thinking in which you can immerse yourself and relax,like real-time strategy, resource management and building bases brick by brick,then this game is for you."
76561198061477756,Recommended,227860,24311292,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Woden,So good. All I want now is a new brickton
,Not Recommended,227860,12043602,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,wbzial,"Really bad communication from the devs. Update takes month to be released. They lie about game progress :They said after refactoring, updates should come fast, but now it's been 3 month since the last update. DO NOT BUY AT THIS STAGE."
,Not Recommended,227860,12867551,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tails,"Worst game i have ever bought on steam...and i got Bridge in a humble bundle, so yeah. The Developer is a completely incompetent moron with horrific work ethic and a complete disreguard for the comunity. I will NEVER buy a game from this jerkoff again and will warn my friends as well, i would reccomend you do the same"
,Not Recommended,227860,12869455,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,AbsentMinded,"Terrible loading for Mac, super buggy and crashes all the time! The alpha of the game was fine but since the new update it is literally unplayable on IOS. Before I would of rated this game 8/10 but now 0/10. Inexperienced team and no updates what so ever DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198006692008,Not Recommended,227860,12455642,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,After Pie,this game has alot going for it but its slow development makes it a waste of time and money.
,Recommended,227860,34457322,Posted: 24 August,all,Mason,they made better than before
76561198053438075,Recommended,227860,34089071,Posted: 7 August,all,Dr Wiggles,"Development has been slow but consistant so no complaints on that front. Really cool simplistic art style coupled with the bricktrons weird voices makes the world pretty epic.As for gameplay, building brick-by-brick really allows for creativity to shine, along with some advanced building options, this makes for a really epic game. (Alot more hours played offline)I would definitely recommend this game to any builders out there who like a challenge."
76561198090679106,Not Recommended,227860,17187462,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MaximumGravity,"♥♥♥♥♥game, consepts good, games crap, unfinished, games♥♥♥♥♥♥ only had 4 updates since release and nothing new in any, still hundreds of bugs, crap game, do not buy,♥♥♥♥♥♥game,"
,Not Recommended,227860,17815968,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Lauroman,"Really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, I Bought this 4 years ago and its still in Early access, developers have done nothing with this game. It appears to be a sort of scam, because the game is in alpha version for ever and the updates are a joke."
,Not Recommended,227860,11628560,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,1:1 succ friend,Good little game but I wan't non broken multiplayer and that'll take ages cus they don't update this game!
,Not Recommended,227860,13170877,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,John F. Kennedy,"Recently, the devs have been providing the customers with dev blogs.  They are planning on making a huge update in the future.  Apparently, this whole time they've been working on the game but just went ghost for a while.  Till now, we had no idea that they were still working on the game and it appeared as if they had abandoned the process.  By observing the dev blogs, I can say that I am somewhat excited to see the new updates they have coming our way.  For now, I do not recommend this game as the update ""before the holidays"", could have a delay."
,Recommended,227860,24207140,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Plooskie,"When I first bought this game I didn't realy put so much time into it, because It was very early in development and pretty bare bones. There were tons of negative reviews, but I knew that I had to wait.After some really long time there was a small update, then another and another (It's good because at that time I was loosing faith, that the game will ever be completed).And somehow I came back to this game and while you can still consider this game early access. I can now safely say that the developers are at full work to make this game great. And I hope they will!"
,Recommended,227860,24198824,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,McC1oud,"Castle Story has been a really fun production to follow over the passed few years and the game is slowly getting there. As the project has developed, it has given me aspirations and insight into the development proccesses invloved.Though performance issues are still there, the game is nailing the genre of RTS/Minecraft. It may not meet everything that I may have expected, but it is the closest to that experience I have found.Huge shoutout to the new map editor, that thing is incredible."
,Not Recommended,227860,11986903,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Higgs,I would have highly recommended this game if it werent for the horrible controls and absolutely infuriating AI.  This game is a ripoff.
76561198046751521,Not Recommended,227860,12242333,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,2012 TOYOTA RAV 4 SPORT EDITION,"I don't really think it's a great idea to get this game, I got really off task and the understanding the of game is complicated if you're one of those people who get off tracked."
76561198039519725,Not Recommended,227860,17378342,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Serious Love,It's been years in early access and barely anything has changed. Just plain not good
,Not Recommended,227860,12214713,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,leadingzer0,"Feelings of disillusioned loomed 6 months ago, but with a recent update proudly touting the return of the pause function and that objects that fall into the abyss are now removed from the world instead of indefinitely floating in space, it became clear this game would never deliver.  Did the people that wrote the seed leave/die, or is Sauropod simply out of their depth in taking on this sizable AI feat?  There's been no appreciable improvement in minion behavior-- which is crucial to this game -- for a year.  Even things that seem like obvious bug squashes loom.  They still kick the logs they just harvested off the edge of the world.  They still go idle randomly.  They still build themselves into a corner."
,Not Recommended,227860,17316220,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,NuclearDisaster,"I reviewed this in early access and still dont recommend it.  It is great concept and has seen much improvement over the past couple years.  However, the controls are very difficult to use even after 100+ hours playing.  Also, AI is not the best even in the 1.0 update; it is laggy and unresponsive.  Finially, the lag is unbearable.  After about 10 waves on the survival mode, my framerate drops to 5 to 10 FPS, and after the 16th wave it is stuck at 1 FPS.  With a 1600$+ computer, that is not only unplayable, but unacceptable.  I really want this game to be fun, but no game can be played at 5 FPS."
76561198020239511,Not Recommended,227860,17855830,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Baelgul,"As has been said before, this game had a fun premise and a pretty stable early access but overall is nto worth the purchase as the devs have stopped working on it and it currently has a good deal of bugs that will frustrate players to no end."
,Not Recommended,227860,12945799,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,falput new vega.s mr.hose,No progress in forever. It's been a year and they still have not put the editor back into the game.Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,227860,18737240,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,T-Rex Mode,"Pretty much unfinished - some of the most obscure controls, REALLY dumb AI Bricktrons and no progress in sight."
76561198050925875,Not Recommended,227860,14990580,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Anthony,"If you can manage the very difficult control mapping, this might be the game for you, sadly it was not the game for me."
76561198040632246,Not Recommended,227860,8503897,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Christie Mack,Alot of stuff needs to be added and fixed for this game to be worth paying for. Other indie developers seem to be pumping out updates much faster.
,Not Recommended,227860,10386897,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,prism,"great ideas but sloppy development, various bugs and problems with multiplayer, i have yet to have a functioning multiplayer session. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,227860,7798379,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lacerdaz,AI too dumb
76561198006442887,Not Recommended,227860,18739059,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Erios909,"While a good idea for a game, the developers unfortunately could not deliver in a timely manner. The game is still virtually in the same state when it started early access -- which is more of a tech demo than an actual game."
,Not Recommended,227860,18372581,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Secret Agent Steve (Grabnar),"Ive had steam for over 7 years and over 150 games, never a complaint or a bad review on a game. Until now. This ♥♥♥♥ing game is so god damn bad that Steam Support wont even give me a refund. Dont waste your time or money. Ive had this game since it was first brought onto steam and its still just as bad, if not worse. ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the steam support, i want a god damn refund. How hard is that to ask??"
76561197979629536,Not Recommended,227860,18719059,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,iliveforgod347,This is the absolute least intuitive controls for a game that I could imagine.  I tried playing the game a while back and it was difficult to get used to the controls and so I gave the game a while to progress and came back and it is now even worse then it used to be.  By no means do I recommend this to anyone... ever....
76561198338192539,Recommended,227860,34321820,Posted: 17 August,all,legoking907,1.0 adds so much more challenge to the game (even though i allready fail as is). The new pike unit makes the knights feel much more higher level i gota say. The game that really turned the ship around from the hate to the love. 8/10 :D
76561197961414846,Recommended,227860,22833359,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Onliuge,"Even though I recommend this game, it's really recommended to a more specific group than just to everyone.Pros:- Developers are quite interactive with the community on their youtube page ""sauropodstudio"" where you can ask questions as they stream the game every Friday at 3pm US Central time.- Bugs are few in number and if reported correctly are taken care of quickly.- Controls are easy to use for RTS veterans and easy to learn for everyone else.- Pathfinding, for your troops, is well developed for a building RTS.- *Personal Taste* The graphical fedelity is pleasing to the eye.- *Personal Taste* The gameplay is simple so not to have unneeded extras.Cons:- The game requires a reasonably powerful computer setup to play on anything but simple graphics.- The game is run on Unity engine which makes the game choppy when you get into later levels with larger waves of enemies.- *Personal Taste* Some of the more interesting additions have yet to be added to the game.- The AI pathing for the enemies can be exploited to make the game trivial.- *Personal Taste* For the current amount of content, the price is a little too high.- It has no real tutorial so you'll have to watch videos, or look at the wiki for help.- Development is slow due to their small team.Recommendation is to RTS fans, who cross over with Building fans, such as minecraft, with those who enjoy an easier simpler form of Dwarf Fortress. Buy only if you really believe that the developers vision of the outcome of the game matches your own and you you don't mind waiting for it to be worked out by there relatively small team."
76561198069860606,Not Recommended,227860,9368534,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Richard Jokes,9 months9 ♥♥♥♥ing months since I bought this game and I LITERALLY have seen next to no progress. This game was backed with nearly a MILLION DOLLARS from kickstarter. Whoever made this game should be ashamed of themselves because there is clearly a lack of give a♥♥♥♥♥♥going into this game.
76561198031285492,Not Recommended,227860,14574684,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,fattybabycakes,"I bought this game 3 years ago, and there has been virtually no progress.  It's fun but broken, and based on the pace of development (little to none), I don't think this game will finish.  Save yourself $20, the developers are running out of money and what money they did have (300k) from kickstarter alone, they did nothing with.  It seems the developers are not experienced and bit off more than they could chew with this game."
76561197988808581,Not Recommended,227860,21969898,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Oink,"Dont buy this game, it's in alpha FOREVER! It will never get gone or release"
76561198199984230,Not Recommended,227860,22142459,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Me2222614,This game looks amazing and fun but it is the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥EVER!!!pros+somewhat nice graphics+the characters you control and the enemies are cutecons--need a super computer or it's just a lag fest--my own archers were killing my warriors--enemies attacks grow in strength too fast-wouldn't let me build bricks or half bricks-if you lose where your workers are there is almost no way to find them due to large map size.2/10
,Not Recommended,227860,18758857,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Thona,"A nice concept. Not really a game in there at least yet. What is disgusting is the implementation. They collected quite some money on kickstarter. Either they are incompetent or bordering criminal - but development speed is crawling. The recent .50 update for example is still not usable. This is years after original planned development. Now release date is early 2016.... amazing. With the current speed demonstrated in the last 2 years I would rather think it is 2026 or later.Hope is there - also that they find a game in the concept, because right now there is no real game in it. But past performance is an indicator of future performance, so it will not release in any really usable way in 2016.It is a fun little sandbox with some enemies coming in game mode. It sadly is unstable and has a horrific performance."
76561197971636619,Not Recommended,227860,19057871,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,AfroDieter,"Do NOT buy this game. I own this game for a few years now and still can't manage to get any fun out of it. The AI is sooooo broken, that you constantly have to monitor every worker and for a game thats out for about 2 years, three different unit types and about 20 different things to build are quite ridiculous. Even though there is an occasional update I highly doubt this will ever be a fun game."
76561198094006597,Not Recommended,227860,20099820,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sagacious,"When you cant play PAST wave 12 on survival mode, due to the game bugs creating a self destructable lag fest of doom its quite disappointing. For those of you saying oh it maybe your PC I promise it is not, this game is a 800mb game for starters. Besides my build is way above its standards..... I am not going to state my build due to the fact, that just sounds like i'm flaring my E-Ego around which is not the point of the review. This game needs serious work it is very fun and could be quite promising however there is no reason for it to be so unplayable for the money they ask. (fix errors THEN WORRY ABOUT CONTENT) If its not playable who cares about multi-player JUST SAYING!! -Glad"
,Not Recommended,227860,19961913,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RadiationRat,"There is only 4 maps and you can only do survival on 2 of them and on the main menu their is some option to do with making your own map but it is grayed out and you cannot click on it, the game is good but there is no maps to play the game on, dont waste your time buying this and then having to get a refund"
,Recommended,227860,33799635,Posted: 25 July,all,ray,very good game i like the multiplayer thanks
,Not Recommended,227860,13075727,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Wonton,I regret buying this. I thought my money would help them make updates but it's been over a year and there has literally been no major changes. The current game IS NOT A QUALITY PRODUCT. DO NOT BUY.
76561198256554884,Recommended,227860,21350677,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,UpstairsBean,Add multiplayer survival
76561198041310329,Not Recommended,227860,23847457,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,-5D- The Law,"DO NOT BUY! STILL AFTER SO LONG IT IS STILL SO BUGGY THAT EVEN WITH A GREAT SYSTEM YOU CANNOT PLAY THE GAME, DO NOT TRUST THE DEV REVIEWS LIES!"
76561198065674352,Recommended,227860,22240674,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ijuko67,"It's a very amazing game, very time consuming and computer resources consuming.. but very amazing, I love to create, but I'm very lazy to do it in real life, so this is very like Minecraft but very less complicated and much more appreciable :D"
,Not Recommended,227860,11772589,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Deathnutz,"This is going to be used as a textbook example of why you should never buy an early access game.  These guys sold a lot of copies of an exercise turned tech demo.  If I were in their boots, I'd be done.  Why make a game when you cut your losses and run... and by losses, I mean a whole lot of cash up front with absolutely zero accountability to finish the game.Yes, early access means it's not done... and that's the problem with early access; It never has to be done to be sold. NEVER!I wish I was back in school where I would make little ""game"" concepts.  A few exercised examples and you pass.  Never had to worry about making it a full functioning game... that would have taken the entire semester if not longer to finish. ...but if I polished it just enough to put on kickstarter... cha-ching!  A few days or months of work for a pay out equivalent to the entire gaming dev life-cycle.  From a purely financial point of view, the payout from work is done."
,Not Recommended,227860,11874994,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mark,"Castle Story stills needs lots of work. I would wait until it is out of early access before considering buying it.The concept of the game is great, but the development on it is occurs at a glacial pace. Updates always seem to be delayed for one reason or another and the company doesn't seem to feel any pressure to speed up the process. I look forward to playing the game if it is every finished, but for now I'd suggest saving your money."
76561197962597021,Not Recommended,227860,12572894,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,matt,"Really fun and relaxing single player mode. Whens the multiplayer out as I can see the single player having a life span of about 15/20 hours max.STOP MESSING ABOUT WITH POD CASTS,SILLY ADD-ONS AND FINISH THE GAME. IT NEEDS A MULTIPLAYER!!!"
,Not Recommended,227860,12918917,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pomosa,"Truth be told, i enjoyed this game despite having to learn alot on my own, but after wave 10 in survival mode, none of my workers would actually respond to any and all commands, making the game completely unplayable after wave 10.. and it was such a marvelous castle in construction..."
76561198078734119,Not Recommended,227860,8024405,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Son Of Sparda,"I thought this game was going to be great.. i really did. but there are way too many bugs for me to enjoy it. i know it is in beta so there should be bugs but there are too many game-breaking bugs. i only get to actually play the game about 25% of the time. When i click play, 75% of the time nothing shows up yet it says im playing it. this has happens way too often.Also, it crashes. It crashes a lot. So i need to save my game every five minutes so i dont lose progress when it crashes. But, after about four crashes in one setting, it gets better, but i still save a lot to be safe.Lastly, the A.I is almost completely broken. At first they work well for about four waves besides when half of the bricktrons stand in place when i call them back to the castle when the corrupted are coming. After about wave four, the builders dont build, and when i click on them to move somewhere they stand still. Even the corrupted are buggy. half of the time, they go straight past the castle and stand on the edge of the island and i need to send my warriors after them to get the loud, but good, music to stop. And half the time the warriors just stand in place as thcorrupted raid my castle and kill all of my bricktrons.Ok, that was a lot of hate. I do like this game when it works, but dont think you should buy it for the $20.00 price until its fixed. This game can be good, but needs a lot more work and i think you should wait until its out of beta or at least a bit more fixed."
,Not Recommended,227860,11838392,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,ziv,"This game has been in development for almost a year now, from release date, and going back in further before that,Even so, it not only remains in Early Access, it has also hardly advanced in development at all.Version 0.2x? That is a very sick joke played by a development team that gets payed to drag their feet around for a year. It's played on us, the paying costumers.I urge people to stay well away from this game until it is actually released, as a full game in its final release.I am certainly going to try and demand my money back. Far too many bugs, not nearly enough development progress.ziv."
,Recommended,227860,17450513,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Zombie,"Honestly, This as a lot of potential a lot! I had 7 hours of fun even if the building are confusing and hard to get it at first. I mean I played a few games still don't know a lot of things about this game. What I am really looking foward is a Coop it would be an awesome expirence and hopefully they will update the game someday and add a few missing things. Great game as a lot of charme but not worth the cost yet. If they keep updating its worth it."
76561198295676593,Recommended,227860,32814431,Posted: 26 June,all,tega,"it´s the best game ever, in this game we have bricktrons and your animigues coruptronsbricktrons: are fat pudinscoruptron: are evil rockthe construction is cool.the game is cool."
,Not Recommended,227860,15502696,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fribois,"The game is really worth 5$. Development is really slow and when any updates come, It's usually a dissapointment. Multiplayer is basically a race to build a catapult which only takes 2 minutes tops and doesn't show off AI combat at all. This game was over hyped and has already gotten its money so devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥ what you think."
,Not Recommended,227860,8836093,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Toxic,"I've got to say that at this point, I'm unhappy with my purchase. I've owned the game for several months and I'm all for supporting new concepts and funding new developers but the lack of communication, failure to offer deadlines and extreme delays for updates is just too much. Sure, problems come up but this is unprofessional and Steam should be more wary of ""Early Release"" titles. I wish the Devs the best, hopefully they have a finished product some day and years from now if I have the urge to check up on this game I may be pleasantly suprised. Until then its just a name to forget."
76561198083601660,Not Recommended,227860,8719213,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mehrunes.Dagon,"looks good and all, but there is very little to like no tutorials on getting started, your like rushed into a game instead of a tutorial phase, i mean, just if you buy it, youtube for actual directions on how to get the guys to actually build something, because of the little help they give you at the begining it makes the game terrible because you dont know how to play it"
,Not Recommended,227860,8612719,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,kalimonster,"I'm not quite saying I want my money back, but I can't recommend anyone else spend their pennies on it, either. The AI is bad. So, so bad. Like, so bad I find myself thinking up ways to improve it /that actually might work/. (Note: I Am Not An AI-ologist.)Maybe they blew all their Kickstarter cash on strippers and blow, came to a year later and realized they had to slap something together? I dunno. If it's ever the game they promised it would be, it'll be glorious, but for now it's no where close."
76561198053582934,Not Recommended,227860,8867170,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Pyrael,still need a lot of improvement about the surface building mode
,Not Recommended,227860,9788361,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Aurjay,"Until this company actual does work on their game again, I recommend not buying this game.  I had purchased it months ago and there are a lot of game breaking bugs, yet there has not been a single update in over 4 months.  They write a lot of Dev Diaries, but that does not make the game get any better.  4 months without any progress...complete waste of money on a game that a company obviously lacks the real love for themselves."
,Not Recommended,227860,12481870,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,CPL Cracker,Glitchy and boring. Needs a lot of work.  Could be a great game if a lot of the problems were fixed.
76561197967913851,Not Recommended,227860,12441936,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chuck,"This game had huge potential until the devs, for whatever reason, haven't done anything with it! There have been almost no updates in the last...forever. It's so disheartening ...to be ripped off!This game is the sole reason i rarely support ANY early access game. Sorry steam, but some people abuse early access and rob people of their money, thinking that a disclaimer warning us it's early access makes it morally okay to rip people off."
76561197993592991,Not Recommended,227860,12208820,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,spike.barnett,"Not worth the coin, even as an early access game. Great concept, mediocre execution so far."
76561198005696526,Not Recommended,227860,12263819,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Koolmoore,"Yes, it's an ""early access"" game but I feel bamboozled because it's been close to a year since I bought the game and it's still not finished....  I'll probably never buy an early access game again."
76561198048421612,Recommended,227860,33012610,Posted: 29 June,all,onesownpride,bought this nov 2013 i havnt played it since the new update looks like they got  there self going in the right direction i'll update this when i play and have a better op. bout it but im glad to see a recent update
,Recommended,227860,33440832,Posted: 10 July,all,chiesas,"This game is one of the best bulding-seige games that i've played. still theres a lot to add to the game, but its coming along nicelly. the coop features are amaizing: the option of cooping with a friend in the same kingdom is amaizing, truly unique.In the end, the game is great. SInce its in early acess, theres a lot, a lot, of optmizations to do (for instance, in the curent version i do not recomend playing in a huge map, because it lags way to much). great game"
76561198022039165,Not Recommended,227860,11077922,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Trashguru,"I really liked the idea. But not only that the developers never added more than the basic idea, unfortunately this game is so extremely buggy that you can't really play it. The AI stucks everywhere and sometimes they even vanish. Worst of all: loading savegames is like a 50:50. I'm ok with Early Access games but when the game doesn't make any progress over a year, thats just not fair."
76561197970649165,Not Recommended,227860,12640646,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Hjaelten,Incomplete
76561198038247860,Not Recommended,227860,12483735,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TheMan,"I purchased this game hoping  they would add more to it as time went on, but there hasn't been an update for a long while. I'm starting to give up on this game,Problems I've noticed as i played-whenever i tell my npc's to do something they tend to just stand there, unless i spam the action-whenever my npc's chop down tree's most of the logs roll off of the map-I cant for the life of me figure out how to undo a building command, so i have random bricks placed down everywhere-Multiplayer worked one day, but now it just a loading screen that never finishes-sleep inducing, While i was waiting for my npc's to do something all i could think about was playing xcom enemy within, thats such a great game"
,Not Recommended,227860,12547696,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,NegativePositive,"I've had this bad boy for quite a while now and have yet to see any real improvement to the game at all. Feel like I wasted my money on this one.5/13/15 Year later and they added 1 block to the game, pillars...Oh for ♥♥♥♥s sake don't buy this piece of trash"
76561198158458694,Not Recommended,227860,12633837,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,brandonp.50,NO MULTIPLAYER SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IT IS SUCH A HARD GAME CANT STAND PLAYING IT
,Not Recommended,227860,11440841,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Geemge,"This game suffers just like all the other Early release games.  Basically they have a great idea, but they never get past the 90% point.  In professional development this really can't go on.  If beta was suppose to be 1.5 years ago, then it is absurd that we're not at that point.  If any publisher was funding it, it would've been over a long time ago.This is not specific to this game, but I feel I must point it out here, that every month they're doing minor patches instead of large improvements and working toward finishing the game.  I must applaud indie developers on their efforts, but if you're Kickstarted, you have obligations to meet and a game to deliver.As far as playing the game itself, the controls and tutorials were mind-bogglingly poor, and that is the main reason I quit playing.  I still like the idea, but I cannot honestly recommend the game in its current state."
76561197989058837,Not Recommended,227860,10074027,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Johnman,"This beta, alpha or whatever it is, has been barely functional since it was made available to play. It's an interesting concept, but it's so riddled with bugs that it's almost impossible to play half the time."
76561197999166763,Not Recommended,227860,11625890,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Drognath,"At it's current state, it's ""Playable"". In fact, i even had some fun with it. The major downsides for the game are already mentioned in most other reviews:- Long periods without updates- Bad AI pathfindingThe game has potential, but as it is right now, i'd leave it. Wait for it to come out of early access or once they dish out some more updates."
76561198302096073,Recommended,227860,28573889,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The_NexusNinja,"Its a GREAT GAME the updates are good, gameplay not so great it gets lame for a little.CONS: low graphics, bad multiplayer or no multiplayer worlds no friends who play this.PROS:Lots of players on the game great fps and graphics.Lots of friends who play this.they know how to play this.so its not the greatest with multiplayer no servers and stuff its sad only friends and singleplayer i like multiplayer tho only 2 friends have it but also never play it i would bring the price down for now its not worth 21 dollars right now in this part of it."
76561198334189197,Recommended,227860,33979265,Posted: 2 August,all,Bill Gates,Amazing game!
,Recommended,227860,28742052,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Forsaken,One of the most entertaining game concepts i've ever had to play with. Derpy little people and soldiers and builders moving and doing derpy things. The waves keep it interesting and the admirable quality of your peoples make the plight of your peoples all the more real. When paul the minions dies you feel it in your core.
,Not Recommended,227860,8756649,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DrowningCripple,"Can't really give a good review because this game is totally broken, there is no clear instruction on how to even play the damn thing. Im actually looking forward to release, but as for now in alpha every aspect of this game makes it totally unplayable. They need to stop gloating about what notch and kotaku say and work on the goddamn game, it seems like they are just going to ditch the game altogether."
76561197970782320,Not Recommended,227860,9556416,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,elandryl,"***EDIT 03-15-2016***""Just forget about this game for the next two or three years"", I said... two years ago.Castle Story is now far more functionnal. Your bricktrons have made tremendous progress in their pathfinding - they now DO manage to go where you ask them. They might still be a bit... slow to accomplish what you order them to do, but eventually, they will succeed - if what you asked them is possible, of course, and you might need a few try & retry to understand their particular logic. But still, as a sandbox game, it manages to realize a good part of what it was supposed to realize - wich is good.""So why is your review still negative?"", might you ask. Well, the answer is quite simple: right now, the game still isn't fun.First of all, the bricktrons are slow, and building anything takes a HUGE amount of time. The IA isn't exactly helping about that, and it is a shame that the devs still haven't thought about the first button you would think of in this game - a button to fast forward, that is.Second, there are little options in the matter of building. A few stone bricks, a few woodlogs (very complicated to use, by the way), you should be building very little variations of the same model of towers and walls pretty quickly. After two or three hours, the game is already awfully repetitive.That's were the ""invasion"" mode might get fun: testing the resistance of your citadel by repelling infinite waves of ennemies. Well, problem is: too few ennemies variations, too few units, and most of all, the IA is a mess and cannot hope to compete with any RTS' AI. Your archers might actually be more dangerous for you own troops, and the knights never do anything right; and of course, you have no real control about the attitude they should use. So, for now, the strategy is rather plain: build a tall tower, put all your achers on top of it, rince, repeat. And pray that the ennemies don't get at the base of the tower, for your bricktrons are too dumb to lean and shoot downward. And, to make matter worse, repairing any damaged structure is a real pain in the back, as your bricktron can't seem to fix anything beyond their reach, their reach being something around two yards high. Of course, that's precisely the height where the ennemies like to dig (sigh).So it appears that I still was awfully optimistic when I told people to wait for two or three years: right now, I do believe that Castle Story will finally be a fun and fully working game around the year 2020.*** *** *** ***ORIGINAL REVIEW:This looks like a hit. This smells like a hit. Too bad, for months now it's been nothing but a buggy, twice-in-a-year-updated wreck of a game. Your builders are stupid, they can't do anything right. Nothing of what you see in the trailers is actually doable right now. So, my two cents: just forget about this game for the next two or three years, maybe it' ll become something that you might actually call ""a game"". Right now it's an expensive prank."
76561197999111110,Not Recommended,227860,9726957,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,yes,"all you do is trying to prevent your little guys from getting stuck. dont let yourself fool from pictures and videos like i did. there isnt much more then you see. its very limited, theres only like a handful of different blocks.it has potential, but this is a more like a very, very, very early alpha - something you should be payed for testing, rather then paying to test.edit:well it works now, yet i lost all interest over all the frustration i had to endure. yet i spent a lot of time trying to like it. its probably ok to buy on a sale."
,Not Recommended,227860,9155786,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,evlDanTM,The development has been slow to say the least.  If this game ever gets finished then mabey it might be worth a look but don't waste your money on this good idea that will never be finished.
76561198119291964,Not Recommended,227860,8748062,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,theebaga,"Really this game needs ALOT of work it is almost impossiable to figure out the game's controls. Most of the time your ""Workers"" or Bricktrons won't even do the most basic of tasks. You will find it that the only thing you can tell your bricktrons is to walk around, they won't do anything else. Maybe when a ""Big"" update comes out, hopefully soon, it can fix most of the hundreds of issues that the game currently has. In the suvival mode, the enemy will spawn right inside your castle or base and kill all of your workers and leave you with nothing but the non fighting knights. The knight class Bricktrons will  let the enemy pass if you do not control them on your own."
,Not Recommended,227860,9309300,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,KingTedward,"Game is very buggy, all of your works get stuck since they can't walk through each other and take the same paths there and back, building a castle is extremely painful and the AI of your defender units is terrible."
76561197993294028,Not Recommended,227860,10245361,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Phraxas,"3/10 - Great Idea, Little to no developmentI've had this game since it hit Steam and it hasn't had any actual updates to speak of.  None that make me want to play the game further.  There's been game-breaking glitches, multiplayer has been pointless, and the characters are pretty limited in what they can do.It's fun at first and it seems like it could be quite the pleasant little castle builder game it promises to be, but given the amount of time these devs have had to do -anything-, it's obvious that they just did a money grab and aren't going to finish this product.Don't bother buying it until you see that they've actually done something."
76561197988750595,Recommended,227860,34371576,Posted: 20 August,all,LichKnight*******,-Epic updated 1.0-Cool RTS game.-It can design your castle.-Just make the task for bricktron and set the priority they will auto work.-Settler 7 + Age of empire + medieval engineers
,Not Recommended,227860,8154665,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Deekor,Awesome concept - but the game is barely playable. Wait for it to come out before buying.
76561198030940919,Not Recommended,227860,10235647,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,stsorders,n
,Not Recommended,227860,17119980,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,PR3DATORY,"Brilliant Idea of a game, could be the new BIG Thing !! . but very very slow development, nothing really ever seems to progress, the AI has seemed to get worse infact."
,Not Recommended,227860,12004262,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Xenothen,"Games on steam go from alpha to release quicker than this game gets updated. Dont buy it. I did, about a year ago, and there hasn't been one major content update that i remember, or is worth remembering."
,Not Recommended,227860,12323984,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Rassad,This game is a scam. In the last year of 'Early access'  the only change ingame has been a pause button.
76561198027145706,Not Recommended,227860,12307928,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Blockerwiz,"This game has so much potential, yet it's so unplayable. It doesn't seem too confusing in the tutorial, but when you go off on your own, it's just unplayable. It needs a better explaination and more content. I would not recommend this game, but I would keep an eye out for it if it ever DOES get updated. I could have bought a way better game with this money."
76561198087025993,Not Recommended,227860,17373865,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,K1P0K,It's a beta. not gr8 and lots more to add
,Not Recommended,227860,12163196,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,WTBS MAYWest,"I was hoping for something special; on that point of view, I was not disappointed.I mean, a building game where building something doesn't seem to be possible. I feel like if I was mentally challenged when I played this because the controls/UI are so unnatural.And the minions seem to be as much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as I am since they can't find the path to the ressource sitting right in front of them.I somehow don't regret buying this, because you need to make some mistakes to appreciate your good decisions. But I would have gladly learned that lesson without losing 20$ though...So don't do as I did; move on to the next game and never look back."
76561198062946009,Not Recommended,227860,10850627,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ActualSalt,"The best game to teach you both patience and virtue.  I have been gracefully waiting for any content to play for such long time, I found inner peace.  Furthermore, do not be fooled by those cartoonish yellow workers.  They are very realistic; they don't do what you tell them to do and they goof around in the woods.This is a great game to test your diligence.  Once you get mad, you lose the game and have to start all over.  I have not had this much fun since Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,227860,10848691,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,razer9009,"broken game runs really bad i know its in alpha but starforge runs better and that game looks better and is more fun. this is not a good game. don't buy, serious don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,227860,10848417,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PNDA,"This game is ok but as of right now it will be a very choppy experience. I don't mean the actual game is choppy or anything it runs quite nice but you will not have a whole lot of fun. First thing I would like to state. The A.I is horrible. Some times to the point where progress is impossible. your archers wont shoot, your knights will just run away, and your workers will just stand there daydreaming not listening to anything you tell them to do, and especially since the game is based around building and defending from waves of enemies, it may seem like a good idea and it does have lots of potential it is not worth full price as of right now, get it on sale maybe but you won’t be installed it until its fixed, because at the time of writing this review the game is barely playable with a multiplayer aspect that doesn’t even work. Good concept and graphics and I can see the potential in the future. It will not be worth it until it is released."
76561198007499759,Not Recommended,227860,10849574,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Arthenisius,"very dissapointing progression, and the UI gets worse patch by patch."
76561198039154285,Not Recommended,227860,10876117,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wonderer,This game needs to get an update where it teaches you how to do everything because right now you have to figure it out on your own and most of the stuff that lets you build isn't even working
76561198013044787,Not Recommended,227860,10902429,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gubischubi,I was hyped once...Now I disliked the Facebook Page because they started spamming content not related to the game or the development.The game itself is a typical dead-end early-access scam.The idea was great.
,Not Recommended,227860,10847518,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Steven,Still needs a lot of work done. They need more developers on the team. Feel like they haven't made a lot of progress towards new content considering how long it's been out.
,Not Recommended,227860,10841085,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Big Boy Braeden,"Don't buy it. This game is dead. The developers have not put in more than 5 minutes a month to throw out a small bug fix that would have taken one of the devs no more than 5 minutes to make.Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of other good early access games out there! It's just that the devs of this game keep promising updates and they NEVER come. It's been over a year. They've made bank off of our money and they've left us with a game that is playable for about 2-3 hours and then it's boring.Don't waste your money. Don't waste your time.EDIT: This is now three years since this review was posted. I just thought it deserved an update because of how ♥♥♥♥ing funny it is that the features that were ""missing"" back then have taken three years to add."
76561197985926058,Recommended,227860,35027632,Posted: 17 September,all,Toshy,"I purchased this game when it was still a kick-starter project. I really liked the concept of the game, and the rts, voxel building mix really got me interested.Sadly this game suffered a lot from unexperienced developers, managers, and bad decisions. The game has been in early access for very long, and i've come back to it several times in the past few years.I would like to applaud the developers for staying at it, and turning this game around. They stayed at it, and kept trying to improve the game. And in my opinion they did just that. Although the game still has it's quirks, it's a lot better now and they have reconvinced me this game is going to be ok.Although the seem to have it released now, i hope they keep improving the game and use their gained knowledge to make it even better. On of the things that could really use some more work is the controls. The simpelest actions are still to complicated and need some more work. But you can do it guys, stay at it!"
76561198041336794,Not Recommended,227860,17496374,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,06turtleboy,This game is awful don't buy it.
76561198112052471,Not Recommended,227860,17817930,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,kromakas,Right normaly i love to support smll companys making great gams but not this one i bought this game 3 years ago had a great potentional pbut nothing in 3 years moved still limted options . Generaly game have so much and can become such a great game but n or in these developers hands i would not recomend to buy this game unles you want to waste 15 pounds I WANT REFUND
,Not Recommended,227860,11107636,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,AShadyZebra,Three words: Bugs and AI. The game is buggy to an extend beyond playable. And the AI (particularly when building walls) is sub-par.
76561198013193436,Not Recommended,227860,12615202,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,derique69,This game belongs in my cats litterbox. If your down to play with cat♥♥♥♥♥♥...then by all means buy!!!
,Not Recommended,227860,10864301,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DuckweedMafia,Complete waste of money. This game and many others like it have taught me to never go with Early Access unless proven successful.You wouldn't think it would be difficult to put together a little castle defense/builder but evidently it is. 20 bucks I'll never see again. It's disheartening that Steam promotes garbage like this on the front page. It's obviously a scam.
76561197992145356,Not Recommended,227860,13032546,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jumach,"The first few hours of Castle Story seemed to scratch a castle-building itch I had been having. Seeing as this is an Early Access title, I was more than willing to endure the countless AI bugs that left my Bricktrons doing absolutely nothing and repeatedly ignoring my commands. I was determined to build and epic, sprawling citadel to defend against the oncoming waves of enemies. Sadly, it wasn't long before defending against the repetetive waves of identical, easily dispatched foes lost its charm. I could not fault Castle Story for its lack of content, it IS and Early Access game. So, I waited. A check of their website said they were ""re-factoring"" their code. This was indeed a lengthy process and five or so months later, they announced its completion and that regular updates would soon resume. I held out faith that after the ""re-factoring"" of their code, updates would come much more quickly. After all, this was what the developers told us. However, here we are now, several months later and they've wasted time and money to create a ""Pause"" feature and some Halloween content. The addition of Halloween content to this game was just adding insult to injury. I find it incredibly difficult to believe that after months and months of waiting, Suaropod has failed to create anything of substance which could be implemented, even it were in a buggy state.Abandon hope all ye who enter. Castle Story, is an empty, lifeless shell of what your hard earned money actually paid to see."
76561198030247205,Not Recommended,227860,13033046,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,IrocGLI,"no updates, lame"
76561198012740922,Not Recommended,227860,13180288,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BITTTJ07,"I'll say this I can and have sat down and killed hours playing this game simply with the content it has.  There is alot of enjoyment to be gained from building your perfect castle and seeing it be defensable.  However there is a feeling of loss after that and lack of direction.  I understand the frustration of the community with the lack of updates, and I feel the same frustration but I have invested more time in this game than many others that cost twice as much.  On that basis alone I feel that while this game has not progressed to a level of gameplay I feel it could attain I have gotten enough hours of entertainment out of it to make it worth it for me.  That being said without the addition of new maps I wouldn't go so far as to recomend this to the average person."
76561198015395111,Recommended,227860,24065505,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sweet Buttery Jesus,Great conceptThe developers are more focused on these stupid building challenges rather than the ACTUAL game....i would highly reccoment the game IF the developes actually put out some serious updates. But overall i would still recomend.
,Recommended,227860,24108960,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rooky,"Good game, I love thi's game!!!)"
,Recommended,227860,24105719,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MarquisBS,With the new 0.7 Update its all good. So far I had no problems. Bricktrons seem to have improved a lot. But there are still some quirks. But I have faith in the devs that they will fix this too.I recommend this game. The idea is very unique.
76561198033587625,Not Recommended,227860,11608763,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,caerbannogbunny,"I took the liberty to make a list for you about castle story and its updates,Castle story updates so far....19/7/14Little updates - A pause featurebug fixes18/6/14A save fix14/6/142 bug fixes11/6/142 bug fixes5/6Apparently more stable17/6A bunch of jibirish crap22/3/14They talked about saving and loading ... seriouslty direct quote... ""We talk about the refactored save/load system (and how it will, unfortunately, break saves)""11/2/14Linux now.... cool21/12/13Bug fixes... im so shocked27/11/13They killed some bugs and by that they prob mean they squashed some flys at home laying naked on the couch watching ready steady cook23/10/13Bug fixes12/10/13Bug fixes1/10/13bug fixes...."
76561197961076890,Not Recommended,227860,11922366,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Radical Edward,Do you like early access with tons of updates and dev involvement with the community!? Then this is not the game for you! Have had this game for well over a year and have seen little to no progress or information about future plans. Truly a grab and go operation so far. If this game ever gets fully completed it may be great but FOR NOW IT IS NOT WORTH BUYING.
,Not Recommended,227860,11570428,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Abyssus_j,"Update for v0.6Game remains unplayable. Bugs that have persisted for 4 years now have not been addressed and show no sign that the dev team have the ability to resolve them and bring this game to a state where it will be a playable *game*Since purchasing this game I have discovered that the foundering team were two graphics designers at university. So far it seems they haven't tauight themselves to program in any meaningful way, and all the programmers they hire seem to swiftly quit.It sadens me to discover that instead of working hard on fixing real problems with their game, they have spent a great deal of time and resouces adding cosmetic (useless)  enhancements for christmas and halloween, as well as amassing many fake reviews and other PR spin to try to fool others into donating more of their hard earnt dollars to their existing holiday fund that was around $700,000 from kickstarter, and a mininum of $300,000 from steam (yes, thats around $1 million dollars)Grade A scammers. You have been warned.SAVE YOUR MONEYDO NOT BUY THIS GAMEEvery wonder why this game has so many negative reviews but the forums are overwhelmingly positive?That's because this games developers activly delete negative forum posts and ban those post's authors in an effort to hide the fact that this game has not recieved any significant update with ingame improvements in over 3 years.Every year prior to the Christmas, for 3 years running now, Sauropod have released a series of fake updates to Castle Story to create the illusion of activity in hopes of cashing in on the Christmas season sales.You don't hear about it on the forums because everyone who comments about it gets swifly banned.Save your money, avoid this game at all costs."
,Recommended,227860,28694912,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sir Dinga,"Having sunk hours upon hours into this game I can safely say, this is an incredible game in its own right.Whilst updates are rather infrequent with new content being added every 2 months or so, the game itself is endless fun. It does take a while to wrap your head around a few of the building mechanics but after doing so it is ridiculously satisfying, allowing you to build gigantic castles and towers from which your units can attack.The multiplayer is also a lot of fun with a rather bizarre take on a strategy game, rather than building a town to support your units development, you are literally building a castle and a few small outposts to defend shards that you must capture to give yourself an edge in PvP.The one downside I would say this game has is that it is a bit slow to start, however this is remedied by the fact you can summon waves when you are ready for them, meaning you can summon the first 20 or so waves within 20 clicks. This is virtually suicide but if you feel like doing this, go for it.I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,227860,33679539,Posted: 20 July,all,Connaisseur_Dherbes_Qc,"ONE OF THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OF STRATEGY EVER CREATED!!!! I like how the game his completely insane, hard to play and ♥♥♥♥ing addictive!!! Funny yellow caracters, rock ennemy and a lot of ressources to use at the same time!!! First and second game, i was completely overcome by the ennemys, after that i learned how to create and how to own thoses ♥♥♥♥ers!!! <3 <3 <3 10/5 for this BETA game wow"
76561198202390846,Recommended,227860,33868146,Posted: 28 July,all,WeebName.exe,Great game and glad to see the devs working so hard improve it
76561198186378505,Recommended,227860,33862967,Posted: 28 July,all,FakingHappyForever,"Woo coffee injections good game um new stuff uh 1.0 new processes and bricktron ""military units"" and um more corruptrons yeah good game buy it hard working devs best indie game"
,Recommended,227860,34547832,Posted: 28 August,all,Space Walrus,"Castle Story is a fun, challenging RTS Builder. While the game can be a breeze, it can also kick your butt. Even on Easy mode the AI can rush you down quite quickly if you're not fast enough at mustering a formidable force. The UI is easy to understand for the most part, with the radial menu being nice and smooth to interact with. While not the fastest UI, it's not an RTS about keeping your APM high. Sometimes you'll be able to sit back and watch your Bricktrons do their work. The maps are all unique and offer their own challenge. The game even ships with a built in map-editor and Workshop support.Overall the game is fun and great to sit down with for an hour or two at a time.Since the game was first placed into EA on Steam, I have had this product. I'll admit there was a time when I was doubtful of it's release. But the developers kept with the project and turned it into a fine, fun game. Castle Story has changed dramatically since it's first iterations and all for the better. The UI improved, new classes for Bricktrons, new stations for crafting, new materials to craft. However, even with new additions the game never got too complicated. New materials were easy to craft, and weren't overwhelming. New systems are easy to understand and get a hang of. Perhaps the best addition is working multiplayer. You can create maps for your friends and you to play on, either in a 2vCorrupton match, or 1v1s, or if you so desire a larger free for all scenario.A lot of the reviews on Steam are woes about the Early Access, or about how long it took, or how the game didn't live up to their expectation because it should be amazing after being a five year project.The game isn't a masterpiece, no. But it's fun, cute, and a great way to spend your time when you're looking for more casual RTS building experience. I don't feel entitled to some masterpiece just because it's been in development for a while. I never expected that. I expected what was delivered. And I enjoy this game very much.I'd rate this game about a 7 out of 10. It's no masterpiece, but it certainly hits the spot when you're in the mood for it."
76561198026539771,Recommended,227860,32403780,Posted: 13 June,all,LT.franklen,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th4Czv1j3F8
76561198097505081,Not Recommended,227860,9422362,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,mrstv502,"i think you should wait untill the real game comes out... ( not early acses) because i have a game breaking bug , when ever i load the game i dont have any bricktrons"
76561198120305853,Not Recommended,227860,8519926,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,charlesroyer53,waste of money cant figure anything out
76561198043430027,Not Recommended,227860,9901404,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Luzarioth,"Buggy as Hell, no Update since last year.DON'T BUY, JUST A CASH IN !"
76561198023559781,Not Recommended,227860,9216888,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Nazarid,"I would reccomend anything but this until it is finished... currently it has a mirade of bugs and other weird issues. P.S. I have seen just 1 update since purchase of the game (early release) you would think that there would have been more updates I know the dev's say they are working on more content/fixing their terrible coding but still do not expect a playable game until it is released.TLDR'  Buggy, Clunky, Unfinished, Almost unplayable, and a Waste of Cash in its current form."
76561198122038992,Not Recommended,227860,9194085,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,hmarie132000,"I cannot say how angry I am right now.  I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!! Seriously, I want my money back.  The demo shows this cute little game where you circle areas of terrain and the little yellow dudes do what you say.  I bought this game, downloaded it, and started playing it.  It starts with a few dudes standing around a blue rock.  I click on one of them, they highlight with a little circle, I click on a tree, and they stop being highlighted and keep right on standing there.  After about ten minutes of increasing frustration, I finally succeed on getting two of them to cut down some trees. This causes one of them to fall off the world, and the other to quit working completely.  Meanwhile, I've been trying to get the others to build some sort of anything at all.  Highlighting an area of the ground causes a little square to appear and then disappear as soon as you let go of the button.  This causes the the little yellow dudes to continue standing around and do nothing.  This game is niether fun nor intuitive.  If I could give stars, I wouldn't give it any.I posted my review back in February 2014, it is now November of the same year, so I decided to give this game another try.  Literally nothing has changed or improved in any way.  The little yellow creatures still don't move (I got a message from the developer when I complained about it last time-- they said it was just because I couldn't figure out how to play the game) and there are no new maps.   Still can't reccommend this game, still want my money back.Update: September 2015.  I saw the update queue on my computer and decided to try the game again.Bricktrons:  The bricktrons will now move, and will perform assigned tasks most of the time. They do have a strong tendency to freeze as their A.I. seems to lose track of what they are doing, but it is possible to build things, as long as there aren't more than 6 bricktrons on screen.  They get in each other's way very easily, and I have had to restart my game more than 4-5 times in a single gaming session due to freezes/crashes.Tutorial: I played the tutorial, and it did help me figure out the controls. However, I did run into problems where the menus simply wouldn't pop up, or if they did, it wasn't the menu I needed at the time.Conclusion: If this was the game I had downloaded almost 2 years ago, it wouldn't have been half bad, and I would have given it a positive review,  If the game continues to improve, I will switch my review to recommended."
76561198007208055,Not Recommended,227860,13179604,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,evanjellyman,what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Threw my money at these devs and they have done a runner.
76561198039299414,Not Recommended,227860,13183937,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Pegleglarry,There are several reasons why you should not buy this game. As others have stated there are almost no updates in two years to speak of besides pumpkin hats and some updated sounds. I bought this game early alpha and the game looks promising. I would NOT reccoment buying this game until the devs actually start to do something substantial instead of adding useless hats. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS STAGNANT GAME.
76561197991868174,Recommended,227860,23084653,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sleepypanda,This game is alot of fun and has a unique concept that sets it apart from many other games. The use of builders helps automate some of the more tedious aspects of Minecraft. I can't wait to play on the big island with my buddies once it is completed.
76561198045593640,Not Recommended,227860,18669073,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SHHtoner,i cant say i can blame the game for my negativity but rather the developer. while only given vague at best answer on updates they are very far and few. it took six months for two minor things to be updated and update was about a year ago. looking through the comment section i see the developer being rude to the people asking about the updates and that makes things worse. is that how you should treat the people pushing for the product they payed for? the game itself was fun for a good hour but with no content and no forseeable updates i think the game needs a new developer or it will flop.
76561198009306393,Not Recommended,227860,18473302,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Baron von Tupperware,Complete lack of meaningful updates on this game. Zero major content patches in over two years speaks for itself.
76561198045145646,Not Recommended,227860,19208847,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Lil T,"Played this a while back and was disappointed with it, too many problems. And muliplayer didn't work."
,Not Recommended,227860,10846189,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Humungus,SHIIIIIIIIIIIIT
76561197968045626,Not Recommended,227860,11569861,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Pronk,Taking way to long to get this game playable. No useful updates since I purchased. Save your money and open NotePad and click spacebar every once in awhile.
76561198006976990,Not Recommended,227860,8635032,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CrazedStalker,Needs a lot of work. Too many bugs still and is very one dimensional as oof 1-9-14.
,Not Recommended,227860,8691390,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,HotOneCraze,"Watching trailers of this game caught my attention so I decided to give it a shot.  The first few minutes of trying to play this game was very frustrating.  The controls were not user friendly at all, especially for first comer.  Even now, I still have trouble trying to build a successful castle.  I hope this game gets a really good update to make it more friendly to new comers."
76561198121167510,Not Recommended,227860,8638584,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Azianrety345ytr,this don`t even work
,Not Recommended,227860,13166950,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Blinkrieg,"No updates, poor performance - nothing to do here.DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,227860,13179570,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,smartywoot,This game is broken
76561198007272875,Not Recommended,227860,13034835,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Propopulus,"I have waited,The updates are not coming. Oh wait, the developer did add the ""PAUSE FEATURE""***At this time, I cannot verify the pause feature is working"
,Recommended,227860,22897688,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tamaster,"VERSION 0.6.4 REVIEW===Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ Very good mix of Sandbox, Tower Defence and Strategy that actually works+ You can build your very own fortress and defend it with an army+ Totally destructible / modifiable environment+ Added sandbox mode to build without worry of attacks+ Simple enough control system allows you to do what you need quickly+ AI has improved much since past versions and now can do complex tasks without errors+ Good building system / task system that doesn't make a mess of what is going on and keeps it clean+ Multiplayer has been improved and now works properly+ Good variety, for an Early Access, of parts and structures to build- Cons -- Camera system could be better- You still have to dig resources in sandbox mode, instead of having everything unlimited like a proper ""creative"" mode- Kinda poor variety of units to either build or to face in battle as enemies===Personal opinionCastle Story is surely a game with lots of potential, and still has time and quite a long way to be able to fully express the possibilities available to its gameplay. Still, it has improved a lot since the past versions, devs actually listened to the community on what should be done to improve the game, and did it.This mix of Defense, RTS and Sandbox can be found in very few other games i know of, and it's worth to give a try to anyone who likes building his own stuff and/or RTS in general.It can really be fun to defend your own castle, underground fortress or whatever you want to build against increasingly difficult enemies, think of it as a Stronghold mixed with Minecraft, pretty epic isn't it?I will update this review when updates come out, stay tuned.===ACTUAL RATING: 8/10"
,Recommended,227860,33790742,Posted: 25 July,all,Ruler Of The Forest,5 stars
76561198014694534,Not Recommended,227860,17336046,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mudokwan,"I bought this game a while ago. I tried playing for hours. I say tried because all the playtime I have hasn't amounted to a single structure built. Rather, it was spent trying to get the only controllable characters in the game to actually respond to my commands.This game hasn't had any added content since I purchased it, and the ""bricktrons"" still don't respond to my commands even after they post news stating that their most recent update fixed the issues. I assure you, it has not.Do not purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,34395997,Posted: 21 August,all,NickiHell,Where is fuc*ing optimization?
,Not Recommended,227860,7810791,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mantis Toboggan M.D,"Please don't get this game.It's broken, I try and move these yellow things around and they don't move :L4/10"
76561198001955952,Recommended,227860,23599901,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,decook,"After the slating this game got in early development, I'm shocked that the devs have gone on to put as much love in to it, as they obviously have. Nice work Sauropod!"
76561198157796075,Recommended,227860,29122900,Posted: 8 January,all,Wieselbert,The Game is cool. I like the gameplay just survive and build what you want.
76561198046856412,Not Recommended,227860,14670025,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Seniore Wonderfluff,"inconsistent updates, broken AI and little to nothing in said updates.wait untill its done and dont buy it untill its a full release"
76561198100409972,Recommended,227860,24516161,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vozze,I have already had great fun in this game and I expect alot of fun to come!This game was woth it's 20 euro's!
76561198036363273,Not Recommended,227860,32407006,Posted: 14 June,all,PlanetSider,"I regret the days I still could of gotten a refund. Here goes:This game was first announced released back in 2012 and has still seen many issues unresolved as of 14th June 2017. Furthermore it was released at the very peak of the early access frauds and excrement pile back in 2012-2014.In this game there are 3 game modes and about a dozen maps.There is Invasion mode, which is where invading corruptrons try and overrun your base. This mode- even on easy is far too difficult and you simply cannot build any sort of full blown base under any circumstance. It is the most fustrating and useless mode ridden with lag.Then you have Sandbox. A mode in which the player can build anything s/he wants without any corruptrons whatsoever. I have played this mode the least mainly because my experience with this game's pathfinding and building system to be very poor.And finally, the newest mode: Conquest mode. A giant pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game mode takes several hours to complete and I have yet to win it even on easy mode. The primary issue with this game mode is not only difficulty but also the ridiculously annoying fact that this game has repeatedly crashed and corrupted my save files meaning that in order to complete I must play it in a full 6 hour session or so. Good riddance to that i say.This game has had a poor history of development. Despite every single time a new update has come out and the excitement thereof, the team has still failed to fix the biggest issues in the game. Issues I face such as:-3 Bricktrons carrying 1 stone brick each for a single block needing to placed. A perfect waste of time.-Construction projects taking 3 or 4 times longer than what they should take.-Bricktrons repeatedly heading back to base despite still carrying several stacks of material they were literally about to place.-Ridiculous amounts of chronic lag and performance issues (seriously this gets so bad late game).-bricktrons sometimes running around in cirlces for no reason.-Corruptrons just standing in 1 spot for eternity.-When in Paused Game Mode, you cannot do anything (This is abhorent considering the lag in-game).-AI pathfinding sometimes leads Bricktrons to walk to the far stretches of the map and get killed by hostile corruptrons.-Game is too difficult in Easy Mode.-Not enough special resources underground.-AI is utterly awful when Bricktrons run into eachother and transfer their respective cargo. Most times this happens they head straight back to the stockpile.-Bricktrons regulary get stuck inside quarries by other bricktrons.-Save games get easily corrupted thus ruining hours of effort.-No autosaves.-Everytime I have played this game I never have a happy ending.-Also horrible amounts of lag spikes that happen all the time. These get extremely bad when corruptrons begin attacking you and you need to act.-No fast forward button.-Game crashes.-No tutorial.-Even minor mistakes in the early game will lead to severe consequences later on.-Quarries take forever to dig through.-Despite being on Unity, this game tears right through anybody's RAM.-No mods. Only maps available on Steam Workshop.-Game crashes if you press 'Get Started' too quickly whenever starting a new game.-Lots of bugs.-As inferred earlier: This game has the worst pathfinding and despite continual effort from the devs it is still awful.-Updates take several months to be released.-For the first 3 years of this game's development nothing whatsoever happened.-This game gives me an aneurysm every time I play.TLDR; ♥♥♥♥ this game and don't buy it in a lifetime. And don't be fooled everytime this game gets an update, it still is chronically bad and ridden with issues and has never been otherwise since the day it was released."
76561198039696635,Recommended,227860,34697368,Posted: 2 September,all,7DarkWarrior7,"super fun game, and im excited for all of the new updates"
,Recommended,227860,34324766,Posted: 18 August,all,Grofist,I played the game for a few years now. The new content is amazing and I will sure spent a few more hours.
,Not Recommended,227860,34430875,Posted: 22 August,all,stabbedbyapanda,For how long its been out (early access) theres a surprising lack of content. Also there is a delay between each task given to units. Also it made my computer extremely loud (so it runs a pretty heavy load which is odd)
76561198065523648,Not Recommended,227860,17237830,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Starpackson csgolive.com,just no
,Not Recommended,227860,13078941,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LelReaper,"This game has a good idea going on but it does not do a good job of building on to that idea in order to make the game interesting and fun. The controls are too complicated and it really isn't fun. I played the tutorial and started to doubt if I should have bought the game or not. Until this game gets better and is actually fun to play for a longish period of time to keep the players hooked, you should be ABSOLUTELY sure you want to buy this game before purchasing it!"
76561198104438486,Recommended,227860,22828365,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,comptebistouri,"It's been a long time since I knew this game had potential, but Sauropod encountered problem in the first steps of the development. After 200h ingame, I stoped. I came back yesterday, and I have to say: this potential clearly became reality with the last patchs.There are 4 main modes (for the moment):-Peace mode: build your own castle (tunnel and bridge) and expand it to a whole map in peace mode. Perfect to practice!!-Survival mode: try to survive as long as possible to the enemies waves. You'll have to smartly build your castle and defend it with your archers, knights, catapults and traps. (dificulties: easy, normal, hard)-Conquest mode: build multiple structure and try to expand your kingdom to capture enemie's base without being attacked in your main castle. (dificulties: easy, normal, hard)-Coop peace mode: build with your friends!There is also a map editor and a lot of new content upcoming.Don't care about these old review pointing the bad optimisation, or saying this game is dead. They are wrong, castle story is alive, improving and WAITING FOR YOU SOLDIER! If you like strategic/construction/war game , this one is definitely for you!!!"
76561198109584770,Recommended,227860,21378232,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tiemosso,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!! it's sad that the devs don't do very much, but it's worth it! this game is amazing. you can do all kinds off stuff and this last update really boosted my excitement for this awesome game <3"
76561198021183426,Not Recommended,227860,17861676,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Zeke,"don't buy it. I got the game all most when it first came out. all I want is a post of what kind of progress your making on the game at least once a week. If your not making any tell us its still saying ""Hey we are still working on it but we have hit a wall sorry but we will keep at it"" I thought it might help them gain people to buy the game If they saw it was actually still being worked on. They didn't want to hear it. They falt out deleted the post.  I see why its got negative reviews. Do not waste your time."
,Not Recommended,227860,34495106,Posted: 25 August,all,rocket2guns,"For a game called ""Castle Story"", there is neither a story, nor is there any reason to build castles.PositivesThe art style is pleasant, appealing, and fits with the game wellThe music and sound effects fit very wellIt's very satisfying to watch your bricktons when they successfully perform your orders such as building and resource gatheringPhysics, when working well, looks and feels great. Such as chopping up trees or watching your walls be broken down.NegativesThe game gets more glitchy as it progresses. Physics and AI are the two main problems. Your bricktons tend to eventually get confused or stuck about some orders, and the AI can get really confused when attacking.Two out of the three game modes are pointless and frustraiting. Creative works reasonably well, and if you like just building things that makes sense. But the other two modes suffer very bad, especially after about twenty minutes, due to glitches and in particular poor AI.There is no reason to build a castle, or to build high. You build walls, you put ranged units on them, and then you wait for the glitches to get bad enough to quit.ConclusionI wanted to like this game. Quite a lot. It's a great concept and in general the implementation is good with some really creative concepts implemented. But for a game called ""Castle Story"", there is neither a story, nor is there any reason to build castles. It is a wall building defense game. The game needs a purpose."
,Not Recommended,227860,25961680,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Bennyboy32,"I regret buying this game. A friend showed me a trailer and I thought huh that looks neat - bought the game three years ago and haven't played more than an hour. It has performance issues, the controls and interface are non-intuitive and poorly designed and there's no tutorial. I am very surprised that the game is still in early access. I have not had any fun playing this game unfortunately."
76561198022207657,Recommended,227860,22828811,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lu3Mb,"I brought this game a couple of years ago and it was very buggy and very limited what you actually can do, So i stopped playing for along time but recently i picked it up again and it seems like it improved alot. It seems too have way less bugs the building got way better and the AI doesnt ♥♥♥♥ up as much as it did back then. Still it isnt finished there are still lot of bugs in the game. But if you like building things and blowing them up its alot of fun."
76561197984468483,Not Recommended,227860,31944342,Posted: 24 May,all,Mouse_Cop,10/10 I cannot complain about the content if there is no content!3 years and 8 months in we still dont see a version 1.0 but we do see the devs selling shirts at PAX. I mean if you look on their twitter they are on may 9th sitting there juggling in their plush studio while the people that gave money to pay for all that garbage get nothing. This is a textbook example of why crowd funding so flawed. THis GAme needs to be removed from the market place.
76561198081224114,Recommended,227860,22792430,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,alemismun,The improvements are great!I cant wait to see this game when it gets out of early acess!
76561198055627394,Not Recommended,227860,13649842,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,minkminky12,I've had this game for about a year and the biggest update ive seen happened a few days ago. The update changed almost nothing about the game. Still has the same bugs it had a year ago and i dont see this game going anywhere. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
76561198119602712,Not Recommended,227860,15570417,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,GreenColts,Bought this game couple of years ago... it was♥♥♥♥♥♥Went back a few months ago to see if it had changed... it was♥♥♥♥♥♥The game is still in beta and has been for about 3 years now. ♥♥♥♥ing devs wont upload and still expcet praise for this piece opf♥♥♥♥♥♥.. dont buy this... you could buy csgo instead :)
76561198007855446,Not Recommended,227860,20799619,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DarkAngelFurioso,Incompetent developer. Emails go unanswered.  very much unplayable and a waste of money.0/10 - Gotta be playable to even make it on the board.
76561197998584983,Not Recommended,227860,14234081,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,TheSteelPitt,"Regretfully, a great concept and kickstart seems to have dwindled in development.Until more features are added into the game, I can not recommend it in its current state."
,Not Recommended,227860,14248768,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,◬SlayerWasp,"This game is very innovative, it has tons of potential. The gameplay is a bit clunky yes, but the concept and gameplay style is genius. I would highly recommend waiting to buy this game as the update time is slow. Do not ruin this game concept for yourself and buying it now, wait until the final project. I would give this game a final score of 8/10. 2 points were subtracted, and keep in mind this is for the current version, for clunky mechanics, and some poor path making system."
,Not Recommended,227860,12438035,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,VerteX #CannotAim,"I originally purchased this game, like many others, as soon as it was available. The idea was simple: I liked the game, and wanted to see it improve. The problem came when no improvements were made.In two years they've fixed one or two major bugs, optimized the engine slightly, added the ability to save - but that's the extent of it. With the money they've collected, and the amount of people working on the game, this result (or lack thereof) is disasterous.This kind of slow, $#@%ty work might be acceptable in the public sector, but in the private sector there's accountability, and there's backlash when you take people's money and don't make good on your end of the deal. Simply put, Sauropod is yet another dishonest group of people taking advantage of the early-access / crowd funding systems. Don't give them your money."
76561197971574539,Not Recommended,227860,12669615,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Tasty Mushroom,"it is a stale, empty, tech demo and it's been that way since day 1.the studio behind it is disrespectful and arrogant in it's communication.updates? maybe, some day, when they get around to it.don't buy, at least not now."
76561198047029382,Not Recommended,227860,14274428,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Remove Huntress,This games bugs are worth $2. I would not want anyone else to make the same mistake I did by buying this. The multiplayer requires you to play 1 verses 1.
76561197973768994,Not Recommended,227860,12792965,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mr. Lover Lover Dry Humper,"Fun but steep learning curve i,ve found. Also buggy as hell, Been playing on and off for awhile now but havent seen much progress overall.. Dont recommend unless you want a few ours to kill but never again."
,Not Recommended,227860,12785974,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Meddikai,Contains a trojan. Artemis!9BE06C54320E GG.
76561197976495748,Not Recommended,227860,7797410,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lady Lupe,"At this time I cannot recommend this game even as an early access as the development of the game has cease to exist.Before you check the positive reviews, please keep in mind the last time they played the game, when the review was made along in regards to the time they spent playing on the game. You will soon find out why its one of the positive reviews a mist the majority of helpful negative reviews on the front page.******Also Please note that to this date 17/08/2015 Sauropod Studios is still deleting posts on the Forum, that should bring up Large Red Flags in your mind*****"
,Not Recommended,227860,11867243,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Osarusan,"This is a cute game with a really fun premise. However, the path finding is so buggy that you simply can't make anything like what the screenshots show you. At most, you'll get a 10-brick wall before your characters become so unresponsive that you are clicking everywhere in frustration just to get them to react at all. Watching cheese grow mold is more interactive than this game.If the devs ever fix the bugs and get this game working, it has the potential to be a quit fun building game."
,Not Recommended,227860,1696082,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,GuruDingo,"Hopefully they fix the controls to this before it's final release, because it's a broken ♥♥♥♥ing mess as of it's initial release"
,Not Recommended,227860,10549728,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Yoropiata,"Castle Story is a fun time killer, but it gets annoying when you get further into the game and your Bricktrons (workers) stop reacting to commands due to a bug, which is a huge downside to the game unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend buying this game before it is a full release."
76561197994997159,Not Recommended,227860,7932458,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Valdres,"This has potential, but definitely don't buy into the early access. Wait until its developed further and more complete.It's not yet the graphical Dwarf Fortress I want."
,Not Recommended,227860,9602105,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tekoa,Scam
76561198042237740,Recommended,227860,4828005,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Spooky Turquoise ♦,"About 4 years ago, I got this game in Early Acccess. I had a very enjoyable time with it, but there was not much to do really and it could be quite buggy and annoying at times. 4 years later, just 1 update away from being done, this game has added so much and has been a great time. The devs never abondoned their game, I'd recommend giving it a shot if you're a fan of those games where you command units to build, and watch your beautiful ideas unfold."
76561198008348650,Not Recommended,227860,2500522,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Raef,"Edit: !!Shortly there is a lil bit of comment at english!!!!Mukaansa tempaava, (survival). Hivenen puttuu sisältöä, mutta luvassa on kuulemma lisää.Peli on kummiskin pahasti kesken vaikkakin ensimmäinen patchi korjasi näemmä paljon pelin vanhaa sisältöä. Tässä Tapauksessa suosittelen varauksella ""Tower Defence"" ystäville.edit.Eli peli on saanut isomman koodiin perustuvan ""korjaus"" päivityksen ja jäljellä olisi ilmeisesti (en tiedä mitä). Pelaajalle ei varsinaisesti näy mitään joten odottelua edelleen.vaihodin peikalon alas päin. Itse en ole nähnyt mitään selkeää karttaa missä mennään ""roadmap"" joten aina päivityksen tullessa saa lueskellä mitä se sisältää, ja vieläkin peli on lähes alpha tasolla jos pelin historiaa lukee (steamissa niiden tulisi ilmeisesi olla beta vaiheessa).kick->steam-> jne..https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/902505202/castle-storyhttp://www.reddit.com/search?q=castle+storyThose have ""good"" info what people think of this.This startet 2012 as kickstarter and then it came to steam. I bought it on steam and i havent seen or feel any change.. so i recomend STRONGLY to wait till it has something big like workking base building system etc."
76561198040164536,Not Recommended,227860,9803298,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Naco,Hard to understand and control. Nothing to help a new player...
,Not Recommended,227860,34448773,Posted: 23 August,all,Sir Ventricle,"I've been playing this game on and off - pretty much after each patch - since it was in very early access, and coming back to it after full release I have to say that a lot of is much better than it used to be. I've been rooting for these guys for years now, and although development has been patchy I really want them to deliver a good game. Unfortunately, what I've seen in 7ish hours of play, mostly on survival, hasn't quite convinced me that they've succeeded in that.The good:- Love the aesthetic and general idea. I'm a massive Stronghold fan and this is basically the basics of that plus the creative elements of Minecraft. The tech tree is tiny but at least there's something of a tiered upgrade system that rewards planning and efficient placement of storage and crafting stations.- I like the task-based building/crafting/repairing idea, and how it's integrated in the UI. You hold RMB to bring up the contextual menu, then choose what task you want to set. Then you can assign units to it, allowing you to keep a prioritised list of tasks to complete.- Sandbox mode works well, particularly because the building mechanics are relatively intuitive and construction takes place quite intelligently (at least compared to early access). It's fun to build a large castle and the materials provided make it easy to build something that looks good, too.The neutral:- I haven't run into any crashes yet, unlike in the early access versions.What needs to be improved:- There NEEDS to be a tutorial. Right now, it's very difficult to tell what something does except by experimenting with it, and - combined with the complete lack of tooltips - this makes it much more difficult to appreciate the little depth there is. This leads to my next point:- There's no real depth to the game yet. As I mentioned before, the tech tree is tiny and you can in fact skip most of it (you don't need to have archers or halberdiers, you can go straight to crossbowmen and knights). In sandbox mode, where no threats apart from buggy pathfinding exist, this is fine - after all, you spend most of your time building and tech isn't a worry because you're not defending yourself. Invasion, however, becomes incredibly hard, because your units don't scale with the ever-harder-hitting waves. There's an achievement for wave 60, but since your first-tier units become obsolete by wave 10, most of your defenses after that point rely on good planning and clever layouts; this means you need to radically change strategies (from teching up to planning castle layout) and you aren't really given much time to do so. In other words: for a 1.0 release it feels like it's missing quite a bit of core content.- The difficulty curve on invasion is absolutely punishing. Related to the first point, because the difficulty derives partly from the lack of synergy between increasing invasion threat and the lack of higher-tier units, but exacerbated by some questionable design choices. Although it's possible to turn your military units back into workers, I didn't manage to find out how to do this on my own, and it offers little tactical advantage apart from upgrading units. Because it's unclear precisely how you acquire new workers (I think you can still mine for crystals, but I don't really see them), I found myself almost always undermanned either on the soldier front (because my other units were gathering resources and building defences) or on the worker front (because I needed my soldiers to defend).- All of this is made much, much worse by the AI. The pathfinding is a lot better than it used to be, and construction is done pretty well now, but nearly everything else is an exercise in frustration. Micromanagement is almost impossible, partially because selecting units is difficult in the first place (and drag-selecting them tends to select objects instead), but also because your options for unit behaviour are terrible. There are two stances: defensive, which roots the unit to the exact spot it stands on, and aggressive, which lets the unit walk over to nearby enemies. I ended up mostly using the former, since the latter means your units walk through doors (sometimes opening the castle gate to a swarm of enemies) and getting themselves killed. You can manually select targets too (though there's no way of automatically prioritising particular targets, like bigger monsters first), but good luck actually landing the right-click on especially the smaller monsters. The chief culprit here of course is the UI, but it feels like the bulk of the problem could be resolved by making unit AI more intelligent. Also, while units can stand on adjacent voxels, mass-moving a group always spaces them out by a couple of voxels, often ruining formations. Worker AI is unhelpful as well: with some exceptions they tend to just do their own thing, which can be somewhat adjusted by setting priorities, but not always. It's not often clear why a worker isn't carrying out its task, and sometimes they will automatically deselect themselves from being assigned to a task (frustratingly, for example, to the catapult - they keep wandering off while an invasion is on). This makes it very hard to plan properly because you can't really rely on any of your units to do the right thing.TL;DR:Castle Story has a unique aesthetic and has the potential to draw you into a niche that isn't really filled by anything right now. Unfortunately, a lack of polish and some significant UI and AI problems make its main game mode tedious and frustrating, and the overall product feels like it wasn't quite ready to come out of early access yet. Hopefully future updates will add more content and improve unit AI, and then we might be looking at a really interesting game."
,Not Recommended,227860,7980542,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Winter Fox (Q),"The idea of the game is good and it would be a very fun game but it is very buggy, that is to be expected for an early acsses game but if you want to play it without any problems I sugest you wait."
76561198119567647,Recommended,227860,24446555,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The_Handheld_Paladin,"do you like resource management? do you like difficult strategy games? then this is for you! control your little yellow Bricktron minions to build a fort to withstand a humungous army and protect the heart of your power, the crystal. Castle story is a charming yet sometimes tense game where planning, contruction and strats are the heart of winning. Just came out of early access and has changed so much from the basic, 3 class system, to a huge, diverse game in which you defend and build your castle in a MORE complicated yet fun way. Do recommend as it is so much fun with world creation."
,Not Recommended,227860,34313246,Posted: 17 August,all,Xynthinel,"It has been a long ride since alpha,but don't be tricked by the ''1.0"" release.While getting 700k to fund their project they failed to mention they where a team withlittle to no experience. No problem to me tho, when you back a project you need to be aware thatthese thing might happen. And i'm not even mad for the 7 years it took to make this game,You guys had to restart from 0 i get it.What disgusts me is the moral of the team. '' We will se how much we'll work further on the game based on the reception 1.0 will be getting'' . You've been 7 years in alpha, you're an amateuristic studio, you ask a relatif high price and you've released a 1.0 that is still buggy. And in my opinion it'sunfinished content wise but still ''you're gonne se what the reception is''? I don't think they get the part of all the people who waited 7 years while having backed this game deserver more than that. You can't expect people are happy the moment you think your game is complete.It takes hard work, communication with the community and lots of content befor a game wil start to take of.If you casn't bring further updates cause of a bad ''reception'' remember the ''reception'' is bad for a reason.I would recomand you guys hiring some professionals cause you guys seem to have  no idea of how giving and taking works with a gaming community"
76561198303816323,Recommended,227860,34484125,Posted: 25 August,all,BluTooth,"This is a great idea and an amazing game! I find it awesome to play. The only downside is it is a little hard to find a tutorial, although i just watched some youtube lets plays and found out how to start, as well as this there is a help button to guide you though different parts of the game which i found really helpful! This is a great game and i cant wait to see it finnished. One thing i would like to see added (maybe) is a food system, plant crops or hunt animals to feed your bricktrons. Maybe the devs could also add water and boats (if there is a food system then fishing?).  P.s i only just got this game recently so i dont know if its a bad game for the time spent on it, but i find it a good game :)"
76561198269432411,Recommended,227860,34467018,Posted: 24 August,all,iRoK Brute,As a game thats only just came out of early access its really good ive had it since the beggining and seeing it grow and change is an amazing thing. anyway there is no way i can tell you all the good things about this game so i will just tell you the best things...    first off the gamplay by itself is so unique the graphics are colourful and bright and the bricktons ARE SO ADORABLE. so i would recommend that if you have not already BUY THIS GAME or at least watch a youtuber do it (Hint:me)My YT username is 'Gible Gamer' btw
,Recommended,227860,32849716,Posted: 27 June,all,AVENGER,Ive been interested in this game for a while since it was being advertised on kickstarter.  I've only played in since the update so I don't know if any of the negative reviews hold much ground anymore.  The biggest problem I have right now is there is no tutorial that I know of.  Must stuff I had to learn by trial and error or by going to their website.  The second thing is that I don't feel like there is much to do (beyong building).  Im sure that will change as the game is being developed.  Ultimatley I would like to play as something else other then a minion for dispicable.  Other then that the game is everything I thought it would be and as long as they keep taking the game in a good (all be it slow) direction I have no problems with it.
76561198056084114,Recommended,227860,32997954,Posted: 29 June,all,lmnop382,"A very fun game with a dedicated, but slow developement process. My largest suggestion is optimization."
76561198298110466,Recommended,227860,33495659,Posted: 12 July,all,Pietro04BR [Huu3],"This game is so good, but sometimes I select to the bricktrons get resources and they only keep looking to the objective, this is so bad and I cant continue my save, but I want to continue because this game is so good and addictive.CAZUM8 <3 S2 SZ"
76561198162629192,Recommended,227860,33457243,Posted: 11 July,all,Catden,Fun game just not finished. A few annoying bugs bun none that are game breaking.
,Recommended,227860,33092776,Posted: 1 July,all,Jackson,Great creative game!
76561198058652601,Recommended,227860,33542480,Posted: 14 July,all,SnoopPugg,The game is absolutely awesome.
76561198036727620,Recommended,227860,32790976,Posted: 25 June,all,AirBart0,"If you're reading a review to buy the game now, the multi year history of how it got to where it is now is probably irrelevant to you. After the 0.9 update, the game is fun (again, there was a point 2-3 years ago where I also had a blast with it).The Bricktron characters are sufficiently skilled that they can cobble together a block where you tell them and swing a sword / arrow at what is in front of them.  The corruptrons are relentless.  This means that it your castle building skill matters again - this is the whole reason I bought this game years ago.  On the down side, this means your little yellow guys aren't the deadliest warriors or master sculpters, so you need to be patient with them - but that purposful limitation is what makes it fun.Glad the  developers stuck with it.   I feel like I'm seeing what they described years ago."
,Recommended,227860,33001691,Posted: 29 June,all,Twitch.tv/ShrimpMcSherry,A great way to spend free time
,Recommended,227860,33080218,Posted: 1 July,all,Barbie Watcher Bengt 32 69,Good game. and really good music.
76561198009258436,Recommended,227860,33157757,Posted: 2 July,all,MadMonkeyNZ,I played a very early alpha version thanks to my mate being a kickstarter backer. This was in 2014. When this popped up on steam I gladly payed the $20 NZD for it. It's an awesome strategy game that continues to be improved. Highly advise you go on the wiki and look at a few videos to get your bearings though... an in game tutorial would be nice.
,Recommended,227860,33466032,Posted: 11 July,all,i_like_pie80,"its a great game if you dont mind being constantly frustrated between telling your knights to stand their ground yet do nothing if another knight thats oooh lets say 2 blocks away has 3 corruptrons on it, since the last update the AI self assigns tasks, which is a pain because most the time you need them to be focused on 1 task, them focusing on many tasks just makes things take longer to get done(the only place this is useful is when making armor and weapons and they self assign making ingots and then turning the ingots into armor if you have it queued). i also think that a good suggestion would be too let use keep upgrading the armor on knights to be more durable like perhaps have an option that requires more ingots to make but includes a chestplate instead of just a helmet and a sword and shield, we need a unit that is acually on par with some of the corruptrons or able to atleast help deal with a big group without being completely oblitrated when a giant corruptron comes and picks your knights up and tosses it off the map because the fight too close to a cliff, with all this being said the game shows potential, i think that if the AI were to be heavily revised and improved further(and task self assign was taken out, it really doesnt improve much of anything). i do have alot of fun in this game and i think that if you give it a chance that it will slowly earn a spot in your library"
76561198156975317,Recommended,227860,33317003,Posted: 6 July,all,loopypiggles,this game is very creative and i defantly recommend this game (tho you do have to be very good at waiting for updates)
,Recommended,227860,33542516,Posted: 14 July,all,WurankVashmilla,It may of taken a while but this game finally feels more like a RTS
76561197960963820,Not Recommended,227860,9953709,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,frepper,"Edit. OK now  this is getting ridiculous, still no content updates.Steam should really nuke this game. Take it away from store now please!"
76561197995214758,Not Recommended,227860,8386515,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Oriyagi,"Addivtive. It's still a bit buggy, but if you're patient it's well worth it.Sadly, I'm changing this out. Its been nearly a year and I've seen virtually no progress actually made aside from a PAUSE button. I used to follow their blog updates anxiously but now? Silence. Not a peep. So if you're looking for great gameplay and a fun sandbox, look elseware. Just con artists here."
,Not Recommended,227860,23529369,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Trains,This game has had some GREAT updates but since those updates my FPS has dropped to 15 FPS ):
76561198129649726,Recommended,227860,35028936,Posted: 17 September,all,tempstuff,Love this game. And why not. Its nice and cool... blah blah blah... The lag spikes drive me crazy. I just want to finish all the achievements and forget this game until the lag is fixed. Feb 06 is the last info I know about SauropodStudio trying to try to solve the issue. Apart from the lag - the game is... just one of the most absorbing games I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,227860,10038956,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Yanni Depper,"What a rocky road this has been - After years in development limbo, moderator banhammer scandals, ""re-factoring"" periods of development with limited communication and a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of feedback from the community, Castle Story is now finally in it's so called ""full release version"".The game presents itself as a light-hearted castle defence sim, and offers one of the most frustrating gameplay experiences I've ever had the misfortune of coming across in this particular genre. The UI is clunk and overly complicated, with many functions being accessed through a poorly designed radial wheel, which is as easy to navigate as the M25 circular on a Friday evening.Despite numerous overalls and fixes, the pathfinding still appears to be one of the biggest issues with the game, with Bricktons standing around like abandonded husbands outside the changing rooms of a clothes store. After being assinged a task, your Briktons will sometimes hopelessly circle around each other, like pensioners in a mosh pit, forcing you to cancel the task that was assigned (after navigating the god-awful radial wheel in order to do so), before recreating it and hoping to whichever deity that you follow that they'll actually follow through this time.The community has also come out with some fantastic builds since the game was launched, but don't kid yourself into thinking that you'll be pulling off the same levels of architectural wonder; building is still a very frustrating task, which requires you to build structures to access upper-level structures and so on. While the idea sounds nice and somewhat immersive in principle, it is executed awfully in this game, and coupled with the already borked path-finding system, leaves you with a sour taste in your mouth, and can put you off the game altogether.Simply put, the developers have farted out 1.0 in order to say that it was finished, and I wouldn't be shocked if continued support for the game died before the start of 2018. I hated the way their moderation team talked to the community, and their apparent disregard for the voices that were offering help have completely being ignored.This game could have been fun a few years ago, but it's nothing short of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥now."
,Recommended,227860,35264063,Posted: 28 September,all,Freakopath,"This game is pricey. But this game is endless of fun. This is like a game where you sit up all night thinking ""I'm gonna go to bed after this wave"". And that thought keeps going on and on. There is a lot to fix in this game. There is a lot of flaws. This game is really pretty and beautiful, the cheddar boys is so cute. The music is the best and most soothing soundtrack ever. It makes me relaxed and calm while I play the game."
,Recommended,227860,35326299,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,"This game is incredibly relaxing to play, I really enjoy it!"
76561198062394266,Recommended,227860,35236767,Posted: 26 September,all,Bornstellar_Eternal,For $25 you get more enjoyment out of this than the AAA titles of late.
,Recommended,227860,12459087,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,CPLWeeks,"Original Review: Little to no progress in over a year now, I'm calling this dead.Update: After a staggeringly long time, by some miracle a finished product made its way to the end of the assembly line (#Igotpuns). Castle Story is an enjoyable mash-up between free-form building and a voxel-based world. Gather resources, craft, build a castle, strike out and locate your enemies and throw them off the island!"
76561197986628686,Not Recommended,227860,11078231,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,tower74,"This is one of the first, if not the first, early access game I bought on Steam. I watched the video and read, at the time all positive (a year ago) and bought the game. This was the first and last time I only read the positive reviews. Now I read the negative reviews as well. I noticed that you will tend to see more honest opinions and not some one sided favor for a friend. Honestly I know I will never get my money back for this turd but maybe someone else will see the more indepth reviews and not support dev's who are only out for a buck. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,227860,10843718,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rocket Pig,Do not waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't care if it's early access. It's not even a ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Not Recommended,227860,10847817,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ruudmans,Not my cup of thea.
,Not Recommended,227860,10845167,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zagz,--- I'll post a new review after spending a few hours with the new build.
,Not Recommended,227860,10851590,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spurdo,"Don't buy this vaporware. The game hasn't been seriously updated for a long time - its still the glitchy, broken, bare-bones mess it was when it was first released here, and the deluge of ""refactoring"" and ""bug fix"" patches the devs have spewed out since then has done very little to change that. The trailer and screenshots are misrepresentations of the actual game.It has been nothing but smoke and mirrors, empty promises of new content just around the corner, only for more patches consisting of obscure bug fixes and background code changes. Anyone who still defends these developers under the pretense of ""early access"" is in serious denial of the fact that for all of the money they've made off of this ""game"", their progress has been embarrassingly shallow."
76561198062404986,Not Recommended,227860,11854122,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,teke99,"Game with potential indeed, but the dead community, lagg spikes, bugs ( and i mean awfull ones ) make it unplayable. And definantly not for 20 € !! I can get food with that! FEWD"
,Not Recommended,227860,10888930,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Abzolute ""Big Boss"" Xero","Sorry, but this game is nowhere near being worth the price it is selling for in it's current state.  Early Access is no excuse.  The interface is horrible, the AI for the bricktrons is atrocious.  I tried survival mode and found the hardest part was not actually defending against the waves of baddies, but keeping my Bricktrons on track building my defenses.  The worst part was they would just straight up stop and do nothing, when this happens you have to try and figure out what part of your structure they don't like and fix it.  Maybe you have a brick too high in one place, maybe the ground is uneven in another, good luck figuring it out, because there's no in game way to notify you when there's a construction problem.Bottom line is, this game has a lot of potential, and it could possibly be really good, but right it's just garbage for the current $20 (non sale) pricetag."
,Not Recommended,227860,12578020,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bsquared,"This game's trailer is amazing, however the game does not play that well. The toons do not listen to commands and its hard to even make the warriors. Building is a pain and not clear at all. This game has a lot of potential and it makes me very upset because it is the game I have always dreamed of. An RTS style sandbox and I could play for hours, if that were possible. To add insult to injury the devs aren't doing much at all for us."
76561198011819443,Not Recommended,227860,11349212,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Eustace the Monk,"12/10/14 UPDATE: There's a new patch! Nope, nothing in the way of actual content...they've rewritten three major aspects of the game (graphics, AI and new voxel engine). REALLY?! After over two years of development, they're still rewriting the basics. If this doesn't say ""STAY AWAY"" to you, then nothing will.ORIGINAL REVIEW: This might be an awesome building/fight game in about eighteen years or so. I love building games, and as a result I get easily bamboozled by the promise of games like Castle Story -- take charge over a group of vaguely humanoid bipedal lumps named 'bricktons' and have them build castles and buildings and such, make weapons for them so that they can defend themselves against all manner of goblinry. There's gonna be mayhem and fighting and explosions with arrows and stuff flying everywhere. With catapults and everything.Unfortunately, as it stands right now, it's little more than a tech demo -- the UI is flaky, making it difficult to mine and build anything. The Bricktons tend to stand around more often than actually do work due to incomplete AI. Despite excellent graphics and animation, the game itself has a unique lack of polish to it -- it's tough to even know what to do in a logistics sense, and the UI makes doing it a struggle even when you've figured it out.What's worse is that Castle Story has been in development for an amazing length of time for it to be in such a state (just over two years at this point, and their kickstarter has been funded to the tune of $702k when they asked for just under $30k). As best as I can figure out, the development team had to rewrite vast sections of their game for some reason or another at some point last year (rumor has it to accommodate a Linux version, which is preposterous if it's true).However, their development blog of late has been more concerned about their going to PAX East and moving to a new office than trivialities such as the state of their game (and reading between the lines, it would seem as though their time at PAX didn't go so well...which is hardly a surprise given the state of the game currently).All-in-all, avoid Castle Story for now. Hopefully it's coming out in the next two years or so and I can change my recommendation. I play a LOT of early access games, and this one is frankly the second worst when it comes to time in development."
,Not Recommended,227860,12579851,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,r1ot,Amazing idea and great concept. They ♥♥♥♥ed it up. Bought this game 6 months ago still nothing improvied.
,Recommended,227860,33980069,Posted: 2 August,all,Allot,Got the game way back and to be honest I didn't like the game then. Then more recently I decided to give it another try and got caught up in the game and its quite fun now.  I am generally not a player that likes towerdefence games but this makes towerdefence with your own builds quite fun as you try to figure out how to make a structurally sound wall to keep evil away.A nice mix of towerdefence and building.
,Recommended,227860,33873240,Posted: 28 July,all,Baby[WoF]Let,Great game
76561198055738189,Not Recommended,227860,12342262,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Pavel Tsvetkov,"У игры хороший потенциал. И даже в текущем состоянии в нее можно было бы играть, если бы авторы не выпилили процедурный генератор карт. Играть на одних и тех же островах быстро надоедает.А разработчики вместо выпуска патчей выпускают подкасты."
76561198267746250,Recommended,227860,34111875,Posted: 8 August,all,Macdaddylonglegs,Review update dev replied to neg review clarifying a control which would be ctr click to delet or destroy which is fantasticPros;-Cute graphics-Good concept-Recent updates and game developmentCons;-Sometimes buggy with certain buttons not functioning properly.
,Not Recommended,227860,24733271,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ryuu,WTF seriously. I started in a map and died in 1 minute. No exageration. Spawned ontop of 20 bad guys and they mauled us. Every new map does this. Doesn't matter which one. Serious bug or just plain brutality. Wish I never bought this game.
76561198041796005,Recommended,227860,32339751,Posted: 11 June,all,[RNA] Nymann 1st/ Leader,"I think it is the time to write a review, like all the other people who have been writing a review i think they are just mad cause they never survived more than 10 rounds.Listen up!I got this game 2 years ago, like alot of players say, it has enormous potential, and you know what?It is back on track!With the release of 0.9 Update we are starting to see serious comeback and the AI system we have been hoping for, therefor now you can start relying on your style and other things to make it a crazy game.The last 4 years you would have to be controlling your stupid bricktrons but now they have changed it, they have a little bit of brain now.So for all new players who wants to buy this game, before 0.9 Meeh.Now? Go and grab it, lots of hours and ton of fun gameplay."
,Recommended,227860,32300306,Posted: 9 June,all,TaxiPone,"This game started as more of a concept, but the last few upadates made the game really interesting. Definitellly worth trying!"
,Recommended,227860,28694763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,canadian8650,"Great game! Still needs some improvement, as there are the occasional bugs here and there, but the creators are doing a good job of patching these. A few things that would make Castle Story better would be online play, (with strangers, not just friends) some more 'bricktrons' as there are only 3 kinds, and some more game modes! The only thing I dislike about this game is the multiplayer, however I love the awesome maps, great visuals (sunsets and the crystals look amazing at night), and the gameplay is very nice! I recommend buying this game, as the creators are working hard too keep this game updated and playable!"
76561198035915202,Not Recommended,227860,28716522,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blackjack010,"After years of development, most of the updates are still only bugfixes, and content is lacking, to say it politely. As long as there is no finished version I would refrain from buying it, dear customer."
76561197969041490,Not Recommended,227860,28656313,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheWatcher Donuts,Even on a I7 - 12GB of DDR3 ram and a 1080 FTW Graphics card the came lagged so bad it was chugging at 1fps. Nothing I did could make the frame rate better after 5hrs of game play.Could not even complete one level.Would not recommend until devs are able to fix the frame rate
76561198134402356,Recommended,227860,24182551,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CookieFan,AWSOME!!!!
76561198165963872,Recommended,227860,24316666,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Connor (ck12),200/200 best game of all time i would recommend to all a few bugs yes but definatly AWESOME!!!!!!1111and the People who work on it are very nice people Even Shatojon He is so far the nicest person i have met in my 12 years alive :)Although latly they have done quite a few updates and bugfixes they are still very nice devs and they do try to stay active with the community unlike other game devs (Planetary Annhilation and TITANS) but they are awesome devs and both game devs are good Castle Story Devs Are better out of the 2  cus they are more active in the Community
,Not Recommended,227860,12660968,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ritsuka,"The new Spacebase DF-9 (e.g. We will take your money, blow it on frivolous spending, give you a few patches once every couple of months, then toss out the ""finished product"", claiming lack of funding).If the one minor patch every few months deal changes, I will update my review to reflect how promising and fun this game could be, but at the current rate, this is set to be another incompetent company trying for early access."
,Not Recommended,227860,12758224,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,stargazer_dragon,"I never expected the game to get finished right away, I expected lots of bugs being early ac cess and all. However several other early access games that came out about the same time are now full games, while this one is basicaly the same place it was when I purchased it. Honestly though I love the concept and it had such great potential I feal a bit ripped off as a result of the extreame lack of progress."
76561198003374636,Recommended,227860,24163084,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gossef,Had been looking for a game that would allow me to build Castles and defend them against waves of enemies (Stronghold style). Found this little gem a while back and played it for a while when it was still in the earlier stages. Recently tried to pick it up and unfortunately ran into some audio issues. Must say that the Support has been amazing! Turns out some redists hadn't been installed properly. Sound working again making me a very happy Customer :-). Props for fast and helpful responses!
,Not Recommended,227860,32225952,Posted: 6 June,all,LoD,"It's been around 4 years since I've bought this game.Meanwhile the devs added some new stuff. They even managed to get the world editor running (after 2 years).Yet I could not enjoy one of the endless times I tried to start a new map.Why? Because it lags out after some time or the workers won't find any path.Every few months I decide to give the game another shot. After a few minutes I get frustrated and ragequit.4 years.... And you guys still didn't fix the lag or the annoying gameplay issues, but you added tons of new blocks... Thanks!DO NOT BUY THIS EARLY ACCESS CRAP! (Will update in a few months.... If it is playable then...)"
,Recommended,227860,22301509,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TonyDipa,"It used to be a game of bugs, but now it seems to improve. I really recommend this game"
,Recommended,227860,24138661,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Blade,Amazing game thats been working hard lately to make more content. No longer in dev hell.
76561198086177398,Recommended,227860,24248038,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jasper,this is a great game and i recommend that you play it but there still has to be a lot of work done in this game
76561198122597461,Recommended,227860,24254424,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr.Cat,Please add me to play the game with meh! non of my friends hav this game :(
,Recommended,227860,34990771,Posted: 16 September,all,Cherepashechka,"The game is enjoyable, but the price is overestimated. Its worth like 1-2$.CS itself is still quite buggy, though the developers have done great job fixing most of the problems.I'm gonna make it a positive review, since it's fun to play this, but that does not mean, that the current price does not bother me."
76561198004024979,Not Recommended,227860,12811842,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CommanderSpleen | Gamdom.com,"This game is full of bugs, Problems, and♥♥♥♥♥♥ DONT BUY IT. They have abandoned it! I stopped playing a while back becuase the lack of bug fixes. I just wish I could get my money back!"
76561198019169239,Not Recommended,227860,12801260,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,walkabout2001,MAYBE. enjoyed building the castle..then the little ♥♥♥♥♥ knock it down...♥♥♥♥♥♥holes.  after a number of fun hours..now what. was fun for days....but then finished.
,Not Recommended,227860,29729960,Posted: 5 February,all,koefoed,What's the point of buying a game if contros is so bad that you can not even enjoy anything in the game
,Not Recommended,227860,10931888,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FacePalm.exe,"Rather cute game, which I wasted a few hours on.Now as a disclamer, I do realise that this is an early access game, but as it stands, it is barely playable. At this point the core game should be up and working, with a few minor bugs here and there. (i.e. No major game breaking bugs.)Firstly, I was constantly fighting with the pathfinding/AI of the bricktons (Workers).Half the time they would either get clogged, run on the spot, refuse to be assigned to an objective, become unselectable, sometimes wait 5-10+ secconds to figure out a simple path from A to B, take the longest and most inefficient route and in general; they do not do what I want when I want it. Almost NEVER.You have the choice between two combat units: Archer (Ranged) and Soldier (Melee)The Soldier being useless, as 99% of the time will run past the enemy he's chasing.So you have to basically rely on archers. Except they're prone to shooting each other in the back, and trying to shoot through your resource stashes, destroying them with a single arrow.There are also catapaults, Which i couldn't figure out how to work (Couldn't seem to assign any tasks to them or drop stuff on them)The level design looks cool, but functionally is an absolute pain to deal with.I lost countless resources (Trees and stone) into the abyss thanks to them (especially the trees) being next to the edge and 95% of the time, the physics would tip towards the edge instead of inwards. (And you have no control over how they fall.)There is also no variety in the enemy's you face. Only the one zerg rush type.The save system is also buggy, I saved my first game (After about 1-2 hours of play) and then immedietly reloaded it. (There was a builder looping a falling sound, who was stuck in a mine.) It wouldn't load, so I lost that save.If the other reviews are anything to go by (And the release date of Sept 2013) It doesn't seem like any of these problems will be fixed anytime soon. There have been patches recently, but there are still an absolutly massive number of issues.This is interesting concept, one that I liked the look of, but has been very poorly executed. A majority of it seems to be implemented with Unity's stock-standard features, And it suffers for it.I wouldn't buy it again.TL;DR: Cute but terribly broken game with the outlook of few to no useful updates in the future. Go elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,227860,10916546,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,wack all u :D,I will not be playing this game ever until it reaches full version. I played for less than 30 min on survival and one of my workers  got stuck in the mine when I hit recall workers to get my workers to safety. So there goes 1 guy but I can power through its just 1 bug right? Then my archer immediately after manages to shoot HIMSELF and kill himself. I didn't even wait to see what happened next because I had just lost two of my bricktons or whatever they are called. I understand it is early access but they hardley ever bring out patches. And when they do it is something small like 1 bug was fixed. I understand it is hard to make a game but within 30 min I encountered two bugs that ruined the entire experience for me. Lets hope they fix these bugs. It is fun for about 15 minutes at a time for me and not in survival. It has to be in sandbox because I just love building so I get to fufill that childhood dream but only for a bit before something happens and I quit the game again. Don't buy this game unless you can deal with bugs that may or may not ruin the map you are playing on. Great concept. When it works I love it. But it needs more time.
76561198077843183,Not Recommended,227860,12574097,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jeffwaterlogixllc,wave after wave of bugs ♥♥♥♥ing painful
76561198181111597,Recommended,227860,32487347,Posted: 16 June,all,Prison Gator,I will admit that there was a time that it looked like the devs may have dissapeared off the face of the planet andI will also admit that back awhile ago I had all but forgoten that this game even exestedBUTthe developers are having a better time with communication and with what may be weekly streams (don't quote me on that) whitch I have watched two of and as of late I've seen a few major changes.When it comes to bugs they seem to have somewhat of a strange setup witch reqires you to go to their forms to report bugs to them. I don't know how it works seeing as the only bug I've had experience with is high velocity trees. witch I honestly hope they miss seeing as it was awesomeCastle Story has an great idea behind it and I hope it goes well.
76561198162339519,Recommended,227860,32971552,Posted: 28 June,all,tylerrock1995,I really enjoy this game :)
76561198128472519,Recommended,227860,33548246,Posted: 14 July,all,FerretBandit,"If i wrote this review a year ago, it would have been negative.Now, however, the developers have finally picked up the pace and began working on it again. It's getting much better and there is now functional multiplayer!There is only one problem I have with this game: the controls are very hard to use.I would like to be able to rotate my screen by holding + dragging right click instead of Q, E, and Shift. (Like Stonehearth.)7/10"
,Recommended,227860,32610739,Posted: 20 June,all,ProfessorShyguy,"I'm excited about the 0.9 update, but boy buddy does this game need an effing tutorial.  Took me 3 minutes of searching to figure out how to set a harvest and 5 more figuring out how to cancel it."
76561198063923775,Recommended,227860,33620285,Posted: 17 July,all,Ashuren,"Ive had this game for quite a while, and cant put any time in it, because I cant figure out how to play. They are definatly improving it over time, but just waiting on a tuturial..."
,Not Recommended,227860,10181574,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[1st L KGL] Admaa =3SFG=,"At first I hated the fact I didn't sign up to the kickstarter, so when it appeared on steam it made me happy to play the game. I thought that the devs would update the game and actually care for the consumers but every time I load the game I'm dissapointed with a lack of updates and features. What a waste of money I spent on this game. I'd reconmend coming back in a years time to look at this game, it might be bug free with ok AI.Been waiting a long time for this to be completed, feel cheated and dissapointed.I won't back any more early access games, too many times have I put faith in a developer only to be dissapointed.Good concept, though. Shame about everything else."
76561198046924926,Not Recommended,227860,9945267,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,FlyinSquirrel,"I thought this game was going to be great. It looked like Pikmin meets minecraft, and who could ask for more right? From the looks of it, this game should be awesome, however it simply doesn't work. glitches, pracitcally no direction on how to play, and unresponsive AI leads me to downvote this game. I do however feel that there is great potential in this game, just not as is."
,Not Recommended,227860,11412715,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tish,cool concept but the game itself jsut doesn't work. very little content- the videos and screenshot are just for show. maybe when this reaches beta in 2020 it will be good.
,Not Recommended,227860,9909900,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,KILLORBEKILLED5,"I wouldn't suggest getting it until the developers put out some solid evidence on how far they intend to go with the game and how long it will take.  So far, I cannot find a release date for the full version, and I think the game has been in development since what, 2011 or 2012?  Really?  A game this basic should have been done a while ago...  Unless there is only 1 person working on the game.  So right now, it seems like a scam.  Game is pretty glitchy, and does not have a lot of good elements yet.  Wait on it!  Don't get it now"
,Not Recommended,227860,9961963,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,"The idea seems nice and the video looks good. However progress and development on this game is really slow. They say they are ""refactoring"" the intire gamecode so the can implement things better in the future. There are some really annoying AI bugs that will frustrate just your basic gameplay.If you still think it's worth your money...than go ahead and buy the game.My advise is to wait and check back 1 year or so (yes it's that slow) and see if it became the pearl as everyone thinks..."
76561198035984983,Not Recommended,227860,9783265,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BIGben2639,"no development of any sort in months. devs dont listen, only defend their lack of work ethic with nonesense they think no one will see through. the mods block anyone who they feel is overly critical, not just rude. terrible company with terrible ethics."
,Recommended,227860,29789828,Posted: 8 February,all,Jimsvolle,"Pros:1. It's a fun game for the first little while.2. I really like the look and feel of the game.3. Local LAN Coop.4. Steam Workshop.Cons:1. There isn't much content right now.2. The game lags to the point of unplayability after an hour.3. My play style would be a slow build up of resources, build an amazing Castle and wait until I have superior numbers before attacking. So I play on easy... (Which is fun for me) - However, I cannot seem to get that play-style working. After an hour, my Castle isn't anywhere nearly finished, I have 3 swordmen and 5 archers which all die really quickly and my base is slowly destroyed by hundreds of tiny corruptrons whilst the game lags to the point of being unable to defend myself.Summary:I look forward to playing in the future. This game is not worth £15 currently. (I hope my funds go to making this game better) - If you're considering a purchase, I would say yes - because if you don't, the Developers might stop working on it and I will have wasted my £15... :D"
76561198008055700,Not Recommended,227860,8023854,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,GaiusRahl,"slow patch updates, not worth playing until the whole system upgrade is fully complete."
76561198044133670,Not Recommended,227860,8491624,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Da Beute,Good game really good game but it has no tutorial and i dont know how to gather crystals to get more soldiers and i just endup dieing to the monsters...
76561198071240901,Not Recommended,227860,8794323,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,blazz_inferno,"even tho i love playing this game, i have to give it a thumbs down. and for a few reasons.1. i paid 20$ for this game and expected alot more maps...... i mean 1 map...... gets boring fast.2. i have a good gaming pc and for some reason the more guys i have and more tasks i have the slower the game gets. to get anything down i cant have more than 6 guys doing two different tasks. more than that it slows down dramatically and starts to lag. and thats with the lowest quality settings.3. i like the music but it lasts 60 seconds and takes 5 minutes to start over again.... needs fixing.i dont sugest buying this for a few months. that way it will give them more reasons to fix and or update stuff."
76561198060266541,Not Recommended,227860,11591285,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Tobias Funke,screw this game and its developer.
,Not Recommended,227860,14540480,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,WasteLandWonder-LANFest,"Another Game where the lazy devs ask for the money upfront then loose steam half way through. No Joke... remember spacebase ??? the rate at which these""Devs"" release ""content"" for their ""game"" is a joke and no self respecting busness would fallow such a half♥♥♥♥♥business model.Sadly the game was fun for a while..truely was but now...I just hate the concept of ""Greenlight"""
76561198047968540,Recommended,227860,32259278,Posted: 7 June,all,Siegmeyer of Catarina ☭,"Castle story has a lot of potential but some more rpg elements for the brixtons would make it a game i would play for alot longer than i did. some tech trees for the characters and some new upgrades and defeneces would also make me more invested, but playing the core game on its own is fun but empty.bring back ladders, more enemy variants i will even model them for you.the game still feels really early in developmentbut i have still played it for a fair amount of time.i was playing a main campaign and all of a sudden it had ended while i was building an awesome castle i realised i had way more than enough dudes to just win the game,  and beacuse the brixtons didnt have techs and upgrades and beacuse there werent many incentives (new defensive machines and buildings)  or at least quests to keep the player coming back i lost intrest.right now i rate 4/10but it could be 10/10 with a little more love, still worth a play."
76561198059669010,Recommended,227860,32303561,Posted: 9 June,all,FlawedParticle,Update 0.9 makes this game much more promising
,Recommended,227860,28782908,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CalmThuhWolf,"I am one of the purchasers of this game back when they first released back in 2013.  I think I even bought it less than a month of their release date.  I must say they have come a long way...  Granted they are still Early Access, I do hope they are able to achieve a v1.0 and it looks like they're getting close!I will make note that I did not play this game for a good year or two, waiting for better updates and finally checking back, I am glad I did.  I will be returning to playing this game for countless hours to come!I understand many reviewers may not be happy with this game then, and even now.  But they DO forwarn you that it is still in Early Access.  For some of us, we may even be playing at an Alpha level and still enjoyed ourselves.  I was willing to make the purchase for an early access game like this one because I saw potential, and I still do.Ultimately, I would recommend this game in two ways: One, for those who are willing to endure some bugs and be a part of the development to create something great! Two, to wait for Sauropod Studios to break out of Early Access when they have everything smooth and crisp for all gamers.  For you builders, designers, and thinkers out there.  this game can definitely be for you.Keep chipping away Sauropod Studios!"
76561198143877248,Recommended,227860,24148040,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Avengerous Da Boss,AMAZING love this game
,Recommended,227860,24287468,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tux,"Good game,the devs are doing a great job! the game is not for everyone...but it is for me and if you think you want it...you want it!"
,Recommended,227860,28522433,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,goreckm,"This game is fun and cute when you want to scratch that building something itch. I backed this game on kickstarter, and while progress has been slow, I do think the core gameplay works well enough for what it is."
76561198031023453,Recommended,227860,24184753,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheBeardyMan,"Don't believe the negative reviews claiming that this is abandoned! It's a promising early access game, and a very original addition to the voxel building sandbox genre.How could fans of the genre possibly not like it? It's got cute yellow jelly babies showing off their elite mining, building, and lumberjack skillz in it!The only thing that put me (and others no doubt) off from buying this for a long time is that information on the system requirements for running the game is very hard to come by."
,Not Recommended,227860,12302914,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Vasilliy,"Seems like a good game with a  good concept, however the game hasn't been updated for a very, very  long time. The current gameplay is okay but repetitive and can get boring easily. Best to not buy the game yet, but just wait until full release. That is, if we get a full release."
76561198010821278,Not Recommended,227860,9673950,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Scarking,"Edited as of 30/09/2014Castle story is a funny little building game about bricktons. You control them, commanding them to cut trees or dig stone and gems. With gems you can make torches and create more bricktons. In creative mode you can create buildings to your hearts desire, in survival mode you have to make a castle to defend against the evil corruptrons.Pros:- Nice graphics and artstyle- Make your own buildingsCons:- Hard (or challenging) controls to control your bricktons- Buggy- Little content. After your 2nd castle you will have seen it for now.- Develepors have not updated in approx. half a year, and the updates that have happened were bugfixes or similar background updates.Conclusion:Castle story can provide some fun, but in the end of the day it's a game with hardly any content. It's also not recommended to support developers that hardly seem to do anything."
76561198044210148,Not Recommended,227860,8801503,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dr. DickNose,"This is a great idea, and a great game. the only problem is the bricktons, which is the whole point of the game. The bricktons are useless they dont do anything unless you tell them, and half the time when you tell them to do something they dont do it. Also they need to include an active tutorial. Spent way to much time trying to figure out the controls."
76561198065086782,Not Recommended,227860,8835214,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Keplar,"Quite frankley im disapointed, what looks like an awesome indi game with tons of potential turnned into another broken game with lazy devs who's only excuse for not adding any features for an entire year is ""cleaning up the code"". The current asking price is rediculous, i can get a $5 indi game the runs better than this miserable waste of time. In the long run I was really hoping for this game to be good, i clearly expected to much from sauropod."
,Not Recommended,227860,10844703,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"Mr Mister ""Mister"" M. Mister",Screw this game and its thiefing developers. This is Towns all over again.
,Not Recommended,227860,13062664,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Insan3,Almost no updates and i still can't play the game because they have not optimized it at all.Do.Not.Buy.
76561198024323153,Not Recommended,227860,34361198,Posted: 19 August,all,JohnRoads,"I want to start by saying that I do like this game, and I can easily loose multiple hour in it. However, after a few hours of gameplay, the game starts lagging bad. If I was running it on a toaster or if I was the only one, I would understand. But when I look over the reviews and the forums, there have been reports of lag dating all the way back to 2013.I wish I could recommend this game, but I can't. If they fix the lag I will change my recommendation, but I doubt it will happen, after 4 years in early acess with the same problem."
76561198063479297,Not Recommended,227860,32398134,Posted: 13 June,all,douglas.gary,"Ok i will explian this game as best i can.This game is a 3D building game where you start with only 3 or 4 guys and try to build a huge building or whatever. although this consept is very interesting and would seem fun to play, this game does not diliver to expectations.let me give you the rundown, back in 2010 this game started a kickstarter asking for a small $80,000. but insted got 27,060 people to pleadge in total $702,516 about $622,516 more than they where asking for. so with all this info you would expect the game to finish devepment fast and have a good game on hand right.if you are reading this scoll under the video for a sec and read the big text underneath the video. yep ""EARLY ACCESS GAME."" now this kickstarted started in 2010 and it is still not fully relesed. wow.now back in 2013 i got this game it was fun. but then there was some problums. at the begining the AI worked just fine but as i progressed they started to not follow orders. they woud just sit there with nothing to do. so nobody did anything and i got so inraged that i did not play for a year. yep money gone down the drain.2014-played again. it had been drasticly updated seince then and i thought that would meen less AI rebellness (if that is a word) but nope a few minutes later they just sat there again. i quit the game opend it up and then tryed again. suddenly all the guys that would just sit there started moving again.Turnes out this is caused by falty programing. a ""glitch"" (as the makers say) that makes the AI of certain (your) entites leek into the hard drive or some where on the computer that the infomation should not be in. but thats not the worst of it. play even more with out quiting and the ENTIRE GAME WILL LEAK INTO THE HARD DRIVE forceing you to close the game (force quit if its REALLY bad) and open it again. many people lost their save data including me.2015-played again. still not working, but still got constaint ""updates"" witch ""fixed"" the ""glitches"" in the game. (guess what, the updates did jack diddly squat.) also at this time i think they added multiplayer. but the multiplayer did not work corectly untill late 2016. again bad programing and lazy progamers.2016-finaly had an update witch did something. what was that something? it made the game not leak into the hard drive....you ready for this...the GAME did not leak. but the AI still did. wow. what a peice of garbage.2017-still in early access. still getting updates like 9.0.....yea they are just updating it so people see the big *updated* thing and think that they would get at good and fun experince. im here to tell you no.dont buy into these money gobblers. dont buy this game. dont. please. it is not good at all. at this rate it will never be out of early access. and they will never fix the AI problum. spend your money on a good game like shell shock live, left for dead, portal, heck spend it on FNAF or undertale. i dont care just dont give these people any more money. we all know they have more than enough.here ill leave you some WOUNDERFULL kickstarter prizes that people will NEVER GET. (im starting to feal bad for these people that pledged money for this)""Get the BETA at a pre-release price and get your name in the final game. The BETA WILL BECOME THE FINAL GAME, we are going to update that version to you for free, forever until the final release."" - had 11,362 people pay $15 to get the game and...nothing. this is just the first reward. it gets much worse. (yea they basicly...bought the game. that was it.""Get the original PROTOTYPE soon after the Kickstarter is over! You also get the BETA at a pre-release price with free updates for life and get your name in the final game."" - not much more here exept that this was $25 and 11,763 people payed for this.""Get a Castle Story POSTER of your choice as well as the PROTOTYPE, the BETA and your name in the game."" - this is another this with this they have TONS of posters and T-shirts and plushes but the game is GARBAGE. this was the $50-55 reward and in total more than 1,000 people got this.the rest is bacily the same. if you want to see more of the rewards go on kickstarter im not copying and pasteing the same thing 10 times.now that you know tell everyone not to buy it please. PLEASE. dont be as foolish as i was.UPDATE: 3 mounths later and it FINALY came out of early accsess. but all my points are still here tho. and i fell like it could of been made much MUCH quicker i mean 2015 at the latest. but for some reson with all the money they had they made a very buggy, slowly develeped, disipointing game. so much for my 2012 years."
76561198050993000,Not Recommended,227860,28492429,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gamers Mind,3 years later still early access... kinda disapointing tbh
76561198045139948,Not Recommended,227860,13062247,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TheNickmaster21,Nope. Don't buy this game. The game is probably never going to be impoved upon again. The game in it's current state has sloppy controls and isn't very much fun. I love games like this one and thought it'd be awesome. I was wrong.
,Not Recommended,227860,9867532,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,THE DON,Bought this...yup that was a bad idea
,Not Recommended,227860,13150220,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Voxtric,"This game has literally not had any kind of addition to it in several months now, The core gameplay is basically non-existent, and what is there could often be considered broken. Most of the few who did play it have long since abandoned the forums, and now the game is just wasting away."
,Not Recommended,227860,8725571,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,T H I C C  Daddy Salvia,This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥in it's current state. I would definitely recommend spending your 20 dollars on something more worthy of your time.
,Not Recommended,227860,7969330,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Snakatorium,"This game is absolutely rubbish. They say that this is actually a working game, however, it couldn't be further from it. 12 Minutes was all I needed to see that these ""minions"" have had no thought put into how they move and what they do. They become confused, the processes to make them do simple tasks are too clunky and complicated. They are too hard to operate with. I bought this game thinking I could use it for its primary purpose; to be played with.  However, it is a waste of money. Simply looking around the map area is a laborious task in itself. There is nothing about this game that is simply easy to do or fun. There are so many bugs and things to fix I couldn't keep playing it. There are no tutorials or anything to tell me how and what to do.EDIT: I recently downloaded the game again after quite a while of having it sit in my ""NOT WANTED"" category. It's still awful. Despite plenty of time and the graphics on ""fantastic"", there are several graphical glitches, such as a lot of pixelation, missing textures and see-through blocks. It's like watching Youtube in 144p but worse. The controls are still too complex and overly sensitive. There's no tutorial that I could find and if you click the wrong thing, there's no way to un-do it.For the love of all that is good and holy don't buy this game. If you haven't, bend down on one knee and thank Gaben by name. Just go buy Minecraft*.*BUT NOT STORYMODE!"
,Not Recommended,227860,13035553,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ash,The game has great intentions but there could be some new things and the build mechanics could be improved and the movement other than that its a pretty good game i wouldnt get it untill its fully realesed though.
76561198045338393,Recommended,227860,22982026,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,¥ Noldaz ¥,"I strongly recommend this game if you like building games.In this game you begin with a few workers and start extracting ressources to build the castle of your dream, or anything that you dream of, hire more workers or soldiers. You place the blueprints and they will build it. There is a variety of ressources, stones and wood blocks and structures such as columns, door, catapult, lights and more.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=662639776http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=639994359http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=435746516There is also a fighting part to the game, if you play invasion or conquest mode, you have to defend against hordes of evil creatures called corruptrons.I have this game since a 2 or 3 years and development of the game was continuous, features are added regularly, and the devs are close to the community, they listen and reply to feedbacks and suggestions.The is a multiplayer mode, which is basic at the moment but will get optimised soon according to dev team."
76561197995026911,Not Recommended,227860,23299691,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Spirytus,"Very neat concept but the game suffers from unplayable frame rate drops.On medium settings, game starts ok at ~ 30 fps, unfortunately it only gets worse as the game progresses. Searching threads for relief, I found dev posts all the way back to 2013 where they promised optimization, well, 3 years later, this thing chugs on my rig like I'm trying to play latest gen FPS with graphics set to ultra.Also, what's the deal with this game controller GUI? Can I have a simple ""build"" menu with all the items displayed in one overlay?The bad:* For a simple voxel game, graphical performance is horrible.* GUI - Keyboard / mouse unfriendly.* AI - Doesn't handle pathing issues / conflicts very well.The good:* If you can overlook the 3 above, the game can be pretty fun."
76561198074124785,Not Recommended,227860,18907183,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Hanz Guvenschmitz,They say they are almost finished with the game...I hope that comes with GBs of updates that we should of got. If they just add alittle bit and release it how it is..I don't see any reason to buy it at all.
76561198082774481,Recommended,227860,21562358,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Anipix,Not a bad game even though its mostly negative and its been our for ages the devs are still updating the game even when it looks like noones playing it
76561198014248471,Not Recommended,227860,35011142,Posted: 16 September,all,readmweep,This game is impossible even on Easy mode. Their is too much to the game that needs guessing to figure out. The tutorial gets in your way. The layout is super confusing. The game is very unstable and definitely not worth $25 (it is world about .50 cents right now). I hate to sound like a complete complainer but my blood is boiling after just playing this game for an hour and I do not upset easily. This game has removed my hope in it until MANY UPDATES.
,Recommended,227860,24281698,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,The Butcher's Nail,"Very fun castle building game, that's doing a lot of things right these days.The development on the game seemed to have died for a couple of years, but recently it seems to be back on track. As of version 0.7, I can definitely recommend this game."
76561198007576041,Not Recommended,227860,8021192,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Crazy Cock,A very bad game that is really confusing. The multiplayer is brocken/ doesnt work and its deffinetly not worth $19.99.
,Recommended,227860,31914836,Posted: 23 May,all,DemonsWrath,"Great game, I've had this game for several years at this point.And whilst I agree with some other reviews - the development time has been pretty slow.I implore you to give this game a chance, because it's pretty great in all honesty.From what I've seen there's very few bugs (Only encountered 2, one of which appears to have been fixed.And the other my Bricktron suddenly teleported into the ground randomly).The only real problem the game suffers from is frame rate which declines after playing for a while.Still... great game! Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,227860,17497876,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Aaron_Merric,"Castle Story showed lots of promise in the beginning.  Now however the updates have slowed to a crawl and have no meaningful improvements.  Maybe when the money runs out from the initial excitement this game spawned the development team will rally, or die as it should."
76561198157486956,Not Recommended,227860,17937508,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,gamehound,the npcs freeze
,Recommended,227860,23099715,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Olofmeister,Pros:You can do awesome buildingsYou can build an armyBricktrons are cuteDevelopers are really putting effort into the gameThe music is very goodCons:Little BugsCrashes sometimes when exiting the gameTips:Save the game each ten minutesFor the developers:I would like a mode where you build a castle in some time then a wave of corruptrons attack the castle and you must defend the crystalSorry for my english i am brazilian
76561198073111332,Recommended,227860,23299202,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mr.Duck,"The ability to let the player be creative in the making of forts and castles is a very important feature in a game like this... and it is done well here.I bought Castle Story a while ago (before many of the current feature were implimented) and had fun creating catles and defending them. A couple months ago I rediscovered Castle Story and had a blast with the new features like Conquest Mode.While playing the game I didn't really encounter any bugs or glitches with the game.Pros:-Allows Creativity-Interesting setting (on floating islands in a sort of isolated place)-Different features allow for more types of play style.-Challenging yet excitingCons (some might just be my computers fault):-while building castles I find it difficult to build or fix things on the inside of the structure-when I have been playing for a bit and the waves in Invasion Mode start to get more difficult I find that I need more        Bricktrons, but my gameplay gets a bit choppy when I get to around 7-8 Bricktrons. When I get to 10 or more Bricktrons my computer just can't handle it and will either crach or become very difficult to play.-when I put my archers up on the walls they will do fine unless I choose to fight with my swordsmen too. Then I have to micro-manage them to make sure they don't hit friendly troops.Overall: Castle Story is a good game and is worth the money. If I had to give it a rating it would be 8/10 (my rating will probably be higher when the game has been completed) still though if you have the creativity and a computer that can run the game well, then for you it could be way better than you might think.As a little note for the end of my review I would like to be the selfish player who puts out a few ideas that I have no right to demand for but would still like to see.    :)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1) It would interesting to see a way to play as the Corruptrons either in singleplayer or multiplayer.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2) A way to save creations would save a lot of time as well as giving the players a way to hurry past the parts of the game  he/she may find tedious.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------3) In Sandbox mode it is super fun to just go nuts and build a bunch of stuff but it would be interesting to see how such creations would fair in Invasion Mode, but it can be boring to have to rebuild them block by block (especially if they are large creations). So a way to put Corruptrons in Sandbox Mode would be fun and allow players to test their creations before starting an Invasion Mode playthrough.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------4) It would be fun to be able to rename the Bricktrons to names that are more personal or funny.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thats my thoughts on Castle Story. I look forward to seeing how the game developes.I hope this review has been helpful. Thank You for reading it.-Mr.DuckP.S.: I love the Castle Story website."
,Recommended,227860,34351833,Posted: 19 August,all,sh1tbird,"A great idea decently executed,"
,Not Recommended,227860,20853959,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mr. Tommy Gun,made my eyes bleed
76561198051970602,Recommended,227860,21612719,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,KingMe - LunaPetra,"I find it incredibly important for people looking at reviews to look only at reviews from February 19th and onward!!! The game has been fixed and pulled from the flaming wreckage it was before as the AI is much smarter, building is no longer tedious, and the combat is actually exciting! Now let us all hope to god that more updates like 0.6 keep coming!"
,Not Recommended,227860,11402983,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vedballe,Terrible Developers.Over the last year they have been working on trying to make a simple voxelbased game work properly.There has not been a single new content patch and the game is still not working correctly.This is a basebuilding game where you defend yourself from Evil Rock-People that want to ravage your base at night.You do this by building and as time goes on you have to build strategical walls and place archers and soldiers inside your base.There is a multiplayermode that barely works where you can wreck havoc and do as you please to your opponent but as of now there is no co-op feature and setting up a server is hard work for those who just want to jump in and play as there are no dedicated servers.As it sound it is a faily simple game yet quite hard in the later levels if you play in the survival mode. Though I woud still not recommend this title as it is not going anywhere. On it's own it is quite fun but it is a thing that you would only spend a few couple of hours into and then never touch it again until they add more content and depth to the game.I've only come back to play it because the first hours was a pain since nothing worked.Might be worth buying on a 75% sale.
76561198097145575,Recommended,227860,30585131,Posted: 17 March,all,BrankM8,"The idea of this game is great no question!I love the micro-management and building aspect, with a pinch of TD games. This just needs better multiplayer optimization because the game lags when only 3 players play (me and my friends). Please continue the updates, patches, and optimization, I see promise in this game!(EDIT)I am unsure as to if it is my friend or the game, but we are unable to even play. He crashes by loading into the game, or placing something, or even trying to download into the lobby. Developers please work on this!(NEWEST EDIT)MAKE SURE WHEN PLAYING WITH FRIENDS THAT BOTH OF YOU TURN OFF HAMACHI OR EVOLVE OR OHTER MP SUPPORTERS AS YOU WILL NOT BE IN SYNC WHEN TRYING TO PLAY TOGETHER)Keep up the work lads, just please make sure syncing is not an issue to have someone disconect due to the syncing issues!"
76561198002042475,Not Recommended,227860,24757937,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mint J.,"Could be fun but pace is really too slow, I got quickly bored waiting for the yellow guys to build blocks, especially when they got stuck as pathfinding seems to be quite an issue. The building list is quite limited as well for now. I have a decent computer but the game is really slow on ""big"" maps, probably (and hopefully) because it is still early access and there is no optimization yet. Not recommended as of now, may review my evaluation later when there will be more updates, as the game still holds a good potential."
76561198149830477,Not Recommended,227860,24696181,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dark Messenger,"i was interested in seeing where this game goes, and so far its went nowhere. this game has been in development for a long time and hardly anything new ever gets put into it. the AI is has the intelligence of a broken vibrator and the game is riddled with glitches. the latest one stops a level from even loading in the first place. this game is a lost cause. PLEASE dont waste your money. there are faaaar better games out there."
76561198040709212,Not Recommended,227860,34361433,Posted: 19 August,all,christinenice,"I've been watching the game in early access and I was very excited to see it released.  It is a very visually appealing game.But I cannot reccoment it.  I feel like I am fighting the controls and fighting my bricktrons to get them to do what I want them to do.  While in the quarry, they got stuck and I couldn't figure out how to get them unstuck.  Sometimes they refuse to do anything despite having open tasks.  Even selecting them and assigning them to the task does not work... they mill around the spot but don't do it.Even on easy, I find it too difficult to succeed in the invasion mode.  I got going pretty well in Conquest mode when they got stuck and/or quit working."
76561198131849038,Recommended,227860,27796529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tatertot59,Awsome AWSOME GAME its gonna eat your time up
,Recommended,227860,27589876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MaV,HAHA I KNEW THIS GAME WOULD GO FAR I KNEW ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,227860,7930035,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Jamibi,"Probably one of the most dissapointing games I've ever played.Honestly will have to wait another year or so to even bother trying to play again, just don't understand what you're even supposed to do. There's barely any buildings and the controls are garbage!!!!!!!!!!!!!Back to the drawing board boys."
,Not Recommended,227860,23556937,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bocoarmy,"not really a RTS, bad design, horrible ai, not a fun experience bought 2 copies one for me and a friend.. regret.. regret is all I can say. Wish there was more to it but sadly it's a let down for me.*POSITIVE NOTE*The developers seem to care a lot about their game and they also seem very kind with the community. Was taken back a little bit as they actually contacted me for this very review. I still stand by my negative review as the game is buggy as mentioned before and I would not recommend purchasing more than 1 copy of the game to try out. I will probably change my review after a few more iterations of the game is released but as is I can't stand behind a positive review and be truthful. I will get back to you guys with that list as I have to go through my notes about this game. Keep up the good work I can see great things coming from this company."
76561198072531347,Recommended,227860,22783220,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WrathDaKing ♕,The game is quite lovely tbh . I mean I like the idea of building your fortress while being raided by .. creatures but the game needs A LOT of new content and polishing.. After all it's just in early access .The price is a bit higher for a game in its current state but the ones who want to enjoy this cool idea will play it gladly .
76561198047592639,Recommended,227860,22832579,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,chrismeardon,"This game has had a rocky past. Sparce updates, little progress and bad communications between the company and customers. As Someone who has followed this game for a long time, I can say that i think it is finally worth buying. Sauropod have made a great effort to redeem themselves and get back in with the community. Updates are rolling in and bugs are dissapearing with features being added. There is distance to go before the game is ready but I have so much fun playing it. Invasion mode is addicting and I can spend days playing it. This game has a promising future"
76561198179310810,Recommended,227860,22827538,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DeathGun127,I absolutely love this game!I think the multiplayer system good be improved  but besides that i love the graphics i love EVERYTHING about this game! And the thing i love the most is how CUTE all the little builders are! i recommend this game to everyone with creative taste
,Not Recommended,227860,19449050,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,FrozenSkies,This game is boosie man
76561198002775284,Not Recommended,227860,19272913,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MCkiller_946515,Crap.
76561198008530747,Not Recommended,227860,7790361,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,AFSkeeter,Same as the other post... Can not play locks up every other movement! Its really sad I have been following this game for awhile and once it went on sale I couldnt help but try it out. I managed to make about 3 differnent 'Orders' then the game just didnt want to follow though. Really Really disappointed. At least with other Early Access Games I am able to play for more then 30 secs before a crash/freeze.
,Recommended,227860,21385516,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,"smurf, destroyer of smurfs",10/1o would work on develepment again
76561198036159970,Recommended,227860,21333804,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MaSi.MIST,"Its sad that poeple think this game is bad, becuase they suck at this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,23968369,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Vladimir,"I'm hereby refunding this game. its plain.. whats the word? abysmal. it boasts castle building but your braindead workers can't build anything but a 2 block high mini wall before they choke up. so you're thinking ""i'll just build one high walls up so they can climb!"" NOPE! throw out your human enginuity for this game. they're fine climbing up 1 high walls while carrying blocks only if they're placing another one high wall. but if they need to climb up AND place a block down next to them, thats just too complex a task for their little empty heads. whats even worse is that i tasked a worker to gathering lumber, and he somehow, twice in a row, got himself stuck in between tree trunks and logs that he couldn't get out of untill i assigned someone else to move things for him.the stupidity doesn't stop with workers oh no. i made a little knight to guard around the well i was building and the idiot climbed onto the 2 high wall and got stuck up there. was there a door? yes. litteraly right next to him. my archers also seem to have completely lost the concept of a bow, as they will only attack from melee range.i don't have the proformence issues that everyone else has, and im sure ym pc isn't as good as them, but it does studder sometimes when they're trying to find their path.this game isn't worth $20 or $17 for the sale."
76561198173080382,Recommended,227860,18741596,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,A Dank Meemay,This game has had many new improvemts as of late. one improvement is the game actually being playable. another is multiplayer (finally) well overall it has really improved so i think everyone should at least give it a go
76561198014070169,Not Recommended,227860,10842439,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Paladin,WHERE ARE THE DEVS ????BUGS BUGS BUGSSLOWEMPTY OF CONTENT AND BACKGROUND
76561198074481696,Not Recommended,227860,14522458,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Xmorphs,"Terrible early access, fell into the mistake of watching the video and bought it straight away (my fault). Do not fall into the same trap as me!! In a year and a half all i've seen added are pumpkin hats.... Poorly optimised, no updates ever, terrible ai, terrible mechanics. Might change review if it get's better and more frequent updates."
,Not Recommended,227860,12178741,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Tibearius,It's a really fun game...it's been nearly a year since i bought it and no updates..
76561198053112507,Not Recommended,227860,14283246,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,shirinal,"never updated, never finished"
,Not Recommended,227860,10380238,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ketchea,"Despite the recent patches, this game is impossible to play. The camera just doesn't work (or is it because the developpers can't handle non-qwerty keymaps? Anyway remapping before launching the game doesn't change anything), the game is slow and laggy (I would blame Unity) and I fail to see any improvement between this version and the previous beta."
76561198053133757,Not Recommended,227860,10462280,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,kerwick_patrick,Needs a lot of work. At this very moment in time it's not a fun game.
76561198045721732,Not Recommended,227860,9737676,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,NuclearRampage,"Developer has attempted to update more, but they are very minimal updates and attempt to ""show"" the develoeprs are doing more work than they actually are... still a very broken game"
76561198026942913,Not Recommended,227860,10382992,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,masimojr,"I wanna love this game so bad... cuz it reminds so much of other great games...BUT, it just falls short..! Even for an alpha version this game was released to early..And ive owned this game for 6 months or so... and in that time frame the game has only been updated 2-3 times.And the last one even though it was massiv, its still didnt improve the gameplay.. surely its running betta I suppose ...but this should have been done before the actually alpha release imo anyways.(and yeah ive only logged 4 hours, but its simply been to much of a mess to play seriosly, even for an alpha version.)But atm I wont recommend it ... but hopefully .. and I really do hope that someday this game will reach its supposed potential and then ill get you a new review..."
76561198068168548,Not Recommended,227860,10557306,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nahkalaakeri,"Long and tedious work on this game. Now got a new ""engine"", but still full of bugs and that took like 6 months to make. I wouldn't recommend for this price. Atleast the saves work now and what you build doesn't just fall off the screen when you load your game.Good potential though if you like sandbox building games"
76561198019198267,Not Recommended,227860,10244020,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,LawzoL,"I cannot stress this enough. I am a 32 year old guy, yes, ""old"". I wanted a creative game similar to Stronghold but more modern and I thought I would give this a chance a year ago as the advertising made it look really unique and good. Back then it was terribly bugged and it was a Steam deal going so I thought 'lets give it a try'. It was fun for five minutes, like most of the Alpha releases and I left it lying, with hope that in time, the developer could make this a really good game. I just returned to it about 10 minutes ago 26/05/14 and NOTHING HAS CHANGED! Pathetic excuses from the developer, blah blah blah. He made his money and f*cked off!"
,Not Recommended,227860,9134918,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Falour,I want my money back!
,Not Recommended,227860,12480938,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,crossman282,"I really want to like this game. It's essentially a castle building/defence simulator that has potential in droves. However, the game faces problems in the AI and has not had any significant updates for ages. Castle Story's AI is servicable at best, but the 'bricktons' will constantly stop and admire the scenery. The AI is at it's worst when assigned to a building project. They will constantly build the closest block to them, meaning that quite regularly, they will completely freeze as their pathfinding spends time trying to redirect the brickton. This wastes precious time in survival mode when you are trying to set up defences before the next wave of enemies comes charging in.The lack of updates makes it feel like the devs have almost abandoned the game, as in the past year there has been no significant update to the gameplay at all. The promise of world generator has been hovering around ever since I bought the game a year ago, but I have still to see any evidence of it being implemented into the game.TL;DR : Game has large amount of potential but falls flat with buggy AI and lazy dev team"
,Not Recommended,227860,28462030,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,XXPX1,"TL;DR: Look at games like Stonehearth or, for the brave, Dwarf FortressIssues- Poor UI: The user has very little idea of how to access anything and the UI is SLOW and cumbersome (too many clicks). Shortcuts are a hit and miss, with none of them being mappable! Huge mistake for a game of this nature. The animations are also way too long for opening every little menu.- Performance: This has gotten a lot better, as it seems the bricktrons can figure out something to now. Although there are times where you see them stop and think.- Game Play: Super abundance of gold and iron while no blue crystals in sight! (Blue crystals = spawn more guys). The game is excessively challenging and losing more than a single bricktron at the beginning is crippling. Save frequently!- And the wood system... I still cannot understand the physics behind. GL making floors for your casltes!Pros:- The genre is relatively slim and this game brings a LEGO like approach to it.- The graphics are charming (except the UI).Overall:After years of coming back to and attempting to play this game, I will finally bring myself to uninstall it and won't look back on it. For a game I started following 2011, the five years has been rough on Castle Story."
76561198089449335,Not Recommended,227860,10987015,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,WarmCreamPocket,This game will never reach anywhere close to finished it was solely a quick money grab
,Not Recommended,227860,10082307,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Tommy-Trinder,"I found myself interested in this game before it was even available on Steam. I became excited with the concept. On the outside it looks cute and intresting, the Developers promised a Castle building wonderland where you construct and defend you castles from strange night corrupt versions of your builders. This peaked my intrest because it was both simple, yet engaging, not over complicated like a lot of games have become.Just clean good fun. So when it was available for Early Access I of course bought it. Now it has a lot of work to do, most of the basic concepts are there but a lot still need to be included, and a hell of a lot of work needs to be done on the features that do exist to remove bugs and glitches and other nastys. I know what your thinking, it's Early Access, thats to be expected.Well... That was a year ago.Nothing has changed, nothing has been added, sometimes a small bug fix will be released but nothing more. I don't even check for updates anymore. They game developers have taken at least a million dollers for this and yet nothing.I'm afraid like a lot of early Access games they have taken your money and ran.This game, and a few others like it have ruined Early Access for me. I no longer intend to buy them because of it."
,Not Recommended,227860,10089603,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Killer Queen,Trash of the sandbox builder world: Never UPDATED
,Not Recommended,227860,10843820,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SupraMageeMee,At it's currrent state (6/27/2014) the game is very barren and doesn't felt like it has progressed much back from when I first purchased it.
,Not Recommended,227860,11372366,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,McBritches,"awful tutorial, awful gameplay....just plain trash"
76561198147429539,Not Recommended,227860,12029002,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,RastaFroBro,Hopeful about this game but development is slow and the game in its current condition isn't very fun.
,Not Recommended,227860,10463748,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Spectrevil,"This is a beautiful game with a lot of potential, but please pay attention to the disclaimer. The game is not finished yet and so far you will find a lot of bugs that make you avoid playing for a long time or even surviving a few waves. In my personal opinion, it has some major problems that make me think it's not a beta yet, but an advanced alpha.The development team is working slowly on this game so, if you want to try it, perhaps you can add it to your wishlist and wait for a discount. So far the content is not worth 20 USD, maybe 10.What do you can do right now?-Play in just two scenarios, one for the sandbox mode and the other for survival.-Develop your castle almost as you want to do it, with a few bugs that sometimes make your bricktrons do nothing but lay down until they are killed.-Collect resources (wood, stone and blue/yellow cristals) pretty easily, but sometimes the  trees explode when you are collecting wood, so you have to wait until they decide they lost it and chop another tree.-Kill the bad guys with archers and swordsmen to defend your fortress every few minutes. Sometimes they don't see  or they can't find the baddies, so if you don't notice them, they keep destroying your castle brick by brick until the guards decide to attack them.-If one of your workers get stuck in a corner (like on the middle of four barrels), you can do nothing.Creating more bricktrons is really slow, so when you loose some of them because of a bug, then each time is even harder to keep surviving and you can get bored."
76561198093536856,Not Recommended,227860,9042009,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Nigel Nerdberry,"While this game does have a seemingly great concept, it quickly falls short of all expectations.This game is still in Alpha, and although it is kind of playable, it is still full of bugs and glitches and other problems.Now this is normally ok because with an alpha comes many updates to quickly fix issues, but the developers behind this game must have missed that memo.Updates are released quite slowly with very little to show with each one. No new features added in for months, AI pathfinding still playing up, plus many other things have gone for months unfixed which has made it somewhat of an effort to even want to play this game any more.What could have been a very great game, has not yet delivered. And at the rate of update releases won't be delivered for a long time."
,Not Recommended,227860,9329587,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Bas Klein,"An interesting game, pretty fun, but a lot of bugs and so little features make it that it gets boring very fast. It's fun to play for a couple of times, but I don't think it's worth the price. Maybe eventually, but for now, I'd suggest waiting or getting it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,227860,9359265,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tallios,"Cute game; ok graphics, not much to speak of so far.  Kinda getting disappointed."
,Not Recommended,227860,10594702,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mochie,"I may not be recommending this game, but I'mnot dumping hate all over it. This game was interesting to play and be involved in, however on top of poor gameplay mechanics, the game does not give you much of a sense on how to get started and how to survive. If you really want the challenge and want to suffer through it, be my guest. However Iwould suggest a different sandbox game."
,Not Recommended,227860,8850366,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Xcaliber,"Ill put it like this, , , just wait for them to pull stuff out as for now its just standing there in my games library waiting for more stuff to be added.1 map aint enough and the builders are very buggy at points i had to restart a save as they got stuck, this game could turn out to be a really good game if they do something with it soon, as people like me who have supported them are bored of waiting now and need to see things happening.overall good game but not really any point in it apart from the building concept that seems to quickly get boring with the lack of sapce and freedom,"
,Not Recommended,227860,10191329,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,HMAKK,yet another early access game that took my money and ran its almost like buying games that arnt done yet is a bad idea...
76561198044389473,Not Recommended,227860,12493128,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,WeirdRavioli,"What a scam, 2+years and no update"
76561198035859811,Not Recommended,227860,15508088,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MoistGrandma,Hasn't been updated in 3 years
76561198070022086,Not Recommended,227860,9981472,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Xxx Harambe's Tender Cheeks xxX,"please please please make a tutorial i have no idea what the hell i am supposed to do, i mine something but then i dont know what to do after, my guys just carry it were are they supposed to take it ? please make a tutorial"
76561198023900837,Not Recommended,227860,9984150,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,frogbob,gabrage. dont waste your money.
,Not Recommended,227860,11631191,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,warkrimes 101,"I've come back months later, this game is so clunky still."
,Not Recommended,227860,9021134,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ducks on Quack,Not very good. this may be an early access game but very complicated
76561198052383656,Not Recommended,227860,28568360,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,msauls913,"massive framerate issues, still early access after 2 years of being released."
,Recommended,227860,34334969,Posted: 18 August,all,The Curry's Hot,This game was ok when i came out but now after the latest update it has become a beast
76561198057217289,Not Recommended,227860,28774711,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Imperialwar,"Im sure it would be fun if i could make it past the first 5 minutes of any mode apart from sandbox.the first wave of bad guys is to big for my guys to fight off and then boom, there goes my base crystal. game over"
,Not Recommended,227860,28815896,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Neko77025,DONT BUY ... This is the game is one of the reasons I have stopped buying early access / kickstarter games ...I have owned this for 2+ years ... maybe 3+ ... very very very few updates.  Dont waste your time and shame on the dev for stealing peoples money.
76561198009873339,Not Recommended,227860,8477690,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Proof of Purchase,Doesn't seem like they are really trying to produce anything... last patch added a Christmas tree.... would rather see more done then a stupid Christmas tree...
76561198056665342,Recommended,227860,32356362,Posted: 11 June,all,The Batter,"This game has come such a long way. the devs have really gave it their best and it feels like it now. I bought this game waaayy long ago and I can honestly say its playable and fun and retains my interest. this feels more like what the devs wanted to make when they set out. if you didn't buy it yet this game now feels like its worth its price and more, I do not care how long it takes a dev to get the game out as long as at some point it gives me joy. thank you."
76561198066468690,Recommended,227860,32354420,Posted: 11 June,all,Wimbobo,"As an owner of Castle Story for more than 2 years, I've been able to watch the game grow and develop. While it has bugs, and needs optimization fixes, the game exceeds the masterpiece category for an Early Access game. If you are wondering about trying this game, just know that its features and options are insanely fun and this game has endless opportunities and can fit anyones play style. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who is interested, I have clocked over 100 hours because of how fun and long lasting this game is."
76561198035350466,Not Recommended,227860,14327615,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,jcollier,"I love the graphics and the concept, but the user interface is too complicated.  Too many m enus and too many buttons to push.  A few suggestions that might make the game easier to play...maybe some of them are already into the game, but I couldnt get far enough to find them.  I only played for about 5 hours but couldnt seem to make much progress.1) Pressing space bar everytime you want to move the camera is a pain.  Scrolling could be accomplished more easily by moving the mouse cursor to the edges of the screen.  Camera rotation should be as simple as pressing the right mouse button and moving the mouse.2) Too many menu options make it difficult to wrap ones head around the game.  For example, there are two build options. Each build option has its own menus.  Why not put them all under the same menu, and order them from simple to more complex.  Its the same with mining.    There is mining for the ground, and then a mining menu for mining cliffs.  It would be easier to put them all under the same menu.3) Creating tasks can be really fun, but not for simple things like harvesting wood.  In order to harvest wood, you have to create a wood harvesting zone and then send workers to harvest the wood.  The zone is currently too small and harvests only a few trees.  What would be really neat would be to left click on a worker, hold down the left mouse button to bring up the worker menu, then mouse button up to select the ""harvest wood"" option.  The menu dissappears and the cursor changes to an axe.  Left mouse button down where you want the center of the zone and then mouse button up when the zone is large enough (basically create a custom size circle by dragging the mouse).  You can do something similar with mining, although you could have a couple of different shapes (circle, square, straight line, etc)4)  The AI is messed up.  I dont have any suggestions there because I cant see the code, however, the little buggers keep pausing while doing tasks, If I had to guess I would say that they are stuck in a code loop.These are just a few suggestions.  I wrote code to pay for my college degree, and have been designing software for over 25 years.  One thing i learned is that the interface is everything.   This is a REALLY COOL game but its just too difficult to play."
,Not Recommended,227860,14297683,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Branflakes,The game hasn't been worked on in any appreciable way in around 2 years now.
76561197979933189,Not Recommended,227860,14296481,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nexis,"Meh. In concept, this game looks and sounds great. The reality of it is, the game is broken. Controls that don't always work, an AI that doesn't always perform as instructed or expected, and a castle that, when all is said and done, is just a pile of bricks keeping out some blob men.... over and over and over."
76561198056778335,Not Recommended,227860,13080651,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SleepyNarwhalz,"I really do love this game because of its creativity. However the devs, who after 1 update decided to practically abandon it  make it not worthwhile to play.Edit: With the new things in this game coming out, I am getting a bit of hope for the devs. Even though a moderate dev could make these updates in three days I think that soon I could make this a positive reveiw."
76561198332062458,Recommended,227860,33931808,Posted: 31 July,all,Zacklightning8,Its A Fun Game But After Awhile It Gets Boring Because You Done Everything and You Know what to do but its a good game i just hope they add some different modes
76561198024273535,Not Recommended,227860,9162690,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,illidian,"This is the earliest early access game I've seen so far....basically a prealpha with patches that come rarely and when they do, they are literally padded nonsense that makes it look like they are patching but if you load the game and play it, you'll notice nothing...some game breaking bugs are still there 6 months later....no content adds..oh wait...we did get hats....and the devs have more than enough money to write a game that would be functional but are too busy finding ways to launder that money into their own pockets and not providing us a good game....9/8/2014 updateI'd like to see more minerals/crafting/units/gameplay/ ANYTHING. Still not sure where this game is going, I ask what the end result will be and was promised for 8 months that a road map that clearly told me what I wanted to know was coming.The roadmap analogy:A man stops you saying he will paint a picture of something you will enjoy. I'm intrigued, so I give him 15 bucks and he hands it to some french guy who splashes some paint on the canvas. It's pretty but so far it is just a splash of paint and clearly doesn't hold my interest long enough to call it art. I wait, but the french guy walks off with my 15 bucks to a coffee stand and orders some coffee and sits down. The original guy I handed my money too tells me that he is just taking a break for the christmas holiday;an hour or 2, and will be back shortly. I'm a bit unpleased, voice my opinion, and say I'll be back. I come back a couple hours later and the french guy is back at his canvas staring at it but nothing has changed. Instead, I see he has made himself a nice shiny billboard moved to a larger part of the park. Hmm, perhaps he needed more breathing room, I try to talk to the french guy, but I'm completely ignored, but the original guy comes back, we will call him, crate, so crate tells me that he is working hard but all I see is the same splash of paint on a canvas from before. Annoyed with crate and the french guy I walk away. A couple hours later I decide to check to see if my painting might have done anything. Holy hell, The painting still hasn't changed, I inquire to crate about WTF is going on. He tells me that the painting has changed and shows me a list of things he says has changed but it is still the same damn splash of paint and NOTHING has changed. The french guy is absent, Crate informs me that he went on a buisness trip down the block to promote his painting. Hmmm, should he have something to sell before advertising farther? The french guy comes back shortly after with another guy. They talk and the other guy leaves. I ask crate whats going on and he informs me that the splash of paint on the canvas is all wrong and needs to be corrected. The french guy throws a white sheet over it and says it'll be fixed shortly. An hour later I come back and the two guys are talking about their unveiling of a new improved ""refactored"" version of the painting. The white sheet gets pulled and....ITS THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING SPLASH OF PAINT from before. I voice my opinion and low and behold, hundreds of people like me are now standing with me wanting answers. Crate answers some, but most are silenced with a quick hammer to their heads. An hour later, I decide to check on it, I'm not sure why at this point, perhaps it's the mentality to watch a train wreck occur, you know it's going to sad but also like, HOLY ♥♥♥♥, did you see that guys brains go flying all over. Anyways, you'll never guess whats happened, that's right, NOTHING....that splash of paint is still there, but now theres another painting right next to it with marks pointing to the other painting saying that this white part of the canvas is almost done while this smear hasn't even been started. I'm not even sure where to begin here, I still have yet to be told what this painting will be in the end, I was told I would enjoy it, but so far 93% of the people that bought this painting, HATE IT....."
,Not Recommended,227860,9155796,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,CranK,"A game with a lot of potential. Mixing the resource gathering and combat of an rts and the building of a game similar to minecraft, there is a lot of fun to be had. I can see this been a very good game in the future but at the moment it is obviously unfinished. There is a lack of direction along with a lack of modes and activities. As there is no multiplayer yet there is basically not much to do. This combined with a clunky UI can combine to make a quite frustrating experience.I'd would say hold on and wait for the game to be finished. As said before there is the potential here to be a really fun game."
,Not Recommended,227860,8699895,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Zastavan,"Castle Story is a bad game.I have waited and waited for patches but none have came. I want a refund but since I live in the Corporate States of America comrade Ridah can have no refunds.So let me spit down why this game is bad.The UI/Controls are very poor  and consolized. Its almost painfull to try and play this on PC and as of 1/13/2014 there is only a very very basic game here. Its almost insulting they can get away with selling this on steam or many of these types of early access games. Valve dousn't care, they take the money and so does the dev. Beyond that, theres no one watching over this stuff.But back to the game, basically the UI is so consolized its confusing and just really awful to use on PC. The AI also have issues where they will occasionally just stop responding, stop working, and nothing can make them go back to work. Even if you did get to build something theres not much to do, its just not fun.I gave it a chance, its just horrible. Theres only the basic guise of a fun game and beyond that...nothing. I think an EA game would be better honestly, atleast they have to release a full game to fool people to buying it. Its messed up when I can say comparatively to this, that EA games are ""full"" games when half of the content is cut for later DLC releases at a premium overprice."
76561198169935530,Not Recommended,227860,14430795,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Thunder_cluck,so glichy
,Not Recommended,227860,18022965,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Astro,"Great concept, poor development."
,Recommended,227860,24358535,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Hobbit93,Its got that dwarf fortress style gameplay but now with friends!
76561198007966511,Recommended,227860,24362448,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Flazek,"When the game first came out, it had major issues. Game kept crashing, no guidance, only one game mode, etc. I was disappointed for buying it at that time, and I thought the devs ran away.I decided to get on it recently, and I was surprised to find that it finally became the game I was promised. I have had a lot of fun after playing the tutorial and learning how the game worked. Great little castle-building defense game! Would recommend this game, waiting to try it out on multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,227860,17615228,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Syncaidius,"This had an amazing start. Updates were regular, new content was added at least once per month.That was almost 2 years ago. The game hasn't really moved much further since, even going backwards on some features, such as multiplayer.The game has SO much potential, but at this point in time, I cannot recommend it. Especially considering how long the game has been in limbo, and the price they're charging for it."
,Recommended,227860,24343359,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,VidinstonKelly,"I have to say, 1 year ago, this game wasunplayable. Glitches, Bugs, and Crashes were common, and most of the focus was on trying tonotcrash instead of playing the game. I can now say it has greatly improved. I have played for 1 hour without any issues. I hope this streak will continue, as the game has so much potential! Keep going Sauropod Studios!December of 2016 Update!This game continues to amaze me, because of a new update that just happened, version .8! This has many great features that I believe will greatly enhance gameplay and replayability. I really do believe Sauropod Studios has really picked up their slack and is making this game absolutley fantastic! Keep going in the right direction!-VidinstonKelly"
76561197986085660,Not Recommended,227860,18102552,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Turble,The game has been under development for several years with very little progress made. It could be very fun but at its current state it's basically unplayable. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,227860,13202879,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dknighter,This game has been out for a very long time and at first it was very good however due to the lack of updates over the entire period this game has been out has been ridiculous. The only updates for this game are either bug fixes that no one even knew existed or holiday changes such as christmas and halloween. It is a good game however you would have played everything the game has to offer after a few hours.
76561198067811621,Recommended,227860,29752852,Posted: 6 February,all,awsomevic,can use more ways to get to higher places but it really fun
76561197981419347,Not Recommended,227860,21497184,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Die alte Lampe,"Not Playable right now. I tried it i think half a year ago and nothing happend since then.Spawn in a new world, out of Map with nothing.If you get so far, that you can build anything the bricktones get stuck and then you´re fu****."
76561198038611783,Not Recommended,227860,13287146,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,icantbelieve789,"good potential, zero execution"
76561198160622473,Recommended,227860,24734459,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dwarf404,"While castle story had a roguh and long (3 years) period of slow and painful development. I think the game has come up to be a wonderful thying so far.The updates seem to have been improving a lot of things and keep coming at a faster rate, so kudos to the Dev Team.+Gameplay-wise. I really like invasion, it really tests your boundries as a builder and strategist having wave after wave of baddies attacking your poor bricktrons.+-Wolrd editor is a little bit basic. I hope more things are added as time pases, like being able to build castles and structures, not just terrain.+-Conquest is a slower paced gamemode  which can be very enjoyable but it can be cheesed quite easily ( i won on normal whit only 2 archers and a warrior).-The AI is still a bit clunky, sometimes bricktrons get stuck, as well as corruptrons, and their line of sight is sometimes unclear. But as is to be with an EA game, it will probably get better with time*The game crashes if you alt tab too many times to a different game, i hope this is fixed soon.Overall i think this is a great game and, the core-game mechanics are wonderful (tho i'd like to see more Bricktron variety) I would recommend you to buy this game and keep supporting the Development if it keeps going as well as it has been the past few updates."
,Recommended,227860,28439516,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Un1t3d csgopoints.com,"This game is good. Maybe it could use a little bit of tweaking for mouse movements (at leat for me). Maybe add a little bit more resources to use. More different types of workers, soldiers, and archers. But overall, this game is good. :)"
76561198065531039,Not Recommended,227860,28523659,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Domite,"Fun little demo for a game that has been in development for years with very little changing since it first started. I can't recommend this game because it seems like it will never be finished with seemingly 1 new minor feature every year or so, progress might as well not be happening."
76561198112178736,Recommended,227860,32355047,Posted: 11 June,all,keylocke,"so glad devs didn't abandon this game. i'm liking the new updates but development is still kinda slow.giving it a thumbs up coz i wanna see where this is going (still hyped for this game, like stonehearth)."
76561198035463316,Not Recommended,227860,28259132,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hacer,Bugs! oh the bugs!
,Not Recommended,227860,28212606,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,-{A★T}- blazingrager33,"I want it to be fun, but the AI is too stupid, and when the AI is the main feature, you've got a problem."
,Recommended,227860,24319725,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Spongy Monkey,I would encourage people to read negative reviews before buying any game but following the 0.7.1 update the product actually matches the videos on steam!It certainly has some distance to go with optimization and some rather annoying glitches but it's fun to have on in a window while you're on facebook or netflix or something.
76561198068081550,Not Recommended,227860,34355600,Posted: 19 August,all,Remnant,With 1.0 I can't even run the game at more than 10 FPS. Thanks.
76561197960270534,Not Recommended,227860,34492851,Posted: 25 August,all,Knives,"This game feels incredibly unfinished. I liked the game concept of building a castle to defend against waves on enemies so I purchased it and tried quite hard, to enjoy the game.What I found was an unpolished, shallow proof of concept. This is not a completed game despite it saying version 1.0. It is a dissapointing mess of glitches, bad AI, poor optimization, overly complicated interface and lackluster gameplay. There is no tutorial. The enemies are extremely basic and have almost no variation. Building castles is artificially difficult because the units are not coded well enough to construct things logically. They will block their own paths with bricks and be unable to build the rest of a design. It takes ages for units to build anything because they will all attempt to build the same block, one will do it and the rest will just take their materials back to the stockpile instead of building something else with what they are carrying. Using wood blocks is redundant unwieldly, and poorly explained. Combat is badly coded as well, units will just stop fighting randomly and do not consistently react to enemy units.The challenge in this game is working against all of the problems to try to find the actual gameplay. It generally just feels like herding cats.I feel this left early access because the developers are tierd of working on it and have decided to just call it a day and stop. I paid $30 for 8 hours of struggling to see what others actually enjoyed here. I would not spend $10 on this ""game""."
76561197970651239,Not Recommended,227860,7324449,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Delanov,"Looks interesting, but to early dev stage to say more. It's fight with bugs now. Let's wait for more stable build."
76561198083893666,Not Recommended,227860,29770090,Posted: 7 February,all,Right Nut,This game is trash
76561198038391135,Not Recommended,227860,29853878,Posted: 11 February,all,Fuzzy Chops,This game will never be finished. Only buy it if you like it's current state
76561198027021912,Recommended,227860,34614273,Posted: 30 August,all,ElBorak3,Most of the negative reviews have been probably made before the release of the game but this game has a lot improved and it is now really fun and a good game to play with friends !
,Not Recommended,227860,28807807,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,burfdog,"I really want to like this game, and i keep comming back to it to give it another try. And it has soooo much potential! But these Devs are just sooo clearly inexperienced and arnt learning much in the process. I bought this game about a year or 2 ago. It was a bug ridden mess that didnt know what it was or where it was going. Now its today...and its still a bug ridden mess that doesnt know where its going. After this long a game should have a solid concept with content. This game still is just a basic build with, in my opinion, very little content. Theres bugs everywhere you look and, on top of that, the game just crashed on me lol. I can look past some bugs for a good game thats enjoyable, but this game is 100% micro-management of your workers, and 100% frustrating. I cant recommend this game to anyone until it has a lot more content and a lot less bugs.:EDIT:update 0.9 came out recently. The game is a little better, but with that being said, the AI is still terrible, even easy difficulty is way to hard, theres still no tutorial or some sort of story. this game may get done one day...but at this pace itll be about 15 years from now."
76561198204066583,Not Recommended,227860,34896136,Posted: 11 September,all,LadyLassy,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's just too flawed. Both the single player and multiplayer modes left me frustrated. The AI that manages your workers has a lot of problems. The pacing is REALLY SLOW. The combat, tunneling, and crafting mechanics are difficult to manage and the AI tends to trip over itself, forcing you to go in and micro your units for basic tasks. Honestly, this game should be in Beta so that the developers can get the feedback that they clearly need.A few examples of things that really annoyed me:1. I had plenty of planks, rope, and fabric stockpiled next to a workbench. I tried multiple times to make archer kits. Nothing happened. Then, I tried directly assigning a Bricktron to the task. The worker wandered around aimlessly for several seconds before giving up and moving to another task. Mind you, I was desperately trying to fend off an attack while this was happening.2. Many times, you go to build a wall, and the AI isn't smart enough to build it in the right order to avoid creating impassable obstructions or walling out your workers.3. You just don't have very many workers, and they tend to do stupid things, making their tasks go slow. Supposedly, you are supposed to expand your base and get more workers using capture wards. I never got that far, since it takes a while to make wards, they are very vulnerable to attacks, and you constantly have to babysit the AI. Don't forget, you can't just tell them to build a ward (even though it's a ""structure""), you have to ""craft"" it, THEN have a worker place it as part of a ""construction task.""4. Iron is challenging to obtain, especially since you have no idea if a particular tunnel or quarry might produce some. This is a problem given how important the resource is to crafting.This game can't decide if it's a castle building simulator, a tower/castle defense game, a crafting game, an RTS game, etc. It tries to do too much and ends up doing it poorly. If a ""version 2"" of this game comes out, I might be interested in taking another look, but not until then."
76561198153383879,Recommended,227860,23658928,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Gotta Blast,This. This is a good example of tower defense and sandbox games. Definitely worth it now that the devs are becoming more and more productive with their updates.
,Recommended,227860,22898474,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,BΞLUGΛ | cs.money,"This game is new kind of sandbox/tower defense i've never seen.it wonderful.this is a game where you create a small castle,and grow to be a fortress with how much workers,warriors and archers you can spawn.:D"
76561198090873811,Recommended,227860,22900260,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,My Snow Leopard is Autistic,"Great game!I love the gameplay and its lots of fun that i keep coming back to when i get an urge. Its a great time killer to see the bricktrons build and desgining your own castles. And the survival mode is exciting and a great challenge! This game has changed so much since it was first proposed and its great! Can't wait til next update :D 10/10!!!!!!!Great if you like games like minecraft, terraria, sanbox games etc!"
76561198090646937,Recommended,227860,23022234,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hartige harry,Bought this game some days ago and it is great fun ever since!I only miss the Multiplayer but i heard that they will add it in the next update. :DCant wait till it gets out of Early acess and there are less buggs but i will keep playing it nonetheless !!!
,Recommended,227860,23294645,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Murcanic,"A promising game, I enjoy playing it so far though there are some issues like pathfinding, memory leaks increasing ram ussage and minor bugs, overall I expect them to be worked out over the course of development aswell as their news on upcoming patches are very promising, the next one at the time of this review will speed up action time aswell as pathfinding for the AI which will be very nice. This game is fun and challenging but what else would you want from a castle survival game ^^If anything keep on eye on the game to see when the development of the game reaches a point in which you are happy with it to buy, I am happy with my purchase and look forward to future patches to make it even better. I also do not know if the price will incrase after release but it is something to look into if you plan to wait.oh and a tip, two stone thick walls are useful aswell as putting bricks behind your archers to stop them being tossed off the walls when the corupt throw their rocks at them."
,Recommended,227860,23354717,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nickson-Conn,Good game. Horrificly bad AI. Easy to crash on conquest after you spent 30 minutes building up defenses and geting soilders then realize your lagging because they have hundreds of their own soilders and when you finnaly fight them your game crashes. Try it unless you have a top of the linesystem once you get into fighting them some may become invincible and stuck still being targeted by your troops and the same can happen to yours let alone if it happens to a catapult where it just explodes for no reason and breaks the operator's AI completly. Still fun when its not doing that so thats why i will recomend the game minus the Game breaking bugs like that.
76561198059970843,Recommended,227860,23718476,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HRE Water,back den game was sheeyt now game is ggod stuff
,Recommended,227860,34870221,Posted: 10 September,all,Vrekais,"After a rough start when from first alpha version to now I really feel that this game is one I can recommend.The new units and crafting system add a lot of depth to the gameplay. I've spent most of my play time in the invasion game mode and it's hard but rewarding.Just wish I could recycle stuff, like if a unit dies I could get some of the materials back. Lose so much when a Knight dies and that can be the final nail in a defence if they can't be replaced by the next wave."
,Not Recommended,227860,30183915,Posted: 25 February,all,mike,"The game needs an EASY mode where you don't have to ""micromanage"" every little thing that you want your guys to do.  There are WAY TOO MANY steps necessary to just make your guys do the most simple things.  If you don't do the steps in the correct order they just don't do anything.  The game is very frustrating at this point.  Not fun to play for the newcomer to the game.  Very confusing game control for the person not knowing this game.Mike"
,Not Recommended,227860,28702025,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rhone_Senpai,Game has some crazy and unclear controls. Very hard to figure out how they work exactly. Was easier to play when I got this a year or two ago. Gonna call it. Time of death 2:04 am.
76561198045933438,Not Recommended,227860,10850193,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mica,Wouldn't play it if it was free
76561197991952901,Not Recommended,227860,19133616,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mangster,"The money I spent on this game would've been better spent on sand, and then pouring said sand into my bed"
,Not Recommended,227860,34557592,Posted: 28 August,all,Cassidy,This game is still very early deveolpment it seems. The controlls are very botched and confusing. I wouldnt reccomend buying this game yet give it some time.
76561198182122871,Not Recommended,227860,21752363,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Leo The Lion,"Huge learning curve! Even when I tried the tutorial, half my tree fell off the map. This means you cant continue the tutorial, AT ALL. So after 5 atempts at that, i just ended up trying to play the game by figuring it out on my own. When spawned into some maps you cant zoom out to see the entire map, my guys shoot each other, AND when building i cant deleate my blocks during the blueprint mode. I watched many vidoes on how to play and was so interested as excited but after playing and doing my own playing? I wouldnt recomend this game :("
,Not Recommended,227860,26523977,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,lapshop,so i just got this game but i cant get in becouse the games keeps crashing when ever i try to start a new game is there any way i can fix this
,Recommended,227860,34384921,Posted: 20 August,all,ImFritz,"I've been following this game for years now. 20 hours? I've been waiting for it to be playable.Please buy it on sale. $25 for this game is greedy and outrageous, these devs just had no idea what they were getting into.I'm glad they buckled down and got it to 1.0."
76561198062816978,Recommended,227860,23438272,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Spooky Ninja,"This game is just brilliant, captures the mind and it lets you build a castle and defend it! If anything this game should be showed great appreciation. I personally love it to bits! I completely recommend this game :3"
,Recommended,227860,23351625,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BigBigB7,"I got this game way back as a Kickstarter funder for the game(one of the 30,000 backers), and thought it had great potential as a great game. Here are some pros and cons I found with the game.PROS:Long gamesGood graphicsVery funCONS:unoften/very small updatesBrictons bug out at timesAll in all, this a great game, and I think you should get it while in heavy development."
,Recommended,227860,25015285,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Alydus,"Castle story is a very promising and fun game. I personally really enjoy strategy type defense games and the invasion mode really caught my eye, a 3d defense game. I saw this game a few years ago and was going to get it but the bad reviews really caught my eye and I decided i'd wait, so i did and here I am later. The development on Castle Story has really picked up, the day i bought the game there were a few bugs with the AI, but the next day they were fixed in a patch. The building is really fluid and the UI is really intuitive. Theres some great tutorials on youtube too for the building process!Positives:- Lots of gamemodes- Fully multiplayer compatibile, in every gamemode.- Loads of fun to play with friends- Descent graphics- Pretty optimized- Awesome developers, who even take the time to personally contact members of the community for a good talk!- Intuitive UI in general, especially in the level editor.Negatives:- Development stopped for a period of time, but did pick up- The tutorial isn't very long and doesn't cover alot of building processesIn conclusion, I really recommend this game to play with friends, but the singleplayer can get boring eventually.Thanks for reading my review.-alydus.net"
76561198046361054,Recommended,227860,25626560,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dat_Turnip,This game had a slow start but I'm glad to see the devs working very hard on it now.It's really improved since it came out and seems very promising.
,Recommended,227860,26047320,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,489Herobrine,"You guys have made a creation that, with editing and bug fixes, could become the number one game on steam"
76561198095473105,Recommended,227860,25673273,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[1stU.S.S.S(Co.B)]Sir Cog,Updates slowly but it's surely going the right way
76561197989863313,Recommended,227860,31182886,Posted: 16 April,all,Caiden!,"Fun little time waster.If you want to build some neat structures, take care of your little Bricktrons, and defend them against enemies, I'd pick it up.I will easily get over 20 hours of fun from this, which make the 20$ price tag worth it.1$ = 1 hour for me."
,Recommended,227860,31163580,Posted: 15 April,all,The Weed Veteran,"GET A TUTORIAL, HEN ITS PERFECT"
76561198065534670,Recommended,227860,31208484,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,It's alright
76561198106437007,Recommended,227860,33556422,Posted: 15 July,all,The Swedish Taco,i r8 8 out of 8 m8
,Not Recommended,227860,34352332,Posted: 19 August,all,EvilToaster,"I really like the game... But I'm dissapointed, that the game came out with MANY bugs."
76561198105513540,Recommended,227860,29968246,Posted: 16 February,all,Dis Guy,"First came out. UnplayableNow? PlayableEnjoyable? if your into realtime/ turnbased strat yeswhat can you do? map editor, diffrent gamemodes (3) so you can be fairly creative in how you playbugs? one with the fog of war and the occational npc getting stuckWill I continue to play. yesupdates: they appear to be speeding up"
,Recommended,227860,31997750,Posted: 27 May,all,Kaezeribato,"A good STR/sandbox game, regulary updated. it's always fun to came back on it for a game."
,Not Recommended,227860,11085550,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BlackArma,Interesting concept but way to slow development. :-/
76561198006936896,Not Recommended,227860,13460404,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Max!pad,After playing the latest patch (The one claiming to fix the unit pathfinding issues) I can honestly say I am giving up on this game.  It is a great concept and I truely hope the developers see it through but after their boasts that they fixed the pathfinding issues I can honestly say that it is clear they did not test this patch for more than 15 minutes because after about this long playing you will spend more time trying to fix anything that causes your units to get hung up.  Which is just about anything.  If the developers actually fix this pathing issues add new gameplay content to this game (something they have not really done in at least a year.... ( well excluding the halloween unit skins -__- )) I will gladly change and rewrite this review.
,Not Recommended,227860,20839515,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Spooder Adem,"Really bad. Abandoned, incompetent devs. Had extreme potential."
76561197997082784,Not Recommended,227860,20962737,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,❀✾❁Pyrus❁✾❀,Longest game to be in beta ever.Multiplayer still dosen't work.
,Not Recommended,227860,23047349,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,mixed_mutt88,"This game is annoying had a whole article I wrote but it was erased so here is the short version. I have a 8 core amd processor with a 7900 HD sapphire 3 gb graphics card. This game runs choppy...no clue why but its annoying as hell. Then the crickets...WTF why would you put such a constant annoying noise in the game.Most importantly the little s**t for brains brick heads are as dumb as a Trump supporter. They just get lost and stop working and god forbid their task takes a little effort because they just shut down right away. You need a feature like dungeon keeper or whatever so you can whip them to make them actually work.Building a castle is impossible and nothing makes sense and I have played quite a few games where you build cities, castles, space stations you name it but only 1 other game comes to mind that is so arguous in building and that other game is super complex, you've made a simple game more complex than necessary.I am sure over time this will get better but as of right now this game just pisses me off to no end.  Really hoped I would have enjoyed it more rather than being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I have no clue how to delete items (had to google everything to figure this game out) and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that building up is the most annoying thing ever."
76561198060558123,Not Recommended,227860,26647772,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,gillesvi93,"It's a moneygrab, plain and simple."
,Not Recommended,227860,13455607,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cosmonaut comrade,The AI is so bad and frustrating
,Not Recommended,227860,20758038,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,'Murica,nope
76561198260246434,Not Recommended,227860,21114252,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Infinite _Fury,i want a refund
76561197970685695,Not Recommended,227860,13540754,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,digitalsoap,"What works in this game? Pretty much nothing.And for a game that has been in ""early access"" for over a year, that's disgraceful.Don't waste your money."
76561198030781660,Recommended,227860,22845730,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Wen,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CASTLE STORY FOR LIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198066832523,Not Recommended,227860,13495742,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,willworlock,absoutly crap just a waist of money and time
76561198119164016,Recommended,227860,29554751,Posted: 28 January,all,retard 115k,"A lot of negative reviews are outdated, as the issues they are talking about have been mostly fixed. I would definitely get this game if you like building castles/defending it, it is complicated at first but very fun in the long run. The devs are commited to the game, I can tell. They post almost weekly on their website when people say they do not do anything."
76561198067480998,Not Recommended,227860,13263441,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MrGaughan,"This is by far one of the worst investments I have made in a game, it's boring, updates never happen, there is no key objectives so therefore makes it a boring game. Just don't buy it take my advice, you will regret it."
,Not Recommended,227860,13898540,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ＣＯＰＥＮ,This game is a piece of trash.
,Not Recommended,227860,13251768,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Royal Redcoat,"Castle Story, Eh just don't okay... It's fun enough untill you get the game breaking bugs, the A.I for one it's awful, then there's saves you'll lose worlds because of them and after a two hour game lose everything Grrh, I mean some times you load a new game after losing an old one and that's broken before it even launches and graphical errors that'll also break everything rendering everything into a heap of white gunk... all that aside it's fun for awhile but not worth buying, or not untill it's finished.May i also say that the multiplayer means nothing, it's just a tag, doesn't work, and if you can get it working top job cause i've tried for an hour with a friend, no luck."
,Recommended,227860,8700313,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nick,Actually a very fun a intertaining game. Needs some work as it is still in beta but amazing and well worth the money!
,Not Recommended,227860,8132832,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,L!MP R!CHARD,rip off piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227860,23012051,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ry62747,"no tutorial, terrible AI, confusing and boring"
,Recommended,227860,23310090,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,N3st,"Good and interesting strategy for aplha version, but need more content and more stable multiplayer."
76561198009418230,Not Recommended,227860,21519079,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ZakusMaximus,"Update:TL;DR: Getting better, slowing moving towards a thumbs up.I first reviewed this game over a year ago and it has come a bit further since. A lot of the pathing issues I ran into the first time around have been solved, minions now pass resources off to eachother if they are in eachothers way, a nice little touch. Building seems to be handled a bit easier as well where as before my minions would simply get confused and not do anything.Something that still bothers me quite a bit though is the combat difficulty during the invasion game mode. The difficulty gets ramped up a bit too fast and you will find yourself being overwhelmed long before getting your fortifications built. If the combat minions where a bit stronger, able to go toe to toe with the biggest bad guy, I think it would be more balanced. You might think that being able to fight from a fortified position would make a difference but really it just forces the enemies tto go a try to dig into your base forcing you out into the open.This will probably, hopefully, be changed with the impending 0.9 update which looks a bit promising, being able to switch between fighting and building. It would still be nice if the spawn rate could be boosted or adjusted manually by the player with a slider or something.DON""T WASTE YOUR MONEY!I bought this game thinking it had some decent potential... two and a half years ago. Since then I've gotten nothing. This game barely functions, there's little to no real content, and it's been in ""early access"" the entire time. If you want a castle building game go buy any of the Stronghold games."
,Recommended,227860,23453781,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Orange,It's very nice game for multiplayer and singleplayer too.Эта игра хороша как для мультиплеера так и для синглплеера.Я рекомендую!!!
,Not Recommended,227860,31712919,Posted: 12 May,all,OG Yung Baby Wipe,"Got this game to play with some friends, about halfway through the match 1 of them gets kicked, and further in I get ridiculous frame drops, ruining this game for me. DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,227860,34408440,Posted: 21 August,all,(not) Y2K Compliant,Took 4+ years but its finally a game worth playing
76561198263277793,Recommended,227860,31580833,Posted: 6 May,all,bidi.david,its fun
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,227860,12855469,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,caidicus,"I feel like this game took too long to become whatever it has tried to become.In fact, I feel like it's still not what it wants to be.It fails to create a ""want to play"" that games of this sort should have.Maybe I'll try it again, in the future, but for now, it just doesn't feel like a good game."
76561198034498125,Not Recommended,227860,9423870,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Instant Replay,"1) This game is not for everyone. The core gameplay focuses on creating castles, one block at a time. Most gamers would find this game tedious and boring (as did I).2) There are only three gameplay modes:-Sandbox: The only thing you can do is build a castles-Survival: I found there was very little challenge in this mode. I got bored after 2 hours. I'm not sure if the developers realized that it's more efficient to build walls at choke points on the map and station archers on the walls than building a single castle that leaves your workers vulnerable to attack while working (especially while the recall button doesn't work properly).-Multiplayer: couldn't get it to workI wouldn't say that $20 is a fair price considering the lack of content.3) I wouldn't say this game is bad. It's just that it isn't for most people and has a very narrow appeal."
76561198027328048,Not Recommended,227860,13218631,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,jashot73,the worst early access experience I have had on Steam.
76561197977598440,Not Recommended,227860,14512104,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ツ R.,"Developers are thieves. Poor Gameplay,"
76561198039801060,Not Recommended,227860,8785534,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,yah yeet yah,"Waste of 20 bucks, devs are hungry for money. DONT BUY. This game is utter crap. Bugs, bugs galore. Friends, save your 20 bucks for DOF (Dawn Of Fantasy) or like Bioshock NOT THIS."
76561198035689219,Not Recommended,227860,7983995,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,majikmunkyy,Flat out does not work on mac DON'T BUY if you have a mac.
76561197993249278,Not Recommended,227860,18265810,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ele-venThousandBody,"Do you like obtuse radial menus? Then Castle Story might be for you! But wait, there's also buggy little yellow dudes that get stuck on everything including but not limited to terrain, each other, trees, and much much more (there isn't anything else in the game). Combat is an exciting mix of either instantly killing everything that attacks with a single archer, or losing everything to a single overpowered enemy that one hits everything you throw at it!There's also many exciting game modes, varying from nothing attacking you with lots of tedious clicking trying to get units unstuck to a trimmed down mode where you can't change the terrain and the previously mentioned enemies attack in progressively stupider waves. Although, I guess with the way the yellow dudes get stuck on everything the lack of mining is really more of a blessing.Did I mention how your yellow dudes get stuck on everything and then just stand there waiting for you to move them yourself?Horrible control scheme mixed with utterly stupid pathfinding and task queuing system makes this game a NO! Maybe worth $0.1999. Save yourself the trouble of requesting a refund and skip the story these developers failed to tell."
76561198277146099,Recommended,227860,29569210,Posted: 29 January,all,NicTrix,"I gave a thumbs up. I like the game, needs more building blocks/bricktons.                                                                             Needs a better delete button, kinda confusing where it is."
76561197970443505,Recommended,227860,34579195,Posted: 29 August,all,Heizenblog,"I really want to like this game and for most parts I do, there are just a few niggles that I have that if ironed out would be so much better.1,  The building is so unforgiving and requires a lot of practice, the amount of times I build a block in the middle of a building but could not work out how to delete it.2.  I would love to be able to rotate the blocks on the X,Y and Z axis to enable more interesting designs.3.  Your people never get hungry, angry, bored they just do as they are told, needs more depth.4.  Not enough building options, would love to see mechanics like cogs and gears etc.Despite these little annoyancies I still find myself drawn to the game and want to build more and better, it just needs a lot of dedication."
76561198195920294,Recommended,227860,23330313,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,#NoTilt,"Good game, wonderfull. But I don\'t like some blueprints and to controll my minions - they\'re SLOOW!  Can you fix it?"
76561198060152034,Not Recommended,227860,23238521,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,NuclearCorgi,Just isn't fun. The controls are the worst.
,Recommended,227860,23297231,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MineGrayTV,"An awesome Experience, once you get the hang of the game, but is still the best game in my library (So Far...)"
,Recommended,227860,22901617,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,⟐Zach⟐,9/10  Love this game.This game is truly one of a kind.
,Recommended,227860,26007593,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Joubes,"Castle story is still in early stages, but is fun.Pros:Boss around little yellow dudes.Build stuff without doing the grunt work yourself.Fight stuff for reasons.Mine stuff.Cons:Game runs a bit rough.Limited peices to build with.Sometimes the yellow dinguses do weird things tho.Don't buy if:You want to command an army.You want a long running RTS.You expect a finished game."
,Recommended,227860,23073099,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AKoverlord,"A pretty rad castle building game, has a whole crapton of potential"
76561198093284050,Not Recommended,227860,21312221,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Homie With Another Chromie,Does anyone know if I can get a refund?
76561198072817788,Not Recommended,227860,22799820,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,"TireBiter, Biter of all Tires","I bought this game around when it was first available on steam annnnd it was too buggy to play... I still was on the hype train from the kick starter video and what this game could be. But after going back to the game every now and then seeing if the game is playable, and I have seen videos of people playing on youtube without game breaking bugs, yet when I have tried to play survival after investing 45-60 mins my workers would stop getting resources or just endlessly pile rocks in bins. At this point I would say the game is unplayable at this point."
,Not Recommended,227860,19894171,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TetrisRick,It's been in alpha forever. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,227860,20904673,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mr. Jihad,personaly it is to glitchy 4 me 2 play but hay good idea
76561198041907887,Not Recommended,227860,13502521,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,heartlessdeath,"The A.I in this game are EXTREMELY stupid. Add that to  the cumbersome mechanics of the game to get your little yellow people to do anything makes for a VERY frustrating play. Getting anything done, especially diggin for recources, takes a LOT of finagling. This game is not worth anywhere close to $20. $5, maybe."
,Recommended,227860,21613982,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,J423D,"Love it, if only Bricktons wouldn't get stuck... Can't wait for the final product."
,Recommended,227860,23897842,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MCLOVEN,good game.I like the workers to be able to respawn if they get stuk. I have trubel to get them down some times. And I hate It.It`s a fun and a grate game fore boringe times.7/10 `Early Access
,Not Recommended,227860,19853867,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,El Gringo,"5 Minutes in game4 Minutes spent trying to make a map, having it crash every damn time.Once finally into a game, I spent 15 seconds looking at a horrible mash of colors, yellow turds and 15 fps despite having a top range PC.10/10 would refund again."
76561198001536271,Not Recommended,227860,21210581,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,odhan,"Around 18 months ago I reviewed this game and gave it a thumbs down. I saw a video of someone playing it on YouTube and decided it had been long enough to see if the game had improved. I can see there's been a lot of development, new features and a general improvement in the completeness of the game. However, there are many frustrating aspects that prevent me from giving this a thumbs up.Possibly the most important part of this game, the AI of the Bricktrons, is also the most unsatisfying. Your workers will rarely do what you expect them to do, they drop resources instead of storing them, they don't start jobs when there are jobs available and they store resources in the wrong place. Those 3 aspects form what I would consider the core of the game and they do not work. It should be effortless to direct your workers to store materials in a designated stockpile, but it is not. If you have a stockpile full of wood and you set it to store only stone, you would expect your workers to move the wood, but of course they don't.Then there's the UI, this is a stong example of different not always being good. I am left with a feeling of tedium and frustration from the entire experience.This game has been in development for too long to have these flaws. Who knows when this game will be good or finished, if ever. I highly doubt I'll be back in another year to see if it's any different, but maybe I will, I do normally really enjoy these types of games.My original review from Feb 2016:This game is pants. Such unintuitive controls, pointless gameplay that leaves you frustrated. I bought it ages ago and have tried to revive it in my library a few times, to no avail. Maybe I'll come back to it in another year, but I imagine it'll still be in alpha and will still be unsatisfying."
76561198004801400,Not Recommended,227860,21313537,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Excalicock,absolute bonkers awesome concept. pity about the gameplay...
76561198062639205,Not Recommended,227860,19857664,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hank Hill,Late review but you can see my limit amount of game time I gave up...A lot of great hype behind this game and I wanted it to work but turns out to be a waste of money. Do Not Buy.
76561198090507393,Recommended,227860,34891326,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,Fun to watch my little yellow slaves build me a castle then get stuck on a pathing issue. then get murderd by rock people. This game also gave me the best name. Hail Ferfwaf! King of Slaves!
,Recommended,227860,25245283,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kRIEGER,"So, Castle story,When I saw the game for the first time it was in end 2013, and it was something like 0.1, now, the game is still not in 1.0 but the changes and improvements are amazing! There are surely still some issues on the right or on the left, but this game has an amazing potential (as the dev. Team, big thumb up there) !In Castle Story, which has nothing to do with CS, you will have to defend your Bricktrons and their/your Cristal, against the Evil and Bad Corruptrons, or even other player playing Bricktrons. You are able to buimd up far in the sky, and far under the Earth, but remember, never dig to deep! It will always end bad!I think if Castle Story improves some things, it will be an even more amazing game as it is now like:-Something like a story mode, or something like missions ""save the bricktrons"" ,""survive 100 waves"" ,""kill all the corruptrons""-Maybe adding something like Water-Adding more bricks to build, for big and complexes castles, examples are in the workshop/guides...and some minor stuffBut I personnaly think that this game has great potential and a glorious future!"
,Not Recommended,227860,18883497,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Something,"This seemed like a good game, but until you get into it, its confusing and weird. So, you would think that right mouse would control camera or some other button, but no. It takes around like 4 keys, holding them down at the same time and ALSO, moving the mouse around. This game also wont sell well if there isnt other language support. I bought this game 1 year ago and it has NOT improved at all! Controls are clunky, game is super confusing, if you wanna do anything at all. you have to have like 9 miners, 1 warrior and 1 archer. DO NOT, buy this game now but buy it when it is out of access or if they made MAJOR improvements to the game.I wish I got a refund..."
,Recommended,227860,32574402,Posted: 19 June,all,Dave,isn't terribleAi and pathfinding could use some work thooverall 5/7
,Not Recommended,227860,33620844,Posted: 17 July,all,blackie chan,"my computer can run The Binding of Isaac, Total War Warhammer, and Europa Universalis all at the same time at a decent speed better than this game can alone.please god help the framerate of this damn game."
76561198007165194,Not Recommended,227860,8894474,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"well this review is gonna suck lol. i just dont find it fun, cant really point out one specific thing and i cant figure out why i dont really like it but i dont. probably unhelpful review but i dont recomend it,  but i might  revisit the game later on, dont let this discourage you completely.I'd rate.... 4/10P.S As i said i am not sure why i dont like it but yes it very well might be the game style. I would not advise everyone to just not even give this game a thought, but instead look up youtube videos or something instead because im surre some people love this game and you might too. Ima add this to the review lol"
,Not Recommended,227860,14782779,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Trinity,Well they are in-consistent at updating it aswell as the NPC broke they focus on the blueprints not the gameplay... I wish Notch would just take this project over and make it good.. Its like I just took money and burned it LITERALLY!
,Not Recommended,227860,13276557,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,thebobfargo | PornHub.com,The AI are the worst I have ever seen! They just stand there with there♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in there hands when you tell them to perform a task. Once the developers fix this the game would be 10000% better.
76561198006953915,Not Recommended,227860,10050869,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,addictedtotanks,"Its fun for about the first 15 minutes or so, then you get a bug where your workers  will simply stop responding to tasks. Imagine, if you will, playing Age of Empires when al lof a sudden, one of your villages won't do anything. Then another wont, eventually you can't build anything in your task group anymore. Really stuffs you up. Looking at the forum, this seems to be a bug that continues to plague users. Its a shame, I know when I saw it on Kickstarters for the first time it looked hella fun. It really could be a super fun game too, but the bug is game breaking. It could use more than two maps, perhaps one with large terrain as everything seems like small bits and pieces connected by land bridges.I'd say wait for some time, keep an eye on its updates if you really are keen for it. When it appears the bug effecting your workes productivity is gone, then give it ago. Or wait until its like, two dollars or something."
,Not Recommended,227860,14515828,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Chashmodai,"I should've listened to the top reviews and saved my money for some other game. I found out about this game in the early days of development, then forgot about it. Now, today, I found it again and though I'd give it a try - despite the negative reviews. After roughly 2 hours playing, I understand them. At first it worked fine. But the longer I played, the less my Bricktons responded to my commands. At the end, just before I quit, my minions refused to dig a dunnel, despite the pleasant words I gave them and the smooth jazz I played for them. Also, the stockpiles I built before I quit were invisible, and I couldn't manually put stuff in them.I'm sorry, devs, but I cannot recommend this game."
76561198036877677,Not Recommended,227860,13223110,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,KingCrabs6969,Stupid game!
,Not Recommended,227860,14524617,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Microsoft© PowerPoint,"The concept of the game is what will undoubtedly convince you to purchase this game if you have not already... I think the concept is awesome... That being said...  If you dont care about things like... game breaking bugs, or being able to actually build things in a game about building... then this is the game for you... Sure once you figure out what the bugs are and how to work around them you can start to get things done... and thats what a fun game is all about right? Bugs are fun to figure out how to work around... it makes you feel special and smart... also keep in mind that this game is early access so things are still being developed... they are right? its not like the game has stayed almost exactly the same since its been released or anything... I really really wish i could get my money back. For the love of god... i will never back a game or buy early access untill i do more research on the devs themselves... just having a good concept for a game isnt enough. The concept of this game is the only reason its still bearly alive and not vaporware."
,Not Recommended,227860,18394548,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,slushyballs,i have to say it is fun at first but it gets repedetive doing the same things over and over again
,Not Recommended,227860,13968485,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ConhobsGeek,Not welll explained commands and most features only work occasionally
76561198071792256,Not Recommended,227860,14025198,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gravgon,"Yes Version 0.3. it only took adout, 3 years! oh and for those that wonder that this brings to the game? Nothing at all! IA is still broken. But hay, we got beter lighting......."
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,227860,14523005,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,not fun yet
,Not Recommended,227860,16852833,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Boneless Pizza,"Game is in alpha for almost 2 years, do not buy"
76561198064081800,Not Recommended,227860,21035904,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Magis,"I found this game a couple of years ago. It looked like a fine game, with nice happy graphics, and a different gameplay.I believe i am right about the gameplay being ""different""...... you start out with a couple of workers. An update made it possible to go into mines, so you would not dig holes all over your world, to get minerals. But when you have created your very base of your castle, things just goes wrong...... When you command your workers to build the castle a little higher, they just stand there in about a minute and do nothing. Then the night comes, and the monsters comes, and the workers ... well ... they die because they still tried to figure out how to build the castle a little higher.That is probably the biggest issue about this game, even when you cut down trees, the pieces of wood like explodes all over the place because of the gravity. The workers can´t figure out to do something for themselves or something as simple as go through a door, or to drop block of stone, so you have to control all individualy, and how easy is that when you have about 20 workers??Now to the good stuff ...The very idea of the game is great.The graffics are very good.there is different modes to play in, and different worlds.The game is hard, and only gets harder, in a good way.An update that brought a new enemy to the game, that was challenging in a great way.so .. not everything about the game is bad ;)Though, this is only my view of the game.But when i take a look at the price for the game, i say no. Don´t play it. unless you want to use hours to see your workers die over and over again, because they are trying to figure out to do something as simple as going through a door, or drop some stone... xD"
76561198101051127,Not Recommended,227860,8945524,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,KappaFunkCuke(KFC),they dont have a tutorial !!!!!!!!
76561198057258591,Not Recommended,227860,8936778,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,"Dubluv ""Clouds""",To many bugs
,Not Recommended,227860,8823735,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Snake Wildlife,"Unfinished, and broken, do not buy. How on earth did this even get into steam? Its nothing like the trailer."
,Recommended,227860,32299397,Posted: 9 June,all,TimeSauce,Will castle story have any steam achievements? Not inclueding that test achievement... How do you get it?
,Not Recommended,227860,13261804,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Chocoboy,Trying to build anything with these silly yellow blobs is frustrating. It's been a year and I don't think anything has updated in this game. Gross.
,Recommended,227860,34360658,Posted: 19 August,all,Haakonsson,SO MUCH CONTENT IN THIS NEW UPDATE OF 1.0
76561198031448533,Recommended,227860,34374839,Posted: 20 August,all,Nolnag,"Simply put, this game is fantastic. The mixed reviews do not make sense to me on a fundamental level. With the new update this game is 100% polished. An amazing, powerful coop/competitive game."
76561197997595619,Recommended,227860,22971861,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KillFace,"Much improved. Still a lot of issues with pathfinding/idling, difficulty scaling re. mobs, no temporary construction scaffolding, and slow interface due to the selection wheel. Try something more adapted to keyboard/mouse. And it's been early access for forever. A cute game with a lot of potential, but I could have said the same thing a year ago."
,Recommended,227860,22992609,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,🔥 TheFiredragon222 🔥,"Castle story is a game where you get to express creativity by building, use tactics by defending and just all around have a good time. Even though there are still bugs and development has been slow for some time, I think with the recent updates Castle Story is getting back up on it's feet and will just keep getting better and better.Since the last time I played Castle Story (which was about half a year to a year ago) the game has gotten much needed improvements and is a lot more fun. I just think that if you like sandbox/defense style games, then you should get Castle Story."
,Recommended,227860,22917130,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Audi R8 | hellcase.com,"This game is honestly one of the best I've ever played, great physics and mechanics, it has a very small community, but that isn't stopping this game from growing, tons of times have I used the same castle blueprints and even destroyed it myself once. I actually find it really hard to not get bored of this game. It's just so beautiful. With the right amount of strategy and action! :Rubber_Duck:"
,Recommended,227860,22926564,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BITCH,"I liked the game so that it is: a great physics, interesting gameplay and good grafika.Ya did not find bugs in it. As there is only one minus is the price it is a little exceeded.I recommend this game to everyone who loves to build castles:3"
,Recommended,227860,23264545,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pony,"Overall a decent game.There are a lot of things to love about this game. I love the feeling of building up my defenses just waiting for the enemies to attack. The physicals are fun and entertaining and they make building an interesting task. The lighting really shines and provides a smooth gloss over the landscape that make it glow.This game isn't without issues, my beast pc struggles to get a decent framerate and the AI certainly takes its time to get things done. Due to the delay it becomes a chore to micromanage your workers. Definately a fun game to pass some time."
76561198183185905,Recommended,227860,23051401,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TriXioN,"i love the game, i love the ideas and the game is not too hard and not too easy good joob SauropodStudio!"
76561198075128190,Recommended,227860,23202679,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Major Jackwagon,"Think of Castle Story like you are a God of minecraft players and you really want them to build castles. At its core gameplay this game is fun, I haven't done much of survival yet, as I was mostly interested in creative mode. The game has some quirks and some stuff needs improved, such as pathfinding speed. Once you have multiple bricktons working on the same project they get confused at times or have a hard time getting where they need to. Especially if you have two trying to use steps on different jobs, they both sit there going, ""I can't reach my destination."" I feel like this game needs to add more to what it has, otherwise its going to be very short and repititive for people. It has multiplayer but no way to search for players. No good way to get rid of ores you don't want.Pros:Fun building gameNice looking simplistic Graphic DesignInspires CreativityCons:Still has a way to go with polish and game playGlitchy2-3 modes with few levels to play onNo Global Multiplayer"
,Recommended,227860,23254452,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dapper Illuminatist | trade.tf,Ill begin good to worst here.The good: the idea of this game is good. Battle mechanics their fairly good.Building is fun but can be hard. Fun gamemodes.The bad: the game is buggy.  Ai is bad. It was worse but it is still bad. Archers cant aim at cluggy terrain. Corrupttons throw rocks outside my view. 7/10 would throw minicorruptron on archer to make him fly again.
,Recommended,227860,23277963,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DREWSEPH,"Ok so I really like this game however there are some problems that need addressing, bugs.1. Builders getting stuck for no apparent reason2. Builders not following orders, standing around idle for minutes at a time before doing anything.3. Other players being able to unlock your doors in multiplayer.4. Builders not taking from the nearest stockpile.If these bugs get fixed it would be amazing!"
76561198073732144,Recommended,227860,24124899,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Schlonkey,This game is the only Early Access game I'v ever bought in which the devs didn't gve up as soon as the going got tough.10/10 Would hope to persuade you to buy it so they can continue their work.
,Recommended,227860,34354910,Posted: 19 August,all,LegitTeddyBears,"Really fun game, kinda hard.  Nice to see how far its come"
,Not Recommended,227860,29021188,Posted: 4 January,all,WardOfLucifer,"Been in development for three years. Barebones gameplay, even with all that.DO. NOT. BUY."
,Not Recommended,227860,29020108,Posted: 4 January,all,ZachTheNebula,"I had this for a long time waiting for it to leave beta and become an actual game, But still beta since 2013?Pro Tip: Don't buy Greenlight games."
76561198031777870,Not Recommended,227860,19603259,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Terry,"Totally sissapointed by the gui, worst user experience I had in some time."
76561198043454432,Not Recommended,227860,22250358,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/zacthezigster,"Plain and simple DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.An interesting concept wastedThis game is honestly lacking so much, i wouldn't consider this a game but rather a poorly made demo.I know it is in early access, but seriously the updates should add something more to the game, whether its fixes or adds more content.. Each update should be exciting!For Castle Story however, the updates are few and FAR BETWEEN.The developers are sitting back collecting the money while the people who currently own the game suffer.The game is an unfinished MESS that has no end in sight.I've dropped 11 hours on this game, and i wish i could get my money and time back,3/10SAVE YOUR 20 BUCKS FOR AN ACTUAL GAME"
,Not Recommended,227860,20811570,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Kiomaa,Easy:Looks good but it's bad. Unfortunately
76561198050757787,Recommended,227860,21931221,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bkap21,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198087682186,Recommended,227860,22133364,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,bender crack corn n i dontcare,it is a very good game it needs some fixes but its in .0.6.4 so eaven when its at .1.6.4 it will be alot better and still will be very early in progress so it just needs time.
,Not Recommended,227860,18702734,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,NJORDIC,This game was awful when I bought it and still is awful to this day. It was a waste of my money and an even bigger waste of the 22 minutes I played it. I would recomend this to someone who needs to go 'cold turkey' with gaming for a bit because it really does make you look at it and give up hope on all games. This is cancer of games. Do not buy this f*cking game!
76561197985199121,Not Recommended,227860,18731180,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Memberberry,worsen then dayz regarding updates dont buy this devs are not rly doing anything for this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,227860,20711711,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Blitz,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227860,19726042,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,usr_bin | GeneralDenmark,"This game has been in Earlt Access for more than 2 years now. The game creators is working on the game which is good, but IMO this game is never going to get released, even though saying this makes me sad, (this game has huge potential).So all in all - Don't buy it."
76561198079470577,Not Recommended,227860,22164409,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,tree trunks the great,great ideaFun to play (when it doesnt crash every three minutes)cool graphics (before it crashes)dont buy until they finish it if they do cause this game isnnt playable right now
76561198171218257,Recommended,227860,21677360,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheDrunkenIrish1,"Devs can u fix see throught block on the steep mountains, by the way fun game"
,Not Recommended,227860,22245067,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Battousai,The Game has some serious potential to be fun. However the building mechanics are painfully over complicated and slow. The Population mechanics are a little low. Hard to get a good balance between workers and warriors. I wish i had never paid  for this game. looks fun but as of right now it is not.
,Recommended,227860,21828171,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Jako,Can't have a negative review for this game with such frequent updates ;)Keep up the good work guys.
,Not Recommended,227860,14473213,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Eclipse,"A game that once had potential. But over the 4 years its been in early access, it hasnt shown any improvement. The ai is very disappointing because you tell your bricktrons to mine a quarry but they just stand there confused. The ai's pathfinding is a pain because a bricktron will build itself in an unexcapeable situation, so you'll have to either build a little staircase or delete some blocks to get him out. The devs are just plain lazy. They say they're working on the ai, but it just got worse over the 4 years its been in early access.The maps can be frustrating when you chop down a tree and all the wood just flies off the edge of the map. Your bricktrons will always be getting stuck in mines and on ledges, so you just have to let them die when the next wave of enemies comes around until you lose all of your bricktrons forcing you to restart the game.The ui is also very terrible as I struggle to navigate the horrible selction wheels and try to find the right tool in the menu.1/10 HAD potential."
76561198100235806,Recommended,227860,34336834,Posted: 18 August,all,The Flash,Bought this game when it was in early access and I loved the concept of castle building but unfortunately it had to many bugs. Now they game is fully playable! Glad to see the devs never lost their enthusiasm for producing such a great game especially with all the negative comments. Time to build a castle!!!!
,Recommended,227860,24858192,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,StenPett,"It is surprisingly fun to build a castle, brick by brick. Sandbox is really relaxing, and will let you flex your artistic muscles. Conquest and Invasion on the other hand, are not. And with the latest update bringing PvP over Steam, the frenzy of battle has reached new heights. Highly recommended for fans of strategy games, and builders of all ages.Plus, the developers are really helpful, and will frequently stream on Twitch, playing against community members, and showcasing new changes. After the hurdle of rewriting the entire AI, the game has been updated frequently, and with new features almost every month."
76561198046452139,Not Recommended,227860,15015928,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Baconator,"DON'T BUY! creaters left it forever ago ever. once and a while they release an ""update"" that doesn't do anything. they are not finished and its not going anywhere."
76561198281490622,Recommended,227860,25973654,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Maximus,This is a great game
76561198141544485,Not Recommended,227860,17455307,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,radiance,this game control is too difficult and not smart.I gave up to play game 1 minutes.
,Recommended,227860,17235435,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jaygravel,really good game. i like it!!!
76561198053206838,Not Recommended,227860,31890287,Posted: 21 May,all,Dumbapanda,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227860,10310923,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,-Hydra- MrListertheSisterFister,"This game is Truley awful, before i go on sorry for my bad handwriting, english isn't to great. But for all seriousness this game is bad, i bought this game for me and 3 other people expecting this game to be a really unique and entertaining game to play and so far it isn't worth my time to keep up with the updates or anything at this point. I have never seen a crew as bad as this that has taken so long for their best update to be, you can now pause the game play and move your camera around. Thats it.  For three months of it just sitting in my steam library that is the best update it came up with. Not that troops ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ai making them throw logs off the cliffside by the dozens, them nuking your own base due to them accidently shooting a orange gem barrel ( which in all honesty was pretty funny) and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemys that all and all take forever to actually get good fights from them, and on top of all that just their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ build engine. When i saw you can build your own castle and defend i was up for that alll day everyday and when it finally arrived and half the time i can't do any of my builds because the ai's are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots who unless you baby step them all the way will not be able to do anything but stare at the wall and act like what is it you want me to do? Honestly for the amount of time this game has been out, the amount of bugs or problems this game has, and ontop of all that, the lack of work on the developer side makes this game a 2 out of 10. Im extremely disappointed about this game, i regret giving them any of my money to support this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥project that they are clearing not working on, and i regret the amount of time i put into this game in hopes that maybe im just playing this wrong and it'll get better, oh and more importantly the time i put into writing a review about this game, im only writing this in hopes that anybody that reads this will steer clear from it and put their money into something that is actually worth their time."
,Not Recommended,227860,10293626,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,AlphaActual,POS when I bought it. POS now.
76561198079475344,Not Recommended,227860,13233502,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Canned Kangaroo Meat,"I Bought this game at least a few months ago, and its progression has been pretty poor. The company needs to be reworked as a whole to develop a better game. Though the reviews say 'Mixed', do not be fooled. The majority dislike this game with a burning passion. Save your money and avoid the game/Company all together"
76561198121496588,Not Recommended,227860,9048229,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mr Keller,Totally boring after the first week. I suggest you look at other games that are accually FUN!
76561198027706339,Not Recommended,227860,9113113,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Scraftyboy,devs are WAY to sloooooow
76561197985260447,Not Recommended,227860,8918692,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Vault0,Currently just too buggy at this stage to be playable on the mac.
,Not Recommended,227860,9112024,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Engy,This game killed my dog.
,Not Recommended,227860,10960783,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xemotionxlotionx,Games like this are the reason that God stopped talking to us.
76561197971971474,Not Recommended,227860,13211999,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SeriousSquid,"It was a fun concept and simply seeing the mechanics play out for a couple of hours is pretty deligtful but your options are too limited, and there is just something fundamentally wrong in the underlying coding. I don't know what it is; it doesn't scale well with multiple unts and construction AI and physics is broken. It isn't fun. It's dull, and the developers aren't fixing it. In a way I feel sorry for them that they obviously simply can't deliver even a shadow of what they wante to make but it's becomoing too late now.Don't buy this game. There are games out there worth playing and more competent developers worth funding."
76561198022148900,Not Recommended,227860,15872499,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Justin Boss,"Good concept, BAD Game. Lots of bugs. Sorry developers, hope it gets better."
,Not Recommended,227860,25127743,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,TNT Jr♠,"3 years of ""early access"""
76561197989174515,Not Recommended,227860,8117777,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Maes HawkEye,"I am sooo disapointed by this game. In fact, at first I found it really fun to play, as the trailer showed. But there were too many weaknesses, such as the view system which makes the game very very vey complicated to play, or the fact that when something goes wrong the game gives you absolutely no idea of why everyone stopped working and stay there doing nothing, etc... At this point, I though that this game had a lot of potential but it was just impossible to play as it.The main problem is that I don't see ANY improvement with the time, still no tutorial (except for few videos that I don't call tutorials as it is long as♥♥♥♥♥♥and it show you pratically nothing), no effort to make it easier for azerty pads to play, nothing new, the survival mode is empty... Very disapointing when we see the price of this game (even for an early acces game)."
76561198012570363,Recommended,227860,32363028,Posted: 12 June,all,Vinca/Quint csgogem.com,it starting to become a really good game
76561198071244222,Recommended,227860,24768632,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fr0zen,"I have been watching this game for years, and I was fearful it was another pre-alpha money grab, then when a huge update came last month I decided to finally buy it. Are there bugs? Yes. However the only bug I have experienced was very minor and fixed by closing and re-opening the game, with no harm done. Castle story is a game that isn't easy to learn, for the first few hours I experienced things that I thought to be bugs, when in reality they were just mechanics that were not explained and I had no figured out yet.+3 great game modes+Great for creative minds+Castle Building+explosive catapult shots paired with nice destruction physics+great textures and models++devs active in the community+++World editor, still needs some love but recently added and all-in-all AMAZING (complete with workshop to share)+- Multiplayer that can be glitchy+-Patience required, not gonna learn the game in 30 minutes-tutorial needs some work-some minor glitches (then again this is still early access so disregard this one if you wish)-pathfinding will sometimes need micromanaging when too many workers are doing the same thing and get stuck-aside from multiplayer enemies don't have buildings to destroy with catapults :(Would I recommend Castle Story? Yes, though again, patience is needed to learn the ropes. This game is an amazing mix of building, RTS, (medieval?) and strategy that I highly recommend to buy."
76561197999334198,Recommended,227860,24691780,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MrNirost,"Pros:The game is just awesome! It may has some bugs but the devs make sure they are fixed!The devs also do streams on the game with the players which is just awesome! They are listening to the players opinions and also play with them wich is very cool, its awesome to be so close with the devs, to know they are there!The game doesn't get boring and there is always something to do in it! You can download lots of maps from the forums and the steam workshop when it realeased. There is also a multiplayer mod which sounds very cool! (I didn't get to use it yet but it sounds awesome!)Cons:There aren't any cons except one, the game is a bit over priced and I think that a game in early access should cost a little less.As you see, the pros just kick those cons in the♥♥♥♥♥ so you should definitely buy the game!"
,Recommended,227860,24691894,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Eralith,"A Fantastic Game!It was hard to play this game in the early days becouse of the bugs and slow-thinking bricktrons but now its all fixed (or most of the bugs) and its sooo fun to play and i love the concept of this game, building castles and defending against waves of enemy attackers. 10/10!"
76561198059676195,Recommended,227860,18487470,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BartosistaElem,I like it. Maybe the game have several bugs but i think that it is still playable...and fun.
76561198048737245,Not Recommended,227860,18671733,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,xxXCunt_LoverXxx,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥TRUST ME, I AM GARY AND EVERYTHING IS IN CAPS."
,Recommended,227860,24382354,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,K-Wuby,"This game has made a lot of progress recently. Although it is still early access, it has many features that work very well. Most recently there have been updates to multiplayer allowing you to play coop or pvp with your friends."
76561198054419735,Not Recommended,227860,14322907,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pluguglie,Only buy if your the kinda person that can put up with bug filled early in dev games.The game was playable at one point but after an update it was so frustrating to play that i dont even bother.Hope they can make this game into something with more a point.
,Not Recommended,227860,14731749,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,senegrom,Quite boring after a short time. Sparse updates.
76561197992974915,Not Recommended,227860,16211732,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DelicatoBollar,"Despite many years of development, this game is still barely playable.You could perhaps enjoy a whopping ten minutes of limited-content gameplay before the most glaring bugs begin to appear. Your bricktrons may simply start refusing to take your orders, or the game may crash to desktop without an autosave to restore your progress. Whatever it is, you can be certain that the developers of this game have abandoned any real attempts to fix the problem."
76561198016208350,Not Recommended,227860,16855300,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ranman,"Not worth your time or money. I bought it right when it came out and the game was so primitive I couldnt figure out how to do anything. It's been a year plus since purchase and I tried it out again. Barely any improvements.I've only played this game for like 20-30 mins total and it diddnt take any more than that to know that it's a waste of money. The $21.99 they want for it as I write this is ""STEEP"" for what you get.BUYER BEWARE"
76561198022898700,Not Recommended,227860,17687560,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,tekkalord,"Purchased this shortly after it was ""released"" as it looked interesting from the initial trailer video.Attempted to play then and just tried again as of this review.The UI for getting the Bricktrons to do anything is a clunky unintuitive P.O.S.The UI is still such a piece of garbage that it makes me say ""I'll try again in a few months.""This game is why I'm so leery of Early Access and why I pay great attention to user reviews."
,Not Recommended,227860,17764966,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,barusa,"The game has been in ""Early Access"" for over two years and it is still absolute (#@$!  The controls are totally horrible.  It is appears that the game developers have never played the four decades plus worth of games that existed before this game.  The game doesn't follow any standard conventions, they just made $#!+ up!  DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE ANY MONEY!"
76561198014067649,Not Recommended,227860,34407531,Posted: 21 August,all,OdinXivraj,"""Release"" version is full of bugs. Such as my workers losing the ability to work. Tell them to dig a tunnel they move to the location and stare at the wall. Game lacks any sort of tutorial that I was able to find. UI is awful. No tooltips what so ever. Example I couldn't get any Iron Ingots game gave me no feedback as too why, I had to google the fact that I need Iron Ore AND Brimstone to get Iron Ingots. The player should never have to Goggle how to play the game."
,Recommended,227860,32320430,Posted: 10 June,all,Iguana ✪ Camuflada,This game is just glorious.
76561198047289056,Recommended,227860,24746361,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,antsy555,"Castle Story is still in development. I've played it now for a while and I've seen it go from a brilliant concept to a playable game. The UI is still a bit clunky and the controls are a bit difficult to manage (but compared to Dwarf Frotress it's still a walk in the park).All-in-all the game is still at a ""it could be really good in the future when it's more developed"" stage, but despite that, it's still fun to play."
,Not Recommended,227860,28737406,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SCRUB,"Lack of updates, poor AI but lots of potential if the devs actually cared that much for this game"
,Recommended,227860,28267540,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Chickler,"Love this Game, its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. But i cant play such long becuase of the performance, its the badest ive ever seen.Pls fix that"
76561198060504533,Not Recommended,227860,14252889,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ezy,this game is on state of early access over a year maybe two or more. and they have no update as it suppost to. at the time I bought this game it cost 20 buck (US dolla) now this game price is decreasing in many country. and the most importanting is this game is can't play able not like other good early access game. actuary this game should be on state of before early access game and they should not sell it. Don't make a mistake like us.
,Not Recommended,227860,14193844,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MydasKyng,"Disclaimer~ This review is for the game in the current state.I really want to like it, but it is nearly unplayable in the current state. I've been watching this game since the kickstarter, and I picked it up about a year ago. since then, there has been no new content or even updates to try and fix the (very broken) AI. The level editor that was included has been disabled since before I bought the game, supposedly because they are overhauling the save features.I get that this game is in the Early Access, but it feels like the devellopment team was fired a while back. Nothing new, even the claim of an overhaul of the code to streamline things is sounding old now. When there is some minor fix that another team would just quietly release and go on with their day, this team falls just shy of calling a newsconference. My record time for how long the AI took to set a worker to the task I want was 7 minutes wait. The new updated AI looks nothing like they claim to show, and at times runs worse than the old AI did.I made the mistake of getting it when they were talking about frequent updates, but that has proved to be lip service. While the game is playable, the AI make it very frustrating to play at times, and if given the option now to buy it- I would save my money.My advice:Wait for the for the complete version, if that ever happens at this point."
,Recommended,227860,24987057,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Trinfen,"Castle Story is one of the best games of all time, mostly because of the world editer, replayability, and it being a true sandbox game. you can go sandbox (which i wish had mines as well) or invasion, or even conquest. this game will be much better in the future, btw if the devs or anyone is reading this, is it a good idea to make it so you can spawn bricktons, corruptrons, and building blocks?."
,Recommended,227860,25003690,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Insaanity,"This game, as i see it, has a great future ahead of it, even tho it needs fixing and additions, it's still great. The principle of this game is kindof like Stoneheart (search that in the store) but has what that game doesn't, good (kindof) AI. so keep workin' devs cause you got alot'a work ahead of you"
,Not Recommended,227860,28179315,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,pvanderm,"Let's put it this way, It's been at least 3 years in the making and the latest update highlights the ability to climb up objects.If you've bought this game, will it to your grandchildren, maybe they will get a finished product. If you haven't bought it, congratualtions! Spend you money on something worth your time."
76561198012686903,Not Recommended,227860,28193869,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rathkantor,I still think this game has potential to be interesting but as the game currently is i would absolutly say it ain't even worth buying it. Of course it is in an unfinished state so you shouldn't expect much but i do hope they get some better AI in the future and the annoying lags and Pathfinding aren't really something to get a smile on your face in this game.
76561198073325822,Not Recommended,227860,28084982,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TouchMyLemon,Controls are reaaaaally unintuitive. Really frustrating to get into and I've been wanting to play this since they created the kickstarter.
76561198146668753,Recommended,227860,34378560,Posted: 20 August,all,Manuel Pilarczyk,This game is amazing! If you are looking for a game in which you want to build huge amazing castles then this game is exactly what you want! It is a great game for letting out your creativity and having fun while at it! The fact that you can even play with or against your friends is even better!
76561198074326304,Not Recommended,227860,28107615,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sir_Swagalot,"Game crashes every first wave, you would think they might have optimised this♥♥♥♥♥♥by now."
76561198054477669,Recommended,227860,24983229,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BlueWyveryn,".7 brought some pretty nice things to the game. It's far from done, but it's still fun in it's current state."
76561197992365634,Not Recommended,227860,32307288,Posted: 9 June,all,Kyzik,"Saw the 0.9 release and out of boredom and waiting on bigger download, decided to give it a try.I've played castle story before a couple of times to which in my ~8hours the most i've played is using the debug mode to spawn bricktons and soldier for survival mode.In general concept it is a good game if have the patience. But as far as review goes.. just doesn't do it for me.+ : Good sounds, funny with bricktons fighting the enemy units.+ : Building blocks gives room for creative designs for castle.+ : Automated ai now, that rallies itself to construction/harvest site flags.+ : Decent graphics and simplistic style is nice, anti-aliasing could be better though to make smoother looking.+ : Smallish Download 1.4gb+ : Nice music that goes along with the game.+ : Day and night looks good with lighting.+ : Nice intro into game, no installation problems.+ : Hotkey for tabs F1-F(X).- : The menu screen has an un-needed looking grey/blackish transparent box in middle.. I don't understand why it is there and puts me off, it doesn't highlight the buttons. Just have the castle story bright background.- : Main thing that annoys me is the interface with setting tasks. Feels clunky and complex. And when bricktons have finished gather resource from flag, it still remains there. As a new player again, hard trouble just trying to deselect and deleting misplaced bricks. The quick-circle i don't like using cause of the time delay to bring it up, doing it many times adds up and makes the game feel slower. When i have something i want to deselect i naturally press esc, but that brings up menu.- : Sometimes in conquest 3 enemies can surround your workers very early on..- : No edge scrolling with mouse?- : Playing the game with only 5 bricktons at start is a bit slow for me, prefer mode or 'command' that could spawn more and then see a town full of bricktons constructing.- : The terrain you spawn on can be bad, just a single slip of land with huge mountains on side can feel claustophobic, barely any room to place storage blocks.- : There is a couple dialogue boxes ""storage/blueprints"" that isn't showing up constantly (bug?). Makes for infuriating construction. Then if you misplaced a block, i've tried to tell bricktons to delete/deconstruct it and it is not happening.Too annoying to play is why thumbs down."
,Recommended,227860,23108416,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Universum,"Been in development for many years and still has game breaking bugs, on the conquest map stone does not turn into bricks so you pritty much cannot build anything worth while.Edit: I was contacted by a staff member of Castle Story, apparently not a bug just a gameplay misunderstanding. My only real Con then would be the tutorial could use some work as abit of gameplay you do have to figure out on your own. Still a entertraining game, hope to see more on it in the future."
76561198080184601,Recommended,227860,24691779,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Aerzhs,Love The game great fun with friends on any game mode. creating your own maps and playing them with your friend is Awesome. Great game overall rate 5 stars should get game Enjoy :D
76561198002755899,Not Recommended,227860,17374347,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,=RWG= Devils_Demon,"Seemed cool when i bought this in 2013. Nothing has changed and the UI is difficult at best. Buy minecraft instead, if you own minecraft already just burn your money, its better spent that way."
76561198152771484,Recommended,227860,25636592,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Morningstar,this game is awesome i havent really found any problems for the game only thing was my bricktons not responding to me but somtimes you just have to reload the game nothing major but besides that its a great game! :D
,Recommended,227860,21921901,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheRedSand,I waited until the latest patch to buy this game. So far not having any regrets.
,Recommended,227860,25712325,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Himadman66,"this game is great the devs are commited and are shipping out regular updates. sandbox mode was added fairly recently and i can't get enough of it. the streams every friday are great if i have any questions. i would highly recommend this game if you like sandbox style strategy games 9/10one man, a few hundred bricks and a dream is all you need to get dominated by your friends in the multiplayer or by the devs looking at you shatojon  (>.>)"
,Not Recommended,227860,17371681,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[EMPOWERER] Azathoth,Tutorial is infuriatingly slow and not well put together. Played this game a long time ago. Came back to find not much at all had changed.
76561198065110187,Recommended,227860,35004678,Posted: 16 September,all,icefireman99,"Overall the game is fun. But after a while it is just very repetitive...As of Version 1.0:After learning how to get iron and brimstone faster through quarries.. The game is a little more fun.Building: The building aspect of the game is kinda lacking... It's very slow and requires a lot of resources to make a castle. Definitely needs more building options in future updates.Resources: Need more things to do with wood. I ended up having stockpiles of planks and wood that I had nothing to do with. I had every workstation I could possibly make and just overcut trees.Bricktron (workers/slaves) mechanics: Pretty solid mechanics. They work in auto mode, you can move them around to different tasks. Sometimes they get stuck by freezing; possible bug.I would recommend this game if you can afford the price, $25 dollars is not worth it if you ask me."
76561198067731341,Not Recommended,227860,29231783,Posted: 13 January,all,Justinking91,"I have always enjoyed the concept of being able to build your own base and defend it in the way that you like; this is what originally drew me to castle story. When I started playing around 2 years ago, I had so much hope. At that point, I never found a game quite like Castle Story. While I am glad that I did find the game as it has yielded some interesting gameplay, I would have to regrettably not recommend this game.While castle story does do a good job of offering the chance to build yor own base in the way that you see fit, it seems that it is encumbered with basic issues that make the overall experience much less enjoyable. An example of this was today, when I decided to come back and test the game, which, having happened after an update to the game, made me update  my save files, rendering them to sandbox mode from their original invasion mode. This update has dramatically changed the core gameplay of the game and I believe that it is worse for it. It has taken the little joy that I have felt towards the game out.I will come back again in a few months and hopefully be able to update this review positiviely, but only time can tell."
,Not Recommended,227860,29433767,Posted: 22 January,all,MadViking,"Let's start off by why I do NOT recommend buying this game.Personally I loved the idea of having a ""GOD"" game where you could micromanage the whole building construction and plan out buildings in advance.But this is becoming like the DayZ of GOD games.Each time you launch it to see if they have fixed anything since you last played, you just end up finding more bugs.f.x.AI: The minions, after a while they become unresponsive and don't follow any commands. Your new game can work fine for a bit and then when there have been too many actions performed they stop reacting and moving altogether.Even with the devs best efforts, the updates have been minimal and at best bandages for the game. (Last update 0.8 - 22.12.2016)There are still huge flaws in the game and some of those should have been fixed even before the early access release.This game is a fun idea and nice spin on both pvp and basebuilding games, for the first hours I really did enjoy the game and how it was styled but a huge let down is the development speed.Considering the early access release date for the game: September 23, 2013, the game has progressed at snail pace and I suspect that it will never leave early access and if it does, It will be in 2035.Wait for the ""full release"" if it ever comes out."
,Not Recommended,227860,17413337,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BladesofD00m,DONT BUY PLS THE DONT EARN THE MONEY SUCH A WASTE
76561198099249659,Not Recommended,227860,17419987,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Core [21 Créw],hi one thing IT IS LAGING AS HELL WHEN I WAS ABOUT TO BUY THIS I WAS VERY HAPPY BUT NOOOOOOOOOOO IT RUNS AT 4 FPS I WAS HOPEING THAT IT STOPED DOING THAT SO I WISH I LIKED THIS GAME!
76561198108061705,Not Recommended,227860,17438914,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,happy21,the totorly is not fun and the rast of it
,Not Recommended,227860,8011620,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Booloo,"The conspect is such a good idea, but theres just too many bugs atm, its totally unplayable"
,Not Recommended,227860,15116487,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,KassaK,"Don't buy this game, it's another fake project ;)It's dead now."
76561198017871005,Not Recommended,227860,15515480,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Einhart,"Don't buy this game.I might change my mind in the future, but as it stands right now, this developer is probably the most incompetent and lazy I have ever seen.  I don't say that lightly.  They claim that they've spent more than a year refactoring and rebuilding the game engine, meaning there have been a total of zero content updates for upwards of three years.  Nothing has changed because of that.  Performance is still crap.  The game still crashes.  Save games still get ♥♥♥♥ed up.  There's still only like three maps, and the map editor has actually been turned off because it's so unstable.The glitches, bad performance and downright dysfunctional AI is what lies beneath the otherwise cute and attractive concept and presentation.  Notch was right when he said he wishes he had made this game, because it's a goddamn disappointment and he'd have done a better job of it.You thought Starbound was a scam and that developer was a goddamn liar?You haven't seen Castle Story.  This is one of those games that people point to when they say early access sucks."
,Not Recommended,227860,15708542,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MrCory,They made it seem like this game was nearly ready two years ago.I come back and check every once in a while to only see small bug fixes.I am tired of waiting for game changing features...
,Not Recommended,227860,7570957,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Weatt,"Worst game on steam, do not get unless you feel the fact of an A.I. with the sense of a forgetful two year old is a role model for the position of building a castle that won't get completed while your guards don't defend, workers don't work and archers just stand there idling like a bunch of babies."
76561198101660842,Recommended,227860,12748963,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Johnp92,"I had a negative review of this game that I'd like to review as this game went through a phase where there wasn't much going on and it appeared as though the devs didn't care anymore, however it seems as though they're gaining traction again and developing the game so if this keeps up I'll recommend it as a work in progress."
,Recommended,227860,24937203,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yikes,"Castle story what a game. Amazing concept,Cute graphics. what could be wrong...well  thast the thing there is alot of potential in this game. But after play a good 20+ hours it gets kinda dull and gray.Pros:Great building systemNeat graphicsFun to play with friendsAmazing conceptEasy to learn hard to master type of gameWorld editor and steam workshop mapsVery fun to playCons:Bugs/glitches (yes i know its still in early access)Boring after a whileSmall community= Less custom mapsNo public servers/no ease of access servers (because hamachi can be hard to use sometimes)Not enough content for 20$ (again i know its still early access)In conclusion castle story still has work but the things that are there are pretty good. But it gets boring after about  18+ hours and for 20$ the aint enough content in it YET. Its an amazing game you should try it out and see what you think."
76561198028020873,Not Recommended,227860,27933574,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spider,Early access ... trash . Unfinished after 3 years . Still laggy and unpleasant to play.AI is trash.Don waste your money or time.
76561198039261399,Not Recommended,227860,13353437,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cole998,The workers are dumb and I got a Trojan Horse from installing it.
76561198085711410,Recommended,227860,25553147,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,nick jerks fatty wangs for free,An awesome experience it stays so close to the show it almost feels like an intractive episode. Even if your not a turn based rpg fan this is definitly one you wanta check out.
,Recommended,227860,13756160,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Macaroni Smiles,"Havent played it in years, so my opinion doesn't matter."
,Not Recommended,227860,8113536,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Zudamour |00Riki|,even though its still young and has LOADS of kinks and problems to work out and get a detailed tutorial the game is kinda enjoyable. once you finally figure out how to do things on your own your pretty much set to go. good game and theres fun to be had.Edit: originally i liked this game when it was released. but now i decided that after 4 years of this game not even getting out of early access ive decided to say i would not reccomend this game. the developers are lazy and have not fixed a damn thing on this game. if it ever gets outa early access which i doubt this may actually be a fun game. till then do not buy this. do not even bother playing this.
76561198148205134,Recommended,227860,31068074,Posted: 10 April,all,Currihane2,"Good game but it would be nice if there actually was a tutorial, rather than having to find out by yourself. Otherwise, Awesome game!"
,Recommended,227860,9821372,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,(TRC)Reaper,"this game is very enjoyable and fun, but this game hardly updates which will annoy you and probly will make you stop playing the game completly, after the long wait for an update they DO have alot of stuff that the fixed and added, so in my opinion i would wait for long updates then have 1 day updates like tf2 thats just bug fixes ;P"
,Recommended,227860,24753560,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[KZG] Neilz,"Be prepared to rage a lot. Your bases will get destroyed and your bricktrons will idle, even with work available, and your knights will be useless when compared to archer spam. Even with all that, Castle Story is still fun, its nice to watch as your castle goes from a tiny single tower holding all your archers to a massive fortress that holds siege engines and thousands of archers. I've never touched the multiplayer though, never found anyone willing to join me."
76561198044873014,Not Recommended,227860,9655650,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,VietyV,"Edit: Do not buy this game. The devs have pretty much abondoned it in it's extremely unfinished state and it is not worth any money now that there is no hope it will ever be a good or even functional game.This is a very cute and fun idea and is still developing, however like other games like gnomoria that are also early access right now the mechanics are very limited still and the in game tips are pretty much useless, you'll spend the first hour clicking everything getting flustered trying to figure out how to do basic things. If you want to support the devs then buy it now, if you want a good game you can play for hours then wait till it's more developed which may take quite a while as it seems very slow to develope at the moment.The graphics style and the build your own castle stuff is pretty fun, the combat system is pretty bad right now your warriors kinda derp around and let all your workers die despite the knights being strong enough to kill enemies in one or two slashes. AIs overall need more work."
,Not Recommended,227860,15285753,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,SonicGotNuked,This Game i got 2 years ago and it is still bad i cant play more then 5 min without ALL the AI freezing. It is a very buggy game and STILL buggy with little progress Dont buy this game its a waist of 20 USA bucks
,Not Recommended,227860,18304678,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,dogu64,Game looks really funny and nice. I like the idea but the game itself is still in Early Access and still not finished. Nearly 2 years ago realeased on Steam and got the last update June 11. I don't think this game will be finished.Not recommended until it gets a release
76561198043872992,Not Recommended,227860,14815768,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,XStewminator,"Non-playable... I've tried to load the game, but the moment i get in the characters dont move. The game stops, but i can still move the camera, it isnt paused and i dont know what is happening... not worth your while..."
,Not Recommended,227860,14849978,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,The Welshman,absolute garbage dont waste your money totally broke devs dont listen money down the pan
76561198076525376,Not Recommended,227860,14912577,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Commander Raymond,"Please DO NOT support people like this, all they do is put out games to take peoples money. I got ♥♥♥♥ed by Towns and I got ♥♥♥♥ed in the butt by these guys too when i bought this game in 2013"
76561198037810742,Not Recommended,227860,14974010,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Watermelon Eater,"Just want to buy a game to play it?Then don't get this game.Even after the (mini-)updates it's still not very enjoyable to play andlooking on the time they need for updates, it'll take longbefore the game is really enjoyable."
76561198012102532,Not Recommended,227860,15127619,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,dblclkmatt,"Imagine a castle building game where you build dense walls to survive hordes of enemies, and use soldiers and catapults to repel their swelling mass at your doorstep. That is not this game. At least not the way that you might imagine it.I am aware that the game is still in beta when making this review and I can forgive things like work queue locking up, or the path finding of the workers taking them around the map instead of through the door I built for them. However, that does not excuse the terrible selection process, which is pivotal and my primary gripe.I purchase the game over 6 months ago, played it, got frustrated with it, but I did not condemn it. I reserved my opinion with the it's beta status in mind. So I came back recently, hoping that game had advanced and ironed out the problems. They did advance it and supply two game modes instead of one, and some prefabbed worlds, however my biggest issue still remained.Selecting your units is hit or miss, at best. Don't trust the drag select box. and don't trust shift/ctrl selecting either. You have select individuals and give them commands as individuals... assuming you can select them. The cursor will hover right above the intended target and somehow the hit box is not responding. So if you're ever in a pinch and you need to move your workers, might as well kiss them goodbye. You click frantically to simply select them and they die in the process after one hit.It was very frustrating seeing how my next issue is with the recruiting of new units. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've two dozen little stars floating around my crystal... why are they ALL used to make ONE unit? When later on there are only a few stars and it seems to be enough for that one unit. Hell, sometimes I've got plenty of stars and I can't make a unit. It was inconsistent and made no sense.The game otherwise is fine. Not really edge of you seat type stuff, but it fills whatever child-hood need there is to build massive structures with nothing but blocks, and then see it crash down when you knock it down. Not much in the sound department, and the graphics are very bright and friendly. I wish the enemies had more to offer, however since it's really easy to bottle neck them and shower them with arrows.With the problems, and low replay value, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,227860,15806225,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pikachu,"don't wast your money buying it, it won't even be half way done within 4 - 5 years, and its still has the same bugs and glitches from 2013. GOOD JOB!"
76561197978984074,Not Recommended,227860,15807670,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,danb3ach,This game has not been finished properly. My numerous attempts at playing it have been a waste of time. The programmers create 3 new bugs when fixing an old bug.
,Not Recommended,227860,15976720,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Knight Artorias,Burn the MC ripoff
,Not Recommended,227860,16083367,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Artur McCloud,"Followed the dev since release, not much has changed.."
76561198176706502,Not Recommended,227860,16160119,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,castlecrasher505,I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197968914746,Not Recommended,227860,16242269,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rumisglass,I expect early access games to take awhile but there has been little change in over a year. Wait to buy until Early Access it done. You might get your worth then.
,Not Recommended,227860,16253208,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pantaquad,"Granted I only played this game for 40 minutes after buying it a couple of years ago, but that was because the AI was awful and the gameplay was so slow that it didn't feel like I achieved really anything in the time that I played. I reinstalled it recently to see what had changed and it seems that in that time the only real change is a new thod of building and new graphics, that would be great if the game actually was fun to play but unfortunately it seems the developers have decided to focus on adding new art, shaders and animations, when what it really needed was some gameplay speed increase and better AI, and most importantly, some sort of reason to play, at no point after leaving the game did I have any desire to return because there didn't seem to be any point.Overall, the developers need to get faster at working on the game, and make sure that the changes they make are big ones because your game could be the best looking game in the world, but it doesn't make it fun, which it isn't in its current state."
,Not Recommended,227860,16273167,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Space King,"There's just not that much content. I haven't touch it in over a month but by this point I feel confident in knowing that I probably don't need to. Buggy as crap and all around limited in scope. I bought the game because of the trailer. What they offer is completely underwhelming by comparison.Let's just put it this way: if I had bought the game recently, I'd have implemented Valve's new refund system."
76561198063396656,Not Recommended,227860,16328036,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ArcticPhreeze,"They're allowed to still call this game ""Early Access""? It was first put up a YEAR ago, and there's been absolutely no progress on it.Which is sad, considering that the game's not bad in concept. But nothing works in the game. Nothing. People have reported various small bugs over the past year and they sometimes get looked at, but when have the devs ever tackled a larger issue?Who cares about a new material to work with when your workers get themselves stuck all of the time? Who cares about survival mode when the game is literally too lagged out to respond to what you're doing? I looked at the updates and thought things had changed, but of course, they haven't. They probably never will.Would not recommend. I couldn't even play through the tutorial again, my Bricktron just places the log in the circle at the very start and it rolls off the side of the island (Good job with that one, game devs) and it just never continues from there."
,Not Recommended,227860,17062228,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheSadSnowflake,"Playeda fair amount, Unfortunately some of my time reset?. It's okay in concept but not really put together all that well at the moment, I'd love to like this game but it's currently really buggy and i know it's alpha/EA but i can't reccomend people buying this YET. Maybe one day."
,Not Recommended,227860,17950732,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DragonLight,"Been in Early Access for 2 years now, very little to no progress. Updates....very scarce. Don't bother with this one at all."
76561198211268465,Not Recommended,227860,18000524,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,lucasagus285,THERE IS NO FLOOR SO MY BRIXTONS CANT MOVE NOR GATHER RESOURCES. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK !!
76561198037132847,Not Recommended,227860,18025783,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Timbo Slice,"steam wouldnt give me a refund for this pathetic game and its developers, i hope you rott in hell for stealing my $20 #&@holes"
,Not Recommended,227860,18055003,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Fray-Dog,"yeah, so no."
