user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198046821830,Recommended,228280,32258717,Posted: 7 June,all,kjhsd_dolph,"This is a playable and really solid port of the classic game that stays true to the spirit of the original.I run it in Linux and it is solid. And to see my favorite game on Linux is amazing.After 20 years, the game still holds magic.If you are looking for the latest, glitzy, high-graphics, this isn't it. But if you love tactical combat RPGs.... you *have* to play this game."
,Recommended,228280,7765875,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Azimuth,"The original Baldur's Gate is one of my favourite games, second only to its successor and is a game any rpg fan must play. Due to its art style for a game that came out in 1998 it still holds up well today. Graphically this game still looks beautiful due to 2d painting-esque backdrops and thirdperson isometric viewpoint.The gameplay also has an incredible amount of depth to it and the combat is very tactical and varied depending on the class you play and the party setup you choose. The game is also from an era when games were unforgiving and actually provided the player with a challenge. The combat is similar to Dragon Age: Origins where it can be free-flowing and action oriented but it is highly recommended that players take it slowly and utilise pausing to setup properly between rounds during combat.The game being built upon the ruleset of Advanced Dungeons and Dragons has a lot of depth to classes and the classes will all playout and feel very different which offers a lot of replayability ontop of just choosing and adhering to different alignments.Also due to the game being built upon AD&D and being set in a D&D realm the game has an incredible amount of history and backstory in there that the world feels real and is incredibly dark and gritty which ties in great with the dark tones of the main story.Without spoiling too much of the story it starts with very humble beginning and quickly thrusts the player into a world descending into turmoil with bandits and bad guys wanting to kill you at every turn you must uncover the sinister plot that is unfolding and discover your own dark heritage in the process.I would wholeheartedly recommend this game although I will warn that there is a lot of reading involved and that the combat is designed to played slowly (unlike diablo and games of its ilk) and very tactically but for those that love a game with a great story this game is undoubtedly one you should play."
76561198091388696,Not Recommended,228280,22170218,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nightstalker7271,"I am posting this on both the review for this game, and the first in the series, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced edition.I absolutely LOVE this game, and everything about it, and the other game in the series. I loved the combat, the UI was tight, everything was well-polished when Beamdog re-released the game. I was actually in the middle of a run through the entire game on the hardest difficulty with only the main character...Before IT happened.The update to Siege of Dragonspear affected both games, and it's been nothing but negative for me so far. I can no longer access the Command Console (used for fixing the many glitches that can happen here and there), the UI is buggy and, when it does work, is clunky and, frankly, ugly as sin itself. My saves have all disappeared into the wind, and my character's data has become ridiculously bugged (Level 34 at the tail end of Throne of Bhaal suddenly turning into a level 17 with all of the items from her run through BG1 and 2? What?) and more.Before now, I would have recommended this series in a heartbeat. This game, nearly two decades ago, defined and revived a dying RPG era. But now? Now it's nearly impossible to play. And, unfortunately, it was the fault of the people who brought it back in the first place.--HOW BEAMDOG CAN FIX THIS---Implementation of the old character and save game formatting-Option to use the old UI-Option to turn the Console Command on and off IN GAME. The steps to do this in the first place were a nightmare in and of itself.--Things that COULD help--- Scale the difficulty levels back down a little. Insane difficulty jumped from enemies doing 50% more damage to 100%, and Legacy of Bhaal makes the game nearly unplayable.As it stands right now? DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME. It pains me to say that (as you can no doubt see from my time in this game), but as it is right now, it's not worth any money."
,Recommended,228280,12663379,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Draay,"This. Was. My. Childhood.9/10.would have been 10/10,if the Steam version included putting in a new disc every 5 minutes."
76561197977665955,Not Recommended,228280,22170856,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[EcG] Point Man,"I had just gotten back into Baldurs Gate and was loving the experience. I had never beated BG1 upon its release many years ago, and I was enjoying going through the world before BG2. Right as I got into the swing of things they released the update today 3/31/16.The character models look chartoonish, the journal now pops up, items now obscenly flash their stats if you even pick them up in your inventory for a second. It seems dumbed down and thats unfortunate.If there was a option as a previous reviewer mentioned, of reverting back to the old format, I have no doubt I would again enjoy this game and look forward to completing the saga. As it stands now I own't be playing until that's an option. And as I paid for both games, and the product has vastly changed, I feel slightly cheated."
76561198271477305,Not Recommended,228280,22175840,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fingard,"I was so happy of being back to BG, when suddently, this morning, THE UPDATE happened.Cartoonish graphics, clumsy UI and a BIG BUG.What to do: don't buy the game.What to do if you already bought the game: don't try to go back to old graphics, like I ingenuously did this morning by clicking ""use alternative rendering"" (or similar) in graphic options. It will crush the game and you won't load it anymore.What to do if you already bought the game and caused the crash: write to the support and wait... Wait... Wait..."
,Recommended,228280,32776409,Posted: 25 June,all,Phaeron,"My dear modern rpg players... This is exactly what gaming community needs at this point. Modern ''hack and slash'' rpgs like  Dragon Age 2 have taken the creativity and freedom from our hands and forced us to limited stories and play styles. Even one of the best rpgs suffer from this: Skyrim (without mods) dont offer any sort of story that you can feel attached to, even main quest has  simply become a chore to do, and sidequests simply became an mmorpg quests compared to earlier games of the series (Like Oblivion's Dark Brotherhood quests now THAT is a piece of art).I am not going to talk about how Baldur's Gate  games are the best or something like that, since i am only roughly 10 hours into the game, and i have never played the game before, except seeing my elders playing it from time to time back then when it was popular. However i can talk about the care that was given to this game. All of your companions have their backstories and proper aims that you can relate to somehow. Quests are really fun to do, there are loads of varierities also: One moment you are going to a city to solve a problem in mines and few minutes later you find a chicken that speaks. That is awesome if you care about the fun stuff rather than graphics.Graphics are not the strong part of the game due to its age, but game's looks are more than acceptable when that age is considered. Controls and gameplay however are more than acceptable, when considered to modern rpg games of this kind like Pillars of Eternity. Soundtrack is, although bit repetetive at times, is good but i would recommend using shift tab to listen some custom rpg soundtracks.Like i said i have only played the game for few hours, yet my friends who played this game tell me that story is really interesting, and considering the care which was given for side quests i will consider that true, but i will update the review once i finish the main storyline.I can imagine myself spending my entire summer holiday trying to grind whatever quest there are and simply not leaving my room like a true nerd that i am. Game is also very easy to run. You can download it to your laptop and have fun wherever you go. I think there is even a mobile version.However if you think that deep written rpgs are not your thing and doubt whether you like this game or not, i would suggest asking yourself which of the following game are better: Fallout New Vegas or Fallout 3 (or Dragon Age Origins VS Dragon Age Inquisition) . If your answer is the latter, you might very well pass the game, however  if your answer is the former and you have never played a game like this; Congratulations, you have found your new favourite game.You see a good rpg game doesnt only give you new swords and armours, it also asks a question. The question is not just Good or evil, that is simple, In Fallout:NV question was whether you would pick Authoritianism or Democracy, and i could see myself 2 sides making good arguments, in Dragon Age: Origins it was smaller moral dilemnas that lead to a one great answer. A simple is sidequest is not only a simple sidequest in a good rpg game. Unlike other games, Rpg games expect you to actually learn who you really are in the way of simple texts in the screen.Almost 20 years after its release game still can be considered a fresh air in these dark times of dlcs and repetitive quests and stories.Game is currently on a sale right now, and i would suggest every rpg fan to buy this game. A ''must have'' as you can imagine.Some of my friends told me that price is a bit high in their countries,but thankfully this is not the case for me."
76561197998538689,Not Recommended,228280,22217184,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Pelmaleon,"Not much enhanced here - if anything the game is dehanced because of hamfisted changes to the UI which remove a lot of the fantastical charm the original Baldur's Gate had and replace it with an ugly, mostly black one (no more stylized dropcaps at the beginning of item/book/weapon/gem descriptions, tacky black backgrounds behind tooltips (instead of the charming scroll that used to appear), popup speeches during action scenes, and journal entries, ability to scroll off the maps and see blackness which cuts off the on-map scenery, etc etc etc). They have also decided to not include their own version of a detailed, colored map seen here from the TuTu modhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B174_ETCloInstead, they used the original bland, tan parchment paper map with the added feature of immersion-breaking font!Feels much more like a fan-mod with mediocre (and sometimes anti-intellectual sjw) writing (or removal of writing *cough* Safana's dialogue has been erased in favor of vacuous, humdrum scribbling *cough*) instead of work on the same level of greatness that was the original Baldur's Gate.I'm still going to play it so I can transfer my character to Siege of Dragonspear and play through the rest of the series, but if this is the team that will be making Baldur's Gate 3 if they get enough funding for it, my expectations will definitely not be high. I wish there was a one thumb up and one thumb down mixed option for steam games. If there was I'd choose that instead of a thumb down. The game is still good, but many of the changes push it away from being great."
,Not Recommended,228280,22223383,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Maximum Sloth,"Great game...when it works.  I currently have 24 hours ""played"" and of that 24, approximately 5-7 are actually playing the game with a friend.It's currently a mess when trying to play co-op, which is the only reason I purchased the enhanced edition.  2+ hours attempting to get ONE GAME working.  This isn't a one off either, each time we try to play it takes 30+ minutes just to get the game functioning for both of us.  Either one of us crash or he's kicked out of the game (""multiplayer session terminated"") for no apparent reason.  We both left the game paused when not playing just to avoid having to go through this again, and guess what happened?  Yup, we left the area and the game tried to autosave...he got kicked right out of the game with the beloved ""multiplayer session terminated"" message.We tried again, leaving the game open after it worked (our longest play-session so far has been 2 or 3 hours before a problem), and it crashed when auto-saving.  This is over a LAN network as well...If/When these multiplayers problems are fixed, I will definitely change my review to positive.  Until then, I can't recommend this game, especially if you're looking to play with friends.Edit: Been playing some more. Encountered a bug that prevented my co-op partner from moving. Seems to have occurred after I interacted with an npc. His screen goes gray and he can't move until I talk to an npc.  Occurs (e.g. his screen goes gray and he can't move even after unpausing etc.) when transitioning to a new area, pausing for battle, and saving the game.We had to exit out of the Baldur's Gate and start the reconnect game again to fix it.Edit 4/16/16:Game was patched and now connecting and staying connected is no longer a problem.  Looks like they broke something else though.  Can't play co-op AT ALL without the save game being corrupted.  This is with cloud saves off.  I tried hosting and my game now crashes when entering a new area after the update...no matter what save I use.  I tried joining a co-op game with my friend and we were able to play up until beregost, then every time he tried to save the game crashed ME, not the host.  Started a new game.  Played until Beregost.  Game randomly corrupted all the save files (quick saves, manual saves, etc.)... except the save at the very beginning.  I'm done with this broken game.  Wish I could request a refund, but unfortunately I'm stubborn and tried to actually have fun and play the game...of the approximately 40 hours on record now, I believe 15-20 were actually playing the game.  The rest was idle time or trying to fix the myriad of problems."
76561198022057251,Not Recommended,228280,22215366,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,JinJin,"Bought for Siege of Dragonspear. Game is unplayably buggy in Multiplayer. Over an hour to manage to even open a game in way that every player actually has gear instead of an empty inventory. Game crashes every time I save in multiplayer. Switching hosts the game now refuses to unpause for me. So everytime the game is saved or otherwise paused, I can not unpause until another player talks to an NPC which unpauses the game. Restarting the game fixed it. Continued playing only to discover that the key ring is buggy and any keys added to it just disappear....Don´t buy this broken mess if you have any intention of playing with friends. Singleplayer seems to work so far."
76561198023673948,Not Recommended,228280,22211727,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,dr.f00,This is an attrocious re-release of a beloved classic. It's as if they wrote more bugs into the game somehow.Don't even think about trying to get a multiplayer game together. The technology present in this piece of garbage has only gotten worse since 1998.
76561198137117692,Not Recommended,228280,22207997,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,heckcat,"It's been years since I played the original, but my son and I thought it would be fun to spend the weekend buying this and playing on multiplayer. No luck. We can't get it working at all (although we haven't tried installing 3rd party software to get it to work).I have a ticket in to them asking for assistance, but if I don't get a response, I'll ask for a refund. I'll update if I hear from them."
76561198014972540,Not Recommended,228280,22186712,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Perlin,"I baught the game, started the story, and I see ""placeholder"" everywhere on the first green character I talk with.OK, i will save the game and wait for a patch. I click on ""menu"", I go to ""save"", I click on ""save"", and then the game crash.Seriously?"
,Not Recommended,228280,22225049,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,veelckoo,"This remake/remix is actually worse then original:- Crashed on me more times during single play session than oryginal during whole playthrough.- Interface worse than oryginal- Black pits -new adventure that is not the part of the main game A.K.A ultra easy mode where you can bump a character to level 9-10, equip it with very powerfull items  and then import to main game starting with uber character- Costs twice as much as original saga.+Only upside in my opinion is the possibility to play in high resolution and added graphic zoom in/out functionality.Was expecting stable remake with some graphic enhancement but got unstable game in which I have to quick save every 5 minutes to have any miningfull progress."
76561198046091455,Not Recommended,228280,22228072,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jimjgsr,"EDIT, 10/8/16 This like so many things from the 90's is best left as fond memories.On 4/1/16 under the guise of an update BGEE was hit by a Kusoge Spell !! I tried to save it,so many wonderful people in the Steam community offered help to try and combat the evil crashing and loss of hours of gameplay and worst of all the beta rollback did not work.It gave me achievements I didnt do , when scrolling the map it does not stop , my screen goes to black,when trying to create characters that Evil Crash strikes again."
76561198026375479,Not Recommended,228280,22222908,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,winston,"Beamdog: Please fix the multiplayer in this game!!!!This is obviously one of the most amazing classics of all time, and Beamdog's enhanced editions are fantastic. I have been very happy to drop cash on this company and its great reworked versions of these games. But somehow the latest update (the new expansion) has broken multiplayer. I used to play BG: EE multiplayer with a friend, and now neither of us can reliably connect to the other's game.It's unacceptable... Please patch this right away!"
76561198020159378,Not Recommended,228280,22224105,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kevinkierstead,"I'll keep this short and sweet.  This is no longer the Baldur's Gate that we remember and love.If you want to play something that is not the vanilla version of BG1 or BG2, then use some of the many, FREE, STABLE, mods that have been available for years.Sorry to advertise for someone else on here, but go toGOG.com... it's cheaper, and better, and then grab EasyTuTu and something like the Gibberlings3 Tweaks (just don't go too nuts with all the tweak options)The only reason I have this version that I have tried is from a friend losing the original copy of the game after I had loaned it to him, so he paid for this to replace it."
76561198036138272,Recommended,228280,7752131,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,lordratio,Baldur's Gate was the first RPG that could capture the essence of table top roleplaying experience. The Enhanced Edition allowed me to relive the original expirience with enough new material te keep things interesting. It is based on the AD&D rules and thus can be a bit confusing to new platers. Overall very entertaining both for new and experienced players.
,Recommended,228280,14068594,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Koen,"Baldur's Gate is truly a masterpiece. Despite it's beauty, tactical depth and great story, the game does not take itself too seriously. This cannot be said of many other leading RPG titles, which I soon begin to find rather corny. If you like RPGs and have not played Baldur's Gate, then this is an absolute must, you do not even need to waste your time reading this review but of course you are welcome to. If you have played the original BG and are curious about Beamdog's boob job, I share with you my opinion.The original game's two main lackings are native widescreen support and Linux support (I use Ubuntu/Mint). Interestingly, the Steam store lists BGEE as a Windows/Mac title, while BG2EE is listed as Windows/Mac/Linux. Both titles run perfectly on Linux since the latest patches.The reason for me to buy Beamdog's re-release was simply curiosity. Where would anyone find the guts to mess with this classic work of art? What would they change about it?First looks and User InterfaceMy first impression of BGEE was honestly not that great. It was still before Linux support was added. The aesthetics just turned me off. The changed logo, the sword with the text ""Enhanced Edition"", the user interface which had it's old-skool goldish buttons replaced with red ""open-missile-silo-doors""-buttons. It all just took away some of the original game's magic. Perhaps mostly nostalgic feelings on my part.Once hours inside the game the UI didn't really bother me anymore. Since recent updates, I was pleasantly surprised by the ""Quick loot""-button that was added to the bottom panel. This made looting a whole lot easier, since it is no longer necessary to check all the corpses individually for good loot, potions, scrolls, etc.More aestheticsNot only the UI has had a makeover. The movies are also replaced. The new ones are not 3d-animated like the old ones. The new movies are built from nice artistic drawings. The drawings look really good and are accompanied by the trusty old sounds of the original game.The character models have also been updated, though they are still not 'HD'. The pre-rendered environments are still the same as in the original BG. These were already stunningly beautiful anyway, no need to make changes there.GameplayThere are some major changes to the gameplay. Characters are now created in the same fashion as in BG2. This means that not only can one choose from various classes, but many classes have kits to choose from, with each its own abilities and restrictions. Also, the Half-Orc is now a playable race as in BG2.Weapon proficiencies are also updated to the BG2 standard, which means that the points are no longer put into groups of weapons (for example there used to be one group of large swords, containing two-handed, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and long swords and another group of blunt weapons, containing staves, maces, clubs and hammers). The new system forces you to choose specific weapons, thus making switching between various weapons in the same group impossible if you have not spent any points on the other weapon.Because of the relatively low level cap in BG1, you will find each character using one or two types of weapons throughout the whole game. This is not a problem, but it is a significant deviation from the original. The weapon styles from BG2 have also been added. This new proficiency system works really well at the higher character levels achieved in BG2, but has minor shortcomings in a game where characters reach level 8-10 and thus do not have too many points to spend.Two-Weapon FightingAs mentioned before, the weapon styles from BG2 have been imported. Two-Weapon Fighting is now also possible, which adds lots of fun to the game. You are now able to shred your opponents in seconds, sacrificing the protection of a shield. While shields in BG are not too powerful and one can easily manage without, dual-wielding is somewhat (if not more) overpowered. My Half-Orc berserker has 3 attacks per round wielding dual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swords. With 19 strenght, 3 points in two-weapon fighting, 3 in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword and berserker rage (granting protection against hold, fear and other hazards, plus combat bonuses) he is an insanely strong melee fighter, one you would never encounter in the original game.Special abilitiesI mentioned the berserker rage, but many of the class kit abilities are very powerful. Some good examples are the priest of Helm's Seeking Sword (3 attacks per round with huge THAC0 bonus) and True Sight. The newly added ""Shadowdancer"" kit with its hide-in-plain-sight ability is also quite powerful, being able to backstab, hide and backstab again. There are many more new abilities that will aid you in your fight against (or for your own) evil.BalanceThe battles in BG1 often used to be insanely difficult, but they were not designed for all these newly added features. This makes the enhanced edition somewhat less challenging than the original, but still very challenging. Only the greatest tactical geniuses would complain that the game has become easy. You should consider putting the difficulty slider one notch to the right compared to what you were used to in the original. Because of all the new additions, you will be well equipped for some tougher beasties.New adventuresFor me, not too interesting. They are not of the same quality as the original storyline. Then again, that quality is extremely rare. If you do not like the new quests then you can always just skip them.ConclusionThe enhanced edition is a welcome re-release of a brilliant game. It offers some great improvements while leaving just minor scars.+Native support for widescreen and higher resolutions+Native support for Mac and Linux (no more messing around with Wine)+Zoom function (though when zoomed in the game looks a bit crude)+Quick loot function eliminates the hassle of searching every corpse individually+New kits and abilities add fun+Bug fixes+Beamdog still provides updates, they have shown their love for this game and do not seem to have done all this for some easy cash (unlike some others).-Aesthetics (mainly logo and user interface) could have been better/more faithful to the original-The balance and difficulty of the game are slightly compromised by addition of the new kits, abilities and two-weapon fighting."
76561198040488723,Not Recommended,228280,22231580,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"Don't buy any BG:EE or Siege of Dragonspear now for a good reason : the late update is totally buggy, you can't play multi without crashes. WAIT to be sure they will fix it !"
,Not Recommended,228280,22229744,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MacRaven,Only reason i bought it is to play with a friend. Remembered playing it back in the early 2000's and wanted to share the awesomeness but the multiplayer is broken. I hope it gets fixed and not just thrown to the side becuase they already got the money from me.
,Recommended,228280,12603679,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Infernal Machine ☠,"One of the greatest games of all time. The Enhanced Edition is still the same great game but with a few new companions and quality of life improvements, such as loot/item, chest/container, and character name highlighting when pressing tab, as well as a zoom function. The new companions are pretty nice. I played a lot with Dorn Il-Khan, the Half-Orc Blackguard, which is an evil and twisted reflection of the lawful good paladin, and I really like him a lot. He is an interesting character with a cool personality, and has an awesome class kit. He really adds a lot to an Evil party. The improvements and companions are not essential by any means, but they are nice. A lot of people complained about bugs when the EE was first released, but I'm happy to say that with the 1.3 patch, this has been eliminated. I played through the whole game and did not encounter any noticeable bugs. If you have never played Baldur's Gate, this is definitely the definitive version of the game, and the one to get. It's a 150+ hour game, so even at the full price of $20 you get your moneys worth for sure. If you have played Baldur's Gate, buy it on sale and enjoy a great excuse to replay a fantastic game.Update 2015: I have completed my playthrough and review of Baldur's Gate 2 Enhanced edition. You can find it at the link below.http://steamcommunity.com/id/infernal_machine/recommended/257350"
,Not Recommended,228280,22205797,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Brackstone,"Multiplayer has been, and continues to become even more broken. With the latest patch my friends can no longer connect to my server despite multiple troubleshooting attempts. This game has always had multiplayer issues and it is not getting any better.With the latest review from Kotaku its clear that this isn't a professional company concerened with taking the old Baldur's Gate and bringing into a new era. Its a cheap port with barely any new enhancements except for Social Justice! (tm)If you want to playt this game to relive Baldur's Gate - Stay AwayIf you want to play this game to relive Baldur's Gate and do it with your online friends - Stay far away.Amber Scott - Writer for Beamdog:“If there was something for the original Baldur’s Gate that just doesn’t mesh for modern day gamers like the sexism, [we tried to address that],” said writer Amber Scott. “In the original there’s a lot of jokes at women’s expense. Or if not a lot, there’s a couple, like Safana was just a sex object in BG 1, and Jaheira was the nagging wife and that was played for comedy. We were able to say like, ‘No, that’s not really the kind of story we want to make.’ In Siege of Dragonspear, Safana gets her own little storyline, she got a way better personality upgrade. If people don’t like that, then too bad.”"
,Recommended,228280,17327476,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Metal Bison [33rd],"Special thanks to a good friend who proof-read this review; they said they wanted to remain anonymous, but thanks nonetheless.**Steam has finally allowed me to update this review! Now you can read the complete assessment here instead of venturing to the comments.Unlike many of the individuals who have purchased this title, I had not previously been exposed toBaldur’s Gatebefore this variance made its way onto the Steam store; I can, however, say that I anxiously awaited its rerelease on Steam, and even purchased it at a much higher price-point than I ever had and would with any other title.Baldur’s Gateis a game that deserves its praise as a classic open-world roleplaying adventure game based on the Second Edition (2e) of theDungeons & Dragons (DnD)tabletop d20 game developed by the late Gary Gygax;Baldur’s Gate, followed by theNeverwinterandDragon Ageseries, supports theDnD 2ecore roleplaying game mechanics. As an avid player ofDnD 3.5and3.75e (the Pathfinder system), I had not experienced much prior exposure to2eother than that which I researched online and from my older Dungeon Mastering books, and, therefore, was able to viewBaldur’s Gateas an original concept instead of ‘just anotherDnDadventure path.'Here are some things that I found particularly enjoyable aboutBaldur’s Gate:Connectivity toDungeons & Dragons- Right down to the equipment, combat tactics, roleplaying capabilities, and intriguing characters,Baldur’s Gateprovides the sheer thrill of roleplaying that is offered by the tabletop renditions of theDungeons & Dragonsgames. The game utilizes a simultaneous real-time and turn-based approach to combat, which will be described under the Gameplay portion of this review. Included in this title are six playable core races, a multitude of classes that influence each character’s style of play, the ability to multiclass, and the capability to interact with party members, which further enhances (no pun intended) the roleplaying experience. Since it utilizes the same mechanics as those in the tabletop roleplaying system, concepts such as THACO scores, Initiative modifiers, and alignments make an appearance; to those that are not familiar with the concepts, they are very simple to grasp and there are online guides dedicate to bothBaldur’s GateandDungeons & Dragonsthat aide newer players in learning the roleplaying system.Gameplay - As stated previously,Baldur’s Gateutilizes a combat system that is both turn-based and real-time in that actions rotate between characters within a confrontation as a sequence depending on each character’s Initiative score; basically, whoever’s quicker will end up going first in the rotation. The game also employs a simulated d20-or 20-sided die-roll to resolve the degree of success pertaining to given actions such as lockpicking and attack actions. Outside of combat, players can speak with other characters, both in and out of their own party, which may alter a given character’s alignment status. Some characters also have the ability to perform certain actions such as picking locks as a Rogue archetype (pressing V while out of combat), or casting passiveCharmspells on non-player characters for specific gains. In all, the system is so intricate and open that you can practically do whatever you want, within the game’s limitations, of course. There is also a multiplayer component toBaldur’s Gatein which you can import characters you have created and play with friends throughout the game.Truly Open World - At the beginning of Baldur’s Gate , you are given a background story, a sufficient reason to proceed through the main campaign’s questline, and the chance of receiving your first companion character. That’s it. From there, you are free to explore the massive map however you wish while obtaining side quests, battling formidable foes, and gaining companionship with other notable non-playable characters. There are also game modifications (mods) to expand the map and the game’s story. How much more ‘open’ can you get?The Black Pits - If you are searching for a different pacing outside of the massive world within the main campaign, then the Black Pits game mode is for you. This story is primarily driven by combat, in which your created party of six must fend off waves of enemies who utilize various tactics and themes in order to liberate your team from the Black Pits fighting arena. As straightforward as this may seem, it is extremely fun in a tactical manner, and permits the player to enjoy the core combat mechanics of the game without having to worry about the text and speech components; of course, there are secretes to be found within the Black Pits proving grounds.TL:DR - Like the person I would like to dedicate this review to, this game is an ‘original’ soul with intricate mechanics that will either make or break you. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open-world, roleplaying, or strategy titles, and would highly urge Baldur’s Gate to those who play tabletop roleplaying games, especially Dungeons & Dragons . Thanks for reading.Do you enjoy these reviews? Please visit my Curator Page atSpearpoint Reviews."
76561197974735696,Not Recommended,228280,22207917,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Viper,"A buggy game got a terrible ""upgrade"", stay away."
76561197994803955,Not Recommended,228280,22214433,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,theLazyGamer,"One Word.... TERRIBLE.While I have an exstensive experience with Neverwinter Nights, This game is completely confusing. I never even made it all the way through the Tutorial. It started getting confusing when the first npc you talk to kept interupting me while I was trying to do what he said. ""open the map"" he would say, so I did and in the middle of opening the map he would interupt me and keep telling me to open the map, This was constant with every new thing the npc wanted you to do. The next headache is when the the combat trainer wanted you to cast a spell and constantly told me I hadnt cast a spell yet even though I had emptied my spells. It appears he wanted me to cast his spells, now why would I cast someone elses spells? Then the jerk wanted me to rest so I could memorize my new spells... For the life of me I couldnt find the rest button in any of the screens (inventory etc...) he told me the rest button was in... I gave up after that. While I commend the devs for making this game available on Linux, I also curse them for that because if it hadnt been made available for Linux I wouldnt have wasted an hour finding out this game SUCKS...."
,Recommended,228280,9128379,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Lord Nargogh,"Nicely improved version of Baldur's Gate.At first I was sceptic because of existence of free module BGT, but the longer I played, the more I enjoyed it. I shall focus on the differences between this and original version.Pros:+ Improved graphics with the possibility of zoom+ Additional 6 specialized classes+ New NPCs - I really felt that there should be monk and half-orc NPC recruitable. BG:EE adds them both+ A few new quests and locations+ Much clearer character/inventory screen. I found it extremely handy.Cons:- The new content doesn't add much of a gameplay. Two-three hours tops - which is very different from the description of the game.- The Black Pits are completely separate from the main game. Which caused that I didn't even care to play them - if I can't use the new experience earned and items found in the main quest then what's the purpose? Just some random battle simulator in the BG rules."
76561197979576451,Recommended,228280,7750614,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BlastOff,"This enhanced version does a good job of bringing a true classic into the modern age. They changed very little, hammered out some bugs and made it easily playable on modern systems. There are other versions out there and plenty of fan-made mods but this is perfect for folks who don't want to spend time installing a lot of random things and tweaking the game to get it right."
76561197991986415,Not Recommended,228280,22227664,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,john1231,multiplayer in LAN is buggy as hell.
,Recommended,228280,25788793,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Classics are often thought to be timeless for future generations to enjoy, but the same cannot be said for Baldur's Gate—and it's not because CRPGs are uncommon. To go blind into BG in 2016 is practically impossible because how modern expectations are at odds with the brutal accessibility of '90s computer games.Baldur's Gate, simply put, is an sarcophagus; it is a coffin of a bygone time of design philosophies and of late '90s player expectations, immersed in the counter-culture of D&D and of fantasy-fiction that is written in its code like hieroglyphics to modern eyes.  The game's reverence is both a nostalgic call-back as well as an appreciation of BG's systems as a traditional role-playing experience.As someone who has started with modern CRPGs (Wasteland 2, Pillars of Eternity, Divinity: Original Sin), it is difficult to recommend this game as others are more forgiving, even with BeamDog's inclusion of Story-Mode. However, if you can adjust your expectations and give the game some time it may prove to be as enriching of an experience for newcomers.We're THAC0, and AC-0 and--What?Perhaps what many might find hard to believe is that Baldur's Gate is not a difficult game; it's a game that lacks the conveyance to understand it. (Although this comparison is often misused, it's like Dark Souls in how you have to know things before you play.) This is because the greatest hurdle of mastering BG is to understand its language, Advanced D&D.The game literally brings the rule-set of AD&D that only that '80s to '90s tabletop fans would understand. The tutorial goes only so far to explain the UI and controls; it doesn't explain how combat is tallied nor what key factors will improve your odds. (The key three reminders: THAC0, your chance to hit; AC, your chance to deflect/dodge; and you want BOTH to be low or negative values.) Another issue is the dialogue box doesn't list the calculations to show what you're doing wrong nor is there an in-game codex to explain it, so you will need the manual or a Wiki page on hand.All of this is said from someone who has played Pillars of Eternity for 110+ hours on hard mode without a guide. I had to play Baldur's Gate on Novice with Wikis and video tutorials. (Even then, I still often died for all the various status effects.) This highlights that the game's coherency is the issue, not the difficulty, although the game can be feel frustrating because of its systems' unclearness. (Ex. How do you know what is an Evil spell that you can protect against?)BeamDog has somewhat addressed the difficulty with the inclusion of Story-Mode (only v2.2). If you want to play in its original form Novice and Normal is as hard you should play. Story-mode removes the permadeaths and offer a lax experience to enjoy the narrative. Unfortunately, BG lacks a sweet-spot for people who are not familiar with AD&D; you either make the combat too repetitive or too brutal.In several cases, neutering the difficulty will rob you of the enjoyment of BG, especially in the most D&D areas such as Durlag's Tower. The plot, the ""non-linear nature"", and systems revolve around how brutal of a game it can be and how BG can be forgiving in its own ways. I would like to think one day I would tackle the game on its own terms, but the time required to invest into one series feels too much to ask.The BioWare RenaissanceNostalgia is often reserved only for fans, so it must say something when I felt it having never played BG before. The reason for that feeling is because many of Bioware's core ideas are found in BG. (Some for the better—and some habits are hard to break.)The companion system is the first relatable aspect for Dragon Age fans. Although there are twenty-eight companions, they are often caricatures to establish their personality and stick to their tropes. It works because you are meant to exchange companions whenever they die as they're irrelevant to the plot. The result is that it's not their personalities that establish their character but what happens during gameplay that fosters  your attachments. Characters' deaths are quests; interruptions to the storyline that shape how you get through with the lives you can save—or reload from a quicksave.As someone used to modern BioWare titles, it's hard to let companions die for good because I've been accustomed to the characters being part of the experience. It's a change I personally can't agree with, but it isn't a flaw; it's an interesting deviation.Another similar aspect is the cliché storyline coupled with subversions that make for some interesting moments. The story was a D&D taboo for its time because of how the storyline revolves solely one player, not the party, and the formula of ""One person must stand against a great evil"" has ever since been applied to BioWare's games.In terms of its world building, it's great for fans who know the references to D&D. However, it remains interesting for non-fans who are clueless because you cannot ask random NPCs for information about the game's world, factions or beliefs. It forces your attention on the smallest of details and to read the lore. For example, the moral alignment system is only one aspect that handles the complexities of the lore and game mechanics just fine in this adaptation. (For the most part...)The game's biggest issue of its moral alliances is how numerically rigid it is. Towards the final chapter, you cannot kill too many guards before your good party members leave you because your reputation points were lost. The result is playing the final act to the Benly Hill theme. The greater problem is how mechanically restraining it is to develop a party of various alignments when the variety helps to keep the party feeling lively. It's a great idea on paper, and with a Dungeon Master to give it some leeway, but as a videogame it feels too gamey.Unforunately, that issue is not the only story-related problem. What can also be taken from BG is BioWare's problem of having endings made into cliff-hangers or being in media res at the end. BG1 ends after one small hurdle has been accomplished, shortly after a major revelation, before foreshadowing that the experience isn't over. Then it knocks you back to the title-screen with a save file for BG2. The conflicts of the main plot with Amm and Baldur's Gate are not even addressed in an epilogue.It's quite telling how Mass Effect and Dragon Age have carried on this  tradition of having issues to resolve each game's narratives with a fulfilling climax. In BG1, the problem is taken even to a further extreme. Your level cap isn't 1/4th of the level cap of BG2, and chances are if you are not a completionist you will stay at Lv 7/8. The end game will feel as though you are just establishing your character, getting into the world-building conflicts, and then it ends.Whatever Greatnesses Arise are Destined to Beneath the EarthCivilizations are doomed to fade with time, and the same can be said for Baldur's Gate. Its legacy lives on in modern BioWare titles trying to recapture the same feelings, with various levels of success, and other games have adapted its ideas for modern audiences. In some way, however, the classic of Baldur's Gate cannot be repeated in modern times as it's a vestige of games long since forgotten.If anything killed the late '90s CRPG craze it was the games themselves. Their inaccessible barrier for entry, among many other issues, isolated them into obscurity and further made whatever wonders they created lost to modern eyes. If Baldur's Gate isn't for you, then know that it probably wasn't meant for you. Baldur's Gate Reloaded may be more accessible as it uses Neverwinter to recreate the experience as best as it can be done. However faithful it may be it won't recapture all that makes BG what it is.That is the magic of Baldur's Gate."
,Not Recommended,228280,22196002,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,||__Crayola__||>,Many hoops to jump through. Enhanced edition is poor wording.
76561198089194462,Not Recommended,228280,22226098,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Capta1nBlood,"“If there was something for the original Baldur’s Gate that just doesn’t mesh for modern day gamers like the sexism, [we tried to address that],” said writer Amber Scott. “In the original there’s a lot of jokes at women’s expense. Or if not a lot, there’s a couple, like Safana was just a sex object in BG 1, and Jaheira was the nagging wife and that was played for comedy. We were able to say like, ‘No, that’s not really the kind of story we want to make.’ In Siege of Dragonspear, Safana gets her own little storyline, she got a way better personality upgrade. If people don’t like that, then too bad.” -Amber ScottHow do people like this even exist?A true classic destroyed by the modern progressive."
76561197995207174,Recommended,228280,32166027,Posted: 3 June,all,Danuab,It's Baldur's Gate without the stress of installing multiple CDs.
,Not Recommended,228280,22248318,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Poroner,"I've heard great things about this game and when I started playing and saw the gameplay, the ideas behind it and the story I was instantly hooked but... with the recent updates happening to it and the bug ridden mess it is I simply cannot recommend it. No matter how good this game is the developers managed to break something that was pretty much perfect for 2 decades.The problem I had with it is that I simply couldn't progress. It's not allowing me to, getting stuck on doors and the edges of the map. Completely broken, I tried all the fixes listed online, none worked.Clunky UI compared to the original one and they pretty much removed a lot of options like the console the game had.Game is a mess. If you can go find the original version on retail. You'll probably enjoy it more."
76561198030750920,Recommended,228280,18783974,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Covfefe,Baldur's Gate beginner guide:1) Buy and install Baldur's gate.2) Start a new game.3) Spend 2 hours rerolling ability scores during character creation.4) Realize it's already midnight and you have work tomorrow morning.This game is the reason I can now add 6 double digit numbers in under 2 seconds.18/10
,Not Recommended,228280,22227067,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,pepincity,"I had never played it when it came out, I'm sure it was groundbreaking back in the day, but this game is not fun at all. All the rich elements of dungeons and dragons are there, but none of it is at reach because of all those restrictions. all those spells don't matter when  you can only memorize 3 at a time, and all those weapons mean nothing when anything kills in one blow but everyone keeps missing their attacks. I played with the core rules and I regret it, permadeath is stupid, and even a little kobold can kill you in one shot.It takes an eternity to level up and fights have no need of input from the player: you just wait and pray nobody dies. A mage could do spells, so there are decisions to make; but they die too easily, or their spells are used, so they are out of the picture. it doesn't feel rewarding at all. I didn't have fun.It's at this point that I realise that I just don't like D&D, the philosophy behind all the characters is very thin and doesn't fit reality. I hated that two party members left me because they thought I was too evil... after killing a bounty hunter that attacked me first. I hated the bard that made fart jokes; the guy literally says ''PFFFT, hooh, that was a sharp one'' when you click on him. There's also the necromancer that says creppy things, but whines like a baby 50% of the time; what's up with that? It's wierd, juvenile and unappealing to the point of disgust. There is no way, absolutely no way, to think that the characters are interesting or developed.But, I do appreciate the fact that there is close to no hand-holding. I really did. No pointer, no arrow, just you and the world."
76561198017561364,Not Recommended,228280,22208496,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"eye cancer:atm the char outlines look like sh*t. no idea why this is the standard option. not sure if u can fully return to prepatch looks. personally i prefer the original bg1 looks over this, but u might wanna check it out yourself.overall ok-ish, however get the original (non-enhanced) (with tosc) first, bc the updated ruleset is quite a gamechanger, since this is much closer to bg2:SoA than to bg1. also new classes etc..4 new chars are a mixed bag.& be sure to pass the sequel. too much brainwashing via progressive mindflayers. dreadful.immersion broken.why negative? they broke jaheira. i liked jaheira.>get the original first. check the graphics on this one. skip the dlc.more context of what went wrong:http://gameranx.com/features/id/47159/article/trying-to-understand-baldurs-gategate/http://nichegamer.com/2016/04/04/tale-dragons-memes-dragonspears-writing-horrid/"
,Not Recommended,228280,22241473,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sisha.InJoker,Multiplayer not working... no reason to buy until they patch it. Seems a refund for me.- 'Joining Session Bug' when joining a game- 'Clients Paused Forever Bug' After main character death (tested)
,Not Recommended,228280,22226879,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Waffen,Thoroughly regretting this purchase in the light of Beamdog's recent terrible decision making.
76561198042105119,Not Recommended,228280,22261456,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dzcarpenter,"The new update is awful.  It was wonderful before.  Lots of nostalgia.  And in an attempt to update it with the release of Siege of Dragonspear (which I won't be purchasing if the layout from the update is any indication), the UI has been rendered cartoonish, and terrible.  The attemtp at putting in a patch to allow us to revert back to the old layout failed, and the game constantly crashes.  Just terrible."
,Not Recommended,228280,22235417,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PratzStrike,I don't recommend this version of the game. Go get the original anywhere else and play through that. This just pisses me off.
76561197982844462,Not Recommended,228280,22228025,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,brassi77,Political propaganda is not for games.  I want to play games to escpae this♥♥♥♥♥♥ not have it forced down my throat.  I just want a game to be fun in a fantasy world that is devoid of the hot political topics of the real world.
,Recommended,228280,29366670,Posted: 19 January,all,Blast X Blast,"I love this game...Baldur's Gate is probably my favorite game of all time, and I say this as someone who never played the original when it first came out. In fact, I never experienced BG until around 2012, when the enhanced edition was released. Since that time, all of my MMORPG subscriptions have long since expired and no other RPG has even come close to blowing my mind the way this one has. Now keep in mind that when I first played this game I was used to games like Skyrim and Mass Effect, and here we're talking about a game in which the original was released in 1998. None the less, I really took to this game and it has easily become my most played game on Steam. This is probably the greatest compliment I can give the game: the fact that I have over 350 games on Steam, and yet all they do is sit in my steam library while an enhancement for an old game (that I don't even possess nostalgia for) completely dominates my attention. I'm telling you...it's that good.As for specifics, it's very hard for me to put into words just what it is about this game that is so special. For me, it's so many things, such as the D&D license, setting, and lore. I love the classic AD&D ruleset and the way it was implemented. I enjoy the rich and diverse NPCs, their unique personalities and abilities, and how they mesh together and make every playthrough unique, depending on which ones you choose for your party. I enjoy the fact that your character can be imported to BG2EE (which I also purchased, but from Beamdog) and leveled all the way to 8M XP. It provided something to plan for, and look forward to...and watching your character slowly come together and gain the power you imagined for it is a uniquely satisfying experience. It doesn't come instantly - it takes patience. No instant gratification...there are plenty of RPGs out there that cater to such. But to learn this game, and stick with it, and really involve yourself with it, I promise you, you'll be glad you did. To call it rewarding would be an understatement. I can almost promise you that you'll enjoy it.This is a super, super game. No doubt. For me, it's the computer gaming experience of a lifetime. I simply cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,228280,15149104,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,AlphaDiode ©,"An AD&D adventure set in the Forgotten Realms. The Grandaddy of all isometric (top down) open world RPGs. The Gold Standard from 1998 by which all others of its type continue to be weighed, measured and found wanting. And while it's nice to see a resurgence of newer titles embracing this classic genre, Baldur's Gate is still yet to be dethroned as far as I'm concerned by anything that has come along since in terms of gameplay, story and immersion.Although the graphics were revolutionary for its time, they're obviously well dated by today's standards. But once you get drawn into its story, colorful NPCs and atmosphere its technical limitations just fade away and it still holds up just fine.Kudos to Beamdog for bringing this classic into the modern era of PC gaming.Play it again.......for the very first time"
,Not Recommended,228280,22239894,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Daniel,"The game in it self is as awseome as you would remember it.However, this version of the game is filled with bugs. It claims to be easy for multiplayer, it is not. It is filled with connection issues. The game crashes a lot. I have also experienced that the game freezes when pausing in multiplayer. And loading some saved files also crashes the game."
,Not Recommended,228280,22250129,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Retro Armadillo,Ruined by the Siege of Dragonspear update. Oh well.. it was good while it lasted I suppose. Time to crack open the old CDs for the standard edition from back in the day.-buggy as all hell-crap IU-WTF writing making Minsk anti gamergate?Look.. I don't care if the devs are pro or anti gamergate. Sticking a reference in here about gamergate is just... crap writing. <sarcasm>I'm sure no one will find the reference to gamergate dated.</sarcasm>An otherwise fantastic game ruined by a crap 'upgrade' studio. Avoid it and other games by this studio like Tucker's kobolds.
76561197970861139,Not Recommended,228280,22263929,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Anrita,"I deeply regret purchasing this game.  The developer, Beamdog, recently created the expansion DLC ""Siege of Dragonspear"", which, among other problems, includes real-world social issues like Gamergate, which obviously make no sense within the context of Faerun, in the dialogue.  Worse, when people try to point out these problems in the forums, Beamdog bans them and/or accuses them of bigotry.  Not only are they abusing the intellectual property of one of the most-loved CRPGs of all time, but they are also engaging in unethical conduct when dealing with dissatisfied customers.  I regret letting them have any of my money, and I would encourage you to avoid making the same mistake."
76561197993211276,Not Recommended,228280,22251338,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Suldar,I am not happy that the game was changed without my permission in a major way from the version I chose to purchase. I plan to play it again soon and I'm concerned I will run into the same bugs as others. I believe that I should be able to opt out of updates if I so choose. I will update my review when I play my next game and after backing up my save files.
76561198750319017,Recommended,228280,34467137,Posted: 24 August,all,plebeian.glenn,"No clue how I missed out on this for fully half my life (I'm 30).For forever I'd been looking for a deep, strategic, and story-driven game to while away my time on a low-end laptop. Who'd have thought an almost-20-year old game would be that missing puzzle piece?I'd turned up my nose to so many ""classic"" PC games in the past, stupidly thinking that modern graphics were the be-all end-all. Funny, considering my all-time most memorable gaming moments happened in games like Call of Duty 1, Battlefield 1942, and Guild Wars 1.Not being a DnD player, and thoroughly despising the vast majority of ARPGs and MMOs, the entire combat system in Baldur's Gate is a huge breath of fresh air. It's gotten me so interested in DnD that I'm going to my first ever DnD night, all because of BG!This game has also piqued my curiosity for a whole generation of PC gaming classics, some of which I know I can play through Steam, and some of which I'll have to find alternate means of playing. Who the hell needs so-called AAA gaming when so much of it is rubbish, and ""retro"" games like the BG series can keep you hooked for hours and hours.In-game, I haven't even reached the city of Baldur's Gate, and yet I feel like this game has more than paid for itself a dozen times. I'm already planning how to roll my next character - a lawful evil Elvish mage. Would be nice to not have Dorn leave my party on account of my heroic rep.TL;DR: Thank you Baldur's Gate for opening my eyes to a whole generation of classic games that will provide me years of gaming joy."
76561198276471836,Not Recommended,228280,22258863,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,swansong,"Game WAS great fun to play while I could play it. Once Steam updated I lost game. I contactedsupport@beamdog.com. Followed their directions. Reloaded game, reinstalled openAL, 32 bit, etc. Nothing worked. Game crashes and won't open at all. Only thing left to do is request a refund."
,Not Recommended,228280,22441479,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sloth,"While I would love to give this game a thumbs up - The story is interesting and well-written(as far as I have been able to get, at least), it's fun to play, the dialogue by characters is entertaining(again, as far as I have gotten thus far), it has amazing roleplaying potential, and the character customization(skills, skill points -not aesthetically) is really deep-But I play this game online with a friend and the online is beyond broken. The game will crash randomly, not once, or twice in a blue moon. No, it crashes INCESSANTLY back-to-back-to-back. At this point I can't even play with my friend, as everytime he joins and I try to save the game, it crashes. Not to mention that we are playing on a LAN connection. A LAN. And still the multiplayer is horrifyingly broken.In fact, I can't even play my save game without him, as regardless of whether he is in the game or not, whenever I try to save - it crashes. It also tends to corrupt your saves, if you're trying to play multiplayer, without rhyme or reason. We also had to roll back multiple saves, losing hours of progress, because the game decided it no longer liked X number of saves.We've started up 4 new games, after hours of play, simply because we could not continue on a save game we had invested time in, as it became corrupted or the game decided it was done allowing us to play that save game.So if you're looking to play with someone, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198083994533,Not Recommended,228280,22219500,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,D.S.,"Купить за сотку и забыть на полгода в надежде, что пофиксят баги и приведут озвучку/интерфейс в порядок. Купил исключительно ради сетевой игры с друзьями, увы, ошибки, невозможность подключиться не дали насладится игрой. Как показывает статистика в обсуждениях, данная проблема не редкость.P.S Если вы НЕ играли в Baldur's Gate и раздумаваете, стоит ли попробовать, ответ, однозначно, ДА! Но не в эту версию."
,Not Recommended,228280,22241376,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tymast,"I would not have bought this game if it had the graphics of the update. I was happy with the old look, the game that I wanted,  not the game who ever is behind the update has turned it into.  I cannot reccomend this to anyone who wants Baldur's Gate that they remembered."
76561198057357190,Recommended,228280,11853701,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Axz,"Don't let my hours fool you, I have mutiple copies of the games physical disk.(Some of these referances may be of BG 2  and IWD 1 / 2, but while the details may differ slightly the point is the same.)Baldurs' Gate is everything a game should be.It's hard, but has a scalable difficulty so if things are too hard or too easy you can change that. However XP gained is also lowered with the difficulty so while you can make it easier, it gives you a good reason not to lower it.It's long, but can be SO much longer. By following the main story you can miss a huge portion of the game but it'd still take a lot longer to complete than just about any other game out today. If you decide to do everything then you have got a friend for life, it's very simaliar to The Elder Scrolls / Fallout series in the sense that if you want to max' it out, you REALLY have to put the work into it, but in a FAR more varied way. (Black Isle were involed with the production of Fallout 1 and 2 and to this day Fallout and The Elder Scrolls still share similarities with  The Forgotten Realms, but that's another story......)It has a very good story that unfolds based on your choices. There are so many ways to do everything, if you need a certain item try convincing the owner to part with it. With a high enough charisma you can make him think it's cursed, you could have a thief try to pick pocket him, you could buy it from him, maybe he wants to give it to you because of all the good things you have done, maybe he won't EVER give it to you because of all of the bad things you have done, you could earn it from him or just flat out kill him and take it. The story is the world itself, what is happening in it and what you will chose to do when you are given the chance.It's very well written and acted. The people who came up with the dialog covered everything, you would think trying to talk a guy out of committing sucide would have easy choices and results right? Wrong. Every option you chose could rely on many different factors, some of which can be random. You can never be sure of what will happen as a result of what you do, regardless of your intentions. You'll find yourself saving and loading everytime you are given a choice, simply succeding in a task doesn't mean you couldn't have done better. Voice acting is what they ment it to be, if you are talking to someone who is trying to be serious, you're not laughing at them. (Like you did during the intro' to Resident Evil 1 ""Stop...... Don't open.... That door!"")It treats you like an adult. It won't give you a gray marker that is on-screen 100% of the time telling you were to go, if you don't know, open your journel and find the entry that refers to your current objective (or maybe pay attention next time).It won't let you retry something that you messed up, you messed it up, next time pay attention (or just load.... It's easier).It has a lot of in-game mechanics that you are expected to learn and understand, this isn't CoD you don't just run around untill you see someone and then jam both triggers. 1 Small enemy can be infintly more deadly that 10 large ones, why? Maybe he's attacking a mage in a much lower armor class than a fighter, why isn't the fighter intervening? Maybe he got stunned by the small enemy, maybe the small enemy has a high magic resistance and can't be put down with magic so you need your fighter and you can't heal him because your healer is healing your ranger who is holding another front. It won't hold your hand and tell you you're pretty (even if you are), if you get beat it's your own fault for not prepairing properly.It's class / ability vareity is huge, you could have 4 mages all with different spells, one for summoning, one for buffing, one for AoE and one for direct attacks. 2 Rangers can work differently from each other, one could be a make-shift fighter holding a choke point while another attacks from range or sneaks past. You can change party formations, give individual orders to you party members and pause / unpause at any time (apart from during cut-scenes) so if you find yourself up against some tough enemies (I'm thinking of the Yuan-Ti invasion of Kuldahar in IWD 2) you can pause and look closely at your options.Will you take out the archers raining heavy damage on your mage(s) from range? Will you focus on the infantry crashing into your tank(s)? What about thier mage behind the front lines casting AoE on you? Can you healer(s) keep your tank(s) alive? Should you retreat? You'll spend more time looking at paused battlefields than fighting on them, I know that might not sound like a good thing but when 1 bad guy can kill you and you kill 30+ because you assesed the complex situation properly....... That makes you feel pretty cool..... /Epic Face.As if that weren't enough, they have updated it on Steam! Now with new charecters, including the expansion, a new ""adventure"" presummable meaning a new area that (like all other areas) has many ""inner-areas"". Improved multiplayer support for cross-platform connectivity, over (and I quote) ""400 improvements to the original game"". It now has a tutorial mode, support for high resolution widescreen displays and even new charecter voice options.There is simply too much to say and all of it is good. If you are going to buy it I will say this, graphics don't make a game, gameplay does. If you need good graphics to enjoy a game this is (your loss) not the game for you."
76561198031501971,Not Recommended,228280,22402748,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ascendtuum,"I like this game so much I still have my original CD's, I also have the Infinity Engine collectors edition, with all of the IE games, I bought the enhanced edition via GoG, and then when SoD was released I bought it via Steam as well, with the intent of playing through for the umpteenth time, and then buying and playing SoD.Don't do it.  Don't buy the new 2.0 ""enhanced"" edition.  It is even uglier than the original version, multiple parts of the game that worked fine are now broken, and even worse you can't uninstall the absolutely terrible 2.0 patch and go back to the way it was.  I'm seriously mad, and may be looking for a refund, unless Beamdog comes out and says they are working to allow us to opt to play with the terrible 2.0 update or not.If Beamdog will reverse all the changes they made with 2.0, or at least allow us to back to the previous patch, then EE Baldur's Gate was a very good game, and yes, it was enhanced.  Now it isn't, unless ""enhanced"" suddenly means broken, ugly, and worse than before."
76561198030287184,Not Recommended,228280,22258418,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Horizon Blue,"Bought the game as I was a long time fan of the series from childhood, but I cannot recommend the Steam version at this time do to large numbers of reported bugs and a jarring reskin of the art.If you wish to purchase, consider GOG, as you can control updates as you please.  I can't control Steam updates, and many post that the multiplayer is still not functioning properly anyway, a year on from purchase."
76561197970389070,Not Recommended,228280,22235496,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,5hadowfax,Great game ruined by poor developers who value their own dogma over and above telling a good story or creating compelling characters. I will never give these devs a single penny in the future. They fully deserve to go bust in my opinion.
76561197994100208,Not Recommended,228280,22243144,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sifer2,"Bad update, and bad rewriting. Get original with mods."
,Recommended,228280,12365122,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Monsterberry,It's Madden except for cool people who like wizards and monsters.
,Not Recommended,228280,22708798,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Illasera,"Got banned and my posts removed from the game's steam forums.For calling the moderator/developer a liar, For censoring/deleting negative postsand banning people for it. Irony/10Should have seen it coming though, From a company that asks people for positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,228280,22269374,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,pango,I prefer the original version.
76561198278689997,Not Recommended,228280,22262090,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,LoneWarrior2S,"after the update I wrote a review praising this game, saying ""for 5 bux it's a must buy.""This was silly of course because I only had a chance to play for it for about an hour after the update.  Now that I've spent a lot more time with it I can say that I DO like some of the new features but they are not worth the bugs.Since I just have the first Baldur's Gate I don't know how bad the update broke the 2nd one, but from this game alone I will not be getting anything from Beamdog again.  From what I've seen from their behavior, I want to get a refund.never buy any game with anyone involved with this abomination."
76561198098441157,Not Recommended,228280,30064384,Posted: 20 February,all,seltzer mage,"Baldur's Gate is one of the greatest games of all time. Unfortunately, nothing Beamdog included in the Enhanced Edition really added anything meaningful to the game. They made a number of convenience changes, such as raising the ammunition and gem stack limit, but such features and many more were already made available for the original game by the wonderful modding community that came first. Many mods that made wonderful improvements on the game (such as the ability to hide the ridiculous character helmets) are unavailable with this version.The Enhanced Edition seems to improve pathing a bit, but if you play on a higher-than-base framerate like I do, it doesn't matter too much.The writing for the new companions is weak- I didn't spend much time with them because their voices and character portraits didn't match the aesthetic of the original characters closely enough.The new replacement cinematics - which mostly consist of a single image and the original background music - are some of the worst aspects of this version. I understand they were working with a budget, but they really should have included the option to turn them off and have the original experience. Some of them straight-up remove story from the game: the old Nashkel cinematic did an excellent job of tipping you off to what was going on the town, and the new one is just a uninformative still of one of the town's structures.Rather than adding new companions, I would have preferred they added more to the originals: one of the big improvements in BG2 is that the companions are all really fleshed out and have their own personal quests. I would have liked to see Beamdog take more queues from the people who already made a better game out of the original.Beamdog made a decent effort, but if you want to play the best version of Baldur's Gate, this isn't it. The best version of Baldur's Gate is still the original title with a handful of mods. I've looked over the list of fixes, and I'd take all those bugs and inconsistencies back if I could have the original cinematics and UI again. Since I can only rate this game on the basis of the changes the developer made, I can't recommend it."
76561197998505420,Recommended,228280,8858090,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MadDiplomat,"I quite liked the original that came in the bulky 5 CD format. With EE I can play the game the way it was meant to exist if technology was more advanced in 1998 and if the team had a few more hours to polish it.Even though the improvements are small the game feels very different in my experience (for the better). Transparent UI makes it so much less intrusive. The ability to zoom makes it possible for me to run the game in a widescreen resolution without everything being too small. Plus, I quite like to reduce zoom outdoors and increase it in dungeons. I never knew how much I missed this before I had the chance to try it.Because they implemented several convenience changes I am able to play this game without installing any convenience tweaks. For example, the standard 40 ammo stack was a bit of an annoyance for me, so I always installed tweaks just to increase stacking if nothing else. Because EE stacks up to 80 that's enough for me and I can just play the game as it is.My biggest gripe with BG was always that I had to spend what seemed like forever just installing and configuring it (TuTu this, TuTu that, mod, tweak, blah blah). Finally I can just install it, increase FPS in options to 40 (to speed up walking) and PLAY. I'm sure that fundamentalists will argue that EE is the devil because you can get the same or better experience by taking BG1 and run it using BG2's engine with widescreen mods etc. But in my opinion the result is not as polished as EE and there is just SO much painful hassle that way.I approve of this release!P.S. (spoilers below!)I am also very happy that they included new NPC's - even though the original had a lot of them to begin with. I am one of those individuals who think that the 'canon' party sucks (i.e. that they are incredibly annoying). I love Imoen, but I cannot stand Minsc (calling him a degenerate idiot would be a compliment), Jaheira (Look! It's Miss Personality herself!) or Khalid (he's just a dog without testicles that Jaheira keeps on a leash). Dynaheir I could care less about. The problem is that these people come in pairs, so there go 4 of your 5 slots. Having three new characters in EE makes it easier to fill them with people that do not annoy you."
,Not Recommended,228280,22898084,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Doomdancer,"This is review commendary on Dragonspear expansion, made by person with light sensitive eyes.Original baldursgate saga, specificly shadows of amn was and is my all time favorite rpg series.Everything was so well thought out the music, ui, combot, text, everything was so well designed you could play the game hours and hours to an end without any problems at all, it was overally really pleasant journey.So when they made enchanted editions for modern machines I were happy, I could play my favorite game once more without extensive fine tuning I had to do on originals.And it was fun, for while.Then came siege on dragonspear.They changed the well thought ui coloring and theme of old baldursgate to dark obsidian hue "" volcanic"" style, that looks good in paper.But in game it's health hazard.The black ui causes all color contrasts to be so strong, you will literally get sick  and your eyes start hurting if you play the game for longer than few minutes.That's right, they made coloring so horrible, it causes me to get physical pain in my eyes.I want to play the expansion but I can't, it just hurts me.If you want to get bg 1& 2 ee, don't get Siege on Dragonspear.It  makes the game unplayable for people with even slight eye sensitivities."
,Not Recommended,228280,22225730,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rizzlu,Trent Oster sent me here.
,Recommended,228280,12982085,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,VaiJack,>got lifetime experience with dungeons and dragons>died at the first battle10/10
76561198025946142,Not Recommended,228280,22719430,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gindar,2.0 (dragonspear) update ruined whole game experience (and it's only UI changes). Play old not-enhanced version from gog with mods.
76561198164653112,Recommended,228280,31532647,Posted: 3 May,all,No2morrow07,I gathered my party.  I ventured forth.10/10
76561198042513901,Not Recommended,228280,22241868,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Irritated Goyim,"Stop ruining classic games by trying to push your stupid ♥♥♥♥ing agenda. Also, the ""enhancements"" aren't anything to write home about. You are better off playing the original."
,Not Recommended,228280,23683564,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Plague Injected,The game is very buggy and frequently freezes and crashes. Stick to the original version on GOG.
76561198062687298,Recommended,228280,14795593,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Assassin,"I was an invincible demi-god, and then I met petrification.PROS:+Timeless classic of the D&D universe+Excellent character NPCs of all variety+Game length was not too long or too short+Immersive story+Voice acting was pretty good+Late game stays true to the D&D aspect that there isn’t just one way to complete a quest+Random Easter eggs and parodies+Controls were pretty straightforward, felt like a RTS with a pause button+Can export your character to use in Baldur’s Gate IICONS:-AI was incredibly derpy at times; especially pathing and combat-Some available party members would just up and leave despite actively working on their personal quest line. Be wary of who you deck out in good gear.-Some personal quests won’t complete if certain party members die during the last part of their quest line.-Some spells are unclear if they hurt your party or not.  If it doesn’t specify ENEMIES, it more than likely will affect everybody.-Story was a bit slow up front, but stick with it."
,Not Recommended,228280,22326222,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TRisstan23,why you must broke it (again?!)
,Recommended,228280,34873515,Posted: 10 September,all,VipersKiss,"For those who have played the original Baldur's Gate:- Graphics now fit full-screen without looking stretched (as much as possible in a nearly twenty year old game)- Includes both Baldur's Gate and Tales of the Sword Coast- New area: The Black Pits (focuses on arena-style combat rounds, with a plot line)- New DLC as of 2016: Siege of Dragonspear (takes place between BG1 and BG2)- Some improvements carried back from BG2 (but I would just be quoting from the game description)- Big selling point for me? You can organize your journal to track quests properly! I hated having to scroll through the entire journal in the original game in order to remember what I was supposed to be doing (and I'm sure I'm not the only one), especially if I had left the game for more than a week.For those who have never played the original:- CRPG (pen and paper adaptation to computer game)- Utilizes Dungeons and Dragons 2nd Edition classes, lore, and rules (option to display 'rolls' in scrolling text window)- A lot of dialogue to read, no voice acting beyond the narrator between chapters and click/movement activation (I know many now prefer hearing instead of reading when long bits of dialogue are dropped on you).- Pick-and-choose up to five party members to join as you meet them (it is possible for choices and dialogue interactions to cause them to leave you permanently, so keep alignment in mind)- Can control the level up and skill distribution of all party members, or set it to automate (good for new players or those unfamiliar with D&D system)- Perma Death is optional, may set it so characters only faints in battle- Much steeper difficulty curve than present day RPGs- Requires strategic thinking over brute strength (dodging traps, exploiting weaknesses, spell conservation, etc.)- Gives minimal guidance in terms of plot/solving the quests; you will need to pay attention to dialogue and your journal entries to track them (although the journal is much more useful/specific than in the original game)My positive recommendation comes from the fact that I'm a huge fan of this genre, and this company's adaptations of D&D lore and rulesets is very well done. If you liked games such as Pillars of Eternity or Divinity:Original Sin, this is where the inspiration came from. While simpler than their modern counter-parts, this is a classic game that challenges the player to use more than brute-strength and puts emphasis on exploring to find or solve quests."
76561198022348363,Not Recommended,228280,22251960,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Grimslade,Love the original game and the enhanced edition.  This has brought back many memories of my D&D groups and the times we had slinging the dice around. What I have to give a negative review for is the Siege of Dragonspear Expansion.Those of us who love the game were looking forward to more of the same. What we received was hack writing and forced SJW themes that I do not want in my video games. Are there no longer game publishers who offer what their fans want or do they all have to cater to PC thinking? I can understand this company has the rights to produce what they want but shouldn't they at least be honest with the community and tell us they are changing the themes of the game/character backgrounds/etc?I played admittedly very little of the expansion before disappointment set in.....also STEAM will not refund my money even though I played less than 30 minutes of the expansion. They count the time you spend playing the main game the same as time spent playing the expansion. So if you were like me and wanted to start a new party to run though BGEE before the expansion understand you will not be eligible for a refund if you do not like the expansion.
76561198045585912,Not Recommended,228280,22623771,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PapaWhiskey,Is one of my all time favorites but cannot currently recommend due to the new expansion being riddled with bugs causing the game to crash often especially when trying to save.
,Recommended,228280,25427857,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mancesco,"I've never been into Classic Isometric RPGs, because I'm terrible at them. So, when Badur's Gate got ""enhanced"", I decided to swallow my pride, set it on Easy and dive into it.Best decision ever."
,Recommended,228280,13043076,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Icey Azoth,"This is my first review so bear with me. It's Baldur's Gate 1 without the annoying UI and with some extra content.  If you like Baldur's Gate and aren't familiar with modding then this game is for you. But if you never played Baldur's Gate then allow me to go over some of the details.Story- It's is rather interesting if you do not mind reading a lot. Altough the start is rather slow, once you get midway into the game it begins to pick up a lot.Gameplay- Difficult, but once you understand the basics then it can be rather fun. However the combat is not for everyone, it's very tactical and can be slow in the start.Charcters- Other than the extra characters added in by Beamdog, the orginal charcters have little personality. The extras have conversations with you and offer extra areas and items. They serve their purpose as party members.Overall, if you are willing to surive the lower levels and keep going forward then this game is for you. If you lack patience and dislike older games then just forget about it. There is a huge learning curve and unless you are willing to learn then I would advise against purchasing this game.I personally love this game and love Baldur's Gate 2 even more. If I had to give the game a numerical value it would be 85/100. Beamdog did a good job with optimization and a lot more accessable to the public than it used to be."
76561198039918101,Recommended,228280,10652844,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nosirrah,"Everything I remembered from the past. The game is fun to play, the gameplay much smoother for being an enhanced edition and full to the brim with humour and references. I would easily reccommend this game, I've spent so much time on it and there are still a lot of bits I've still got to check out. Get it!"
76561198040751213,Recommended,228280,12618605,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Arch Osis,10/10 would reroll again
76561198194395690,Recommended,228280,30327413,Posted: 4 March,all,Jarkeld,"This review will also be discussing Siege of Dragonspear as wellBaldur's Gate is a game that when it came out, was revolutionary for it's time. I actually owned (and still have) the orignal five disk game that came out back in 1998. Put out by Black Isle (under the developmental eye of the three original founders of Bioware), it is a game that takes place set in the Forgotten Realms. In this game, you're basically playing Dungeons and Dragons, but for those of you out there that are familiar with nothing older than 3rd Edition, you may find the mechanics for the classes a bit odd. Baldur's Gate uses the old AD&D 2nd Edition rules set and it is still quick to pick up.Character generation is rather straightforward, allowing you to roll and re-roll your stats as much as you'd like until you're happy with them. Compared to the original, the Enhanced Edition shows you the total point number that your stats total to. This is helpful when trying to shoot for a total number. You are able to store a rolled set that you like, but can only store one set at a time. Regarding character creation, you have a variety of races to pick from, but only humans can be any class. The trade-off to this is that non-human races can go above an 18 during character creation, and in AD&D, that is rather huge, since unlike later versions of D&D, your stats will not improve. Beamdog brought the kits from Shadows of Amn (the sequel) to the base game, allowing you to get a feel for the kit right away. This is something I wish the original game had when it was released. They also added a couple of new ones from 3rd Edition, such as the Shadowdancer for Rogues and the Dwarven Defender for dwarf Fighters. Due to the nature of the game engine, there is an experience cap for classes, which is 169,000 XP (most classes will hit level 8, wizards will hit 9, and rogues will hit 10).The story is rather intriguing, and keeps you wondering what is going on in true, classic D&D style right up until the 5th chapter, when you finally see the whole picture. Then it becomes a “race against the clock” (not literally) to save the day. Unlike it's sequel, Baldur's Gate assumes by default that you are playing the hero, or at least an anti-hero (not a villain). You can be evil, but if you become too evil, you won't be able to ever complete the game, since you won't be allowed to enter cities (the guards will literally come, tell you there's no entry for you, and attack you). There is also two optional missions, thanks to the game's original expansion – Tales of the Sword Coast – Durlag's Tower and Balduran's Isle. It also added a new area called Ulgoth's Beard, a small village with some new items for sale and some missions. These have been included in the base game from Beamdog. Durlag's Tower is a classic dungeon crawl, with deathtraps and monsters, as well as rewards and a climatic battle at the end of the quest line. Balduran's Isle is a tale that has you follow the final voyage of the great hero Balduran (whom the city Baldur's Gate is named after). While the tower is difficult, it is still much more enjoyable than Balduran's Isle is. This was one area I felt that Black Isle fell short on, and quickly jumps up in difficulty.Speaking of difficulty, Beamdog has added an option for “Story Mode”, for those that just want to play through the story. Think of it as “super easy mode”, where you can't die, and nothing harmful can affect you. While I think this is not a bad idea for those that are not fond of the old school AD&D rules, I didn't like using it. I experimented with it a little, and never went back after trying it. The game has been mostly untouched, which is smart by Beamdog – it has just been tweaked, bringing back a lot of things they added in Shadows of Amn. As for the new NPCs that have been added, I have already heard from many how they feel “forced”. But my only argument against this is this – this game is nearly 20 years old. How else are new characters supposed to feel like without feeling like they're mod NPCs? I think they are a nice addition, each with a voice actor that did a great job on them (Rasaad is actually voiced by Mark Meer – Male Shepard from Mass Effect).Siege of Dragonspear was the massively new expansion put out by Beamdog for this game. They managed to bring back just about everyone from the first game that had a character in it, such as Jennifer Hale, Jim Cummings, and Melissa Disney. The expansion is very well done! While at times, it felt a bit rushed in sections (going through a underground cavern to Dragonspear Castle), the expansion is still very well made, and does an excellent job covering the massive gap between Baldur's Gate and Shadows of Amn. Those that played Shadows of Amn back in the day will easily recognize who the hooded man is. Siege of Dragonspear increases the XP cap, letting you get a little higher (I believe I ended at level 10 or 11 with my mage). This is handy because you're that much higher when porting over your character to Shadows of Amn.While I'm sure there are reasons for all the poor reviews by “the old guard” about Siege of Dragonspear, they do not speak for all of us. I only speak for me, and being part of that “old guard”, I absolutely loved this expansion, and consider it to be part of the entire game experience now. While I was a bit sad at who they brought over from the first game (Safana? Garric? REALLY?) they still managed to bring over a few fan favorites. Hats off to Beamdog for Glint, the gnome cleric/rogue; a very well written character, and a likable personality. He slid right into the slot of both cleric and rogue in my good party, and part of me wishes Beamdog would have added him into the base game. M'Khiin (goblin shaman) is a neat idea and something I actually thought was creative to do for this series. There's also an optional battle pit called the Black Pits (but I have not experimented with that much, so forgive me if I don't feel knowledgeable enough to discuss it in this review). If you are looking for a D&D game that has a great story and good characters, I do recommend checking it out."
76561198094074304,Not Recommended,228280,22553207,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Philmore Graves III,"As others have posted before me, there have been two major patches to the game recently. The first claims to have over 300 ""improvements"" to the game such as: you now have to confirm you want to travel somewhere instead of just clicking the zone, you have to confirm you want to memorize a spell, rather than just clicking on the spell. The inventory flashes an obnoxious stat change box with EVERYTHING a character can use, even potions.  The graphics got a hit of cartoonishness as they added a way to smooth the outlines (luckily you can turn it off and it looks more like the original format.) There is a ""journal updated"" box that now appears when you do a quest objective. This can be especially annoying when you're turning in a lot of items in. A good example: I just killed the Tanar'ri up near Baldur's Gate itself, I went back down to Nashkell because I had around a dozen winter wolf pelts to turn in to the merchant there; the journal updated for every single turn in.I came back to the game after a while because I had given up on the demon fight originally, but after some time I was ready for it again. Coming back to all this frivilous BS is rather angering. I don't mind bug fixes, as long as they improve the game, but breaking the wheel while its functioning just fine is a waste of the programmers' time and talent. Honestly, until they enable a way to revert back to the original format, I refuse to play this game anymore. Good job Beamdog, you screwed up a perfectly good game, I imagine in the name of hubris."
,Not Recommended,228280,22839823,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kuro Neko Nyaa,Game itself is one of the best rpg of all time.It´s a pity that beamdog ♥♥♥♥ed this up. avoid this buggy product for now and get the original version from gog.
,Recommended,228280,14849716,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,neo,"I'll be writing this review mainly directed to people who don't really know much about Dungeons & Dragons or old-school cRPG's.One of the first games to have branching story paths that actually worked and meant something. Lots of consequence, lots of choices, lots of endings.The story of the game is very well written and also interesting. If you're willing to read up on the background information a little to get a grasp of what the D&D world is like, particuarly this one, then you'll understand the games story better. Even if you don't read any background information you'll still pick up on it as you play, and you'll still be able to enjoy it.The first few hours of the game are a little slow and sort of random. During these few hours (about 2-3 hours or so), lots of random things will be thrown at you just to let you practice on how the game works. You'll meet random companions, random attacks, and have some pretty pointless but rewarding side quests. Like I said, these are just to warm you up on the rest of the game.One of the main points of the game is maintaining a party. You'll meet many companions along your adventure which you can either allow into your party or not. You must watch each players health, weapons, stats, and so on. It sounds complicated when you first read about it, but it's pretty easy once you get used to it. Your companions will get tired, get wounded or their weapons will break. You have to watch out for all of these things and help them out as much as you can. Fortunately for people who have a hard time making characters, you will only have to make your own character (which is the leader of the party) as all other companions will have their own stats and abilities. With that being said, you must know how to use and level up their stats and abilities.The combat can be a bit tricky at first, especially once your party gets pretty large. You are able to pause the game, point out each individual party member who to attack, then unpause. Having your whole party attack the same enemy at once works on lower level enemies, but as you start to face larger groups of monster and/or more challenging enemies, you have to use strategy to determine how not to get your party instantly killed.The character creation is quite big for this game. You can chose between a few races, pick between many classes which have their own sub-classes (Such has Cleric/Ranger or Cleric/Thief, etc.) and have quite a bit of stats to level up. You won't be leveling up as easily or quickly as many of todays RPGs. I didn't upgrade my main character until about 2 hours into the game while doing a bunch of side-quests and killing lots of enemies. Leveling up is meant to feel rewarding and having an actual impact when adding points to stats and gaining new abilites.The world is nicely drawn in this game too. The graphics on the Enhanced Version doesn't look much better than when I played this game years ago, but at least it's in widescreen.Exploring the world is also a huge point in this game. The world isn't all one seamless level, but instead it's broken up into large sections which usually have other sections within them, such as caves and castles. Most of the places you're allowed to freely enter, but others are restricted.I guess there's also multiplayer, but I guess i'm the only one in my friends list that owns this game haha.Overall, I think this game is very good, and the Enchanced Edition brings some changes that will ease in newcomers to the classing cRPG genre. This is considered by many to be one of the best RPG games to date, as well as the other D&D cRPG's that came out around the same time. I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of RPGs and are willing to overcome a slight learning curve if they haven't played a classic cRPG such as this before."
76561197972803712,Recommended,228280,11084271,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Shepboy,"I'd forgotten just how much I enjoyed this game first time around.Also forgotten just how consistent Bioware have been over the years.Lots and lots of quests and mini quests to complete, and you should get minimum 60-70 hrs gameplay, meaning that it's also great value for moneyOne thing to bear on mind is that it is over 15 years old, so don't expect 'blow you away' graphics and you can tell that NPC interaction was in it's early days, and so is not on the same level and detailed as Bioware's pinnacle in the Mass Effect series.Pretty much everything else you'd want in an RPG is thereDefinite reccomend for all RPG fans"
,Not Recommended,228280,22263150,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bizkit,I purchased this game with the belief that it was a graphics enhancement to the original. Not an attempt to force feed me differing ideologies not present in the original game. I'm not trying to fund your SJW bullcrap. I'm saddened by giving you my money.
76561197988305952,Not Recommended,228280,22241195,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tezzer,Devs are Snobs I do not recomend buy original on gog games are games not personal politics.
76561198086456368,Recommended,228280,29022973,Posted: 4 January,all,takamandas,Today after almost twenty years I finally defeated Sarevok ...
,Not Recommended,228280,22626066,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Grillarcus,"This review is negative because I bought the game for the multiplayer and the multiplayer is bugged beyond redemption. Perhaps you manage to play for a time but we cannot save, everytime we try the game crashes, and than a day you discover the that save does not work anymore or that in a map you cannot enter some building because the game crashes. Than you load the same save in single palyer mode, that you can do but not the other way around, and discover that in single player it works fine. So if you want to play single try it, but it have bugs anyway. If want it for the multiplayer forget it. This is crap."
,Not Recommended,228280,23493998,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,scoopedLOL,"The UI and multiplayer in this game are completely broken and bugged to all hell, even after 3 of their latest patches. UI disappears, various functions randomly stop working among other things."
,Recommended,228280,32851174,Posted: 27 June,all,UltraIce_cream,"A legendary game resurrected by necromancers.Despite some bad press and a semi-competent developed team, this old zombie is still a pretty enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,228280,22278367,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bombzero,"Beamdog brought SJW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and anti-gamer sentiments into the new expansion, don't buy it, don't believe their backpedaling or excuses. The developers have frequently and actively insulted ""Gamers"" as a whole through their terribly unprofessional and immature responses to the complaints about this, going so far as to label anyone who disagrees with them as ""Gamergaters""(portraying that as clear and complete evidence of their utter subhumanity and evil nature) or ""mysoginists"" and so forth.If I could get a refund, I would. Certainly removing it from my steam library either way.Oh, and the new DLC is going to be forcibly packaged into the game soon on multiple distribution packages, so don't even buy the base game or support Beamdog in any way, these developers are not friends of the gaming community."
,Recommended,228280,14399792,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Tyler the Ultimate Badass,You must gather your party before venturing forth.You must gather your party before venturing forth.You must gather your party before venturing forth.You must gather your party before venturing forth.10/10 would ressurect Dynaheir again.
76561198073053221,Not Recommended,228280,22177020,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Holsino,CRASHING... a lot
,Recommended,228280,32919827,Posted: 28 June,all,Darkness,"I've only played for 12 hours, but I can say that this game is amazing. The artstyle is very nice (The characters and creatures are a bit blurred, some may like it, some may not, but I like it), the gameplay is interesting and the combat never gets old. The main quest doesn't feel as forced as in some games (Skyrim, I'm looking at YOU!), and the side quests are diverse and fun to complete. The game feels like it can be played in many ways, since there are so many classes and sub-classes which gives an incredible amount of combinations in terms of party setup (Although some much more viable than others). This game is a well-made RPG with elements that I wish were kept in modern RPGs. Really the only bad part about the game is that the tutorial gives very little information (In the starting area there are a bunch of tutors that can give you information about the gameplay), which I guess is only a problem in the non-physical copy, since the physical copy comes with a manual, but you can easily find the manual at their website by just googling ""Baldur's gate enhanced edition manual"". It might seem scary seeing that the manual has around 150 pages, but almost half of those are just spell descriptions of all the spells in the game, and the pages in general aren't long, so if you want to buy this game, I would HIGHLY recommend reading that first as it will benefit you TREMENDOUSLY if you do read it through thouroughly."
,Not Recommended,228280,22542721,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ACEp*Dekker,2.0 is trash1.3 is good though
76561198032408763,Not Recommended,228280,22544815,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,🔺,"Beamdog managed to completely ruin the best cRPG ever made with their new expansion full of PC and SJ content. Ignoring the D&D ambientation and immersion, they just added a bunch of dialogues and changes to the original characters personalities to force feminism and other such ideologies down the player's throat. Do not support this kind of thing, don't even buy the base game and, if you already did, ask for a refund if you still can.On their words:“If there was something for the original Baldur’s Gate that just doesn’t mesh for modern day gamers like the sexism, [we tried to address that],” said writer Amber Scott. “In the original there’s a lot of jokes at women’s expense. Or if not a lot, there’s a couple, like Safana was just a sex object in BG 1, and Jaheira was the nagging wife and that was played for comedy. We were able to say, ‘No, that’s not really the kind of story we want to make.’ In Siege of Dragonspear, Safana gets her own little storyline, she got a way better personality upgrade. If people don’t like that, then too bad.”(http://kotaku.com/the-struggle-to-bring-back-baldur-s-gate-after-17-years-1768303595)So they think they can just do whatever they want, grotesquely modify characters that had unique personalities and ""If people don't like that, then too bad"". On top of all, it's badly written:http://techraptor.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Baldurs-Gate-Dragonspear-Mizhena.jpgAnd you can't even give a negative response like the freedom of the original game would allow.Beamdog, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition and its new expansion are the perfect example of why masterpieces are better left crystallized on the past for contemplation only."
76561198041815559,Not Recommended,228280,22623809,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Testsubject32,I never give bad reviews and give the benifit of the doubt on the developers but this game is unplayable.  It's plagued with bugs which i've lived with but eventually in the game you get to a point where saving crashes the game.  The game is broken stay away for a year or so maybe they'll get the bugs worked out.
76561198064201725,Recommended,228280,32650784,Posted: 22 June,all,druidicus,Seems okay so far.
,Not Recommended,228280,22285630,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Leprykon,"*retro-active review* xDThere's a bug in the very first quest, literally your first chance to get an xp pool and you are deprived of it. There's a slim chance it got fixed, but I played it long months after release and it was there. And it was just a taste of many other bugs and glitches, that plague this edition.Beamdog should apologise and switch to something more fitting their abillities, like ""match 3"" apps on mobile devices."
76561197991568014,Not Recommended,228280,22246364,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kainevil,"What is baldur's gate? One of the best story driven role playing games i've ever experienced on the pc platform. I own the original 5cd retail version from the original black isle/interplay/bioware with the separate tales of the sword coast expansion cd. One of the most respected forgotten realms games ever made by bioware.So, you want to know why i rate THIS negative?Because these arrogant houlier than thou♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a SJW complex think they are better than the *whole gaming community* just for making an amateurish fanfic ( with lots of bugs/glitches ) that sports a clear b a s t a r d i z a t i o n of beloved characters from the original story just to forcibly shove down their politically correct bs in gamers throats.And also because i can't even play the god damned game now with the broken legacy of bhaal mode difficulty reverting issues.I mean, the damned thing messes up creature stats after reloading different areas.The game has a plethora of new issues after the 2.0 update and Beamdog's choice for the UI design was poor.You want something positive? FIX THE *RELEVANT* GAME ISSUES FASTWhy should i praise you for releasing broken products or breaking your actual working releases  time and again?I may not care about the multiplayer as much as others but that is also not working correctly  as many have already pointed out."
76561198058491873,Not Recommended,228280,22279273,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JBrown247,"The game is trash, Beamdog has outed themselves as SJWs who hate white males. The ""expansion"" is not only a buggy mess that corrupts saves, but the update to BG1EE and BG2EE has also introduced many game and save breaking bugs into the other games. This is how a company goes bankrupt, as they should. They wanted to cash in on the BG name, preach to the white men who might play it, and cash in on the fleeting SJW crowd. Not a good business model. You just exchanged your main audience for a group that might (MIGHT) buy one of your games. GOOD JOB #DERP"
76561197960577564,Not Recommended,228280,19874203,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arwill,"Crashes on Windows 7. I searched the forums, and tried everything to make it run, unsuccesfully. Lost about 2 hours on it. I liked playing BG when it came out, but they could at least make the Enhanced Edition work on modern OS-es. Steam should also ""retire"" games that do not work any more, or test the compatibility, and remove the OS as being supported. I will try to run this on Linux at some time, but my primary goal was to run it on my travel laptop, but that turned to be a failure."
,Recommended,228280,30705605,Posted: 24 March,all,Jay,"So I wanted to rekindle my youth and bought BG1.I think it's been like 15 years since I last played it and I still remember a lot of the dialogues.This is often concidered the mother of RPG on a computer (yes I used to use paper character sheet and dices, I'm that old) and I still love it!A classic and I recommend everyone to at least try it out.I just made it through the game, so I'm switching to another one in the series.""Blast from the past""""OMG I can't believe I remembered that!""""Wtf how did I die??""""Ffs hit the MF already!""10/10 in retro perspective(I don't recall it going this fast getting through the whole game, must be because time flies when you're old!)"
76561198088776362,Recommended,228280,31694263,Posted: 11 May,all,Draconis,"""Pick a direction and run. You’re almost guaranteed to discover some small adventure, some small chunk of world that will engage you. It’s that content density that makes [Baldur's Gate] constantly rewarding."" -PC gamer's review of Skyrim could easily be applied here. The brilliant open-world formula that every RPG developer uses nowadays was first invented by BioWare in 1998 in the form of ""Baldur's Gate.""The game is too old to be completely open world, but it's divided into 40 or 50 different surface areas that all border eachother, vusually they fit together like the pieces of a puzzle, with countless massive dungeons and cave systems beneath them, they make for a world that easily takes just as long to explore as Skyrim's. In 1998 it was such a brilliant formula for a game that Bethesda copied it for Morrowind in 2002, and companies are still doing it, with the Witcher 3 being the latest example of a game following Baldur's Gate as the template for how to make a game properly.Only this game represents the greatest innovations in RPG history, the beginning of BioWare's classicly dark and gripping stories full of relatable and compelling characters starts here. The birth of meaningful decisions, a reputation system, and the endless deep and meaningful sidequests you all loved in The Witcher 3, all of those wonderful RPG features were invented upon this game's release.What is unique to this game however, that I have yet to see anyone copy, is the combination of such a detailed gameworld, such a brilliantly complex and epicly scaled combat system, and such a deep and dark story.The story is unlike any BioWare has written in the last 19 years, because it is not about saving the world. It's about you dealing with your own problems, your struggles as person with a divinely evil nature, and decisions you must make that will impact the lives of your traveling companions and determine your future.The gameplay is unlike any BioWare has designed in the last 19 years. If you wondered how much more tactical and complicated Dragon Age could be if it wasn't dumbed down for a console, this is what it would look like. The best videogame representation of Classic AD&D second edition, this game features dozens of classes to choose from, hundreds of spells to combine in infinitely tactical ways to defeat your enemies, and doing so rivals the difficulty of Dark Souls, as you come in contact with hundreds of different kinds of monsters, and clash with them in some of the most epic RPG fights you will ever have.If you want an RPG with a world as atmospheric and dynamic as Dragon Age Inquisition, a story as good as Mass Effect, a world as detailed as The Witcher 3, difficulty that makes Dark Souls feel like a kids game, and tactical party based combat that makes Dragon Age Origins bow in submission, you don't need to look anymore, you've found it, in the form of Baldur's Gate, the most groundbreaking RPG made to this day. 19 years later I still replay it every year, as well as its brilliant sequal, which adds even more groundbreaking innovations to the classic RPG formula, such as story content and quests that change based on your decisions, NPC romances, and BioWare's iconic party banter, among others.10/10"
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,228280,22420726,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,This was one of the great classics until Beamdog decided to ruin it...
,Recommended,228280,26172430,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fork_Q2,"Bladur's Gate II was one of the first RPG games I ever played. Introduced to it around 2004, probably no older than 12 or 13, picked up a battered copy along with Throne of Bhall in some bargin bin for old PC games. Remains one of my favourite gaming experinces ever. Until now, I have never actually played the first game in the series. I'm writing this review as someone who never played the non-Enchanced Edition version of this game, I can't say for sure what has been ""enchanced"", nor is it clear to me which quests/areas are from the original base game, and which are from the add-on pack (Tales of Sword Coast). I have now beaten the game from start to finish with my Cavalier in about ~40 hours, completed most of the sidequests. Single player only. Didn't find the Black Pits mode appealing enough to try beyond a few minutes.Longer version: Baldur's Gate is a party-based RPG, you create your own character (race, class, alignment, etc) and recruit up to five other followers. The rules are based off the AD&D 2nd Edition, which compared to later editions used in games like Neverwinter Nights or Icewind Dale II, is quite restrictive (non-human races are much more limited to what classes they can pick, and less freedom in multi or dual classing) and perhaps not as intuitive. Combat is real-time with pause, you can leave your party whacking away at low level mobs to clear them faster, or pause the game to issue orders and manage combat for the harder fights. 13 base classes to pick from, Paladins, Fighters, Mages, Clerics, etc. All but a few will offer you different ""spins"" to try out, these are called ""Class Kits"". For example, Bards have more melee orientated counterparts called Blades and Skalds. Blades sacrifices pickpocketing, lore and songs for greater proficiency in two-weapon fighting styles. Skalds improve their companions ability to hit with their singing, but at the expense of pickpocketing.The main plot itself is extremely easy to follow: for a RPG there are relatively few characters central to the plot, you are given clear instructions on where to go next, and the storyline generally follows itself quite logically. I have been playing this game inbetween other games, and have taken breaks from playing it. I never felt lost or had to reorientate myself when coming back to the game, unlike most other RPGs. The sidequests, of which there are many, do however require you to pay attention to dialogue, clues, and journal entries. Keeping information on paper, pins on maps or going through your quest log really does help. The lack of handholding is quite refreshing, particularly true with the sidequests in the city of Baldur's Gate itself, many of them requires actually exploring the city and keeping notes on the many taverns and houses with important NPCs. Clues can also be found by talking to NPCs, drinking in pubs, and breaking in on some seemingly unimportant houses. Such as the time I murdered a priestess for an evil sea Goddess, simply because she♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with her haughty talk, finding that she was carrying the body of a dead child on her. Spent a good hour finding the dead kid's parents. Plenty of quests can be discovered in many ways, unique objects you find in the game you won't realise the importance until much later.Worth noting for new players is that most non-magical metal weapons will break often. This is due to the iron crisis that you have to investigate. It makes sense for melee characters to invest and drop a proficiency point into weapons like clubs or staves, until you finally get your mitts on a decent +1 weapon. Your endgame character level should be around 7 or 8, you will spend an lot of time in the lower character levels. Fighting early on, especially if you choose weapons your character isn't proficiencent in, will involve both you and your enemies just facing off each other and missing nearly every attack. Combat gets more exciting around level 3 onwards, when spellcasters have access to more spells, and your attacks will connect with your enemies more.One thing I absolutely loved about BGII, which is unfortunatly an little lacking here, is the variety of areas you can visit. Many of the areas in this game are variations of outdoor woodlands - some with hills, some with mountains, some with a coast, but most of are generally similar. There are also many taverns, inns and houses which seem the same and most don't serve a purpose in the plot or any sidemissions. But, on the otherhand, they do add a sense of scale and size to the game, an actual sense of adventure. And it does feel good to accidentally stumble onto an intresting sidequest or story: I had my rogue unlock a generic looking house by the docks in the city, only to find it's occupied by a sea-nymph who escaped from the sea, captured by a fisherman who took her to his home, she seduced and murdered her capturers, and attempted to do the same to me.There are many, many characters that can join you in this game. Unlike in more modern RPGs, lots of them will leave the game for good if you reject their offer to join. I will have to say, that compared to BGII, and with Bioware's games since then, this is to me Baldur's Gate biggest weakness lies. With that many companions, it does feel like they're spread very thin. There isn't an lot of intercompany banter, you will hear the same lines over and over, and there is generally very little interaction with them. I had Imoen in my party almost all the way through, I don't recall any more new lines after her consolation for Gorion's death at the start. I don't recall Xzar and Montaron having more to say after you solved the issue of the poor quality iron from the Nashkel mines. I understand the reason for this may be perhaps due how dangerous the world is, a follower can die and you may not be able to resurrect them. That said, I still prefer Baldur's Gate II's approach to NPCs, fewer and more detailed, with interesting and involving personal missions.On the technical side, in my ~40 hour playthrough from start to end, I've encountered at least two or three crash to desktop bugs. There is one very annoying bug with the map - you can place ""pins"" on the map as notes for areas and NPCs you might need to come back to at an later date. For example, a woman in Nashkel wants you to find out what happened to her miner husband Jospeh. You might want to ""pin"" her house so you know which one it is when you return. Unfortunatly the pin and the name you gave it will sometimes appear in maps other than Nashkel. FPS is limited to 30, I understand that you can increase the limit in the .ini file. I understand some people have encountered bugs that prevented the completion of certain sidequests, I personally have not run into any of these. I played the game with the Core Rules on, aside from two or three unavoidable fights, I never felt particularly challenged by the combat, nor had to reload a fight that went south. That said, there are harder game modes to try, as well as the Solo challenge.In conclusion: Loved the sense of adventure, the variety of classes/kits on offer, and the game respects your ability to pay attention and not required to be guided throughout the experince. I personally found Baldur's Gate II epic size and variety closer to my liking, but I still appreciated Baldur's Gate's more down to earth approach to high fantasy. I would reccomend this game even for those who have cut their teeth on more modern RPGs (such as Dragon Age, The Witcher or Pillars of Eternity), and won't mind overlooking some dated graphics for a rewarding RPG experince.The Good: simple but effective story, sense of scale and adventure.The Bad: combat, especially early in the game, is a bit dull. Even core-difficulty might be an the easy side for some.The Ugly: aside from the very few instances in my 100 hours playing crashed to desktop, none really."
76561198008057953,Not Recommended,228280,19570000,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,solitas777,"I played this game a long time ago and remember loving it. However, it's tiny as hell on my laptop and I can't figure out how to make it easier to see. The character is so small I have to strain to see her. There is no way to change the resolution in the game. As it is right now, I'm not happy with this product."
,Not Recommended,228280,22370286,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SpiketheKlown,"I would have reccommended this game back BEFORE the patch that made everyone look cartoonishly outlined and changed the interface for better or for worse... in this case worse. Creating your character now uses sliding bars for the colors of your clothes which, in my opinion, is difficult to manuver around to see, and don't get me started on the BUGS! You call this an update? This looks more like an unfinished game now!Looks like I'm going to have to dig out the ol' original 5 disc set if I ever want to actually play this again."
,Not Recommended,228280,22235665,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,『Florx』,"As a modern gamer and someone who identify himself as attack helicopter, I find it very offensive to not include trans-aircraft people. Shame on you Beamdog!"
,Not Recommended,228280,22416767,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,RePo,"This is specificall with regards to the new expansion, Siege of Dragonspear. The new content is extremely buggy, very poorly written, and with an extremely hamfisted and overt political agenda. Characters from the original games have been completely changed, and for the worse.Whatsmore, in their effort to prove how LGBQT friendly they were, they added a token trans character who exists for no other reason than to be trans, giving, basically, the video game making equivalent of ""see, I'm not racist, I know several black people.""In addition, once they had♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off an enourmous cross section of their fans, they then took to their forums to beg for positive reviews, which is pretty bad form.Apparently updates to the token character are in the works, as are bug fixes. I will give it another shot at that point, but given how linear the game is, and how poor the rest of the writing also is, I'm not holding out much hope."
,Not Recommended,228280,22773901,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vengentz,Game hasn't been stable since the Dragon Spear expansion came out.
76561198045270479,Not Recommended,228280,22420141,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mr.Nightmare241,"if your looking for a review about multiplayer its not my review.wow never thought i would do this. spesficly a negitve one for my FAVORITE game. The game is great, it was what it was back in the 1990s and i love that there is a steap learning curve and when you create your character if you dont know what your doing with your stats you can get screwed over or if you do make the game more chaligen on any difficulty.This is a slow game if your going into the exspecting something like skyrim you will be disaponted.It is a party based rpg you can have up too 5 other people with you each with there own class, wepon prefrences and alignmentsSo why am i giveing it a negitive reviwe beamdog. its the technical issues that i can't get by, with there update that came with the release of the sige of dradonspear they have messed with the character modles, they now look like they belong in a bad cellshaded game and with some of the grafic setings turned on they actualy look worse. The new character sheet is a jumbled mess all your information is broken into new tabs some of witch only have two lines of text. plus this update deleveled my characters 2 levels each and dont change the text and font size at least for me doing so caused the game to look like im playing it ten feet away from my computer. So dont buy this in its currant state. If you want to play this (witch i highly recomend you do) do it in its original form go togog.comand get it."
76561198073498868,Recommended,228280,6727504,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Talana,"This is a Must for RPG fans ! Beautiful  game world, great storyline, interesting and varied selection of playable characters, highly addictive !Interesting that the EE edition has not changed much from the original - which shows that even back when that was made, it was spectacular !"
,Recommended,228280,23593593,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"If you have an ounce of D&D nerddom in you, buy this.  Get it on sale if you can, but its worth the $20 retail too."
76561198072600899,Not Recommended,228280,22796152,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,0pulent,"So... they released a new update, and my save file was deleted, and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc which i refunded was back!! I don't want your DLC, I want my save file back, and I want to be able to roll back to the last update before the game was screwed up. Unfortunately the devs are a bunch of SJWs who don't understand games so they won't do any of that, but hey, at least the orgiinal is on sale over at GOG."
,Not Recommended,228280,22506861,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,aNNNgST,Crashes when trying to save! Nice!
76561198070702969,Not Recommended,228280,22306349,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,smacd,"The original version was decent for its day, though I was never a fan of the Forgotten Realms setting as its one of the most boring of the D&D campaign settings.However this enhanced version, especially with the 2.0 patch and everything I've seen about the expansion is downright awful. Their agenda is showing, and I cannot recommend anyone give Beamdog any money. I wish I could request a refund."
,Not Recommended,228280,22487350,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Thedarkestoflinks,"You'll notice all of the positive reviews were posted before the Siege of Dragonspear update. You think there might be a reason for that? /sarcasmI see a lot of people here complaining about how the multiplayer no longer works. I don't even play the multiplayer, but even the single player is totally unplayable now due to various unnecessary aesthetic changes, as well as the fact that they've also managed to riddle the game with bugs, AGAIN. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, Beamdog. An expansion launch that breaks the base game is nothing short of unforgivable."
,Recommended,228280,32643443,Posted: 22 June,all,Warren Pieces,"One of the most faithful and least gimmicky Dungeons and Dragons video games out there, just shy of Shadow over Mystara. A fantastic number-to-number recreation of the rules as game mechanics, and therefore a mind-numbing,♥♥♥♥♥kicking game that forgives no lapse in judgement.You may want to start on an easier difficulty if you are bad at tabletop rpgsPlay this thing on core rules difficulty, always. And prepare to git gud.Protip:Baeloth the entertainer is ♥♥♥♥♥-made. If you start off with the Black Pits storyline, just attack him outright."
,Not Recommended,228280,22349790,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,toggaf ynnart,Beamdog took a classic and turned it into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game; just buy the original if you don't already own the original CD version. there is absolutely no reason to use this buggy piece of ugly wanna be mobile garbage!
,Not Recommended,228280,22310011,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,King Crimson,"Incompetent company, releases clearly untested patches. 2.0 ruined the game with new bugs, terrible interface (which didn't need fixing), awful ""new"" graphics etc.My 25 STR mage says hello by the way.Buy the classic version from gog and install patches and mods instead."
,Not Recommended,228280,22259193,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,AndyAce83,"I havent bought the DLC and I dont know what the big deal is, but for the main game; I find it annoying. The gameplay is complicated. The characters dont attack monsters unless one does a character pre-set thing in a submenu. They die instantly and the monsters are unclear if they are overpowering or not. I try to play the game and I will probably play it more, but as of the first 6 hours I am stuck and displeased."
,Not Recommended,228280,22279186,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,'bout to have a good time' Sans,Don't bother buying it
76561197993691450,Recommended,228280,23438520,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BrainDamage,"This game put to shame so many of today so called RPG's.If you are an RPG fan, you've got to play this marvelous game and it's sequel BG2.Do yourself a favor and play it without a walkthrough\guide."
76561198087089961,Recommended,228280,29607180,Posted: 31 January,all,Baby Bruce Lee,Baldur's Gate is the type of game that once you learn all the rules and DnD Dice rolling maddness it will become an obsession. Intill then this game with wip you like catholic nun and it is not forgiving to anybody new DnD rpgs. That said is why this game is worth your time and effort. The joy comes in learning rules(4th edition DnD) and becoming the master of something that seemed impossible when you first started. I reccomend this game to anybody who is new to CRPGS and DnD games and is willing to actaully read guides on the internet and endure many deaths and game restartes intill they get the hang of it( it will grow some hair on your face) also long time DnD fans and those who have read any books that take place in the forgotten realms-(game setting).GOOO FOR THE EYES BOOO GO FOR THE EYES...ARRRRRRGGG
76561198021837454,Not Recommended,228280,22420509,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"If only steam would allow an ""iffy"" review. Because this is a mixed bag. The game used to be perfect. I say *used* to be perfect until the 2.0 update rolled around which dinged it up a bit. The actions of the beamdog team didn't help it either.Okay so here's the good: the graphics have been updated for new machines and three new companions have been added. A mage named Neera who accidentally blows stuff up, a monk named Rassaad, and Dorn Il-khan an orc blackguard (and certified motherf***er) on a mission of revenge. Class kits and high level spells are also in this game adding a ton of flexibility to it.The bad: As of 4/14/2016 there are random CTDs and this one rage inducing bug that literally changes the game's difficulty slider (randomly turning on story mode when you want hard difficulty) a handful of graphical bugs.Edit: They released a patch recently to fix these bugs. To the best of my knowledge, the difficulty sliding bug is no more.Now this part is just me, and also a few others, but I feel this should be brought up: The people that ""enhanced"" this game have no respect what so ever for the original game or it's fanbase (calling the original sexist, calling critics misogynists and transphobes) When they were called out on it, they made a backhanded statement, anyone who called out their bad writing, or the writers themselves for their lack of repsect, were labelled ""Gamergaters"" and just hand waved the complaints.So here's what I think... MAYBE buy this. DON'T buy at full price if you do (wait until it goes to, like, %75 of on a sale or something.) MAYBE pick up the original off amazon just in case they break it more.And whatever you do, STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THE DLC! Unless you like broken quests, annoying characters, high-school tier writing, mary sues, and railroading."
76561198050254939,Not Recommended,228280,23879902,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SpookySerene,"If you want to play with 3 or more of your friends, don't get it. Won't let them all load in. Tried with 5 and two or three would aways disconnect right after we finished creating our characters."
76561198053338747,Not Recommended,228280,22397512,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,chrismeddersmb,The game won't let you get past character creation.
,Not Recommended,228280,22383344,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ddaymace,"I bought this game when it was first enhanced, but haven't reviewed it until the 2.0 release.  The 2.0 release is trouble.  Beamdog has taken upon themselves to modify a classic game to their liking, in a hodgepodge, buggy and non-canonical sort of way, rather than make their own game.If I could go back to the 1.x enhanced edition I would, since it's approach was more conservative, but now, since there is no ""classic mode"" of BG enhanced, there is no way to play simply a modernized version of BG without Beamdog's new take on how the game should be.  Instead, I'll have to install the old version from GOG.Beamdog should really consider offering a vanilla BG enhanced.  I have to rate their additions as not recommended because new fans will think the new chars and new interface they've added is BG and simply not play the original.  The enhanced edition started as a celebration of the classic, and now is a frankenstein based on beamdog's bottom line and inability to make their own retro rpg."
,Recommended,228280,10001885,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,MisterPete,Fantastic classic game.  The only question is whether to get Baldur's Game: Enhanced Edition and Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition or to pick up the originals onGOG.comand use mods to combine them and play them at their best with lots of user created content optionally added as well.  The Enchanced Editions win on ease of use but if you are planning to seriously get into these games then playing the originals modded currently offers the most options.  This may change as people mod the Enhanced Editions more.
,Not Recommended,228280,22355843,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Voittaminen,Anyone that knows me knows that my two favourite games are Deus Ex and Baldur's Gate 2. So naturally when I saw an  Enhanced Edition existed I immediately asked them to shut up and take my steam funds.What I expected: The same experience but with better looking models and improved multiplayer.What I got instead: Additional bugs. Additional performance issues. Hacks rewriting characters to suit their own agendas.REDACTED that noise. REDACTED Enhanced Edition. Get on Good Old Games dot completely boss and buy from there instead.
76561198032643745,Not Recommended,228280,24504426,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Synome,"I would not recommend buying this from Beamdog.  Just buy the original version and mod it, you won't miss much.This game series has always been a favorite of mine.  I bought the original version when it first came out and have played it many times through-out the years.  Most people would assume that an ""enhanced version"" would be a better version.  That couldn't be further from the truth.  I struggle to see any actual enhancements which make this game worth buying and the numerous bugs overshadow any actual features that were added.The hours I've logged so far to this game have all been multiplayer, so my experience is written from that point of view only.  I remain impressed at how this company took an original game which ran great and introduced numerous frustrating, sometimes game breaking, bugs.  More than once now, I've had to use cheats to fix my game so that its playable again for things like disappearing items and entering required game zones which crash the game every time.  At one point all of my saves would no longer run.  I had to wait for an update which took a month to fix the saves so that I could play again without starting over.  To make it worse, it seems like every update introduces ""exciting"" new bugs.  There really isn't much worthwhile in terms of enhancements.It has been a test of patience to continue playing this game with a friend.  We have quit playing before because the crashes and freezes became too frustrating.  I wonder how much of my logged play time is actually just from restarting the game because of a game crash or bug.  My faith in Beamdog hit a new low when I read about what they did with their DragonSpear expansion.  Hiring a developer who has an admitted agenda of forcing her politically correct views into games is not okay.  She changed established character backgrounds from BG1 in the expansion just to meet her view of how characters in this fantasy world should be.  I won't be buying anything further from a company that is so disrespectful to such a legendary game series.Here is a list of some of the bugs that I've encountered in multiplayer.- Game freezes for multiplayer friends if the main character dies.  All players must completely exit and restart game to fix.- Can no longer enter the Friendly Arm Inn without crashing- Items have disappeared from inventory more than once- Saved games won't load, forcing you to use an older save- Friends in multiplayer are VERY frequently randomly booted- UI sometimes randomly disappears altogether- Many random crashes to desktop which don't appear to have a repeatable cause"
,Not Recommended,228280,22301057,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Xcrypto,"I hate writing negative review about anything ,especially when a game is your beloved one.This comment will be an exception.I played this 'enchanted' edition for half an hour and I must say that everything,every detail about this edition seems wrong.I loved the art style of the old game but they killed that ambiance in new edition.I started with Shaman and I think it doesn't fit into the storyline.I will update after I play significantly long but until that day I doubt that this impression will change.We will see.They could have at least learned something from the creators of the Monkey Island (The special edition also has its drawback but the at least  player can switch between editions).I know that they introduced new things into game but they could have managed something better.Anyway, it is better to stick with old edition."
,Not Recommended,228280,22347094,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fox,This game was a diamond. Now it's a pile of cat vomit after your update. Go and shove that user interface into some greyish-brown FPS. I cannot begin to describe how you defiled the graphics. I'm speachless. GIVE ME MY GAME BACK!
,Recommended,228280,18216948,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ephique,"I can't recommend this game enough, it's a timeless classic that still holds up. This game was pioneering in the art of giving the players choices that actually affect the story, outcome and the world surrounding it, but that's not the initial freedom that makes this game great. It's the character modification/arrangements you can make, you make your own party of friends/adventurers and your only problem is that you will have a hard time deciding which ones you want in your team because they are all likeable and diverse.The forgotten realms lore, all witty comments, all the dialogue, the dnd charm -- beg on these bonuses and buy this motherfu- right now."
,Recommended,228280,22222483,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Vayne,Placeholder Gate
76561197999069631,Not Recommended,228280,22298379,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,FuehrerinFerkel,The graphics overhaul doesnt make the game better and with the terrible expansion BD has damaged the name of one of the best RPGs of all time.Play the original and save your money.
76561198059887515,Recommended,228280,33701662,Posted: 21 July,all,xite0069,"A real blast from the past revived. Definitely worth playing, loads of extras on the original version. Loved this game 17 years ago, love it just as much today!"
,Not Recommended,228280,33360720,Posted: 7 July,all,Swingletree(Simon),"Played through BG1 and Siege of Dragonspear. This is a spoiler-free review of Siege of Dragonspear.I am, however, going to spoil the review and say up front that I would probably have given this one a ""neutral"" score if I could.SMALL PREAMBLEI'm aware of the ""controversy"", but the game has been updated to alter the content in question since then, and I've only played this version. Nothing really struck me as too overly political, which I think is what was at the heart of the matter.PROS- The writing fits the (kind of weird) tone of BG1 very well, but is more concise. This is great.- Some of the new companion characters and side stories with the old companions, are actually pretty fun.- I think the tie-ins with the mini-campaign ""The Black Pits"" will work really well if you play Black Pits after Dragonspear.- The combat encounters are generally a little more focused than they were in BG1 (or Icewind Dale), with smarter enemy scripts for some battles (using potions or alchemical grenades, or setting up ambushes with magic for example,) and fewer ""time waster"" encounters (though there are a still a couple of those teleporting spiders here and there.)- Some of the voice actors do a really good job, hamming it up and chewing scenery in ways that really do feel like Baldur's Gate.- A lot of the environments look rather nice, especially compared to BG1. We also never ran into any very badly designed dungeon corridors or other places that completely obscured the party (like there are many of in BG1)- If you're willing to deal with some pretty serious bugs, the co-op actually mostly works, which is more than I honestly dared hope.- The tie-in between BG1 Imoen and BG2 Imoen works fairly well.CONS- The co-op is much buggier than BG1, (and BG1 was already much buggier than Icewind Dale.)- Some of the voices are a complete trainwreck. There are a few truly terrible voice actors in the game (as in ""this is probably someone from the dev team"" level of acting). Some just desperately need a pop filter or a microphone that records in higher fidelity than a WW2-era radio broadcast. The quality whiplash from the best to the worst is staggering.- Story bugs. There are several, but here's one example: there's a bug where a certain NPC you need to talk to simply leaves, disappearing from the game. The only way to get around it is to do a seemingly unrelated and nonsensical thing where you ""change your mind"" when talking to your questgiver a few times - then you can turn in the quest with another NPC who hasn't left (the same NPC who previously insisted that you needed to talk to Mr Absent).- Very minor/early spoiler;The very first thing you're told is that the crusade is ""displacing people"". But how and why? What are they doing and why is it causing a refugee crisis? This question is left unanswered.- My biggest peeve with this game is this: you're able to break the sequence of the main story so that you know important plot information early. This also happens occasionally in BG1/IWD, but in this case it's a huge and crucially important piece of information about what's happening that would change everything if you could act upon it. But alas, your character behaves as if it never happened and can't mention it in dialogue or act upon it, until much later. In other words, a huge gaping flaw in the game's narrative that undermines the game's storytelling efforts more or less completely, depending on who you are. I was not immersed; I was exasperated.BOTTOM LINE: If you think you'll feel differently about the way the story is written, then I can probably recommend it to you, if you like Baldur's Gate."
76561198043030413,Not Recommended,228280,22443936,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sonovaclaus,"I'm currently in college and have next to no time on my hands. I played Baldur's Gate during winter break in 2015 with a couple of friends and had a great time, though we never got close to beating the game. I hadn't played it since until today. I saw the huge controversy surrounding the new expansion as well as the overhaul that it brought, which was implemented into even the base game. Furthermore, I saw many of the negative reviews it was getting on Steam. I had to get back into the game. I had to check it out. Oh. My. God. What have they done? This isn't what I payed for with my Christmas money."
76561198053356983,Recommended,228280,32947017,Posted: 28 June,all,rogershuttleworth,Baldar's Gate is a fun game with a varity of challenges.
,Not Recommended,228280,20180990,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TomKQT,"Baldurs's Gate I is a great game and I've loved it since its first release. I expected this version to be polished and running without any problems (no need to install mods etc.). Yes, it is extremely easy to install and start this version. But it's also extremely annoying to play it because it can freeze (crash) 30times in one hour... And even if it runs, it lags when you move something in the inventory - it's not doing this all the time, sometimes everything is fine, but in like 2/3 of the time each move of an item requires you to wait for 2 seconds.I searched the internet for days, found multiple fixes (turn off antivir, start as admin, use compatibility with XP/Vista/Whatever, run windowed/fullscreen, increase/decrease framerate, countless number of workarounds), some of them seemed to be working, but all the problems were back in few minutes. I even copied the game files to a different folder (simpler path) and played it without Steam, which also didn't help. But I have more hours in the game than Steam shows for me.I was leveling Imoen 10times before I finaly could distribute all thief skill points without the game crashing (freezing, forcing me to restart it). I was trying to get an item identified at a shop 15times before I gave up and dropped the item. I have been trying to sell my loot from the Durlag's Tower at a shop so many times now that I stopped playing the game. I'm not having fun anymore.From the new features I noticed only the quick loot dialog, which is quite fine. And of course the fact the the game looks and works like BGII now, which is really great (no sarcasm).New content is tied to new characters and if you don't want them in your party (I didn't), you get nothing new.As far as the game itself (BG) is concerned, I recommend it absolutely. But this Enhanced Edition is not worth it, you should rather get some other version, especially if you can get it cheaper."
,Recommended,228280,14436271,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Louve,I only played a little but it was fun
76561197987159453,Not Recommended,228280,22313941,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,megawidget,"This is for the latest update.  ♥♥♥♥ you.  It worked well, why did you feel the compulsion to add bugs to an already-working game?  Pro-♥♥♥♥ing-tip: when you die, don't have the game pop you back to the main campaign, when you're playing The Black Pits."
76561198098039440,Recommended,228280,35055184,Posted: 18 September,all,Landi,"A disappointment when it comes to multiplayer, but it is worth the buy for single player alone. SOD is especially bad when it comes to multiplayer, bugs galore. But this new content is good and I'd say it's worth it if you stick to single player."
76561198140056203,Recommended,228280,31715648,Posted: 12 May,all,Jack B Nymble,"Baldur's Gate is a great RPG that holds up very well despite its age, even moreso with the polish that Beamdog has added to it. A few rough edges here and there but they pale in comparison to the game's strong points. Fighting tough enemies will require a bit of preparation and thinking which enhances the sense of accomplishment when you best them. Sometimes you're forced to make judgement calls without knowing all the details and the consequences of your actions yield different results. Characters are varied and interesting.OS:Windows 10Graphics:Intel HD5500CPU:Intel Core i3Pros:Excellent dialoguePlenty of humorGood graphicsLots of contentStable. Crashes are rare.Cons:Tough enemies and slow exp gain in early game might turn off people.D&D rules are a bit odd at first. For instance, the lower the armor class the better the armor.Quests are sorted by Story Chapters instead of Area or Completion.First Playthrough Tips:Overwhelmed by class choices? Paladin subclass Cavalier gets you a Lawful Good warrior that is immune to poison, can detect evil, and can cast heals as you level up.Save often. Experiment with the consequences of your actions.Identify blue items before using them.Experience is gained mainly through quests and enemies are tough early game. Since exp is shared across party members, leveling can be slow. You might try getting to lvl 2 with Imoen before adding teammates.Some teammates have personal missions that need completed before they'll follow loyally. They'll leave if you ignore their mission for too long.Don't be afraid to turn down potential teammates or swap. They can generally rejoin the party when you want.Some building doors are hidden since the game is isometric. Hover the cursor where you'd expect a door to be and you might find one.Save inventory space and increase profits by grabbing Gem Bag from Wild Mage and Scroll Case from Firebead in Beregost. Grab Potion Case from Wizard in High Guard west of Beregost."
76561198002351903,Not Recommended,228280,24544092,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"KARL FRANZ, PRINCE AND EMPEROR","I have this version and another site's version, called the Complete Saga which includes ToTSC. Although I have a lot of hours on this version, I now play the (GOG) version, which used to be cheaper (a different story).I'm writing this for my past self and anyone new (that is aged 12-18) to RPGs looking to get into what are regarded by some CRPG lovers as the best who might click this, see the Enhanced Edition moniker, and believe that this is the definitive version of the game.Unfortunately the base version of this Enhanced Edition has AI as pathetic as the original, low quality, mod-tier NPCs, and a UI vastly different from the original's but without any improvements. (The 431 hours I have were spent avoiding the NPCs after the first playthrough, were modded with at least Sword Coast Stratagems, and were before Dragonspear.)The EE is not a definitive version of Baldur's Gate. In fact, there is no definitive, polished, best version of this game, anywhere. It's something you have to scrap together from separate resources, and even then, you likely won't create the best version of the game. I just spent some hours a few days ago trying to reinstall the game on a different PC before I gave up and started playing Baldur's Gate II. And I'm not an idiot. The installation process for the mods is archaic and so easy to make a mistake. There are even differences between modding BG and BG2 because one of the best mods for BG converts it to BG2's engine, but the BG (tutu) is not exactly the same as BG2.Beamdog set out to enhance the game, but they did not make the game better than what is possible with mods.But regardless of my personal feelings towards Beamdog and their added content, I can't recommend this game even if you were looking to play it as soon as you download it. The Enhanced Edition has had a bad history with bugs. They've added patches designed to quash the bugs of their previous patches which introduced new bugs. Their patches are not stable.Baldur's Gate Original Saga is an old game that works. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is a newer game that often does not work."
,Recommended,228280,27321545,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nec,one of the best (if not the best) d&d games i've ever played. the world needs more (good) d&d games suchs as this one!
76561198022903052,Recommended,228280,14078244,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Chuck Farvre,"Forgive my english -This isn't a review but more of a testimony. 14 hours in.I just started playing the classics for my first time. I played DOS which led to Wasteland which was based on fallout1-2 and I enjoyed  Wasteland.So I tried Fallout 2 and I didn't get it for the first 4 hours(at least) and I quit once and started over. But after the initial fail I  really really enjoyed the game. I can't say I ever played a better one. It's an epic story of honor and revenge. Skyrim, witcher2 , ME12, DAO ... it was as good as any of them.So I couldn't play yet another post apocalypse rpg so i decided to try BG2 which everyone seems to agree is one of the top rpgs of all time.I struggled again at the beginning. 6 hours of not liking the game and I also quit once.  And then I started to get into it. It had better party building than Fallout2 and the world  was starting to get interesting   So I stopped because I knew I needed to play BG in order to fully appreciate BG2 because they reference BG in the dialogue.OK, so now I'm playing BG and again the first 4 hours sucked. I was even bored. Even though I knew the UI and play style already from BG2. Again I quit (went back) once and changed some decisions. I didn't pick up Minsc (yet) because I hated the time limit on the quest. It made me nervous.So, anyway, I finally acclimated to the pace and game style and it is a great game so far. Since it's my first run through it's a challenge. I've already lost 2 men (who I didn't mind losing or else I would have loaded the last save).  The combat is fun.Really though the balance is incredible.  The action happens in well spaced intervals. So far the side quests are fun. I'm in no rush to push the game along.  Level progress is nice and slow. I feel very underdeveloped now and I'm happy to have this gang I've put together. Some of them are selfish. One is evil. All are quirky.  Money is scarce.  And I'm not sure what's going on and why I'm being hunted. We are heading down to Neshkel because that's where the actions at. I was there and a bit further t on my first runthrough but I rage quit. This time it's  nicer.I'm sure this game is going to be great. I guess the point of this ""review"" is that you might need to take some time to get into these older games. Once you acclimate to the graphics and the pace you no longer miss anythig about the new games and you get all this great game programing and story telling by  people who REALLY loved their product . Not the ""this is a game made with love"" BS tag line the reviewers say about EVERY game now. This one was obviously made by people who loved  games and fantasy.The action is fun once you learn the rules.The text , which is a main fake complaint about old school rpgs is fine. ""the wall of text"" stuff is a myth. It's the opposite. The writing reflects the ""efficiency"" of text based adventures from the era. Zork (the first text adventure?) never gives you more than a few lines to read. It's the same with BG. Those writers were more skilled than todays. I loved Skyrim but the writing in BG is superior. Skyrim gets long winded and repetitive."
,Recommended,228280,26458671,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,AnorZaken,"When this first came out, I embraced the idea - I'm not a hardcore purist (some complain about some ""out-of-place"" changes to the game).Sure, early on there were a number of bugs, not all of them were bad though, some of the bugs could even be funny.After a while they patched it some and it worked better (aww, some nice bugs are gone) :P...But then they patched it some more.Now I really wish I could roll back the game to an earlier version.Why?The later patches introduced a very poorly coded graphical ""update"" which allowed zooming in and out. In theory that's a great feature, and it can even be disabled, however...The way their updated game/shaders handles the texture-scaling IS SO BAD that they made a 16year old game look WORSE than on its release - even if you turn the zooming feature off (because it will still use the new crappy rendering regardless).For your information I used to be a game programmer (then switched over to academic research), which is how I know this could, and should, have been done a hundred times better - they seriously need to fire the guy responsible for the new rendering. It's basically the least effort implementation possible, using the most basic form of blurry texture stretching available instead of using any of the many techniques more suitable for pixel-graphics - of which there exists many to choose from - or even just a better general purpose one!I would be ashamed to put this graphics update on my resumé unless there was some special condition attached to it like ""they only gave me a single evening to complete it"" or ""I didn't get paid"" (but then that just begs to question why I would put it on my resumé at all).Because of my past occupation this is like a sore thumb constantly irritating and distracting me - knowing what an insultingly bad implementation they used. Call it an occupational hazard, but I simply couldn't enjoy the game anymore because of this.Edit:Just tried it out again and it seems they have fired that guy! :D(Or he/she got his/her♥♥♥♥♥♥together.)Once again I can enjoy / recommend this game. Keep playing! :)"
,Recommended,228280,28570501,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,OHurcum,"The original Baldur's gate was a fantastic game, it was a genre defining RPG that original version holds up amazingly (if you can get your hands on a CD copy), yet this version seems to have improved on an almost perfect game. The remastered graphics are exceptional and the smoothness in the way this game runs leaves many other Steam games in it's wake. I don't know what more can be said - if you like D&D buy this game, if you like RPG's buy this game, if you like gaming buy this game, basically just buy this game. I look forward to clocking many more hours into this gem...9.5/10"
76561198024731097,Recommended,228280,20337123,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,daofrau,"I fell in love with one side character and one side character alone, his name was Minsc.MY other party members were too busy calling me queer, ""why aren't you a queer fellow"" -Imoenor telling me I was going to fail, ""Our quest is vain"" -Xanfor me to care for them.Minsc, however, took the feet out from under my feet and always knew what to say to keep me going in the right direction, ""butt-kicking for goodness!"" -MinscMinsc only wanted one thing in return for his presence. To free his friend from the vile scourge of a gnoll encampment.I was more than willing to assist Minsc to achieve his goal, but I was currently on my way to vanquish the foes that were tormenting the Nashkel mines, but I assured Minsc I would help after.As soon as I breathed my first breath of air from the godforsaken mines of Nanshekel I gave Minsc one of those sexy side winks, but all he could reply with was, ""Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, watch it! I'm huge!""I could tell Minsc was growing impatient, so I pushed on towards to the gnoll encampment without any delay. We were unfortunately walaid by many the highwayman and foe. I thought Minsc was enjoying the adventure with his enthusiastc war yaps, ""The squeeky wheel gets the kick"", I was wrong, however, so very wrong.I was precisely one load zone away from the gnoll encampment (one ****ing loadzone!), filled with glee to help my friend Minsc, but when we got there I then understood true disapointment.We loaded in and I looked to Minsc hoping to see gaiety and pride. Instead I saw hate and utter disapointment, ""hey  Minsc, heh, so we got to the gnolls like you wanted, heh, ready to save your friend?""Unfortunately there was no love left to be felt by Minsc' eyes. His eyes were black and full of rage like a shark that smells blood.""Heh, hey Minsc, heh, ready to go save your friend?""In one fell swoop Minsc drew his +1 two-handed sword and dropped the negative-nancy wizard, Xan, like a dirty sack of potatoes.""Minsc! What are you doing?!""""You say you help save friend, but You not help at all!!!"" Then Minsc began hacking the not so politically correct and naive rogue, Imoen, but I didn't care. All I cared was that I get through to my one true side character Minsc, so I did the only thing I could do. I Ran.I began running frantically through the gnoll stronghold, praying that Minsc would recognize we were where he wanted to be all along and stop slashing at my dwarf cleric main character, ""Owen"", instead I now had an army ofgnolls chasing me and my beloved Minsc who couldn't care two shakes about the gnoll army that he was now seemingly a part of from my perspective.I continued running, pleading through my laptop screen until I hit a dead end and there was no where left for me to run. My escape was blocked by an angry horde of gnolls, and an even angrier Minsc.I tried besting the gnolls in hopes it would in someway calm Minsc down, but when he came within striking distance of me all I could feel was the sharp cold iron impale me just under my ribcage and I collapsed like house of cards in a poolof not only my own blood, by also that of gnoll, looking up at my beloved Minsc, ""I forgive you"" I whispered.""*Squeak* Boo says that he was just doing his job,"" -Minsc.10/10 would fall in love with Minsc, only to be killed by him again."
76561197985436652,Not Recommended,228280,22257614,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The 5th Carry,A time honored classic...ruined with an expansion created by social justice warriors and their agendas ...
76561198085584364,Recommended,228280,23223176,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Kaesar,"I always loved playing this Baldur's Gate. Since the OG in 1998 to the ones on PS2 its been my favorite RPG.  Mainly because it takes place in the D&D world. And I am glad someone is trying to bring the old game back to life.There are a lot of bugs still in this game. Not as much as the OG. As there is a lot of them fixed, and you don't need to download a ton of mods to fix it. I think what ever the last patch added however, messed the save games up. It just deleted them. Then I notice the picture was missing for those save games and you can CLICK on an invisible picture. SOMETIMES it lets you load it, most the time(like 95% of the time) it doesn't. I tried starting a new character. Saved. Went to load it. It was not there.What I think would make this game better, is more items to choose from. Seriously beamdog, pick up a D&D players handbook, and just make more weapons. IE: Rapier, Hand Cross bow, Blow gun(useless, but still) Great Axe, Maul, just more basic stuff. More visual, hell, why not just update the rules a bit more as well, and add in more of the Lore that is in the Sword Coast(seens how they just made another expanison for D&D 5.0 based in the Sword Coast) than just the little bit that you have done and then want to charge $20.00 for.I would still recommend this Game however. But I doubt most people want to pay 20 for a game from 98 with just some paint added to it."
76561198155337412,Not Recommended,228280,22456582,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tatsumaki - Fubuki,"It was realy ""GREAT"" game until beamdog decide to ruin game Thanks a lot...."
76561198011331815,Not Recommended,228280,29220774,Posted: 13 January,all,Gallow,"Loved the originals, disc swap and all that jazz. I see what beamdog is trying to do, and respect them as fans of the franchise. HOWEVER over half a year and no updates, hotfixes or patches in its current state of mod-breaking bugs  and bugs in general. No ETA on fixes or updates, nothing but ""soon"" for the past half a year. Well its been only 6+ months but hey you know whats on their newsfeed? A NEW secret game that they are developing and need testers for. Sorry Beamdog we are breaking up, my wallet no longer loves you."
76561198075280326,Recommended,228280,35056773,Posted: 18 September,all,MajorSushi Rollz,Brings back the memories of sunday gaming in a dark basement with the glow or crt monitors
76561198117924084,Recommended,228280,35115361,Posted: 21 September,all,CzR HGG Champs,"A bit dated, but then so am I. I have fond memories of the Icewind Dale package, played in my younger years and this scratches the same itch. I suppose a younger generation will end up playing Divinity 2 and i might do eventuallly, but for now i'll search for Drizzt"
,Recommended,228280,32964435,Posted: 28 June,all,Ice King,Verry good classic DnD game.
,Recommended,228280,33108800,Posted: 1 July,all,Doil_Milk,still rolling stats10/10 would reroll again
76561198004431735,Not Recommended,228280,22833487,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,feldor,"Hi, I'm not much of a reviewer but just tried this for the first time and was a bit disappointed. The graphics and overall performance is very sluggish or how you say it. I would have thought they could have made it smooth, but at least with my system:Intel Core i7 4790K @ 4.00GHz16,0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 799MHz (10-10-10-30)4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 (ASUStek Computer Inc)etc. it isn't.Of course the main point for this great game is not the graphics, but still it makes a difference to me. It looks a bit like Ultima 6 with outlined characters imo but at that time at least it was obvious it was sluggish.... I have to admit I haven't played this but only few minutes, but this is the first impression. The same good game is there of course, but... As I have played it years back ago (the original that is) and I also have Baldur's Gate II viagog.com, I think this ""enhanced"" isn't worth the money. Though they do sell this also ongog.com...I don't recommend this version, but just my opinion so take it as it is.Cheers..."
76561198100806616,Recommended,228280,11925407,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,bburroughs,"Baldur's Gate is one of my all time favorite RPGs.  It is a turn based role playing game that emulates 2nd Edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons.  It is based in the Forgotten Realms in the Sword Coast region.  The story line is fun and engaging.  The level up process is interesting and rewarding and the Non Player Characters are fleshed out well.The Enhanced Edition has only made it better.  Besides ironing out some bugs from the original game, they also added some new NPC players complete with side quests.  I also like that they have enabled all of the extra classes from Baldur's Gate II.I have always like BG1 over BG2 because it doesn't feel as ""rail roady"".  You eventually do have to finish the main quest but along the way they give you quite a bit of latitutude to do side quests.In all this is an Amazing game."
76561198013981893,Recommended,228280,25114534,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Charisma,"Everyone that likes RPGs should play through the Baldur's gate series at some point. It's among my favorite games ever. I think the second game is a lot better, but I still recommend this game. The enhanced edition doesn't add a lot, but I would still recommend it. It's made for modern computers and doesn't require mods to be played. The new companions is a good addition to the game, and I like the new UI. I really really recommend getting some of the best mods like Sword Coast Stratagems, as the game gets more challeninging, but in a better way than just increasing the difficulty (AI improvements)."
,Recommended,228280,7684935,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,TekDragon,"As Fallout was to Wasteland, so too was Baldur's Gate to the text based fantasy adventures and RPGs that came before it. An isometric classic, Baldur's Gate paved the way for now-legendary D&D PC Forgotten Realms RPG titles like Baldur's Gate II, Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment, and Neverwinter Nights.With the Enhanced Edition, Baldur's Gate has now been repackaged to include the expansion, Talers of the Sword Cost, and been reoptimzed with modern resolutions and compatability fixes.Potential customers should know that with Baldur's Gate they are getting an epic classic RPG adventure and the ability to import their playthrough into Baldur's Gate II, also released with an Enhanced Edition.The price you pay for this adventure is an RPG that, like many of its time, does not hold hands. You will be expected to make a charachter and maintain that charachter and a party of adventures through the archaic (even at its time) AD&D 2nd Edition ruleset. Conversation paths and encounters can open up or lock you out of future quests without warning. A single unprepared encounter with a greater basilisk, a web trapped giant spider enclave, or a wizard ambush can decimate even over-leveled parties in seconds.While many classic RPG fans would call Baldur's Gate a ""must play"", I fully acknowledge that the depth, openness, and difficulty of the series can be a major turnoff to modern gamers. To those who take the plunge, feel free to hit me up with advice for charachter creation and remember that the Q key is for quicksaves. Use it often."
76561198069659704,Recommended,228280,35155778,Posted: 23 September,all,Max Doge,"One of my favorite games that I often come back to despite knowing the story inside and out because it offers incredible replay value. The game is pretty old but it has a loyal following and a modding community that keeps coming up with new mods and fun ways to play the game. The modding community has kept the game alive for years so I couldn't be happier when the developers decided to officially bring it back to life. I've probably spent hundreds of hours revisiting the game over the past 15 years trying out different classes, mods and messing around with ironman playthroughs. The Enhanced Edition itself has enough quality of life improvements and fresh content to make it worthwhile even for veterans of the series, but it's perfect for players who haven't played it in years, or ever. An absolute must play for everyone that even remotely likes CRPGs, beause this is still the best CRPG ever made."
76561198233981596,Recommended,228280,35096811,Posted: 20 September,all,Emphazium,"As good as it used to be back then, when I played it as a teenager. A lasting reference, if you like that kind of game. If indeed you do, go ahead and have fun, otherwise you may not really enjoy it. (For french speakers : french dubbing in itself is a masterpiece)."
76561198007158260,Recommended,228280,34899255,Posted: 12 September,all,Zirak,"My first introduction to RPGs in general was Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn and I never got round to playing the original Baldur's Gate until the Enhanced Edition.Simply put, if you enjoy classic RPGs, it's fantastic. The interface and resolutions are all updated and modernised for larger screens and work beautifully, the game runs extremely well and the gameplay remains as compelling as ever. It still allows modding so any other perceived failings can potentially be addressed through this route and all told the game is a fantastic package and well worth the money when you consider the vanilla game requires a certain amount of modding to be brought to the same level.That all said, there are some downsides - the EE NPCs are a little inconsistent, where their quests or personality don't quite fit in, or they're compelling and interesting but mechanically fall short (looking at you, Rasaad). The voice work is top notch, but the writing could be better.Still, even just as an updated and modernised Baldur's Gate the Enhanced Edition is well worth it and I've now played this more than I have BG2."
,Not Recommended,228280,8303839,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KaioShin,"I had played this game as a kid and went into it with a huge nostalgia bonus, but I can't in good conscience recommend it anymore. Don't be fooled by the ""Enhanced Edition""moniker, the game is still filled from top to bottom with bugs and frustrations. The storyline is decent (though those of the sidequests and companions aren't) and in the higher levels the tactical, semi-turn-based D&D combat still is a big draw, but it's not nearly enough to make up for all the problems.Balancing for example simply doesn't exist. The early levels are especially horrible since dying or not constantly hinges on a single dice roll (you have less total hp than most enemies can dish out in damage with one hit). The later levels are mostly okay, except for the new content from the expansion, that is simply frustrating and no fun at all. Still, throughout the entire game it all boils down to quicksaving after every fight and then reloading whenever something goes wrong, over and over until the dice fall into the place you need them to.I'm sorry, but don't buy this."
76561197991800124,Recommended,228280,32755853,Posted: 24 June,all,Goblin King,"I have been wanting to play this game for a long time but thought it would not suit me as I like Hack and slash rpg I was so wrong No it is not Torchlight or Diablo this is special it grips you and takes you on an adventure I don't think I will forget for a long time I am only 17 hours into the game and totally hooked, The graphics are dated even on the enhanced version but if you like adventure spending hours tweaking all the adventures stats, learning Spells and Dungeons and Dragons Rules you can not get better than these games I bought the whole collection on steam summer sale 66% off it was worth it for the Sound Tracks alone which I love to listen too while Painting D&D Miniatures10/10 for pure Classic Awesomeness"
,Not Recommended,228280,20448229,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Conkeldurr,"90 hours of my time wasted on a game that was ruined by one bad ""update"" that made the UI unusable and added many new bugs.I am sorry if this seems a little aggressive but I am annoyed at how badly this game has been screwed"
,Not Recommended,228280,21405599,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,zomgieee,"Update - With the April 2.0 UI changes I cannot recommend BG:EE.  In Beamdog's efforts to.. I don't even KNOW what, make it more like a tablet game ? They have taken something beautiful and made it suck.It's almost impressive how they have both dumbed it down yet made things more confusing.  Avoid until patched or modded out.  Alternatively seek the GoG original version and patch the hell out of it.  *sigh*"
76561198119782293,Not Recommended,228280,23280172,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dude Bro Man Guy,New updates ruined this game for me.
76561197961464263,Recommended,228280,34006191,Posted: 3 August,all,kirthalion,"One of the greatest games ever made then enhanced. I have played this game at least 50 times over since it was first released and logged many more hours than Steam would lead you to believe. This is a game that you must experience.To really enjoy the first time through and appreciate the depth in the game allow your characters to die from time to time if it doesn't occur naturally so you can witness the difficulty as you function on 3 half dead party members attempting to carry the remains of their dead party members back to the healer, at times choosing between hard earned magic items and the very body of your companion in a sick game of what you value more in the world.There are a number of characters I might abandon if they died during the course of the game, but never Minsc. A pair like Minsc and Boo should never find themselves face down in a ditch by your choice. Now if his corpse explodes in a shower of body parts, he is what we call in the business 'all dead.' There's only one thing you can do with 'all dead.' Go through his pockets and look for loose change."
,Recommended,228280,12284127,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hardcore UFO,"One of my all-time favourite games. Still holds up perfectly today. I enjoy how it's more open and loosely structured than the sequel, which gives the game a real sense of adventure as you don't know what you will stumble across next. Enhanced Edition content is ~okay~, tonally it's different to the OG content so it sticks out a bit, but it's worth a playthrough. The addition of Neera means there is now an excellent good-aligned mage to recruit. QOL improvements make this the definitive version."
76561198103936135,Recommended,228280,12595764,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,AegisWangSW69,Baldurs gate and baldurs gate 2 are two of the best story driven d&d fantasy games that have ever been created from the characters to the primary plot line to the dialog and choices you make in the game hands down this franchise changed how we enjoy our games and the way they affect us and the way we affect the universe we are playing in mass effect dragon age they both started here first a must play and a must experiance game if you are into fantasy epics! two thumbs way up! love this game!!!
,Recommended,228280,30624132,Posted: 19 March,all,Turgic,"Fantastic, a blast from the past as those kids say nowadays."
,Recommended,228280,25440678,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mohthorn,"You must gather your party before venturing forth.———————————————————————————————————————————It seems that most of reviews have a deep affection for the original game a long time ago so they know about some differences between the original version and this EE and want to talk about it. As for Chinese reviews, there are just a whole lot of people complaining about localization. I am just a fresh newcomer to Baldur’s gate, actually this EE version and I think it couldn’t have changed much from the original one because the game is still sooooo great.I’ve beaten some Bioware games so I know some of the modern Bioware features: gorgeous main quest, lovable companions, tons of lore and some homosexual staff. Side quests, however, are not strong in those Bioware titles I've played such as in Mess Effect and Dragon Age. However, Baldur’s gate gives me a feeling more like it is a pioneer of skyrim for the open world exploration and endless side quests, or, more appropriately, side ""events"". It is the point of exploration in games that you can always encounter some interesting people and fun stories during your whether or not aimless wandering. That is why I like Bethesda games despite some of their poor designs. Many of those events in Baldur's gate does not have complete storylines. Some of them are just small moral choices to enrich lore. It does not mean that the game has weak side quests. On the contrary, some of the actual side quests are surprisingly good and there are not many simple “go to the dungeon and fetch me something” quests like in skyrim.The game feels like skyrim in some way. But judging from some other aspects, I guess it looks pretty Bioware, even though it might not be the modern Bioware I know. Companions, for example, are quite likable. However, companion part is in a quite similar situation like the quest part is in the game. We have a great amount of companions and nearly none of them have much to do about stories. Instead, they are just being different kinds of combatants with interesting characteristics. Companions in other bioware titles, such as dragon age, can be trustworthy friend, lovers that you really are in love with, tutors and students. Companions in Baldur’s gate are not as good as those in Dragon Age franchise in my opinion, but is still far better than some RPGs such as skyrim. Here I’d like to say that although beamdog might have messed something up in the game, they really did a good job writing and designing those new companions. Dorn and Neera are really cute and Rasaad is much more interesting than a common lawful good guy.The main quest in this game is applaudable, mainly owing to the last two chapters in my opinion. But it is not as good as many other RPGs. In Dragon Age Origin, the four branch main quests allow you to explore four kinds of distinguished powers in Thedas and every one of them is a fantastic adventure, letting you learn the lore from a dimensional point of view. In Baldur's gate, however, all of your heroic actions in early chapters is indeed solving local people problems as the hero does in DAO except the dungeons are less exciting. They are just mines filled with annoying traps. Those adventures in Tales of the Sword Coast expansion is much better and more intense in story and dungeons than those in the original game. Durlag’s tower is probably still one of the best designed dungeons in game history.Thanks to D&D rules, combat is fun in this game. I usually don’t care that much about combat components but I went through the manual thoroughly to get familiar with those rules. To me, the most fun part is spells. I’ve never seen so many different kinds of spells in one game. Many of them serves purposes, not just some kind of duplication. There are always different ways to beat enemies if you put your mage and spells in good use.To conclude the review, Baldur’s gate combines some of the good elements in popular modern RPGs from groups like Bethesda and Bioware as well as its own D&D derived story  and strategy-based combat. It might not be an appropriate expression since the game is much older than those modern titles. In that way, some part of the game may seem crude to a modern RPG fan. But that does not prevent the game from remaining a masterpiece even today. The game is still fun in today’s standard but enjoying the game needs some effort. At least remember to go back to the manual when you have questions. If you are interested in western RPGs and looking forward for more, I think Baldur’s Gate Enhanced Edition is a must play."
76561198057785714,Not Recommended,228280,22169747,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SpaceCodet,It's a good game. For me it was messed up. So I got a refund.
76561198032035656,Not Recommended,228280,22290305,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,deadpool77,Get it from GOG
76561198227235100,Not Recommended,228280,22558933,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tommy,Beamdog is the worst studio ever.
,Not Recommended,228280,9503709,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,AyCe,"""Enhanced Edition"" - no. They updated the resolution and probably removed the (now useless) performance-vs-quality options as well as a few visuals. Other than that it's just a few tweaks and features, but the whole engine (!) seems to have stayed the same - especially the netcode.How is that a problem? Well, the game crashes frequently, multiplayer is unreliable and lags, and the game freezes on various occasions (saving/connecting/transferring items/etc) that should not let a modern game freeze. Well, I thought that at least, regarding the ""Enhanced Edition"" suffix.I played BG2 in multiplayer before, and the UI is almost exactly like it - a good thing. But to my disappointment, all the bugs haven't been fixed, instead this game actually crashes more often than BG2 original.If it is reduced, you like RPGs, and you plan on playing singleplayer only, get this. Otherwise, better not support this attempt on getting money with a slightly updated old game (their only work was to fix/enhance the game - and they failed the first part).I feel like I should add that you get the ""DLC"" for the game (2 new chars, sound and icon packs) for free on the Steam edition.Seriously, did you even test the multiplayer before shipping?"
,Not Recommended,228280,22290535,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,klaykid117,How could they do this to a beloved game
,Not Recommended,228280,24053669,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,s3rv0,"Not sure why is it called ""enhanced edition"" but it plays worse than original version of the game."
,Recommended,228280,23996504,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tinyfenix,"I own these games with all the dlc on my tablet and now I do on steam. 100% worth purchasing it all twice.Don't listen to the ""gamergate"" kids. There's no ""liberal lgbt agenda"" there's no morals shoved down your throat, theres no changed content. There is only extra, excellent I might add, optional content that has been added. It's the same game I grew up loving but, just, with MORE. How could anyone complain about that? Oh, that's right, a female was involved with writing the new content (that you don't have to play if you don't feel inclined to). Such a travesty...There are complaints about UI problems, bugs, glitches, etc. I have over 100 hours now between tablet play and on PC and have found none of these issues. The UI is updated to be more user friendly between platforms. It's like a sleek version of the original BG2 UI. It's fine. If there are bugs and problems that exist that I haven't found, well, it's a video game. These things happen.All in all, this is an amazing, fantastic purchase (even at full price) and 100% worth your hours of time and money.All I can surmise is that the dozens of bad reviews are from the gamergate hivemind just making things up because they're mad that women exist in the gaming industry.Buy this game. Play this game. Be happy."
76561198104738341,Recommended,228280,32740940,Posted: 24 June,all,Paradise,"A one of the best RPG that you must/should play. It's old, and a little inferior to a second game in series but that doesn't mean it's bad. It's just a game that is a must for all that love good RPG games. It's real time with pause."
76561198119498330,Recommended,228280,33100358,Posted: 1 July,all,Safe Sex,"Juast as good as when I first played years ago, back when you had 10 discs for it lolIngaging story, pleanty of exploration.Multiplayer is a little work, but its playable with a good, stable internet connection."
,Recommended,228280,22172970,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Baldur's Gate is simply one of the greatest game ever, I love the universe of Dungeons & Dragons, either be the games or video games (haven't played the real games though for the simple reason that I don't have friends, well, no friends that likes Dungeons & Dragons).The universe of Dungeons & Dragons is simply epic, you can't ask for more, there are so many classes, the lore is awesome and like in every (or almost every) Dungeons & Dragons games, you can choose skills, their karma and a lot of stuff that you cannot do in many games, there's plenty of skills, plenty of type of weapons, plenty of everything.If you already know what Dungeons & Dragons is then you probably already have played this game, if you haven't, you must play it right away!If you love Icewind Dale and NeverWinter Nights, you'll love this game, if you love Baldur's Gate, you'll love NeverWinter Nights and Icewind Dale.If you love RPG you'll love this game, this is one true RPG where you'll have to pause the game, if you do not pause the game, you'll probably struggle a lot.This is not Titan Quest, Dungeon Siege or even Sacred, you'll have to use more strategies, especially when playing on the highest difficulty because it can be really harsh.If you love fantasy, you'll surely love this game and probably the whole Dungeons & Dragons concept, there are a few video games that are really bad but they are unworthy of being in the Dungeons & Dragons universe.9.5/10I wish they could just sell NeverWInter Nights Diamond and NeverWinter Nights 2 Complete on Steam, It'd be so great, I own them on Gog but heck, I want them on Steam so badly, couldn't care less about achievements as long as the games are playable.I'd also love a open world RPG (FPS/TPS like The Elder Scrolls) in the universe of Dungeons & Dragons, with absolutely everything in it, that'd be so great.By the way, you can downgrade/undo to the previous version of the game simply by going in the beta parameters and by choosing 1.3 then you can play the game the way it should be played."
76561198062809012,Recommended,228280,26982862,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kirara,Great game!
,Recommended,228280,35116915,Posted: 21 September,all,Dragula-senpai~~,"This was really rough at release, but is now pretty much the best way to experience the original Baldur's Gate. It even supports most mods at this point!I can only give a thumbs up for the original game though. Your enjoyment of The Black Pits is directly proportional to how patient you are about watching the Dimensional Door animation happen no less than five times between every single fight."
,Recommended,228280,31508741,Posted: 2 May,all,Sungsoo_C,"I didn't play Baldur's Gate when it originally came out. I didn't play the second one either.In fact, I wasn't really interested in any of those Bioware/Black Isle Studios role-playing game.Hell, now I know this is a masterpiece after playing this.But it has glitches I think. For me, some of the journals were not being updated while the game said they were.Still, this game will provide a valuable experience to those who haven't played it yet."
76561198072184096,Recommended,228280,32970798,Posted: 28 June,all,navE,"Spent 5 hours playing so far.4 of them were spent creating characters.The last one was from laughing so hard to Imoen saying, ""Well, you're a little queer, aren't you?"" after i told her she couldn't join my party.10/10 buy it"
76561198040106431,Recommended,228280,33169086,Posted: 2 July,all,Xscaper the tactical,"A very solid RPG at the very least. On the negative side, the story starts off slow and there is too much purposeless walking around for a big part of the game. On the plus side, the story picks up later on and the game shines despite the above mentioned issues.Obviously not as good as BG2 but not too many games are."
,Recommended,228280,8002819,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,SQ-MAK EROL,Great RPG.Great Remake!
,Recommended,228280,8047032,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mabatsekker,"Baldur's Gate is one of those games that redefined CRPGs. While the original '98 release can be played, the Enchanced Edition adds quite a few needed fixes, additions and a little pick-me-up to function on modern computers and with modern players. Stats, tables and desperately needed explanations on what stat increases what function of your spell or swordslinging with a layout that is much more comfortable to your eyes than the original stone-carved stat screen.Starting out as a snot-nosed adventurer and rising up to be the would-be savior of the Sword Coast, your main character is what you want him to be: From Fighters to clerics, thieves and spellcasters, BG:EE adds all the proficiencies, weapon styles, spells and kits from Baldur's Gate 2 to the original and then some. No more spending that one Cloudkill scroll on a single battle, as it can be written and memorized by a Level 9 Wizard. It also comes with the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion, giving you a much more tolerable level cap, if you happen to be a perfectionist when it comes to clearing quest logs.As curious extras, BG:EE adds *gasp* ORIGINAL CONTENT in the form of three New NPCS, new gear and a battle arena mini-campaign. These extras by no means overshadow the original saga one might have come to love, but add a few needed pinches of charm here and there for parties of all alignments. As a bonus, most of these additions continue their tale in BG2:EE, but that's a completely different story.TL;DR, Go for the eyes, Boo, GO FOR THE EYES, RAAAAaaAAaaAarrrRgGgghhhhhhHH!! even after 15 years.."
,Recommended,228280,8419910,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Thomas Bones,"<UPDATED>  Game is working perfectly.  Only had a couple crashes on this latest MULTIPLAYER (WOOT!) playthrough, and it's been awesome!! DEFINITELY WORTH THE INVESTMENT!The game is still as amazing as it was on original release, and while many of the bugs in the system have been worked out, it's obvious that there still needs to be significant work done to the multiplayer portion of the game. After attempting about 40 different times to connect to both the beamdog servers as well as VPN and standard TCP/IP connection to the game, I have yet to get the multiplayer working. I am really glad that the game was re-released, but it's incredibly frustrating to see that it has not been patched to allow a relatively smooth multiplayer experience. PLEASE FIX THE MULTIPLAYER! THE GAME DESERVES TO BE PLAYED AGAIN!!!!"
,Recommended,228280,9304801,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iskernel,"One of the best RPGs (perhaps the best) I ever played. The fact that they did a remastered version of the original game it's just awesome. The additions and improvements are great.The story is magnificent, the characters are unique and authentic. Overall, this game is a reference for the genre.If you haven't played Baldur's Gate until now you missed one of the best RPGs ever made."
,Recommended,228280,442569,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Kesnei,This is one of the BEST RPG games I have ever played. I remember hours and hours of this game when I was younger and its still a beautiful game now.
76561198055414769,Recommended,228280,8776083,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Bezzdor,"I have played Baldurs gate when I was very young, and I found it enjoyable then, however since I got this game and got a better understanding of the game mechanics and how everything works, I found the entire game worth the money. The story is possibly the best out of any game series."
,Recommended,228280,5586701,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,AurianaValoria1,"It's an oldie but a goodie. Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition plays like a strategy game with RPG elements, so it takes some getting used to if you're accustomed to games like Skyrim or more modern D&D games like Neverwinter Nights. Lots of thought and planning is required if you want to survive. The graphics are, of course, much lower quality than modern games (most characters are little more than ""sprites""), but that is to be expected. The dialogue and storytelling is what makes it memorable.I haven't gotten very far (just recently met the famous Minsc and Boo) but I already love it. Highly recommended for Forgotten Realms lovers."
,Recommended,228280,7819030,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DistroDude,"This is an amazing reboot of an old classic RPG and just as fun as I remember when I played the original version. Oh wait slightly more fun it doesn't have that games glitchs that came with it, originally."
,Recommended,228280,7870045,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kynereth,An amazing classic -- the facelift for modern monitors and computers makes this game a no-brainer if you enjoy classic RPG style games!
76561197969118544,Recommended,228280,8002882,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Bickford's Iced Coffee,"Baldur's Gate was one of my favourite games from my teen years, so when I heard the Enhanced Edition was coming out, I had to get it. This game has held up so well after all these years. The artwork is still amazing and looks great at a higher resolution, the gameplay is challenging without seeming unfair, and the characters still make me smile.If you're an oldschool RPG fan and you don't have this yet, then get it. If you're new to RPGs and want something with some depth and style, then get it."
76561197978600192,Recommended,228280,8776524,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,jsinohui,"The original game that started it all over again for the windows era.  Not as good overall as the old SSI stuff that I grew up on, but still plenty of fun and enjoyment for many years.  Has some additions to it that are interesting but not really required to enjoy the original game, though the graphics may be a bit disappointing to anyone used to today's games."
76561198039690622,Recommended,228280,9135217,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,pendragonfankid,"This was one of my introductory programs that were not specifically educational-based, and it gave me the edge of desiring a difficult game. Wonderfully complex and plenty of replay value as you go through the classes and races, on top of finding all the easter eggs within the game."
76561197972729524,Recommended,228280,600724,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Perus_TC,Very well done.
,Recommended,228280,7839287,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TehBastage,Buy it.  Now.
,Recommended,228280,7850219,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ManonmarZ,This game is amamzing after only playing for not even an hour.. the immersion is amazing. The detail that Overhaul Games has put into this is amazing
76561198115822391,Recommended,228280,8746791,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,stephenrozzi,"I played this when it 1st came out & I thought it was the best rpg ever to come out at the time. Playing now & I'm happy to say it's still one of the best even compared to more modern heavyweights like Dragon Age or even Skyrim. This game game is played as a 2d topdown view so the graphics are not as good as more modern games but the scope & depth of the gameplay outshines Dragon Age & rivals anything in the Elder Scrolls series (my current favorites).Before getting this game, keep in mind you will have to pay attention to things like encumberance, fatigue, spell memorization and tracking quests yourself (you get an automated journal but there is no auto quest tracking feature like a lot of newer games, such as The Witcher or Skyrim have) but that's part of the fun. This game can be hard, especially at low levels, but the satisfaction you feel when you complete a quest or gain a level is magnified because of that. All in all Baldur's Gate is still one of the best out there & is definately worth getting."
,Recommended,228280,8799569,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,[LuCK]SnK (eso ONLINE?,AMAZING simpliy amazing nastalgia game if you mod it it becomes tHE BEST
,Recommended,228280,8873897,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Base!,"One of my most favorite games of all time, just saying. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is probably the quintessential definition of a C-RPG. This game handles like a C-RPG would; you can play the game in real-time(not recommended) or you can pause after each turn, each character takes their turn at the same time, mind you. This game's story is excellent and the writing is top-notch; no complaints. The graphics are nice and are easy on the eyes, nothing that requires a gtx Titian or anything; you could run the game on a toaster. When you start up the game, the game tells you to play the tutorial(I think?). The game itself has a steep learning curve, however if you stick to it and get at least a small grasp of the game; much fun is to be had. I can't really say anything bad about the game. Did I mention the storytelling and dialogue; it's fantastic, the stuff of legends. No compliants at all 95/100."
,Recommended,228280,8890378,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Stanko,I enjoy playing Bauldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition.  Being able to pull the camera back is very helpful.  I really enjoy the improvements made to the game.  I have actually purchased the sequel as I have enjoyed this so much.  Now I am wondering about going and getting the neverwinter nights series next as I have had so much fun with this game.I really enjoyed the tutorial as it gives you a nice introduction to playing the game.  I think anyone would enjoy this game.
,Recommended,228280,9386438,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Sci-Fiddy,The Black Pits was fun and the new characters give players more options in party composition.
76561197987131036,Recommended,228280,9406474,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ZombieJack,"Read a lot of wingey reviews of how EE doesn't really add much more to the original, not only is this not true (with the addition of new chars and content) but it doesn't really need to anyway... BGEE is a polished gem, for both original fans and players who never played Baldur's Gate first time around... And once you've finished this epic game, you can export you char into BG2EE and continue on :)"
,Recommended,228280,9575081,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Pas-2,"Might feel a bit outdated especially with the game mechanics. But still to me it is the pinnacle of computer RPG and the one to which all the later CRPG's have been compared to and never quite lived up it. And the enhanced editions additions do not feel out of place, they fit right in. Also the enhancements and fixes are very welcome."
76561198042142623,Recommended,228280,9695122,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,CrimsonCenturion,"Easily one of the best games to ever come out for the RPG genre. It's an immersive classic that helped define the genre and gave it new life. The enhanced edition adds features without taking away the nostalgia for those of us that played this game just after the original release. So many different ways to play, so much to explore and do. Easily one of the best RPGs ever made, and one of Bioware true masterpieces."
76561198068457825,Recommended,228280,9695445,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Kaz Oshay,"I played the original version of Baldur's Gate when it first came out and I have to say, this version does it a great justice.This version takes what was great about Baldur's Gate II and adds it onto this one. The character options are limitless and you may progress any way you wish. Baldur's Gate offers many hours of customization and replayability through its character creation and story decisions. If you are into strategic fast paced combat, cool characters and a great story, then this game is for you. Whether you're playing to roleplay or power game, pick it up and you wont be disappointed!10/10(Even Better than 10 years ago!)"
,Recommended,228280,11846352,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,CaptainMcFuckBucket,Good game. I really much enjoy the experience of this old RPG. If you're looking for a RPG to play and you want a good adventure. This game is for you! i strongly recommend this game!
76561198016837984,Recommended,228280,11925818,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,NGP | Chris,10/10 would raid again
,Not Recommended,228280,18386977,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,VonCurry,In light of the SJW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I've changed my review to a negative.Buy the old copies and download the mods at Gibberlings Three to get literally the same thing as this game.. but without the horrendous writing and political ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that destroys the immersion and characters.
,Recommended,228280,1031348,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Yukon Jebus,"An absolute classic, that you don't have to mess with to get working on modern systems. Although perhaps not as robust as a fully modded ""original"" version of the game, its still worth your money, with the additional characters and all of the content from the expansion as well. And the more support this gets, hopefully the more chance there is of doing BGII (which they are supposed to be working on) and maybe evern the Icewind Dale series. Buy it now gogogogogo"
,Recommended,228280,933370,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Horus,"This is a great classic that you must own and play! One of the best RPGs ever created, restored in this higher-definition version, you shouldn't miss it, for any reason at all!"
,Recommended,228280,1387902,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Sigon,"This is a wonderful remake of my all-time favourite game. I have been playing this title for nearly 15 years. Start it up, increase the difficulty to ""Classic BG1 Rules"", and see how well you do. Oh, and ""Q"" is quicksave. Use it often! ;)"
,Recommended,228280,8766187,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Murderlol,"They enhanced the enhanced edition quite a bit so I decided to update my review. This version of the enhanced edition features an increase in resolution, a nice graphics filter that smooths out the pixelated graphics, a nice new map system, and more. The updated UI and game in general look very clean compared to before. The combat is still the same as always, and the story is still a classic. If you've never played it before and want to experience the story, this is a great way to do so, especially if you're not interested in spending hours installing mods. It's also the only way to play the new expansion, although I haven't played that so I can't really comment on the quality. Either way, if you're a fan of oldschool CRPGs or just RPGs in general, I can't recommend Baldur's Gate enough."
76561197963180211,Recommended,228280,11943523,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Lannan,"If you enjoyed the orginal, you'll enjoy this one as well. The new characters added are enjoyable enough to add to your main party. The new dialogue is well written and doesn't feel like an afterthought."
76561197966620655,Recommended,228280,12480489,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nordman,Baldurs Gate is the perfect game to play solo or with a group of friends. Many hours of co-op questing and dungeon crawling can be had!
76561198022784263,Not Recommended,228280,29973414,Posted: 16 February,all,tccates,I don't know what they did with the update that changed graphics/UI but it's pretty terrible
,Recommended,228280,104021,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Chocolate Pudding,"FIrst Baldur's Gate came out, and it was pretty good, and we were excited when we finished it and were looking forward to Baldur's Gate 2.  Then Baldur's Gate Turbo came out, and we were like ""Ok great, now it's going to be Baldur's Gate 2 right?""  Then we got Baldur's Gate Ultimate Arcade Edition Turbo.  Well, where's Baldur's Gate 2?  Now we've just been given Baldurs Gate Enhanced Edition.  This is a combination of the ultimate, arcade, and turbo editions of the game, as well as all of the DLC Characters unlocked.  Other new content includes an endless assault mode, and a time attack mode.  However, as with other 'upgrades' to Baldur's Gate, E. Honda is nowhere to be found.  I believe this is because capcom wants to promote a positive body image, that Mr.Honda doesn't fall into, proving that capcom hates fat people.  It's ironic as most of the people who still purchase and play these games are in fact fat asian school girls."
76561198069159152,Recommended,228280,31168279,Posted: 15 April,all,wrb41977,"This is an update on an old classic. Only a slight update, smoothing some gameplay and adding three new companions you... can romance, if you so wish. The Enhanced Edition also comes with all the expansions of the original (the new Dragonspear expansion is a separate purchase). Epic is scope and filled with iconic Realmsian characters (Drizzt, Elminster), this game is a must have for any RPG fan. Or frankly, any Bioware fan with a wish to see how the early games were...Oh, and don't mind the playtime, as most of my time playing was off-line... before they added achievements."
,Recommended,228280,11112397,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Anythralus,"Never played Baldur's Gate when it first came, fresh play in 2014, and i've to be honest, this game is amazing, even now.If you're like me, never played this game before and were concerned that the nostalgic reviews could mask the true identity of the game, i can assure you the game is more then recommended."
,Recommended,228280,12785727,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,nemesim,"The enhanced edition does not bring much to the table. The pathfinding is still awful. Some of the sound design as well. And the overall feeling is still way inferior to its sequel.BUT this is still Baldur's Gate nonetheless. Hours of exploring, fighting, levelling, stuffing, questing, minscing, etcing. An amazing old school RPG with a lot of depth in it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228280,9759508,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Theo Kojak,"With a compelling story, great writing, neat monsters, legitimately interesting characters, and lots of dark corners to explore, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition (BG:EE) is an alluring RPG. I could easily drop hours into this game just wandering around talking to NPC's, collecting quests, and going off the road in wilderness zones--all of those things are rewarding despite being completely optional. This is a great game. Once your eyes adjust to a 90s spectrum, it's also a great LOOKING game. The new content is also well-integrated, and the new characters provide a nice bonus for veterans of the 90s iteration.Unfortunately, BG:EE is held back by the tabletop rules set it emulates. Slow level advancement and combat being resolved purely by random chance makes the game needlessly frustrating in its early stages. The Nashkell mines are especially painful. One minute you're murking every kobold (reptilian terriers who live underground and get off on ambushing adventurers in their sleep) at-will, and the next thing you know your party is completely wiped out by a lone survivor because no one could roll above a 10 to hit. Stupid THAC0. The slow advancement means you could play the game for several real hours, mowing down waves of enemies, and see no real improvement in your characters' ability to deal with enemies. It can be very tedious. Combine these flaws with an abundance of combat, and the whole thing plays out like a scripted roguelike.Although combat grated on my nerves at times, I don't necessarily have a complaint about the tough difficulty. For example, when my main character was one-hit killed by an arrow trap in the mines, I cringed but remembered all the warnings I got about traps and used the party's thief to meticulously scout them out upon reloading. The game's difficulty improves the experience: figuring out ways to keep your walking targets safe in the face of lots of cheapshotting obstacles adds a dimension of gameplay missing in this post-Diablo RPG climate.I do recommend BG:EE though. Anyone willing to endure the frustrating tedium of the early game combat will find a challenging and rewarding experience within."
,Not Recommended,228280,8241330,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,geriatric attack,"Dont bother, buy the orignal off GOG and use mods."
,Recommended,228280,12698794,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Estersios,Linux Port!!! THANKS!!! Installing this masterpiece!
76561198030908332,Recommended,228280,15666024,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pauline Hanson for PM!!!,"Brilliant, one of my all time favourite games is even better with the EE edition. The new NPC's (Dorn especially) are worth it alone. Aside from that, the bug fixes and quality of life improvements are great. It is modernised for new systems so modding is easy too. Very highly recommended!"
76561197968568482,Not Recommended,228280,7909048,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,traviniperv,"You'd have to read all the reviews of the original Baldurs Gate to know how wonderful this game is. I've played through it many times and always had a great deal of fun. The new version fixes all of the bugs (veterans will appreciate that) and adds just enough new features to make it fresh but not so many as to make it feel like a new game entirely. Highly recommended for fans of the original, and also newcomers wanting to know what all the fuss is about.-EDIT -Have to give this a thumbs down. After a so-called patch a while back, the game no longer works properly in Windows 7. Emailed the company along with the error file. They took a while to get back to me and said they cant do anything and consider the matter to be closed. If you want to play Baldurs Gate you will have to get the GOG edition or the DVD version that comes in the D&D boxed set along with BG2 and NWN 1."
,Recommended,228280,8996931,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Rem Silvertongue,"Lovers of XCOM, Valkyria Chronicles, Dragon Age and other games of the genre, rejoice! The father of strategy games is upon us! And has been for around about 20 years!Nothing else needs to be said. It's amazing. It competes with Fallout 1 & 2 for the best RPG ever. It utilises half decent DnD combat mechanics. It has amazing characters. Especially in the Enhanced Edition.J... Just buy it! And be evil! Evil characters are better! But the rewards are bad for being evil! Wow, such balance!"
,Recommended,228280,33597293,Posted: 16 July,all,Whodunit,"Simply put one of the best CRPGs ever made. If you're into isometric RPGs, get it. If you're into immersive environments and stories, get it. If you're into great and rewarding exploration, get it. If you're into interesting characters, quests, and even items, get it. If you're into... You get the point. It's an oldie but a goldie, and well worth your money."
,Recommended,228280,16161838,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kellen - Dank Memes,"An amazing improvement on the original.though, it is advertized as having local co-op, which it lacks."
,Recommended,228280,13520479,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Stupendous Man,"The original Baldur's Gate is a masterpiece; if you already have it, no need to buy the Enhanced Edition as it honestly doesn't add anything worthwhile, and the stuff it does add (3 NPCs among other things), are nowhere near the level of quality as the original BG in my opinion.Higher resolutions and widescreen are nice, but those could be modded already.A good reason to still buy the Enhanced Edition though, and the reason I bought it, is the ability to play it natively on any platform (in my case Linux). This to me is well worth the full price of the Enhanced Edition."
76561197965162994,Recommended,228280,12703786,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ceofreak,"Great classic. Especially for older machines, you can easy spend a couple of weeks to finish this game. I can't agree with the negative reviews regarding the original Baldur's Gate being better, i played it ages ago and i don't feel any difference."
76561198031260263,Recommended,228280,16959607,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Erik Taurus,"Go for the eyes Boo!Now in an enhanced version.If you think you have played a RPG before, think again because you haven't if you never played Baldur's Gate."
76561198022146575,Recommended,228280,12243973,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,canadianradio,"ever since Black Isle created this series and Icewind Dale I have been a fan.  I suck at these games but I keep playing and playing because the graphics, soundtrack and story are fantastic.  Throw Steam your cash and buy this beast of classic play."
76561197976187397,Recommended,228280,10279370,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Macro,"The game is great and an improvement on the original, mainly because of the higher resolutions without mods and the additional characters. However part of me thinks that it is a bit overpriced, but thats probably because I have bought this game several different times, once when it first came out on multiple CD, then the rare DVD version, then the BG collection and then this. However I got it on sale so it was a bargain.The game was quite unique for its time, as you could spend hours doing side missions like Elderscrolls games and just progress the main quest whenever you felt like it. You can also do much more than most simple RPGs, like stealing from stores, pick pocketing people, lockpicking and it also has the brilliant Bioware dialog which kinda went downhill after Mass Effect.All in all a brilliant game which is great fun for up to 6 players."
,Recommended,228280,11062004,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Teh Lunchbox,"I highly recommend this game. Of course it isn't up to snuff of current video graphics, but don't let that fool you. The story is highly in depth with plenty of side content as well. Based on Advanced Dungeons and & Dragons; I highly doubt this game will disappoint. If you like in depth and difficult challenges you will enjoy this game. I first played this game when I was very young and I've loved it ever since. The replay value is exceptional as well. Character development is very indepth and you will undoubtedly fall in love with them."
76561198015735659,Recommended,228280,28806715,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaDMaN,"Hard not to recommend BG and the like... classics. So a Thumbs up. Did the EE team do a great job? Short answer - No.They didn't improve on much... the graphics are not brand new or amazing, just ok. I think character animations are the same, if not then they are just there, nothing impressive. They added back some things that were removed in original patches like the hidden ring at the Friendly Arm Inn, which was a huge boon for mages. The new characters and voice acting are ok, I have not used them all... but the overall impression is it was a quick and dirty job. The new companions  are available but its hard to find a party compilation that works with them all due to original party members having allegiances that means you take two of them or none. Not the EE teams fault but they didn't really think it through it seems. Forces you to miss the new or have a wacky group.Some EE team’s criticism.Pathing is still not great, in tight corridors if you tell your 6 man team to move and the guy at the back hits a wall of bodies, he/she will decide they have to go another way and start off in a different direction. Not often, but if you are going to “enhance” a game old pathing issues should be fixed.VERY Minor spoilers below but helps show what I mean about the new EE stuff just not being thought out. The new wild mage companion takes you to a new area. A goblin will escort you to a cave. By following the goblin and listening to his voice acting, which was kind of cute/fun you miss a side quest for the cave, and I think you’d miss the goblins voice acting if you didn’t skip the side quest and follow him. So after the cave you explore the area, find a side quest and now you must go back. You need to find a thing in the cave, but that thing has garbage loot on top of it (non-magical junk - shortswordx2, leather armor and a helm) so if like me, your inventory is full and weight limit is near capacity; are you going to pick that loot up? Probably not. Unfortunately in order to interact with the item you need, you have to move/loot the garbage. So, I googled it and realized the item had to be there so I looted the garbage and ah ok. The item you need, lets say it is a belt. Was it in the pile of garbage, no... you can only see/""interact"" with the belt after looting the other items it should have been included with. Like C'mon. What a run around for very little gain.You meet a guy that buys wolf pelts. None of the random spawns drop them.I could go on... New material is great… Full price for half thought out & poorly implemented new material… mehTldr;Bottom line is if you have never played BG – do it, right now. Amazing RPG, better if you understand D&D rules, and even this older top down style grows on you quickly. But imho the EE team did very little to earn your money, get it on sale."
76561197971308505,Recommended,228280,12616551,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Swiskon,"The enhanced edition has made some slight improvements in mechanics that really helps. They have also put in some stuff from BG2 which is nice. The new art style is horrible though and the new characters are lousy.The character creation is the thing they really improved upon and I love it. Finally the ranger can be a good archer, finally I can use 2 swords, finally paladins are... well, paladins are still useless.If you never played this game before there are some things you want to know. This is a game with low levels. Your mage will be über-helpfull but wont be a source of epic power. You will have to get a team of six characters which by themselves wont do much, but together will rock. The gameplay in this RPG is focused on tactics and balance between the characters in your team. This is no hack&slash no brainer. Not to say that it is major brainer, but still. It is a game with good story, funny side characters and entertaining gameplay.Overall, this is still one of the best RPG ever!PS: It works on LINUX!"
,Recommended,228280,25256625,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ayuri,"Heya it's me, Imoen ! Baldur's Gate : Enhanced Edition - back to the roots, to the game released in 1998 that turned me into a RPG lover. Even then, I enjoyed it so much that it became my favourite game for years, until Dragon Age : Origins came out.This is why I could not have been happier when I heard about the Enhanced Edition project : playing this fatastic game again on recent configurations, with a visual upgrade, lots of optimizations and improvements, and even new content. For not only the Enhanced Edition includes the original campaign and the Sword Coast expansion pack, but it also introduces four new companions with different personalities (which means new quests and areas) and the Black Pits, a new and short gladiator-like adventure.Baldur's Gate is a complex RPG based on Dungeon & Dragons rules, taking place in the Sword Coast with an adjustable difficulty. One of the highlights of the game has always been the story, a thrilling scenario of intrigues and revelations, in a huge universe waiting to be explored. From the opening to the battles, through the stuff, the actions, the stats, the turns and the dice rolls, everything is connected and quite complicated if you're not familiar with that kind of game. A simple foretaste at the beginning, with the character creation ; you'll have so many choices to make : ability scores, race, classes (the Enhanced Edition allows the players to pick the specilizations that only appeared in Baldur's Gate 2 at first), alignment, skills, abilities / spells... And those are just a start. There are so many different classes and ways to deal with everything according to your alignment and actions that the game basically offers itself for a replay.I wouldn't recommend Baldur's Gate for people who play for the graphics because, despite the update, Beamdog maintained the particular and original isometric style, that totally fits the kind of game in my humble opinion. The combat system can be confusing at first as well : it's a modified turn-based system in which everybody has his own initiative round. That makes the battles quite slow with a heavy use of the pause button. But do not think it's easy for all that : on the contrary. You'll need strategy, a good team composition and smart use of potions / spells / items.Nostalgia ! Baldur's Gate : Enhanced Edition brings an amazing classic back to life with brio. Relive this incredible adventure up to date with a beautiful soundtrack and a high resolution support, with charming companions or co-op with your friends."
76561197997375290,Not Recommended,228280,28965384,Posted: 2 January,all,FirestormXL,"Purchased this to play with friends, the multiplayer would keep bugging out and crashing, random black screens. Menus would occasionally disappear. Beamdog failed on this, DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,228280,21433216,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GIMPEH,they ♥♥♥♥ed up all the stats. didnt bother playing anymore. Stopped buying weird steam titles. went over togog.commuch better. ♥♥♥♥ this iteration.
,Recommended,228280,12628487,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Water Filter Salesman,"started a fight in an inn, got all six party members killed.10/10"
76561198004984117,Not Recommended,228280,21950521,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Atlas2009,It does not work
76561198118496779,Recommended,228280,28469664,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,snakejishi,"One of the best RPGs ever in my life, worth every penny. I honestly been trying to find something bad about this game, but I have not!!!"
76561197970519927,Not Recommended,228280,22292712,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,titmo427,Get the original Baldur's Gate while you can and please don't support this trash Beamdog is trying to sell you. They are not worthy of your money.
76561198259262473,Recommended,228280,30762609,Posted: 26 March,all,TheBattleDude3,Very Good!
76561198025660332,Recommended,228280,27940536,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tgordonvt2k,"This game is a true Blast from the Past.  If you like the new, high-graphics game, this game isn't for you.  If you want deep story and insane character customization, this game is for you."
76561198085953612,Recommended,228280,28910861,Posted: 1 January,all,LazyWeeb,"As a d&d player, you will have a blast. Classic rpg atmosphere as one can be."
76561198043778885,Recommended,228280,30409234,Posted: 9 March,all,Harps,"The classic RPG, one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,228280,30419745,Posted: 9 March,all,M00nsl47r,Best game that I've played in a long while. Thank you everyone who helped put this masterpiece into my possession.
,Recommended,228280,30699875,Posted: 24 March,all,kuma133,A classic!
76561197969802137,Not Recommended,228280,369126,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,X41823T,"Do NOT buy the enhanced editions, beamdawg turned full SJW retard so don't support them! vote with your wallet damn it!!!"
76561198111379721,Recommended,228280,25448044,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Martine Dee,"Hi. I already gave about same feedback on the BG2: EE, so will make this one more brief. :)The biggest advantage for me is game resolution and zooming in and out. Although I own the original game, only for this the EE was a worth purchase for me.The biggest nay here are the charachers introduced in EE and their story lines. For me they downgrade the game experience and after giving them a try, I was happy to avoid them.That is it. :)"
,Recommended,228280,27568803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grimmers!,"A true classic that anyone who enjoys isometric RPGs and/or D&D should play. A little dated by modern standards, but it still holds up."
76561198007635749,Recommended,228280,24494103,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Meclodar,"The second best game ever (best being BG2^^), remade for newer PCs. Definitely a must if you like rpgs. This has what modern games often lack: Lore, depth, multiple-choice and epic game time.It has enough script for a good book trilogy and covers most big legends within DnD (Drizzt, Elminster etc.)A must have!"
76561198078481370,Recommended,228280,31531785,Posted: 3 May,all,Zenith,"One of my all-time favorites.Although the EE has some annoyances. I really don't like how they changed the UI, how they added some wierd zoom feature to the map so there is always a delay, how they changed the joinable npc's so they remain a low level regardless of when you find them so you can level them up and customize them how you like. I'm sure some find this great but I prefer to keep it to the original where they level up on their own which makes the world feel more immersive instead of power gamey. An option for this would have been good."
,Recommended,228280,9021010,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dr. KubsoNPL(reporting russians),"I don't know if I'm good person to wrote the revierw as I'm fan of BG series but I'll try my best. So it good old Baldur, great story, long and hard. It's enchanced to works on current widnowsd system as old sometimes have problems. Graphics is improved too (but you can do it in old too by install mods). The only disadvantages are lack of other then english official language version (in polish that is best polish version ever) and second thing is that in this moment not all mods are compatibile with it. But if you're looking for RPG game which have great story, long play time and it's hard to beat I can say buy it with pure hart :)."
76561198035997476,Recommended,228280,10720009,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cyl,"Baldurs gate, what a epic game, I've played this so many times over the years and still have all my original discs and expansions , the idea of putting these old legendaries on steam is a triumph of an idea, If you want to immerse yourself in a story for hours and enjoy every heartbreaking second when someone dies and you have no priest to hand then this is the game for you, It's absolutly amazing and would recommend it to anyone that is looking for either a blast from the past or a new person who wants to experience what a REAL rpg game should be, this is it, 10/10, the BGII graphics make it even more enjoyable. Cheers!"
,Recommended,228280,10936685,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pseudoveverka,"I won't talk about Baldur's Gate itself, because it's easily one of the best RPGs ever (if not THE best) and that's all that needs to be said, so I'll focus on the EE features only.An enhanced edition of Baldur's Gate will always have to be compared to BG Tutu, which does similar job and has been around way longer. Like EE, Tutu offers better resolution and fixes bugs (in fact, more of them than EE does). While I still prefer Tutu over EE, I think EE is well done and likely better for players who are not willing to spend hours/days picking the right set of mods. Moreover, EE has extra content - The Black Pits arena and 4 new NPCs.I was surprised myself that I mostly liked the new NPCs. Since all four of them are of different class than the original potential party members, EE offers new strategies, which is something both new and veteran players can enjoy. Baeloth (who is a bit hard to obtain, since he's an easter egg) was even a key member in my party and I can recommend EE just for the perk of having him around. Who wouldn't want to give orders to a brash drow sorcerer?The Black Pits is, frankly, an add-on for powergamers and nothing else. If you are in the game mainly for the combat, you'll enjoy it; if not, don't bother trying the arena at all. It's not related to the main story in any way (unless you count Baeloth). Nonetheless, the fights can be fun and challenging, so there's that.Overall, I'd say that EE is a good way of keeping Baldur's Gate alive and adjusted to 21st century. It adds new content that fits in nicely with the original game and spares players the need to poke around game files themselves. But if you're someone who's been playing Baldur's Gate for a few years, you probably know BG Tutu and have modded the game yourself by now. In that case, EE is redundant."
,Recommended,228280,13056591,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I had previously attempted to play Baldur's Gate a few years ago and had given up, believing the controls and menus too difficult and intricate to be worth the time learning. Additionally, the number of times I died in combat against the weakest of opponents filled me with a nerdy, indignant rage which in turn demotivated me to try this game again.However, having played it with other people who know how to play the game well for a couple of hours and being walked through the gameplay step by step, I have changed my mind about it. Yes, it's very difficult and yes, it can be infuriating - but it is more fun when you play in a group. It is not like the Diablo series, or Dungeon Siege, or the Divinty games - this game is really hard. If anything, it holds a likeness to Dragon Age in terms of the difficulty and the mechanics. If you are up for a challenge and know someone who knows this game like the back of their hand, odds are you'll enjoy it. ***"
76561198051242041,Recommended,228280,17161845,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Donoknight,"This game is definitely a classic. If you know anything about The Forgotten Realms or Dungeons&Dragons in general, than you definitely need to get this. I am a Dungeon Master myself, and seeing rules and actions of a tabletop role-playing game is definitely exciting. Anyway, here is a full list pros and cons...Pros-Emersion, very emersive world with lots of lore. You don't need any prior D&D experience to really appreciate the vastness of the world. As a Dungeon Master, I have learned a lot about the Forgotten Realm lore from playing Baldur's Gate.Dialogue, although this may seem like a small thing, it is something I thought I would point out. The dialogue is believable when it needs to be, but also very humorous in parts as well. Space Hamster Boo!Combat, the combat is good and well balanced, each class actually serves a unique and power purpose. It is basically taking the combat straight from the tabletop RPG and putting it in the game.Graphics, although the game itself is dated to some degree, graphically it is still good. The enviroment and atmosphere is nearly perfect, areas look believable, feel how they should feel. The characters and monsters fit the overall graphic theme, so overall the graphics just fit perfectly for this kind of game.Cons-Difficulty, this is more or less a problem, it really depends on what your starting class is. Early on you have to be careful as you have limited resources you can use. In later game the difficulty levels out fairly though.Class Balancing, but didn't I say that the combat was balanced? Well, sadly Dungeons&Dragons has had a hard time trying to balance all of the classes to the ""perfectly balanced"" point. This is also true in the pen and paper/tabletop Dungeons&Dragons as well. This isn't really a problem in theory, but it does put more favor on certain class choices. Although early on the classes are all balanced, the late game is where the balancing can vary. Basically, I have noticed that Fighter/Mage duel class is completely overpowered in late game because of high defense plus defensive magic (actually did a solo run with a Fighter/Mage duel class). Anyway, moving on now...Tricky Controls, at first the controls may seem a bit tricky, with little in the way of a tutorial (well, if you don't walk to where the ""tutorial"" is then you don't get anything really). Being able to control your characters is definitely tricky early on, with all of the combat and magic using and so on. You can always pause the combat and give commands, but this feels unnatural and slow.Inefficient Interface, the menu layout is a bit confusing at first, but after a while you get the hang of it. Again, the menu layout and things aren't really explained in a tutorial or anything, so you are left to figure it out. Moving items around and things like that is also somewhat of a problem, having it open one characters inventory and moving it to another characters, so forth and so on...Conclusion-Definitely recommend this game, if you like classic Dungeons&Dragons tabletop gaming or things like it, then this game is a must. The game itself feels like you are playing a session of Dungeons&Dragons with your friends (just without your friends, and on your PC instead of on a table with pens and paper). If you are a Dungeon Master, then this is a must, even if you don't want it. The amount of D&D lore that this game prevides if massive. Anyway, hopefully this review has effected your view as to whether or not to get Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition.May your adventures be many and always end in reward!-Donoknight, Founder of the Tabletop RPG Gamers League"
76561198075008320,Recommended,228280,6781065,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Katorz,"One of the greatest RPGs ever made, and by RPG, I mean cRPG and it's AD&D 2nd edition so you know it's the real deal, although if you think that casual stuff like Skyrim are RPGs better stay away from this one"
76561198047811576,Recommended,228280,8607402,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BlackRoseFFX,"I love BG, BG2, NWN, and NWN2, which all can be bought on GOG. I got all the old DnD games off GOG for $20 during a sale. The Enhanced Edition doesn't really change much except add things that were added through mods, and add 3 new characters.   If you love BG and want to see what they changed, then I would say buy this game when its on sale. If you do not care about any of the new characters, then I would just go get it off GOG. Regardless I like BG:EE for the most part, granted this also stems from a deep love for the series which I have played through BG 3 times and BG2 15 times at least over the years. Also several of the NPC mods are being updated for BG:EE and BG2:EE."
,Recommended,228280,9224503,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rando,"Awesome game, but the enhanced edition is overpriced for what it is. I got it because I was lazy, might be worth it if it's on sale for cheap though."
76561198031372002,Recommended,228280,9416650,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,\/\/rYGR1N,"It's so full of WIN.... It's admittedly an older game, one of the first ""modern"" RPGs I ever played, but it's still a lot of fun, and the second-edition rules make the game an actual challange, rather than the semi-mindless track RPGs have taken after the Infinity Engine was phased out.Good game for people who like an actual challange in an RPG, customizability, role-play, epic music of epicness and Gian Miniature Space Hamsters."
76561197972267210,Recommended,228280,10564478,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dashed,"Great game to help change the pace of the ""in your face, content rush"" of today's modern video game.  Had me hooked from the very beginning, this game holds its own after nearly 15 years."
76561198067755775,Recommended,228280,10701677,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Who's That Hufflepuff,A very nicely upgraded version of the original that runs smoother brings everything up to par with its sequel and then some. Definitely recommended to old fans looking to recapture the experience and newer Bioware players who don't mind the outdated graphics.
76561198086275224,Recommended,228280,17313468,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,spl!te,"Like the good old days :)I was a little worried that I just spoil the good memories, but not at all!"
,Recommended,228280,10271521,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nismu,"Great game from the past and with some face lifting with EE version it has made it well up to day.The beginning is enjoyably cruel and you certainly aren't superman from the start even if you get that nice 90 points in character creation.Doesn't have as much banter between party members as bg2 but again some might think that as positive thing too, it is still great game."
76561198031156591,Recommended,228280,10600829,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Damn_Monkey,"The very first RPG game I ever played, and by far one of the best. With an amazing story, and interesting characters, this game has lots of replay value. Trying to do it all will cap out your exp long before you finish the final quest.With the Enhanced Edition, some fun new characters are introduced, and it's nice to be able to pick a Kit right from the start.My two biggest complaints are not really all that bad. First, while you can create and role-play as an evil hero, there isn't really a benefit to doing this. All the good rewards are for the good quest endings. Being bad just doesn't pay. Second, with dozens of party members to choose from, there are really only a select few who are worth it. Most are either created with stats that are too weak, or are available too late in the game to be a real consideration. Of course, having one or two weaker companions wont break the game, still kind of sucks knowing you are not as strong as you could be if you brought along another member.I've purchased this game 3x over the years. Once as a special pre release at a video game convention when I was in high school on a whim with out knowing what it was. A second time years later after college, when I had lost the original while moving. And now a 3rd time, as the Enhanced Edition. Worth every penny."
76561197970593285,Recommended,228280,10658152,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,al,"This game is fantastic, its old school and good fun. Be sure to play with a friend though, preferably somebody who remembers it inside out !"
76561198119335886,Recommended,228280,10933177,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,gustav.nymand,"It is a really good upgrade to the old Baldur's gate game. Yesterday did i Start playing through the enhanced version and so far have it been super fun, brought back lots of memories and the improvements to the interface and to the screen display makes it very enjoyable when it is combined with the good and unique Baldurs gate storyline, side quests etc. My only complaint:I want to buy some DLC's for this game with extra items, extra avatars, extra areas, extra quests etc etc but they are not selling such DLC's.I would also like to see DLC's for Baldurs gate 2.I did test, that i would be able to transfer my party to Baldur's gate 2 and that is possible and easy. I just have to manually copy the save game from the Baldur's gate 1 save game folder to the Baldur's gate 2 save game folder.I also tested, that my ranger (archer) will be allowed to choose a new favoured enemy when the character is imported into Baldur's gate 2 and that is indeed possible. Important, since Baldur's gate 1 only allow you to choose favoured enemies from those races you can meet in Baldur's gate 1."
,Recommended,228280,11160455,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Gamer86,"I haven't even beat this game. At the time of writing I have 20 hours clocked in, and I still have most of the expansion to do before I finish the story. It has been beyond worth it. I've always been an RPG fan (dragon age, elder scrolls, fallout, etc) This blows them all out of the water. It deserves all the praise it gets and more. I was never one for click to move games, this has changed my perspective on them. I regret not giving them a chance before. If you like RPGs or fantasy at all, at least try these games."
76561198109995964,Recommended,228280,15194193,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,epicrakshasas,10/10 You must get this game before venturing forth.
,Recommended,228280,9040103,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,piratetale,"A classic isometric rpg, an oldy but goody. The enchaned edition is deffinetly worth a look, especially if on sale. So, for a trip down nostalgia lane or for some one who has never played I would reccomend whole heartedly. Fun DnD..."
,Recommended,228280,9067984,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,rooster,"For my money this is the second best game ever made, the first being Baldur's Gate 2; it's a little unforgiving to newcomers sure, but if you stick with it and learn the systems then it turns out incredibly rewarding. The story is awesome, the sheer amount of content is mind blowing, and the game is just good old fashioned fun, that still holds up well today (why else would Kickstarter be flooded with isometric RPG's like Pillars of Eternity and Torment: Tides of Numenera if it wasn't such a timeless style of game)The Enhanced Edition doesn't add a lot of content, but what it does add is extremely useful; a number of fan-made usability mods / patches / etc etc have been build into it to help it run on modern hardware, and there are four NPC's which fit seemlessly into the rest of the game. There's also a standalone arena-based combat mode, but I've not touched that, if for no other reason than I was so taken with the main game that I couldn't drag myself away.Buy this game.Buy it for yourself.Buy it for everyone you know.Buy about twelve extra copies to gift to people that are worthy of it's timeless glory.You won't regret it. In fact, you'll be doing the work of The Lordof Death"
,Recommended,228280,10199008,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Dwarf,"It's Baldur's Gate, of course it's good! Be sure to get this at $10 or under (I got mine on sale for $5), as the only thing added by this Enhanced Edition is a few new characters. If you really need to play this game, go get it on Good Old Games for $10."
76561198037272604,Recommended,228280,9896433,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Blast Hardcheese,"Highly recommended over the GOG version, as I have working eyeballs and the UN-enhanced edition is digital mace.  Outside of the cosmetic improvements, there are several slight gameplay tweaks that are highly appreciated.  Stat screens that are hihgly useful (damage range is actually listed vs guessed at) and some balance tweaks make this an all around great version of a classic CRPG."
76561198041239133,Recommended,228280,10904573,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,chino2468,"Simply fantastic to be able to play this game again without the awful interfase, the weaker/poorer game system, and more options! 200% recommended."
76561198116343660,Recommended,228280,11109317,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,setienne08,"I am really liking this game.  I really did not have time to play the original when I had it, but I did buy it, and felt it was a waste.  But now this edition and having a bit more time feels wonderful as I am in a way experiencing it for the first time since it has been so long since I have in the first place.  Ignore the bad reviews, you will like this game, and it is not forgiving if you kill a character they are not coming back remember this alright?  You can have characters resurrected I mean, but what if you did not have the GP to do such a transaction, I treat this game as such; an unforgiving game where if you did you lose your char forever.  Think of it as fire emblem and tactical battles in suikoden games where such choices/mechanics existed."
,Recommended,228280,11110818,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,e-man,"Wrote a bio for my Half-Elf Thief and gave him a reason to go on his quest, then i fell asleep before i had the chance to actually start playing.3/1 I'd play it on a warm summer sunday but not right now because im getting sleepy i might fall asle"
,Recommended,228280,11150821,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ጊawman,"10/10Maybe I'm just nostalgic and 10/10 is too generous however this game is one of the defining RPGs for me. It's age may be telling, and the visuals are certainly not appealing. However the gameplay and storyline are both very compelling and the setting is perfect for a fantasy RPG. Having played this game recently it still stands up to expectations and is a must for ""purist"" RPG fans.The game allows for different choices to be made in a very real way creating a dynamic experience which significant differences in each playthrough.I must have played through this game four or five times now as different characters, and each playthrough, if done thouroughly takes upwards of 30 hours. Completingeverythingtook me almost 90 hours. What is especially great about this game as well as how engaging it is is that characters can be exported to BGII: EE so you can play one character through the entire saga."
,Recommended,228280,11699723,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sevasta,"WERE YOU BORN BEFORE 1993?! DID YOU OWN A COMPUTER AT ALL?! IF YOU ANSWERED YES TO BOTH OF THESE, YOU SHOULD KNOW WHY YOU NEED THIS GAME.IF YOU ANSWERED NO THEN JUST BUY THE THING ALREADY WHY YOU WASTING TIME READING THIS?!"
76561198104352216,Recommended,228280,12189456,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ThatRadgerKid18,awesome
,Recommended,228280,12627558,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Billbo777,Bomb! Totally awesome. Played the original and still playing. Good job on the remake.
,Not Recommended,228280,13601916,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kythia,"Edit: DO NOT BUY!Beamdog has done what I could not have forseen, with their ridiculous Siege of Dragonspear expansion they have managed to turn the original Baldur's Gate Games into a blurry mess of Arcanum-style character sprites and failed UI-""upgrades"". You now have to scroll in your spellbooks, just so that the new kids don't actually have to learn the symbols (which is psychologically idiotic, cuz humans are good at symbolism), the edge of the map now hangs halfway into your screen killing immersion in the process, etc..This does not feel like Baldur's Gate anymore. I tried to play it. I tried to see the good in it, like the more organized journal, but it didn't come to me.Do not buy this anymore until they fix this. I'm going back to my Big World versions. Goodbye Neera.-------I will never understand the haters of this excellent remake. I also bought BG1+2 as original 6/4-CD versions when they came out. First in german, than a few years later as english DVDs, then at GoG again when they came on sale and I still bought the EE's of both games.And you know what? They've done everything right!1) The small tweaks go over extremly well, like 80 arrows per quiver slot.2) The engine works flawlessly and the little UI enhancements alone were worth the money to me.3) The new NPCs are mostly great. I especially adore Neera, who is so very different from the rest, maybe with the exception of Tiax. I also like Dorn, because both BGs generally lacked evil party NPCs that weren't overacting or plain insane.4) Both EE's are easy to mod. Most Gibberling's & Co mods work, but you need far less of them. The 12-hour-installation of the Big World Project was a pain in the rear, and it usually took me several tries.To sum it up, Beamdog delivered a pure Baldur's Gate experience with excellent new content in a very polished package."
,Recommended,228280,13847788,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DarthBopbo,"WHY ARE YOU READING THIS!?!?!? BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME ALREADY!!! XDI remember playing this as a kid and not knowing what I was doing. Now with me being older, smarter, and more of a nerd(and proud of it) I know what I need to do and how to play it. Sure it can be hard at times if you dont have the right gear or skills, but its nothing some grinding here and there or going from shop to shop cant fix. If you are new to this game, take it slow and save often as you can and will die alot."
,Recommended,228280,14979359,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Vindicator,"Brilliant game with a rich history and an awesome timeless art.This is a true classic from the early 00s that helped to popularize the RPG genre to the big public.  Several features from this game are still being used in many modern RPG games, which proves that Baldur's Gate was a game ahead of its time. This Enhanced Edition has some new feature that doesn't add much to the game, such as forgettable characters with predictable dialogues and weird new maps, but the improvements to make this game playable in higher resolutions do worth the price.I strongly recommend this experience, but do expect to spend more than a month playing it. Have fun!"
,Recommended,228280,7231868,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,myzerie911,A classic RPG you guys MUST play :D
,Recommended,228280,7576334,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,RacingGun,"Probably one of the best RPG games of all time.  Classic story, great combat/spell system, memorable characters, play however you want, non-linear, and challenging.  The ""Enhanced Edition"" really makes this game playable on current hardware."
,Recommended,228280,7753037,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[GitP] Archonic Energy,"a True Classic. while the engine doesn't look up to much nowadays the gameplay and story are still first rate, if you haven't already played it you really should. and if you have you'll probably be tempted to re-buy it anyway."
,Recommended,228280,7786231,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Juniped,"One of my favorite games of all time, a classic RPG that set the standard ( and the system) for westers RPG's for years to come. With plenty of ways to play and a party system that allows for unique parties every time, this game is worth looking into if you enjoy RPG's. Especially games such as Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and the Neverwinter Series.  It has a lot of in depth content that takes hundreds of hours to experience it all, I say it's defenitly worth a look."
76561198003639158,Recommended,228280,7815613,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Goblin,"Isso é Baldurs, ♥♥♥♥♥. Melhor RPG da história."
,Recommended,228280,7848816,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,金九尾,The best game I have ever played but I still kinda prefer the original Baldur's Gate Saga!
76561197990943410,Recommended,228280,9059991,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Xerxes1811,"I've been playing this mostly on iPad along with BG2EE, but it's fun having it on both.  One of the best RPGs ever made along with it's sequel.  A tough, tactical, old school RPG, which makes it beautiful.  It's very tough in the beginning, a skeleton can kill half your party until you level up.  By end game your character is a machine of death.  I Love the story, love the world, modern RPGs are ok, but nothing like the Baldur's Gate series.  Skyrim is boring and lifeless (I know, blasphemy) to me now after playing through the Baldur's Gate series.  Buy it and support these guys!"
76561198080979546,Recommended,228280,10177674,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fall,The story is interesting and it sticks out to me. Love it!
,Recommended,228280,9718140,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,it is a crime to punch an old woman in the face even if you are doing the punching thousands of years before actual law was introduced to humanity
,Recommended,228280,10460974,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Murlokz,"Baldur's Gate is called a classic RPG for a reason. A very simple reason. It's good. Very good.The story, the characters, and the D&D lore all shine in this game. The combat is mroe interesting as a spellcaster then a physical character however, mostly because walking up and smacking someone with a sword can get boring. Like I said though, the story, lore, characters, and just overall gameplay more then make up for it. As an actualy tabletop roleplayer, I can say this game is deep enough to satisfy my D&D needs when my group is too busy buying 600$ TF2 hats to actually get together.9/10"
,Recommended,228280,10511561,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bungle,"One of my favourite game series of all time, Baldur's Gate starts you off on the adventure of the Bhaalspawn and his party as they travel across the Sword Coast. In 1998 this game was one of the most in depth and replayable games ever, and this remake brings several nice changes including a slicker UI and better graphics. The graphic enhancements on this blow the original away which is worth the money alone, unless you enjoy your modded BG1 to BG2 engine. As with most older games it's all about gameplay so this will keep you entertained for a long long time. A highly addictive rpg and highly recommended for the 90s generation gamer."
,Recommended,228280,10738792,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Doctor Necrotic,"A higher definition remake of the classic CRPG by Black Isle.  While not as flexible as the original when it comes to the modding community, this game still has a lot to offer.  From beginning to end, you are treated to a detailed story with tons of sub-stories that never (or almost never) detract from the story or overarching plot in any way.  The companion characters you encounter along the way each have their own personalities and interesting agendas, so take heed of who you keep with you!Among new additions to the game are 3 (or rather 4, because ""secret"") NPCs, each with a distinct playstyle and alignment, new quests, new items, an arena combat mini-game, and all the goodies from the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion pack for the original.  While this doesn't seem like much, it's still enough to add a couple of hours (at least) to the game itself.  Plus, the BGEE community has worked to bring some of the old mods back into this day and age in hopes of making them Enhanced Edition compatible...  So, time will tell with how that goes.Difficulty can be ruthlessly hard due to its classic no-training-wheels approach.  At times, dungeons can feel clunky because of this and outright frustrating, this is also due to the AD&D mechanics that the game is based on.  Also, the Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting (which this game is set in) is not for everyone.  Besides being a 'vanilla fantasy setting' on all accounts, the Bethesda-esque essential-NPCs can sometimes distract from the environment in certain cases.  If you can overlook these things, BGEE will be a fantastic adventure for you!"
76561198079486891,Recommended,228280,10884086,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheDaneMan,"A great remake / enhancement of a classic game.The Black Pits arena is a nice little addition, as is the ability to mod the game better. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Dungeons and Dragons or similar games."
76561198024981837,Recommended,228280,10911974,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fury Ravenwater,"A classic story that has been updated to run on modern computers.  If you want to save the Sword Coast from the scion of a dead lord of murder and write your fate, this is the game to play."
,Recommended,228280,10930066,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bear,This is a pretty great refresh of BG1. It runs great on new systems and at higher resolutions. It has some added zoom functionality which is really nice to have as well as some additional UI changes.The additional party members and associated missions are pretty meh.Great buy if you want to play BG1 and can't be bothered dealing with the various mods you need in order to get it to run in a satisfactory way for a modern system.
76561198076738784,Recommended,228280,10930913,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,그레이 폭스,"This is probably one of my all time favorite games.  I am obsessed with forgotten realms.  This game isn't as good to me as BG2 was, but is still a classic that I can come back to again and again."
,Recommended,228280,10944381,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ferretscraze11,"This series is probably the best RPG series I've ever played. My mother originally had these games for our computers, but for some reason, they never wanted to work on mine(I think the games hate Windows 7) so I took every advantage of these games going on sale. The story is immensely long and interesting, the combat can be tricky, but fun, and some of the characters' interactions bring a touch of comedy into the world. Who needs good graphics to make a game good?"
,Recommended,228280,11147350,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pumpkin Thief,"A classic isometric RPG with a good story and a lot of places to explore. The tactical combat can be played in real time or turn-based with pausing, and can get pretty challenging at times. You'll want a thief in your party to detect traps and pick locks, at least one character who can heal, and Minsc. Get Minsc. That dude's awesome. Not just because he gibs everything with his two-handed sword while tanking, but his characterization is also very entertaining."
,Recommended,228280,11229156,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Faris,One of my favourite D&D games of all time. If you havn't played a D&D style game yet; this would be the one to try. 5/5!!!
76561198028488036,Recommended,228280,11839604,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Vaatihastur,This game blows me away every time. Now for Baldurs Gate 2!
,Recommended,228280,12058791,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Kikstrobe,"A classic game filled with adventure, combat, interesting characters, and so much more. It is my all time favorite game and is certainly the best rpg out there."
,Recommended,228280,12230593,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,XartaX,"Do you love RPG's? Did you never get to play Baldurs Gate, or do you want to give it another spin? Then you should definitely get this. The only thing enhanced edition does worse than the original classic, is that the cut-scenes are actually arguably worse now. Except for that, though, it makes the game easily available for you on a modern PC, and it uses the BG2 engine, allowing easy exporting of your character to the second game. It also lets you use many mechanics and features from the second game in the first one.For those of you who haven't played the Baldurs Gate series, I will try to keep this relatively spoiler free, and warn you otherwise: The game is looked on as one of the great classics for a reason. It puts you into the shoes of an orphan, who (semi spoiler for the first half hour of the game) is forced to leave the town he lives in with his foster father, who is murdered shortly after leaving by a mysterius figure in a fully plated spiked armor. Initially alone in the world, except for your sister Imoen, you must find friends, overcome the dangers of the world, discover your heritage and face your destiny. Over the course of this and the second game you will come across and interact with dangerous and fantastical creatures of all kinds. Everything from goblins and orcs, to dark elves and dragons, and even demigods.Baldurs gate is based on Dungeons and Dragons, and has you picking a gender, race, stats, class, and appearance. There are dozens of options here. You can be a fighter, a wizard, a rogue, a ranger, a druid, a monk (the smash stuff with your fists kind), a berserker... the list goes on. Similarly there are dozens of races to pick from.As you play you will rack up experience and level up your characters. Along with yourself, you also have to control the leveling up of your friends, and kit them out in the gear you come across (which there is *plenty* of). If you put in the same amount of efforts in the side characters as your own, the game will let you fully experience more classes than just the one you pick for your main character.Unlike other RPG's that just have enemies improving in strength to follow the pace of the game, the progression here actually makes sense (you won't find a last boss that is ten times as strong as the first boss, even though they should thematically be at the same strength). The first game will not see you face creatures like dragons, but there will still be plenty of challenge. If you come across an encounter which rings alarm bells and makes you think ""this looks bad"" - it probably does. The game is open for free exploration, and if you rush a location with powerful enemies, you will die (unless you cheat, or know exactly what you're doing for a speed-run, obviously).Talking about free exploration - there is so much more to do than the main quest. In the spirit of old classics (well, it is one, but regardless), it has a plethora of side quests. You will never have a shortage of things to do. Almost every single location in the game (and there are a *lot* of them) will be involved in a quest in some way. The game is obviously limited somewhat by it's age, but it truly feels alive. The one exception is that you will probably find yourself robbing almost every house you come across unless you are role playing *really* strictly. If someone spots you going for what they consider ""private"", though (usually stuff that is locked), they *will* call the guards.Give it a spin. If you enjoyed it, get the second game (enhanced edition) as well. It will have you pick up where the first game left (well, shortly after), and you can import your character to it to continue your journey. The second game is *considerably* longer than the first game, and is generally considered a better game. I highly recommend playing this one first, though, as it's definitely a good game in its own."
,Recommended,228280,12668414,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,jfbilodeau,"One of the best CRPG of all time with new content, and it works marvelously well on Linux."
,Recommended,228280,12788699,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zyhoxem,Probably one of the greatest RPG's I've ever played.
76561198031324041,Recommended,228280,13618942,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mumm-Ra,Bit of nostalgia playing this remastered version. Funnily enough i got hooked all over again! The graphics are not modern its still 90's fare but this game still has something magical about it that brings you back year after year for just one more playthrough. If you can look past its age you will enjoy your time in Baldur's Gate :)
,Recommended,228280,13673133,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,toolverine,"The original Baldur's Gate series are easily one of the best PC RPGs. With an intricate plot, tens of side quests, and well fleshed characters and NPCs, the games build an immersive world that you would love to go back to again and again.The Enhanced Edition is exactly what it says on the tin - a well-polished and updated version of the beloved classic. With improved graphics, backported concepts from BGII, and new features, it is a must-have for any RPG fan."
76561197974363278,Recommended,228280,653514,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Avengernaut,Baldur's Gate. ♥♥♥♥. YA.
76561198060198042,Recommended,228280,7299296,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Bensteroni,"Possibly one of the hardest games I've ever played... loved it.Seriously, guys. This game will have you weeping from the sheer number of deaths you experience at the hands of the low level enemies, until you finally gain a foothold in the world. You will find your character leveling slowly, but that should be a tell for you to enjoy the story more. Seriously, there is a lot of work in this game.And for those of my friends who know the Forgotten Realms, this will be such a great game for you guys. Elminster, Drizzt, Cadderly, and the great Baeloth the Entertainer... You will never be so scared of fireballs as you will be with this game.Slightly difficult to get the hang of at first. It is 2nd edition, after all. But hey, this game has as much extended playability as Skyrim. You'll just keep playing, assuming you ever make it past the final boss."
,Recommended,228280,8594185,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Menphues,"It is exactly what it says on the tin.A rehashed updated version of the original to work on modern computers.If you enjoyed this game back in the day, then you will enjoy this one even more because it has some new features added to the mix, which is nice.  I never played this back in the day, and only brought this because I wanted a game to play with my dad, and actually surprised that this game is good fun.Be prepared to spend a lot of time on pause while you plan your attacks and spells."
76561198093907470,Recommended,228280,9836899,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ryziel,"I have never played Baldur's gate or any of the dungeons and dragons games before playing this about a month or so before writing this review, meaning my opinions on this game come from no sense of nostalgia or fond memory. I went into this old game with the mindset of a current-gen game player. This is what I found.They don't make games like this anymore. Baldur's gate, despite being over 15 years old as I write this, can genuinly be described as unique because you simply will not find other games quite like it in modern game design. Its a huge, sprawling RPG with fantastic writing, a brilliant sense of humour, an engaging plot and an openess to approaching each situation the way you see fit. The game rarely shackles rules onto you, and your free to use all the mechanics the game gives you in most situations, unlike most modern games which are designed to have a set way of each event playing out. The only criticism is its very wordy, and you will spend a lot of time just reading text, however, the script and writing of the game is actually one of its finest highlights, making this criticism a slim one. If you want an RPG that makes you feel like your really playing a role, and not being guided down a path like most modern games, give this a go. If you get lost in it you'll easily spend hours wrapped up in its enthralling world."
,Recommended,228280,10582003,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chappie-san,"Yes! I recommend this game especially if you haven't played or if you don't have any of the older versions of the game. The looks and gameplay are very old-school, and the game might be difficult for the beginners, but it's also very rewarding, having lots of side-quests and companion NPCs. If you have already this game with TuTu, this version adds only few new things such as new NPCs etc."
,Recommended,228280,10621427,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kidzbop Metcow,"Bought this game because first off I wanted it in a steam sale, and second because it was like 5 dollars. Best decision in gaming I have made. The games combat is very fun and easy to learn. The quests don't guide you adding a skill level of actually reading the quest and learning the enviroment.I would purchase this game at full price, so I am not just saying to purchase it on sale, purchase it at full price! It even comes with more content then the base game!"
,Recommended,228280,10650384,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rustallica,"Ahh the nostalgia....I remember first buying the demo of this out of a bargain bin in some dept. store almost 15 years ago, and I was hooked then, and got hooked just as quick now when I made this Steam purchase.I like how they did some graphic fixes, and that they included the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion. Everything else from the original game remains intact like gameplay etc....They did add some new content through several new characters you can find, and they all seem to have some sort of quest to go along with them.Highly recommended, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,228280,10710822,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nyskrte,"If you want to play this multiplayer with as few issues as possible, this is the best version to purchase."
76561198033752341,Recommended,228280,10748272,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ignatas,"Baldur's Gate is an excellent computer version of the old AD&D (2nd edition) system. The story is good, the characters excellent and the graphics were beutiful when the game was new. Although the graphics isn't particularly impressive now it is not as anoying as some other old games are when you revisit them 15+ years after release, visually the game manages to be rather pleasing despite it's original release data in the mid-90s.Personally I don't feel that the ""Enhanced Edition"" adds that much to the game, but there was no need to do that either. The new NPCs are alright and the additional quests are fine, though. Beamdog have also corrected some bugs that existed in the original game. It's nice to play this game without having to dig out my five old scratched discs...Definitely recommended for old ad&d nerds, but the clunky system will probably terrify most of the WoW-generation. Overall I think that many younger players may find the game difficult to get to past the first level (and being level 1 in ad&d is horrible), you need to reach at least level 3 before the game gets manageable."
76561198070041281,Recommended,228280,10816686,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,insaneTWIG,"Great adaptation of 2nd edition D&D. If you like to play D&D and want a video game format this is as close as you are going to get. The graphics can be a little... old at times, but in no way does this take away from the story and characters which are the heart of this game."
,Recommended,228280,10946218,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mike,"The updated resolutions makes this a lot better then the original. The added content from the new NPC's is also a nice improvement. Also, the story is still one of my favorites of all time."
,Recommended,228280,11027325,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,garner,"Retro gaming at its finest. Old isometric RPG in its purest form and highest state as you battle your way around the coast way. There is wonderful variation in your character creation to build your main character however you want, and then with different NPCs you choose to join you your parties will have very different approaches giving you different games within the same overall story. Though there are plenty of side stories to keep you occupied and you are not obliged to race headlong chapter by chapter."
,Recommended,228280,11412778,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Astral Projection,Enhanced version of the first game in the best RPG series of all time.
,Recommended,228280,11515031,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheTerribleMan,"This game was originally released back in 1892 as ""Galdur's Bate"", a Choose Your Own Adventure book  created by the decendents of the original crew of the Mayflower. In 1974 Gary Gygax stole the ideas from this game to make Dungeons and Dragons. Then in 1987 Bioware, then known as Guns-N-Games, made a computer version of Galdur's Bate, all text, renaming it ""Baldur's Gate"". Nobody wanted to publish it since it really sucked. It was 4 million lines of text! I mean, really. Years later they put some graphics in, sold it to Atari, and the rest is history."
76561198034429403,Recommended,228280,12058858,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,The King of SMEG,"Here it is; the myth, the legend. The infamous Baldur's Gate. A high water mark in the CRPG genre, and still considered one of the greatest games of all time even to this day. I happen to agree with these claims. I grew up playing Baldur's Gate, and it has always held a special place in my heart as a gamer.This is about as pure as it gets, it is truly the grand daddy of current western RPGs, you can see playing this game how many of the new games still take inspiration and mechanics from it.If you are an RPG fan, I suggest giving this game a shot. It is very inexpensive and is absolutely worth your money. While it uses the AD&D 2nd edition rules set (My personal favorite), after you get used to the rules, the game really opens up and lets you customize and thrive on the Sword Coast of Faerun.I highly recommend this classic CRPG that defined a genre and became the gold standard that current roleplaying games still borrow from and honor.Baldur's Gate truly is one of the greatest games of all time, and I believe that if you give it a chance, you will understand why so many make that claim and believe it!"
,Recommended,228280,13103839,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DarkExcalibur42,"There are few, if any, game which are better than this. Baldur's Gate 1 rendered in the BG2 engine with the addition of 3 new characters, each with very enjoyable quest lines? Yes please. So yes. I've played this game to death over the years, and the EE content almost made it like it was brand new again. It's a beautiful thing."
76561198030464836,Recommended,228280,13183160,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tomanclin,"Are you a lover of RPG's? Do you enjoy engaging stories that grab every inch of you attention? Are you willing to play with and infuse your imagination into a world with a very rich and interesting mythology and history?Look no further!The Baldur's Gate series was and still is the crowning RPG series, the one to rule them all and in the darkness of Bhaal bind them. So of course the question is how does this enhanced edition work out?Perfectly. The new companions are interesting with their own back stories that really expand the rather modest repertoire of companion stories This is of course compared to today's standards with games like Mass Effect, Knights of the Old Republic, Dragon Age, and Fallout: New Vegas. Keep in mind that the original Baldur's Gate was released in 1998 and it still makes me onanate and♥♥♥♥♥♥me britches from the awesomeness of it. They are prevalently assigned classes that were not in the original, but were in Baldur's Gate 2. The old one. This edition also provides some new locations to explore and have fun with (though they are mostly tied to the new companions).Some might be dissapointed because the original was, with all the mods, a far superior game, in many ways exceeding this newer version. But, and I say this with tears of joy dripping down my red colored baby chins, the modding community and the community as a whole are strong with this one and the mods are already coming out in numbers. My favourite is the NPC Banter mod, which gives just so much to the game that it's a must. Companions get these thinking and emotional dimensions that just must be experienced. It's still in development, but it already does wonders.I'd write more, but I must go feast on the flesh of kobolds now and help an infernal looking kid find his dog. Good day, adventurers!"
76561198035054806,Recommended,228280,13187054,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,Decent TSR classic. Though I prefer the advances in the sequil.
76561198031201274,Recommended,228280,14571333,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,porkinsred6,"It is hard sometimes to recognize a truly great game these days without all the beautiful glitz and glamour. A story driven game that engages you in the world yet interests you with the gameplay. This is a game that does both of those spectacularly. I spent hours and hours playing this game 15 years ago when I was in high school, but never beat it. I'm glad that I came back and finally finished it. The revamped Enhanced Edition didn't really do anything for me, except for it was a lot less buggy. I put 70 hours into this game and only spent $15! Thats a bargain! Do yourself a favor and pick this gem up."
76561198081499934,Recommended,228280,14663373,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,whoodeeny,"I completed this game when it first came out and I consider it one of the best games of all time.The game flawlessly integrates D & D rules, and if you're into that, it makes it a lot of fun. The story is excellent also."
76561198045262630,Recommended,228280,10119244,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Jon Silvernail,Great game with new additions and a better muliplayer. Brings back my childhood
,Recommended,228280,10226119,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,AKraftyBasterd,"One of the greatest RPG PC games ever (both games and expansions). I own at least four different versions. The four disc set, a two-disc version, BG:EE and BG2:EE on Steam, and the digital versions on GoG. If you like D&D or isometric RPG's you have to play this. However, to be completely honest I would suggest the GoG versions (easier to mega-mod), unless you like it and want to support the new versions and get the new content."
,Recommended,228280,9791266,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Orsome,"One of the best games of all time. This game started the RPG game train and showed how in game mechanics can really work with a system that people could understand. It's for mature gamers, around 15+, who have the ability to understand how to build a character from the start. The thing with AD&D is that it's not a pick-up-game. You need to have a plan from that start. It is fun and unlike a lot of games, you can have even more fun on replays."
76561197975380105,Recommended,228280,10608397,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KiloAlpha,"Arguable one of the best CRPG's going.  The added dialogue and characters are well done, and having ToSC and the main game all in one package is a nice find.  If you haven't played this game yet I'd highly reccomend it if you're a fan of CRPG's in general."
76561197972362082,Recommended,228280,10665589,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jimicapone,"Now I know why it's considered the greatest computer RPG ever. Incredible story, faithfulness to the AD&D 2nd edition rules (my favorite), epic scope. A must play."
76561198042357828,Recommended,228280,10912039,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lord Bubbles IV,Great to see a game from my childhood come back like this! BG is the greatest PC RPG ever made. The intricacy of the game is unbelievable. To think that back then you could get a detailed bard song from a completely irrelevant NPC or encounter people dealing with problems that have no relation to what you're doing is what makes this game so quirky and fun.
76561197972322963,Recommended,228280,10921194,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Theldras,"One of the best rpg games ever made and from how it looks like ever will be made.Played this and BG2 hundreds of hours back in the days and i still lose myself in the game for hours when i play.The story, the dialougs, beats the crap out of any modern rpg games as of yet.If you are a rpg fan this game series is a absolute MUST HAVE! So what you waiting for? buy it!"
,Recommended,228280,11008559,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Morte tha Talking Skull,"although i havent finished the game yet, i know from a lot of people, and critics, that this is one of the best rpg's of all time with its sequal being perhaps the greatest of all, and i am a new player to the series after seeing the kickstarters for games like torment and pillars of eternity. and i can say that i love this game a TON. it was a little difficult getting into, but im so glad i did. im dying to play pillars now, and im glad i saw the kickstarters, and listened to my older brother who told me to try it out. (hes much older than i and played the originals when they were new and is a big rpg fan)  so at last im going to say, if you like rpg's and dont know about getting used to the older style, and lack of voice acting, i highly encourage you to get over it and take the time to learn and play this game. im only 19, and this game is before my time, but that didnt stop me. please please please try it for yourself new players, its worth the time and money, and if youre totally not sure, wait for a sale. im looking forward to BG2:EE now."
76561197970416163,Recommended,228280,11392264,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,WaySilentBob,"Pretty sure an ex kicked me to the curb because of the amount of time I played this game.  That, about, sums it up.  If you like top-down isometic RPGs based on the D&D rules, this is top-down-isometric-RPG porn.  And now in HD!  Awhhhh yeahhhh!"
76561198006617832,Recommended,228280,11990080,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dayve,"Baldur's Gate is legendary and I love the way the enhanced edition tightened everything up. It's such a classic RPG with an awesome story, the combat is very challenging and it's very rewarding when you defeat a tough enemy. It's on the same level as Planescape: Torment. It's amazing and I recommend it x a million."
,Recommended,228280,12025303,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,.aℓx,"Love this game, rp at its best."
,Recommended,228280,14803825,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Slightly311,"One of the most epic fantasy role-playing computer games ever created. Based on the ruleset of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons. If you are more worried about graphics and twitch gameplay, this game is not for you. However, if you enjoy an extremely thoughtful and massive storyline, in an immense environment, with almost no limits to character creation and advancement, not many do it better. It can be played like a Diablo style hack'n'slash, but it is more beneficial to use pausing to give orders to your party. Although it can be hard and frusterating at times, once you get used to it, it becomes easier to prepare for major battles so you don't end up having to restart from too far behind. I really cannot recommend this game enough for any fan of a traditional RPG, especially since this one is keeping so true to the original pen and paper."
,Recommended,228280,2777116,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Panzerchicken84,*flashbacks to high school as he tries to cosplay as Minsc with his pet hampster he named Boo while dodging beer cans at Halloween Parties* Whats dis? You throw metal jars at Minsc and Boo?! RAAAAAAGH!
76561198089546126,Recommended,228280,31795655,Posted: 16 May,all,BIGGIEEMILIO,"My favorite thing about this game are the NPC's. Their quotes are memorable, they are unique and they feel real."
76561198116210064,Not Recommended,228280,28734317,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JOHNBONJOVI,"somehow they managed to completely screw up the graphics in the enhanced version so that it looks like you're playing a game from the 80s instead of the 90s.  I don't know how you manage to ♥♥♥♥ up so badly trying to improve the graphics you somehow downgrade them but these guys did it.Baldurs gate is great, I grew up playing it.  Highly reccomend it, it's a god damn classic.  I don't know about this edition though, you might be better off getting the original."
76561198256059318,Recommended,228280,33871068,Posted: 28 July,all,Jarl,"One of the best RPG's of all time, period. A lot of games today can thank Baldurs Gate for making it all possible. If you haven't played BG 1 or BG 2, do yourself a favor and get these games and relive oldschool RPG gaming glory. Now if only Steam would get the entire Ultima and Might and Magic RPG series up for sale then this website would start feeling complete as far as oldschool classic RPG goodness is concerned."
,Recommended,228280,10805025,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rayvolution,"Greatest RPG of all time, period.I've played and replayed BG and BGII so many times I've lost track, the Enhanced Edition only makes the experience better!"
,Recommended,228280,27106266,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chairs,I'm writing a review because it gets me 25XP.It's a lovely game. And Internet points are important.
76561198109903615,Recommended,228280,31476179,Posted: 30 April,all,Level One DM,"It's based off second edition DnD, meaning this game is a real challenge and only the most experienced DnD players and RPG players will survive the hallowing challenge that is Baldur's gate. That being said I am neither an experienced DnD or rpg player, meaning I died and got frustrated a lot. But for it's time it was a great game, with a lot of variety. 8/10"
76561198067760321,Recommended,228280,32486797,Posted: 16 June,all,Kakreth | gamdom.com,how do i access the tales of the sword coast expansion pack???
76561198031832483,Recommended,228280,23679268,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Duncan,I was very happy to see this game made available again. Loved it when it first came out and love it still.
,Recommended,228280,35156253,Posted: 23 September,all,Paradoxa,"This game is actually pretty good despite its age. I really enjoyed it. The combat feels complex enough to entertain me, and the story is great too. I just wish it were a little more challenging."
,Recommended,228280,28140018,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Yondu the Ravager,"Truly a classic! These are games I grew up playing. While limited on a set storyline, you do have freedoms of choice available to you, such as equipment, spells, and other basic RPG aspects. Be mindful, though. While remade to run on newer machines and OS, there are still occassional fatal errors that crash the game. But they are so far and few between, you'll get hours of fun out of this great classic! This is where it all began!"
,Recommended,228280,16344366,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DocPaine,It's Baldur's Gate.  AD&D 2nd Edition Rules.  And playable on Linux.  Life is pretty sweet.
,Recommended,228280,16025473,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Skankasaurus,"Not without a few additional flaws, but a great redux of the greatest game of my childhood!"
76561198105649621,Recommended,228280,15999140,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[ECHO][-TT-]Pitchcomp20,"Grew up watching my older brother play this amazing and wonderful game, so glad that now I have it again but in HD edition."
,Recommended,228280,15499685,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jo Black,"As good now as it was in 98'.Everything about Bauldur's Gate stands up to the demands of time, with all the story and challenge from a modern RPG, while still capturing that AD&D feeling. The new content justifies the additional cost, and with enhanced aspects of the game, especially the improved resolutions, it gives a good reason to purchase this, as opposed to using the old disks laying around in a binder somewhere in the basement.While improved overall, this is still a once-upon-a-time game, and has seen it's better days come and go. If you are a solid fan of RPGs, or an older player that remembers clicking away, eyes burned by the CRT monitor, then this is worth buying, but if you are unsure, then this is at least a sure fire win on a steam sale."
76561197994319070,Recommended,228280,15982174,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scruff090,Such fond memories of this game and playing through now has brought them all back. Years later and it is still one of my most recommended games along with BG2!!!
76561198109895890,Recommended,228280,16198652,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,blackfyre1984,Fun new content and update of a classic RPG.
,Not Recommended,228280,15572193,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,twobitcoder,"This game was mostly unplayable at launch due to bugs. For instance, the quest log--after I got to Chapter 5, it went away, impossible to know what the quests are, what to do, where to go. Just one of the many bugs. The people who give this glowing reviews did not finish the game. And, as you can see, I invested many hours into it. There are areas where if you talk to an NPC before doing something else, the game just about blows up--from talking to an NPC! Your party is stuck, unable to leave the zone. I mean, it's just one thing like that after another with this broken mess. Sure, it is nostalgic, it's FUN, but only if you dabble for a few minutes and then quit, as I suspect 99% of the reviewers out there have done. Play it to win it, and you'll see what I'm talking about. I played through most of the game's content but am not able to finish it to see how it ends.[addendum] Beamdog fixed a lot of bugs during 2014, and I quit playing at one point toward the end without actually finishing. As someone here and on forums has suggested, the game did have corrupted savegame file problems that made a HUGE mess out of the game if you happen to be unlucky enough to have run into it, where the only solution is to reload from an earlier save. My best guess is, I ran into one of those problems, continued playing, and the game was messed up forever after that. Very possible starting a new game with the final patch would clear it all up.That doesn't change the fact that the game was unplayable for me. And just because *you* played it through 100% without any issues, doesn't mean it didn't have problems last year."
76561198051286377,Not Recommended,228280,15805228,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,varewoolf90,"Go old school instead of this bug-fest. Every playthrough I've had theres an army of maddening bugs; lag, no sound, etc. I love this series so much, but to see it violated as such is rather unpleasant.Buy the good old vanilla, go for fanmade mods instead. BG Tutu to mention one. The same applies to Shadow of Amn."
,Recommended,228280,25685497,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Luisfius,"It is Baldur's Gate. Amazing classic.This version is worth it if only for the ZOOM FUNCTIONALITY, which is not added by any mod that I know of. If there is any mod that does it, please tell me."
,Recommended,228280,10722382,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dragz,You like RPGs? You care more about plot than grafics? Then this old-school RPG is perfect for you. The EE brings back this brilliant game allowing you to play it on modern gaming systems and even adds some content.
76561198029262344,Recommended,228280,34752920,Posted: 5 September,all,LawCol,I played this when it originally came out and only bought the product on Steam sale to show my support. This is part-1 of the most enjoyable computer RPG experience I ever played. Part-2 is Baldur's Gate 2.
,Not Recommended,228280,31905214,Posted: 22 May,all,Whiteswart,"On the one hand, the game is (more honestly - was) a cool one, with all the history of Bioware and Black Isle people inventing and maturing RPG stuff back in the 90s, nostalgia issues and such things. On the other - its core gameplay mechanic is two decades of late at moment, unbalanced and unsatisfying even with the most of community updates made for all the time passed.Yeah, unlike the most of the reviewers, I don't see much problem in the ""Enhanced Edition"" (at least now, with all the post-production fixes). The basic layout - that's what bugging me with the troubling questions like ""why do I waste my time here?"".If you'll look into the other reviews, you'll mostly find two options. First will be like ""to hell with the Beamdog, they misplaced everything they could and begging our hard-earned money for that rip-off of the Legend"" (go and buy original at GOG, as an optional recommendation).  And second part of reviewers are holding the points that it's still a great game, even in the ""not-so-enhanced""-Overhaul Games edition. A lovely classic, with ""amazing writing"", and ""both the world and combat system are still really deep and engrossing"".Well, try to understand my point of view. It's a year 2017 now, and the question is about - should you buy and play the game now, without any longwinded history with the original Baldur's Gate CDs stashed somewhere in your closet?And the short answer - NO, I don't think it's worth the hassle. At least, until the moment you've cherished all the newer great RPGs, including isometric ones. Yeah, I know, some will say there that newer stuff is all secondary, unoriginal and unattractive. That's a quite vulgar point of view. You may like or not like some of newer IPs (titles), but, many of the developers are still doing their best, actually evolving the scene.Finally, let's get to the point! What I DO NOT like in the Baldur's Gate 1? Its gameplay balance. While the game isn't too short, it's not long enough, and the original developers made a gross kick in the backside of every hardcore RPG player - they freezed the experience cap at the point of 7-8 level (depending from the chosen class). After you've got to that cap, there's literally no point of doing the sub-quests, and going adventuring, there's no prize behind it. And if you'll use a community-made patch, unlocking the exp points - it's still matter not, as if you're getting more levels, the game is becoming a walk in the park, even on the hardest difficulty setting, with only one player in the team. And that's also ruining the gameplay experience. The point is - the Black Isle, actual developers, made too much stuff for the short Procrustean bed of ADnD core mechanics. In the Icewind Dale, it looked well-enough, but here, with the story so rich, so many places to see, things to do... and stupid mechanic where you're too weak on the start and overpowerful at the finish... I hate Baldur's Gate 1 for that. It's like a race where you need to eat or drink way too much for a very short time limit. It makes no sense, if you're care for what you do such things! (and bad for health too - unless you're an American of a feuilleton type, with a good lawyer, who'll sue everybody for letting you in such competition).So. Baldur's Gate is giving me rather unpleasant feeling of ambivalence. It's an old game which aged pretty badly, and cannot be fixed without reshaping it with another gaming mechanic, or at least, as a core part of complete Baldur's Gate body, including all games as one (and IT WAS MADE! - Baldur's Gate Trilogy exists!).I like the story - yeah. I'd argue with calling it ""brilliant"", but it's quite well. I like some of the enhancements of the Overhaul Games edition - like the ultimate difficulty level or more usable inventory. Even the touchpad-oriented style of control, making the game worth something on the Android Market and Appstore, is a good thing.But not the core role-play, where you get shot in the both knees on the half-road, since you'd be too powerful for the setout around.Maybe it's only worth an interest as a museum piece, to look at it very quickly, and get going. In that, and only that position I can possibly recommend it. Rest in Peace, a piece of the past. I'll mark you with 6/10, but I do not really like you."
,Not Recommended,228280,23045008,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anchorhead,"More  like ""Beamdong""...I haven't played SoD yet, but it changes nothing about the poor experiences I had with Beamdog prior to Dragonspear, conerning their port of BG to iphone. It was terrible for SO LONG. They seemed not to care. For the longest time their solutions to certain problems (the sidebar buttons that remove the sidebar, but don't bring it back) were actually work-arounds that the community had discovered. The tone of their responses to people leaned toward defensive, and it is off-putting.From reading these customer reviews, it only further reassures me that I didn't make a mistake by being wary of Beamdog's newest venture. They should just make mods. It seems like that's what they'd rather do, than deal with any mistakes that they make, or the unhappy customers who feel duped when they buy a broken product, or have a less than positive opinion of said product.I really wanted to be happy about Beamdog's latest venture. But it seems I should not be. Which is fine. I'll find other retro/retro-styled games to get excited about. Tides of Numenara, for example."
76561198011820438,Not Recommended,228280,13087827,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Noice,"For an enhanced edition you have to consider price and what it really adds. So for full pirce do i recommend it? No. On sale? Perhaps. The glaring issue is baulders gate 1 + 2 can be bought more cheaply than this, and with mods (whichgog.comtells you step by step how to install) you basically have all you wanted from this (aka wide screen). That being said standing alone is it good? Yes it is, is basically just baulder's gate 1 and that means it has many hours of adventure for those willing to seek it.  I personally would buy the originals and mod them but if this is on sale for a decent price (aka less than 50% of full price) it is worth it. Sadly steam bs system is recommended or not, so at full price its a no."
76561198141753822,Not Recommended,228280,14496860,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,detgar,"great game, if you have a non-enhanced copy, just play that with the widescreen mod and easytutu. dont like the replacements for the original movies thou, they're boring and pretty crud.Summary - Baldur's Gate is awesome, this version not that great. you can get the orignal from GOG dot com a lot cheaper"
76561198101230973,Not Recommended,228280,24564876,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DarthSnuggles,"If you played or had access to the original Baldur's Gate, this edition really isn't worth the extra money. The added NPCs and romances aren't anything special, and the difficulty of getting mods to work with the game is incredibly frustrating. Stick with the original, and take advantage of the really excellent BG modding community."
76561198053286557,Recommended,228280,23020078,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Axxxel,Wheels for a car.A ball in a football game.Strings for a guitar.Air for human.That's what Baldur's Gate is for RPG genre. Absolutely mandatory to have.
,Not Recommended,228280,24423889,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Anakoryzen,"Aside from the devs not honoring settings like not giving you max rolls on level up etc, it's decent. I'd still pick the original with mods though. Linear difficulty doesnt belong in AD&D. So on that fact alone; would not recommend."
76561198401469138,Not Recommended,228280,33842226,Posted: 27 July,all,MegadethSpawn,It's great if you can ever get it to quit crashing after even install/reinstall/validate files. -1 Steam
76561198046722552,Not Recommended,228280,12317413,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dsnow3,Tutorial is super confusing- Played maybe an hour before I had to shut it off- it just throws so much at you right away and it is impossible to know if what you are doing is good or not. Maybe this is a good game for someone who has the time to familiarize themselves with the system or already knows ADND but for someone without that experience I was completely lost and it was not interesting enough to learn.
,Recommended,228280,13034343,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Järnsida,"If you're the kind of person that enjoys having to use basic algebra in order to calculate the best build for your RPG characters, this game is for you. Unlike most modern RPGs there is no voice-acting so you'll actually have to read dialogues. You also have to actually read quests entries to figure out where to go and you need basic orientation skills. All in all I would say that most people born in the late 90s or 2000s should probably stay away from this game because they lack the cognitive skills required to play this game. If you do however have basic scholastic skills, this game is quite an enjoyable RPG experience that requires meticulous planning and use of tactics to beat it at the higher difficulty settings. Most of you are probably too stupid to appreciate it though."
76561198042670486,Not Recommended,228280,33097508,Posted: 1 July,all,[QC] McFreeze,Multiplayer is entirely brokenSpent too much time looking for a fix online without any solution.Do not buy this if you wanted to have a great time with your friend. It will simply not happen.
,Not Recommended,228280,18194813,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hatecrime,"play the original with fan patchesthe new content/characters are atrocious, the multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you cant mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it"
76561198013888467,Not Recommended,228280,20164712,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Serpentine Pad,Not for everyone-wasn't for me.
,Recommended,228280,7811226,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lpzie,"This game is about a big gate that is blocked by a balder. You have to try to level up your biceps to move it. You could also try to help an up-and-coming Great Mind in developing the concept behind torque, giving you a second way to move the baldur if you can find a strong enough plank and pivot. Riveting game."
76561198087746641,Not Recommended,228280,14658158,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TimmyTwoYears,"I haven't played this game for a few months, but when I tried to play it recently, it won't launch.  No idea why it won't work."
76561198079760485,Recommended,228280,24059255,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cartola,Timeless! The enhanced edition engineered a masterpiece to fit perfectly into modern gaming standards.
,Recommended,228280,11824961,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Cabamacadaf,"Go for the eyes, Boo! Go for the eyes!"
,Recommended,228280,17261679,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Arsene-Lupin,"Baldur's Gate is one hell of a game. Sarevok's reign of terror along the Sword Coast, the Iron Crisis, the progeny of a dead god wreaking havoc on the realm. It's a classic, make no doubt.Though more of a fresh coat-of-paint than the remake we all wanted, Beamdog's Enhanced Edition is overall an improvement over the original game--especially now that the many bugs that plagued the game at launch have been ironed out. Of particular note are the additional party members and quest content, which are closer in quality to the quintessential sequel, Shadows of Amn, than the original.Baldur's Gate is a masterpiece. I recommend--in the strongest possible language--that every gamer play both main titles at lease once. I must, in a heartbeat, recommend any gamer out there who hasn't already picked up Baldur's Gate to grab the Enhanced Edition immediately.In a heartbeat.But to gamers of the old school, my fellows and friends, I cannot say the same. Beamdog's Enhanced Edition of Baldur's Gate is nice, and in many respects superior to the original game, but the new content is far from game-changing, and there's simply too little there to justify a full play-through if you've already journeyed through the original game a half-dozen times. Unless you're a huge fan of the game, I guess. Like me. In which case: have at it!"
,Recommended,228280,24119795,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ry7n,"Baldur's Gate is a CRPG classic. It's a massive, sprawling adventure that requires hundreds of hours and multiple playthroughs to fully delve experience. I played the original nearly 20 years ago, and it remains one of my favorite games.Beamdog has done a fantastic job at smoothing out some of the most awkward elements of the original:* Being unable to both dual wield and use a bow* Having to quit an adventure mid-way through to run back to down and dump your bagsWhile also adding some fresh stories for folks that have already played through it a hundred times. While the writing quality of the new content feels a bit below that of the original game, it's better than the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion (included in the Enhanced Edition). The balance of the new classes and characters feels little on the weak side (with a couple exceptions--Dorn, Corwyn), but the game isn't so hard as to feel like trying them is impossible.You'll see some negative reviews by people who are incensed that anything has changed, and others who get offended at the existence of a single, minor character of nonbinary gender in the expansion. Take these reviews with a grain of salt; Beamdog has done a great job on both fronts.I recommend this game for anyone that wants to dive deep into a game and explore. It's a bit like reading the original Lord of the Rings, however, in that--as a classic--mechanics that were revolutionary 20 years ago feel stilted and painful now. This game has even made me appreciate 4th and 5th edition D&D significantly more after seeing what 2E was like in practice.One further note, this game has a vibrant modding community, and there's a ton of things you can add. One specific mod, the BG1NPC Project, is practically essential, as it fixes some bugs, adds a ton of great character dialog, gets some fun NPCs into your party earlier in the game, and adds romance options as well."
76561198095670036,Recommended,228280,24620771,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,davidgvance,"Wonderful update to one of my favorite classic RPG games!  I can't tell you how many hours I poured into Baldur's Gate in my youth, and it is so nostalgic to play this one again from the beginning.  I give this my highest recommendation - you'll love it!!"
,Recommended,228280,8393706,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"A classic D&D rpg, that I'll never forget, when I first played this years ago, I struggled to get past the first few screen, and I was completely hooked. "" I was enthralled by this game, and still am.Pros------- Brilliant plot, characters and world.- Beautiful background art.- Challenging combat.- Minsk & Boo, definitely pick up these awesome companions.Cons------- Noober - Everyone in town used to throw rocks at me and tell me I was annoying.- Fat cloned innkeepers kept talking about rats."
,Recommended,228280,9603521,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ega,"Great game with a very interesting lore, wide variety of scenarios, characters, and especially quests. There are many Quests that I wish that would be deeper, the story behind them is kind of flat. But, the story of the city of Baldur's Gate, the main pltoline and how it develops is really amazing. There's a huge variety of characters that can join your party, from the Devil to God himself, and even the new ones that were added are very interesting, along with the new quests that involve them. The gameplay itself is very different from modern RPGs, but it is completely playable nowadays. The strategic aspect of the combat is very good and when you manage to master a combat situation it is a very satisfying feeling. It also has a few minor additions as new character portraits, revisited cutscenes and some tweaks to the overall looks of the game."
,Recommended,228280,24588180,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dylirium,one of the best.  simply astounding.
,Recommended,228280,29531746,Posted: 27 January,all,Secchan,"I never played the original, but I've been recommended BG for years, for no other reason than that I love Dragon Age. BG has thus far been amazing and I can see some mechanics that stayed on for DAO. I haven't yet completed the game, and at times it feels overwhelming in its size. But I love the companions, I love exploring (in world that's mostly pixels that's an achievement), and I can't wait to find out how the different parts of the story fit together.This is great!"
76561198091056917,Recommended,228280,12663981,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SAFETYbw,This is how I play D&D when my friends don't want to do nerd things.
,Recommended,228280,7895367,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jack Of Shades,"This is actually an incredible edition with over 400 add ons to the original! Not to mention new class kits, npc's, quests, everything one could want in BG. Hard core fans will love this!"
,Recommended,228280,27988334,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Triiz,"I have played this game countless time. My first playthrough was done on a machine that didn't even have the minimum specs to make it run. I had a 1GB hard drive that basically had windows (98 at the time) and baldur's gate. I love everything about this game, the atmosphere, the story, the gameplay, etc. I guess that the nostalgia factor helps a lot in my liking of the game but it doesn't matter, this is my top 1 game, if I had to choose a single game before being locked out till I die, that would be the one."
76561198012195344,Recommended,228280,33894142,Posted: 29 July,all,unholy_hamster,"good old game but feel free to skip Siege of Dragonspear, its a pile of horsepiss."
,Recommended,228280,27495837,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Abasc,After all those years... it is still an awsome game.
76561198083916917,Recommended,228280,7908997,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Belasre,"hey friends, we should gather to remember good old LAN game days"
,Recommended,228280,8470868,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fablewynd,"The first instalment of the Baldur’s Gate series is the perfect introduction to what would become one of the most beloved benchmarks in RPGs; combining a compelling story, ample exploration opportunity, and tactical combat, all blended together in a well-established setting.Baldur’s Gate is the beginning of a journey that will consume countless hours of your time. You begin, as any good fantasy story begins, as a hapless youth who must journey out alone, thrust into a world they’ve never before seen. Along the way you’ll gather your fellowship of companions who’ll support you and provide commentary and banter on your actions and choices (though, this is more prevalent in the game’s sequel, Baldur’s Gate II). Whilst there is a storyline to play out, you’re never truly forced down a linear path towards it; there’s plenty of opportunity to go off the beaten track and explore the verdant countryside, or dreary dungeons. Cap it off with menacing villain and you’ve got an idea of what makes Baldur’s Gate special.Baldur’s Gate isn’t for everyone, however, and that’s a given. In a world where you have your photo-realistic, fast paced Skyrim, and Witcher 2, Baldur’s Gate may feel like a step back, and that’s understandable – when you look at Baldur’s Gate it does look slightly dated in terms of graphics, and not everything is voice acted (as everything tends to be these days,) but those shouldn’t be reasons to turn away from what is, in my opinion, a very special RPG experience. The graphics may be slightly dated, but they do hold up well even today. Their very particular aesthetic ensures that it is still a very playable game, and the Enhanced Edition’s UI overhaul allows for best navigation for the player. When you compare it to games like Dungeon Siege, or Neverwinter Nights, who opted for a 3D graphical engine, the game looks beautiful and timeless.If you’re playing an RPG for its graphics you’re not doing it right, though. What will draw you in is the dialogue and storytelling. The game really set the precedent for what a good RPG should include in terms of story. Admittedly it does use a tried and tested narrative structure (inexperienced adventurer sets off from the homely home, whilst being pursued by an unknown enemy, gathering friends along the way to help take down this evil), but it doesn’t feel overly cliché. The well written dialogue feels like a novel some times, in terms of the quality and sheer amount, which will strike a chord with some players, but understandable put others off; there is a hefty amount of reading to do, when compared to the minimalist approach of modern RPGs. Personally, I find a great chunk of dialogue compelling, but I can see why it would be off-putting.In terms of what the Enhanced Edition actually adds, there are quite a few new features and many more fixes for old bugs that will never get officially patched out in the original games. Firstly, three new NPCs are added in to the mix, each giving a new personality and set of skills to help you in your adventure. The NPCs are fairly well written, and voiced, but I do think that they don’t blend seamlessly in to the catalogue of NPCs for Baldur’s Gate. They aren’t terrible, by any means, but they are noticeable. One of the more important changes is the UI, which really helps to modernise the title as best it can. It is possible to mod the original game in order to make it widescreen, and give it Baldur’s Gate II’s UI, but if you’re not familiar with the way modding working in the Infinity Engine it can be a little daunting and a little tricky. Overhaul did a good job making a working UI that feels like it belongs in the game. The seldom praised aspect that the Enhanced Edition brings is numerous bug fixes. Baldur’s Gate is over a decade old, and is no longer maintained by its developers, and as such it has built up a number of bugs on modern hardware. What the EE aimed to do was squash as many bugs as possible, and make it compatible with as many computers as possible. It has succeeded in that respect, however it has introduced a few new bugs of its own in the process, so be aware of that. The developers are still working on patches for the game, so don’t fret too much, but do be aware of this fact. Other than this, there’s a fairly decent arena style campaign to play through, for those who enjoy the tactical combat Baldur’s Gate employs.A few final things to note in terms of what the game offers are the rule system and general gameplay. Baldur’s Gate uses 2nd Edition rules of Dungeons and Dragons, which for all its praise can be overly complicated at times. Those unfamiliar with D&D rules may find themselves totally bewildered by terms like ‘THAC0’, and ‘saving throws’ but if you do a little research it can be understood. The rule system is one of the main components that puts people off the game initially, but with a little perseverance you’ll be able to play the game without needing to know every little rule mechanic. The pathfinding in the game will also have players feeling the age of the game, as it is very basic and very frustrating. You’ll find characters taking the sub-optimal route when issuing them to move through a corridor, or a street, which can get pretty tiresome after a few hours of babysitting your party; be warned.All in all, Baldur’s Gate is one of those games that I feel should be given a try, even if you’re apprehensive. Of all the series, Baldur’s Gate II is (in my opinion, and many others’) the superior game, and so don’t let Baldur’s Gate put you over getting the sequel, as BG2 improves upon many of the first game’s shortcomings. The price may be a little off-putting, but if you see it on sale then definitely grab it and give it a whirl. Just don’t go in expecting Skyrim or Witcher, because it’s a whole different beast (for the better)."
76561198058827542,Recommended,228280,8379786,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Frondson,"EDIT :  Being Slowly consumed by this game. 752 hours in BGEE and BG2EE now. Once IWDEE comes out that'll probably make 1000. If you want a bang for your buck you'll probably not find something better for an old school RPG lover.I've been an RPG fan for many years now. I started on the good ole Final Fantasy series when I was a kid and that evolved to early console games from Bethesda and Bioware mostly. For years my favourite game ever had been Dragon Age Origins. But that was only because I somehow missed out on Baldur's Gate. Playing it now, even with the isometric view and hand painted environs, it has become my new all time favourite game, along with the sequal. The story is epic, the gameplay is fun and exciting, the party members and diverse and interesting, and best of all there is a massive ammout of customization, replayability, and roleplayability. All in all I highly recommend this game, along with the sequal, to any fan of tatical RPGs."
76561198007021826,Recommended,228280,17410790,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,OppsMybad24,"This is an absolute classic, well ahead of it's time.Multi-player is great fun and the new characters are enjoyable additions."
76561198071420445,Recommended,228280,16941409,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,gkasbeer,"Best RPG I have played, a classic and with revamped EE it is better than ever."
76561197973517501,Recommended,228280,8112518,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ethien,"One of the things RPG's always miss is a strong script editor.  I'm not talking about customization, I'm talking about someone who reviews the script, and edits the crap out of it to make sure it makes sense no matter what play through you do.  BG and BG:EE have always had this.  I just wish Dragon Age, NWN, Skyrim, Masseffect and all the other new /major rpgs had this.   One person can change the landsacape of your entire game."
76561198039584978,Recommended,228280,8460559,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sweball,A Classic game. I must buy for mostly older gamers who have been there when Baldurs Gate was released and to young gamers try it you might like it.
,Recommended,228280,11412799,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TheOptionalOath,Are you one of those pretentious D&D snobs who believe 3rd Edition ruined D&D? Do you believe your complicated math as the only one true way to play? Then this game is for you!11/10 would get my THAC0 on any day.
,Recommended,228280,16898061,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Wombhammer,one of the BEST games ive played since i was little and played it then. still put countless hours into this game and cant get enough
76561198098565770,Recommended,228280,17282982,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Morgan Layfay,I'm loving it.
76561197970569897,Recommended,228280,17387075,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,THEREALWARPIG,The King Of All RPGs. This is it.
76561197995636828,Recommended,228280,17495763,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Diskdoc,"I wonder if there is any other game that has left such a memorable footprint in my life. The story is truly epic and I prefer the low level fantasy (character dev and inventory) rather than the high level stuff in BG2. The soundtrack is absolutely wonderful and probably the major reason I will still need to return to this game before I kick the bucket.This enhanced version is great! The whole game got a facelift, the interface especially is nice - doesn't feel old. I also really appreciate to have this on Steam now, patched and ready instead of worrying about patches with the stand alone original version. And no CDs! :)Perhaps best of all - it runs natively in Linux! I could never dream of that becoming a reality when I started gaming BG back in -98. Trying to get the game to work properly in WINE was probably the main reason it took me a decade to finish, the first time around :)If you buy this game, you're in for a great story and experience! Don't miss out!"
,Recommended,228280,7882440,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,|-VICTRIX-| TheRipper,BALDUR'S GATE.No need other words.
,Recommended,228280,15621224,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Salt Spikke,"ME HOTEL'S AS CLEAN AS AN ELVEN♥♥♥♥♥♥A good game. 7,5/10."
,Recommended,228280,16847031,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cheese Time,Before I played this game I thought we were all doomed but after a swift kick to the morals I became nature's servant. So have a rare display of intelligence (undoubtedly fleeting) and buy the game.Oh and install mods. Lots and lots of mods. Because this game has one of the largest and most dedicated modding communities of all time.
,Recommended,228280,16956546,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Deisophia,"Baldur's Gate is often held up as the epitomy of Role-playing gaming, and a hallmark of excellent writing (there certainly is a great deal of text!) To a certain extent this is true, as Baldur's Gate has a reasonally well developed plot, a plethora of cut and dry standard fantasy characters and well constructed dialogue, that utilizes a quite advanced vocabulary by today's standards. Is it as great as the rose-tinted lenses of nostalgia make it out to be? The answer unfortunately is no, Baldur's Gate is advanced for its time but compared to some of the more modern RPG's is lacking in awareness of broader issues and ideologies. It's a simpler game from a simpler era, that layed the groundwork for the more advanced exploration achieved by later games.As for Beamdog's Enhanced Edition, it adapts the graphics to run on modern resolutions however it still suffers from pixelation due to the nature of the original graphics themselves. The sound runs perfectly, and crystal clear with little to no distortion and the inclusion of the new content is welcome for those who want to experience the old mechanics, yet explore a slightly new adventure."
,Recommended,228280,17439222,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,uberwookie,"A faithful port of the old classic, it is indeed enhanced. Bioware wrote the wonderful story, and the battle mechanics, though unchanged, are well translated into a modern game engine."
,Recommended,228280,10806524,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Leydorf,"If you haven't played any Baldur's Gate before get it right away. But only if you're into old school RPGs, otherwise... you gonna have bad time (and add another bad review).Played it back in the days as young folk with face covered in pimples and now you're old prick with kids, stuffed wallet and annoying wife? Hey, don't drink yourself to death, time to recall old times."
76561198135367417,Recommended,228280,30928013,Posted: 3 April,all,NuMetalManiac,"basicly the best pc rpg of all time. but i love playing it also on mac when im home or when im on go i play it on pc pretty strange... am i right, basicly one of the best games i played but haven't been playing the game that much. becouse this game is so challenging. but if people have not played it yet then you have to try it i basicly recommend this game for people who would love old school pc games + also people who play D&D....."
76561198359294168,Recommended,228280,30836347,Posted: 30 March,all,Kanicky 5,"You lead your motley crue of misfits across the sword coast to solve the mystery. Someone wants you dead, and has murdered your adpoted father. Now, on your own for the first time, you must make your way across the vast and dangerous sword coast looking for answers about your past and to find out who wants you dead, and why."
,Recommended,228280,27044813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[HB] Roy/Aemon | SOTR,Yes
76561198051663305,Recommended,228280,26916925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toremneon,"Baldurs Gate is a timeless classic! If you are a RPG Fan buy this game, you don't have to second guess this a second. If you are no RPG fan, after this game you will be!Yeah i know, some core fans are not happy with the changes and I would much perfer to play the game in its original version too, but nevertheless: The game is on of the best RPGs you will ever find!"
,Recommended,228280,26705676,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,kelseyr713,"The Enhanced Edition made it possible for me to finally finish Baldur's Gate after 13 years of attempts. Baldur's Gate II is my favorite game ever, and I've finished it many times, but it was very difficult to go back and try to play BG after BGII. The enhancements are well worth it, and I look forward to replaying with the additional companions. The story mode difficulty option is wonderful as well."
76561198002491985,Recommended,228280,27728332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kyrozen,"Not dispointed for an good old game, was worth buying."
,Recommended,228280,27751856,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[5th] Naranthor,"Excellent game, improves upon the original and makes it almost as good as its sequel. If you are a D&D cultist or are just looking for an excellent RPG (particularly one that doesn't require many resources), this is for you. It also worth noting that this game also includes ToSC stuff (great!). What Beamdog appear to have done is take a good game and then made it great by fixing many bugs, adding new quest lines and bring in some new characters with personality. On another note, the DLC is excellent and I highly recommend that it is bought along side the main game."
76561198071689614,Recommended,228280,10272300,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"When I first played BG, I hated it. That was a long time ago, when there was no enhanced edition and it only ran in ridiculously low resoloutions (what do you expect, it was an early 90's game).After the Enhanced Edition came out, I loved it! I suppose I always enjoyed the fundamental elements of it, but now that it's un-glitched, and with better resoloutions I can't get enough of it.BG is set in the forgotten Realms, but it does a good job of appealing to people who aren't fimiliar with FR. You play as an orphan who must set out to figure out why you father was murdered, who did it, what connection it has to an iron shortage, and why assassins are after you as well. Its a top-down isometric RPG where you can control your own custom character and up to 5 other characters. This all done in a Dungeons and Dragons style with 2nd edition rules.There are compelling characters that feel real, a lush and vibrant world full of lore, and a plot that is as complex as it is interesting. I would find it hard to believe that someone would be unable to fell immersed and intrigued by this game.My one criticism is that combat is brutal, even on lower difficulties. This is because you start from first level and can only get as high as ninth level during the course of the game. It is somewhat frustrating, but it evens out a quarter of the way through or so. Slogging through it is definately worth it for the later payoff, though. And if you're skilled enough, it isn't even that bad. Some would argue that the difficulty is a good thing. This isn't a game that hold you by the hand, or expects you to be stupid. No, it is intelligent and mature.I only played the vanilla version of BG once, so I'm not an expert on the differences between regular and Enhanced. I think that with 3 extra companions, each with their own personal missions, and the Black Pits game mode, the price is worth it. As far as I know, nothing was deleted or changed that might make fans of the classic version angry. In fact, I think the 3 new companions are even MORE interesting and well-written than the vanilla ones. It's also hard to argue when hundreds of lines of dialouge that were previously silent are now voice acted.BG1 is a classic. It easily fits into my list of top 10 best games ever. If you never played BG, this is your chance. If you did play it, but aren't sure if EE is worth it, let me tell you that it is."
76561198028216487,Recommended,228280,10926140,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Strykr,"Fun, not for the very casual gamer"
76561197994682427,Recommended,228280,13353314,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Th3Glov3,This game bought back back a lot of memories. Awesome to replay with all the improvements. The only thing missing was the spectacular mauual/spell guide that came in the OG box.
,Recommended,228280,4323776,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,✪ Mantis,マルチプレイヤーは「シンプルな仕事」ではありません！
76561198022646537,Recommended,228280,8614280,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Stormraven,"Classic, and well worth your money."
,Recommended,228280,12452223,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AnotherMemory,"One of the best games I've ever played and the Enhanced Edition is even better. There isn't much enhanced graphics-wise, but there are new items brought in from Baldur's Gate 2, which makes this game more playable and slightly easier. The addition of four new team members was nice, all of them are equally well written and fun to get to know, especially Neera ^^. Somehow, not sure if it was because of this Enhanced Edition, but there were some glitches here and there, blocking me from certain areas or quests. The final fight glitched up too, where the main boss just died when I came in to the room (scaredy cat :P)Certainly recommended if only for the cast of characters, great graphical overworld and well-arranged music tracks. Now, will somebody hold my hamster?"
,Recommended,228280,12642299,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[CoRe] Drakrytaren,just as the title says: Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Editionnothing more nothing lessgood game to start with :)
76561197987352310,Recommended,228280,12682222,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Laird,Bought when it first came out and it did not work.Forgot about it in my library for over a year and now it works.Exactly how I remember it but much smoother.If your a fan and like me lost your original disks then wellworth buying!
76561198125795303,Recommended,228280,14971228,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Herk,Best RPG family ever.
,Recommended,228280,13845739,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cloud Wallace (F),"NOTE: I’m posting this review on both Baldur’s Gate: Enhanced Edition and Baldur’s Gate 2: Enhanced Edition pages, since my opinion is valid for both products, and they should be considered as one.What can one say in front of such magnificence? These two RPGs are simply the pillar of western production of this genre, and when the two are combined in a single game they definitively are among the top 10 of the must-play for every PC gamer out there, no matter the age.BG:EE and BG2:EE are simply THE definitive Dungeons & Dragons experience, including almost all the possible 2.5 Edition Core and several optional rulebooks of the Forgotten Realms setting and translating them into a marvellous duo of 3rd person games.Although both games are very old (they were developed and published between 1998 and 2001 by Bioware / Black Isle Studios), they have been “enhanced” and made available on modern systems (including Windows 7/8/10 PCs, OSx, Android and IOS) by the guys at Overhaul Games / Beamdog, who not only re-tooled the original Infinity Engine to make it run on modern platforms, but also added several other goodies that were not present in the original release, in addition to bug fixes and standard “curator” jobs.I could go on for pages and pages describing in detail the marvels of the Baldur’s Gate Series, but I’ll try to cut it short and stick to a much shorter format.PROs- Ever dreamed of taking your typical AD&D session with your friends out of the pen & paper setting to a PC screen? This game is for you!- Charismatic characters and companions: Minsc the Ranger (and Boo!), Jaheira, Viconia, Xzar, Sarevok… what else can I say?- Longevity: both games combined are well over 100 hours of gameplay- Replayability: seriously, there are hundreds of possible combinations of classes / races / kits / alignments / companions / choices to completely change your experience at every playthrough- Every action you make affects the game world, like it is expected from a proper Western RPG. Apart from some scripted events to progress with the main story, the rest is up to you- Multiplayer: join with 5 friends to create a fully custom party!- The (new) developers are supporting the game with patches and fixes, and they actually listen to the community- Compatible with most of the original BG / BG2 community mods- Runs on every system, even your mobile phone / tablet (NOTE: the Android / IOs versions are separate purchases). HW requirements are very lowCONs- After more than 16 years from my first BG playthrough I still cannot find a single flaw in any of these games. They are simply a masterpiece.In a nutshell, these games set THE standard all the following RPGs on the market were measured against, and none of them was able to surpass Baldur’s Gate until now.Buy them, play them, enjoy them. 12/10, would pickpocket Drizzt again"
76561198017685960,Recommended,228280,7974173,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Coventine,"A decent remake of the first entry of Baldur's Gate series, aka the best games of all time.My only problems with it are:-The new bits have worse writing than the mods (and that's saying something)-A Tutu/Trilogy provides more content, and is also loaded with awesome mods and bug fixes that haven't made it to this release-THE INTRO'S GONEIf you don't want to go through the trouble of modding the original, this is the game for you, especially since the BG2: Enhanced Edition is out now."
76561198020284877,Recommended,228280,7988397,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Degrelecence,"In 1998, Baldur's Gate was an absolutely amazing game. Far ahead of it's time, extremely complex and deep, great combat, and a lot of interesting 'history' to their world. In 2013, it feels eclipsed by more polished, faster paced, and better graphics games. The unforgiving difficulty forces you to replay a lot for seemingly random reasons. Also, it's size makes exploring a bit of a chore at times, and the number of quests with no real clue as to where to find them makes questing almost tedious. I actually completely forget I have quests sometimes and sometimes spend so much time on side quests I forget what was happening in the main story. Overhaul Games has done a great job of porting and upgrading the game. All the changes are subtle but valuable. I would just suggest waiting for it to be on sale. $20 feels a little steep for a 15 year old game."
76561198082172755,Recommended,228280,8178276,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kitty Kat,"If you've played the original Baldur's Gate and enjoyed it, this game is fantastic. :) It has features previously only available for BG1 through mods, such as the tab-light when searching for doors/items on the ground. There's new characters added, which aren't out of place and fit in nicely with the game. After years of obsessive playing, thoroughly enjoyed this update."
,Recommended,228280,8624150,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,The_Channel,"The great story and the very easilly undertandable game mechanics, all together with the classic AD&D characteristics can surelly compensate the somewhat outdated graphis, i had a really great time playing this with friends and by myself on the main campaing as well as the expansion pack. It's very easy to customize characters and even their portraits and the server creating is also very easy. Great game, great fun."
76561198010609142,Recommended,228280,8901257,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Petrophysix,Fantastic redo of a classic. I personally look forward to a brand new one in the series but taking the trip back to Baldur's Gate was worth the time while I wait.
,Recommended,228280,8946769,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Eliwood(gone for awhile),"Played this for a long time trying to figure it out when I was a teenager and coming back to it now as an adult gives me all sorts of nostalgia. Its the type of nostalgia where I'm like ""Why was I was so stupid and why did I give up so easily and didn't pay attention to game mechanics and why did I  just brute force this"" I wanted this to be my cup of tea when I was a kid because it looked like a really good game, anyway that aside what do I think?I think this game has aged really well, if you like RPGs or D&D and you want to try this, its a classic, but its a classic that requires a lot of patience. It brings  realism to the table, you wouldn't just go into a dungeon and throw your life away like nothing and just charge like a berserker at any danger you saw, you need to take a lot of things into consideration and this game does that, it makes you think, constantly, its definetly not an easy game, and it definetly does not hold your hand. You learn a lot as you play, if and only if you are observant of the mechanics, I didn't do the tutorial though cause I didn't think I needed it, but I could see how it would be very helpfullGraphics: 8/10This game has aged well and the remasterring did a few touch ups, made a few things look more modern and pleasing to the eye, the only reason I am not giving this a 10 is because dat pixelation when you zoom in, the resolution could have been touched up a bitSound: 7/10I like the soundtrack of this game a lot and it like almost everything else in this game(key word almost) has aged quite well.... except for the hillariously bad playable character voiceovers that get old in 5 minutes tops, some of them are good though, NPCs are pretty good and have also aged welland they also added some new stuffMultiplayer: haven't tried yet cause I want to learn the game and play the main story first/10Gameplay: 7/10Like I said this game has aged very well it just requires a lot of patience, pausing, planning and good ol' trial and error, its not everyones cup of tea but it can grow on you if you give it a chanceFinal verdictIf you want a game that will give you hours and hours of gameplay  and have the patience of a saint   I say give it a gobut if you want something easy then this is not the game for you"
76561198081897208,Recommended,228280,10266635,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Some Mentally Hard Glaswegian,MADE ME ♥♥♥♥!!!! TWICE
76561198066043346,Recommended,228280,12743795,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,zelazzin,This RPG is one of the best ones I have ever played! I stongly recomend this to those who does not care for graphics but for story! 8.5/10 bananapankakes.
76561198046919862,Recommended,228280,12813627,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,BEEZER TWELVE WASHINGBEARD,"I loved this game back in the day and it still holds strong now. I tried to get some younger guys to play it (these are guys I play 1st edition ad&d with) and they had a hard time liking it. I personally think its awesome, it gives me a huge dose of D&D inbetween sessions."
,Recommended,228280,12975890,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Thamior Silberdrache,"This is it. One of the most ultimate Roleplaying experiences of all times.Well, if you allready own and played the original Baldur's Gate and the Tales of the Sword Cost Add-On, there is not much to tell. You might still want the game if you want to try some new classes which were not available back in the original game or if you want some new subquest related to four new NPCs, or if you want to try a new short campaign mainly about arena fighting. Or if you want to replay the game with some better graphics, support for modern hardware and better multiplayer options. But in the core it is still the old game back from good ol' times.If you have never played Baldur's Gate but you love (true) party-based rpg games with a deep storyline, much lore and epic fights, moral choices with true consequences for your gameplay and interacting NPCs, let me say this: Stop searching. Click Buy! If you are searching for good RPGs on relevant community-site on the web, you will almost always find Baldur's Gate in the Top 10 although the game is more then 15 years old. And there is a reason for it.The closing of Black Isles Studios which originally developped the Baldur's Gate-Series and Planescape: Torment and the Icewind Dale-Series was one of the saddest days in gaming history. No studio ever again made such high-quality RPGs."
76561198101879761,Recommended,228280,13421342,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,The Mysterons,"An oldy but a goody, great rpg game and one of the best D&D - pc games.Loved this game when it came out & still do.Great story, great gameplay, glad they made this enhanced edition."
76561197993139288,Recommended,228280,13970765,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flaick,"If you like the best RPG in the story, you must buy it. It can be played today with better resolution and all new classes from BG2."
76561198005098912,Recommended,228280,14041327,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,dsj49,This remake of the classic game has got me hooked just like the original.  I lost a lot of time in this game as a young adult and have probably spent as long in it again now.  I really like this game for the story NPC interactions and tactical combat.  The graphics may be simple and not appeal top everyone but in my opinion this is not a major issue and this game has become my favourite (nearly the only) game to play
76561197986929247,Recommended,228280,14061266,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Freyabird,"A true classic. Great story, memorable characters, and a challenge that really feels good to overcome."
76561197994583777,Recommended,228280,14332833,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,evil_Ink,"It's the game of my childhood. Best RPG ever (excluding Planescape:Torment:). I recommend this game for all the people which really love AD&D, Forgotten realms. Best dialogues and atmosphere of real fantasy."
,Recommended,228280,16166329,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bryan,Love classic D&D
,Recommended,228280,9069778,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,pdaelo,"A classic.  If you like RPGs, this is highly recommended.  In fact, get the whole series!"
,Recommended,228280,9594900,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Atlas,"Welcome to the first instalment of one of the best crafted RPG series ever. Yeah I know Mass Effect is big now, and Dragon Age is following in the footsteps remarkably well. Well so long as you’re notDaveanyway, regurgitating some asinine reviewers comment about the game spatially being so small compared to DA:O and found the area re-visiting ‘lazy’. ♥♥♥♥ you Dave. Stop being such a lazy, attitude-poaching son of a gnoll and draw your own ♥♥♥♥ing opinion. Go get a university-level degree and learn how to critically analyse, further your education with honours and write a thesis on the development of players expectations vs. reality  throughout video-game-RPG history, replay DA2 and draw your own god damn opinions for once in your life! I’m not bitter at all,Dave.Anyway so Baldur’s Gate is a finely crafted game, rich in story and full of dynamic ways you can go about your adventuring business. We’re talking about mesh-painted isometric glory, back in the days where screen resolution wasn’t really a thing, and ‘3d acceleration’ was something you could toggle on your mouse cursor. But it’s okay now because Beamdog have optimised it for us modern technophiles.I’ve heard comment from a friend that it’s too slow paced for a modern audience, not enough flashing lights and voice acting and animation to keep your attention. But buck up, you sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es. This is worth your time and all of your attention. All you need is a little passion for some earnest, down-to-earth RPG grit underneath your otherwise pristine, dainty fingernails. RPG up.And seriously if you don’t keep Xzar and Montaron in your party you are dead to me."
76561197964802815,Recommended,228280,11099719,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Uncle Phil's Beard,Great update on a classic.
,Recommended,228280,12691287,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,JamesFish21,If you like a good RPG with a detail world give it a try. This game lives up to the legend.
76561198022266513,Recommended,228280,12983355,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,captainhawke,"One of the classics, the update wasn't too bad, and it brought back great memories. If only there could be an updated version of the original Goldbox games from SSI....but until then, the BG:EE is a good alternative."
,Recommended,228280,13281185,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,LtUlrich,"The game itself is easily the best RPG I've ever played. If you've never played it, it's worth whatever the price is. The only thing I didn't see mentioned in other helpful reviews is the fact that you are given complete freedom upon leaving the starting area. This game was truly 'Open World' long before that was ever a thing.Any quality issues you might have because of the age of this title, such as graphics, are easily overshadowed by the brilliant writing, open-ended gameplay, and the level of completeness and care that was originally put into this game.The Enhanced Edition is a welcome improvement. It launched for me first try with no issues on Win7x64/AMD 8-Core. If all it did was run the game and provide modern display resolutions, it would be a great success.Visual enhancements and more options to tweak gameplay are also included. These are icing on the above-descibed cake. Documentation on some of these features is lacking, but it looks like Beamdog is in it for the long haul.Other enhancements make the game more like BG2, adding subclasses, dual wield, extra weapon types, mechanics tweaks, NPCs, etc. By any measure these things are an improvement, BUT I have mixed feelings about it since I love the original, with all its limitations. In a way, BG2 is less good now.In summary a great rerelease of an epic game. Bugs (new ones) are barely worth mentioning & since this was clearly a project by someone who loves the game I have no doubt that they will be eradicated.No good reason not to buy this game. :)Thanks and congrats to Beamdog. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,228280,7816261,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Vikings,One of the all time best D&D RPG's ever made. Basically created this genre on PC. Absolute must have!
76561198018992006,Recommended,228280,27880439,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tuty,10/10 good old game
76561197971715434,Recommended,228280,35182196,Posted: 24 September,all,click,"Time to dust of old skills, spells and incantations - Baldurs Gate was one of my favourite games back in the days, and I'm definately not disappointed with this remake (bar the usual suspects of funny bugs).All in all, worth it. When it ends up on sale again, grab it - or just pay for it full price."
,Recommended,228280,15349525,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tmark,"My childhood.. Along with Baldur's Gate 2, Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 these are the best CRPGs ever made."
76561198070059822,Recommended,228280,16228362,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,FrostyPhantom,First time I equipped singing steel on my blade it was the best moment in any game ever.
,Recommended,228280,28038058,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ships,Xpectáááááááculo!!!!
76561198097137581,Recommended,228280,28040979,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MadHigh,First Love
,Recommended,228280,28040671,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ukafadar,It's never gets old. One of the best games of all time.
76561198022258583,Recommended,228280,28003886,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,^4Tyrant of Yore,still miles better than anything else in the genre
,Recommended,228280,27878265,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Badelock2G++,"The best game I've ever played. The gameplay is just amazing, the storyline is dope, even on the graphical side, the game isn't lacking behind, even though it's 17 years old. Of course, the textures have been updated, but still.Absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,228280,9300021,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,lsdfunwalk,The pump machine if u like rpgs
76561198085784657,Recommended,228280,17131874,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,darkknight2874,why wont this game work anymore ?
76561198007486006,Recommended,228280,20003150,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,claudiassj,"The most classic RPG of all RPGs. If you can survive the graphics from ages ago, you'll find a challenging game, with a deep story and an immersive world. If you like RPGs, you simply have to have it."
76561198026267281,Recommended,228280,28672494,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Merle,"Gratest RPG classic, old, coming off the capabilities of today's games, but not the outgoing playability, and even more addictive than the current 'popular' production."
,Recommended,228280,28557976,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Al,"First playing in this great RPG in 2017, great port on Linux.  good even after RivellonLike it  ! Thanks for Porting and HD resolution.Game can be better if add option HIDE already completed quests. For one click"
76561197994869353,Recommended,228280,32055164,Posted: 29 May,all,eXtolence,<3
,Recommended,228280,31905291,Posted: 22 May,all,Delameko,"I still have the big box, multi-CD releases of both Baldur's Gate games and expansions (and IWD & PS:T), and I'm enjoying this update very much.  I really like the updates Beamdog have done.The ""cartoonish"" characters some players mention can be fixed by turning off outlines in the options.  Although, I like the outlines.  They remind me of the Ultima series.  The new characters are fun and add some variety.In fact, my only negative at the moment is the new journal, which looks very awkward and covers half the screen, so not much better than the original.  And also I'd like to be able to hotkey the ""Reveal Details"" button, or at least have it remain active once pressed."
76561198052265766,Recommended,228280,31776530,Posted: 15 May,all,Valachmyr,One of the first great crpg games. Highly recommended.
76561198256229483,Recommended,228280,33291019,Posted: 5 July,all,Like Hod,"This is, obviously to everyone who has ever played it, probably, the greatest Dungeons and Dragons game ever made.  It's a work of art and thing of beauty.  It's fun to play and tells an intriguing story."
,Recommended,228280,860254,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Greyfoe,parce qu'on est jamais trop old school quand on est un chef d'oeuvre
76561198058872922,Recommended,228280,32632184,Posted: 21 June,all,Cybownide,Jogo muito bom recomendo.
76561198197965242,Recommended,228280,32977696,Posted: 29 June,all,zanathas,I have always loved playing games that are like Dungeons and Dragons. The Baldur's Gate series is and has always been one of my all time favorite games. I love a good questing game based on the genre.
,Recommended,228280,31543798,Posted: 4 May,all,Barik Morloc,Still haven't played the 2nd one cause I keep replaying this one.
76561197970786463,Recommended,228280,26028280,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jairogeorge,"I bought this game on its initial release back in the 90s and quickly realised that my PC was not powerful to handle it. These days I mostly play this game on my Ipad (hence my low number of hours played on Steam). How technology changes...I'm currently replaying the game after not having played it for about 15 years. I thought its age would grate on me, but I find it just as enjoyable as I used to. For those who haven't played similar games and are unfamiliar with 2nd edition D&D the game will probably not seem very intuitive or user friendly. If you're up to the challenge to try something different though, and want to see a well crafted game and a great story, it's well worth it though."
76561198003911161,Recommended,228280,29213604,Posted: 12 January,all,Paragon XC,"I played this game and its sequel allot even before the Enhanced Edition was released.Great story, fun and interesting characters (Go for the eyes boo!) game play is good but I guess its a bit complicated to understand the systems behind it if you never touched a table top rpg back in the day.I would recommend this game even if it wasn't enhanced.The second game is more varied and superior but this one is definately where you want to start and take it all the way to the end.Butt kicking for goodness!"
,Recommended,228280,29316242,Posted: 17 January,all,TMk,No need to change CD to load a new area! :D
76561198160538440,Recommended,228280,26037188,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JollyGreeneGerbil,Interesting story and quest objectives
76561198045882856,Recommended,228280,29317197,Posted: 17 January,all,pharmgrinder,"I had this when it first came out back in college. Had a fun Saturday when four of us set up a LAN in my apartment and played this for the day. Didn't get very far with it after that and then that computer broke and I lost my saves. After college I installed it again and got further with the game but then my computer broke and again lost my saves. As it turned out I had only scratched the surface of the game content. When I got around to getting a new computer the game was too old to run.So I was really excited for a chance to try again on my Linux Ubuntu 14.04 Rig. Part way through my playing it, they created the enhanced edition. For the most part the enhanced edition is better. Some of the charm was removed like the way the journal worked, but for the most part it has been improved. The graphics are better but not really changed. It supports modern resolutions and widescreen TVs.I had a blast playing it for the most part and was able to finally finish the game. I thought the game has aged very well. The story is good and the combat allows for all kinds of things you might try playing real D&D. It is a long game and there are many side quests I did not end up doing. The rules are second edition AD&D. I grew up playing that, so this was super fun and nostalgic. It is very nice to have a computer keep track of all the complexities of the game. Some quests are still a bit bugged but I did not encounter anything game breaking.If you grew up playing 2nd ed. AD&D or want to learn what it was all about then this is the game. It's all here. Multiclasses and class changes. Full theiving abilities. Big lists of spells. Subclasses. Scrolls, potions, magic items. The amount of content in this game is crazy. Also if you are a fan or CRPGs this would be a good match for you. Keep in mind the graphics are old school, but they still look decent. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,228280,9405628,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Skav,"Baldur's Gate is one of the greatest RPGs ever. Never mind that it's on the PC, it easily stands toe-to-toe and exceeds the other great RPGs we grew up with at the time on the consoles. Technically speaking, the game was ahead of its genre. No other game from the era featured such things as a full cast of voice actors, deeply engaging combat system, and intricately crafted story as this one does. To this day, the Baldur's Gate saga stands as one of my favourite RPGs which is saying a lot since it's been years since I first played it.However, I don't recommend the enhanced edition unless it is the only access you have to this game. The ""enhancements"" are essentially just a botched UI that isn't cuztomizable and ruins the appearance of the game to make every character on the screen look like a cardboard cutout. Not only this, but on high resolutions the UI does not scale well and gets cut off making it look incomplete. I have 100% seen better fan-made mods for the UI. I am really disappointed in the developers that they have no idea how to preserve a game and how a legend such as this made it into the hands of these ametuers is just beyond me.I would have been happy if all they did was add high resolution support and achievements. They went too far trying to sparkle up the game and it just taints the original homely feeling of the original."
76561198045118691,Not Recommended,228280,17714521,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Scarface,"Game tweaks and enhancements are very nice compared to the original game, but the added characters are out of place and overall the content Beamdog added feels forced on you. Also, the new characters are scripted into the main plot so you have to talk with them at least once (whether you'd like to or not). Save your money and mod the original with better quality and free upgrades."
76561198007968270,Recommended,228280,31014268,Posted: 8 April,all,Lord Pebblebee,Awesome
,Recommended,228280,31004994,Posted: 7 April,all,Nikki Angelus,"""Classics be classics, yo.""Let's start with the more or less negative features: This game is DIFFICULT! It will brutalize your♥♥♥♥♥♥time and time again. It will make you hate yourself, the game itself and this entire planet, but it also fuels your inner gaming ambition and forces you to continue as long as it takes to finish it. The graphics are also a bit outdated and it might be a difficult to look at it, but Beamdog have fortunately done their best to remaster the game and it looks good enough for even the biggest visual elitists.Other than the aforementioned difficulty, this is a game that has it all! It's an all-around RPG classic with a cool story, surprisingly deep characters and great voice acting for a late 90's game."
,Recommended,228280,28462511,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheyCallMeMrPigeonCusImJustSoCoo,It's one of the coo'est. Extra coo'.
,Recommended,228280,34476287,Posted: 25 August,all,a Bard,"I cannot recommend this game enough. I grew up with this game, it is a staple of 90s RPG games.  This was a game originally done by Bioware, the company behind Mass Effect and Dragon Age. This was one of their first big-name brands.The story is long, and there are a large number of side-quests to keep you busy. The enhanced edition adds even more content and some truly memorable new NPCs on top of the 25 that existed in the original.This game is really good for people who like to go beyond the simple RPG aspect and into the realm of choosing your own story. With multiple ways to play and interact with people, this game truly makes you the master of your own destiny. Want to be purely good? Dark and evil? Or somewhere in between? You can do that. You'll spend hours alone making a new character. This game runs under D&D rules and is part of the same universe as other gems like Icewind Dale and Neverwinter night.The Enhanced edition makes you able to romance characters as the second one did, and expands the story further with the addition of Siege of Dragonspear.this game is the most genuine 10/10 I have ever given. I implore you to give it a try."
,Recommended,228280,34389272,Posted: 20 August,all,Nurland,"This is one of the absolute classics of the genre. Highly recommend. Legendary characters, entertaining dialogue and a pretty interesting storyline. Great sidequests as well. Just an absolute must for anyone even slightly interested in isometric RPGs."
,Recommended,228280,30501585,Posted: 13 March,all,JoopJohnson,Some of the best encounters I've ever seen in a game. Some of the best character creation I've ever seen in a game. It's good.
,Recommended,228280,26463121,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,King of Hot Dogs,"Loved this game when it first came out and played it multiplayer with my friends.  Awesome to see it again in the enhanced edition.The story is great, graphics are updated and can run on a multitude of systems."
,Recommended,228280,26462648,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,WarlordofBritannia,WARNINGTHEY ALWAYS WANT YOU TO GO AROUND CANDLEKEEP CLOCKWISEIT IS A LIEInstead go counter-clockwiseUnless youre VeriaxThen you die to the first enemy of the gameMultiple times
,Recommended,228280,26399612,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,BIG Chad Kool,Fun fun fun
76561197998612015,Recommended,228280,28512965,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jaanus,"Nothing quite like swinging at a Xvart for 30 times and then getting one-hit by him at level one. A truly unique experience.Other than that, excellent game."
76561198565763204,Recommended,228280,29426507,Posted: 22 January,all,rosst96,Highly recommend this game to anyone!!!
76561198051040139,Recommended,228280,29412916,Posted: 21 January,all,stoneworks,First time player and I am absolutley loving it.
,Recommended,228280,30560693,Posted: 16 March,all,Sahuagin,"Heck yes I recommend it, games don't come better than this."
76561198007257178,Recommended,228280,30021506,Posted: 18 February,all,Rapierduell,Simply the best adventure game of all time.  Love what Beamdog have added.
,Recommended,228280,3915729,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Encephalon,"This is a remake of the role-playing video game Baldur's Gate and its expansion Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast which were both originally released back in 1998 by Bioware. This review will contain minor spoilers.Graphics definitely shows its age and can be distracting for a newcomer who have not experienced such graphics before. Personally for me, i find it dated, but with a certain nostalgic charm. Environment art are pretty detailed however and are lovingly rendered in pixel art. Character sprites however look very generic and small.The music consists of nice sweeping orchestral pieces. Sound effects sound good with the clashes of swords and the swoosh of a magic spell. I did encounter issues where the volume would suddenly crank up for no reason at all during certain events (Eg: when a trap got activated).The main 25 hours story unfortunately felt rather generic although it has a unique way of presentation with a narrator reciting the script as if like a Dungeon Master in the pen and paper version. As such, I felt that the general feel of the game doesn't feel at all like a video game, but feels more like the pen and paper experience translated into digital form. This may or may not be a good thing depending on your tastes.I liked how organic and natural sidequests were presented. You could have a random NPC walk up to you for a chit chat which may lead to something more sinister or just wander around and help out along the way. I recommend not to slavishly do each and every quest, but rather play thru the game normally and just let your party randomly encounter these side quests. Also, because this game is old-school, do not expect it to hold your hand and show you your exact quest objective. You are expected to read the ingame journal which will give vague hints and you actually have to do some exploring.The game has quite a high combat difficulty curve at least at the beginning when your initial party is low leveled. It will not hesitate to throw a tough boss or impossible random encounters (a crew of lvl1 characters against 8 higher leveled bandits. Really?!?) relatively early and wipe your party. Remember to always save your game before and after every conversation, and before and after every battle. Proper position and tactics are essential and vital to early combat.If you persevere however, this difficulty curve will drop very significantly when your party members are around Level 4. At this point, you will find almost all non-boss battles to be a breeze where all you had to do is to select everyone in your party and just zerg rush mobs. Enemies do not scale to your level. I find this sudden drop in difficulty to be very strange and felt very odd considering how hard it was to survive during the early levels.As for boss battles, its very easy to exploit the game by getting your magic users cast area effect spells before they even see an enemy to soften them up. This is particularly true for the last boss where I just lured his allies out one by one, zerged them, went out to rest and heal and repeat until he is the only one left standing. Needless to say he died in about 25 seconds to my zerg rush.Overall Rating: 6.5 / 10Criticizing this game almost feels like a crime considering that alot of people enjoyed it alot. I enjoyed this game for sure, but I felt it might have been a little too hyped up. My view is that it is a good game, but it could definitely be alot more polished. My main concern was that the story narrative was too overt instead of being subtle. You are literally being told a story instead of experiencing one (if that makes any sense)For anyone like me who have played the original pen and paper version and also experienced older RPGs before, do give it a try if you haven't already as you might enjoy it.For younger players who have never experienced older RPGs and never touched the pen and paper version before, i'd recommend watching some gameplay video previews before committing to it as this game does show its age now."
,Recommended,228280,4822371,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Dunga,Best game ever a must buy
,Recommended,228280,5674673,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Kjelsberg,"I recommend that you do NOT buy this game here on Steam, at least not yet.The version uploaded to steam is an old outdated one for some reason. If you're lucky enough to get it to work on your computer, you're in for a buggy experience. Wait for them to (hopefully) patch it properly, or just download the original game onGOG.comand install BGTutu, which essentially does much of the same as the enhanced edition.Having games on steam is convenient, sure, but there's no point having convenient access to games that don't work."
76561198039390830,Recommended,228280,7838583,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Gunner,Always been a fan. Baldur's Gate baby.. what more could you ask for?
76561197961005648,Recommended,228280,8694210,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ObeyTheChief,Baldurs Gate!
76561198076102559,Recommended,228280,10732473,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gamernerd86,"Such a good classic.  The remastered version gets it all right, and good to play if you're into the old core AD&D.  Many many hours will be spent here!  10\10"
,Recommended,228280,10896139,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,C15-UM,The RPG of RPGS.
76561198017619263,Recommended,228280,11010747,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ムTheTagger鬼☯,One of the best rpgs ever made
,Recommended,228280,12476540,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,criddlegakes,Refreshing take on the game. I love the new PCs and character classes
76561198017137827,Recommended,228280,13503357,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Steveo,"Most D&D games since released have not lived up to the potential of this game. This is challenging, but it doesn't feel like the game cheats when you lose.Certain things aren't explained for the uninitiated, for instance, if you take your newly created wizard right to the front of the battle, they will probably die in seconds. Strategy in combat boils down to protecting your group members by placement and defensive spells, and carefully using the pause button to assess or adjust the situation.Baldur's Gate was based on an older rules version of D&D but this won't matter if you have played some newer version or none at all. Don't expect to see healing surges, daily powers or advantage / disadvantage."
,Recommended,228280,13511280,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Xaeius,"I really only bought this so I could have it on steam. I placed way to many hours playing the classical version of Baldur's Gate as a kid. Seriously, now I think about it, wasn't that thing about 4 CDs worth of installing? But man... GO FOR THE EYES BOOOOOO GO FOR THE EYES!!!!"
,Recommended,228280,13699950,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,；あぁぁす,"Baldur's' Gate is a classic that every RPG fan should play at least once.If you have never played this game before I definitely recommend it as one of the best RPGs of all time, and the best Canadian video game ever made. This is actually one of those games that has aged relatively well, and the graphics, while not great by modern standards, do not distract from the story.Enhanced Edition only has a few extra things over the classic version, but if you are lazy like me and don't like to install too many mods, then it's exactly what you want."
76561198094089328,Recommended,228280,13929679,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,smoke&3is,FRP Classic. Everyone should play it.
76561198065063610,Recommended,228280,14036782,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DeimosExitium,"Classic game, graphically not up to todays standards but still a great game!"
76561198024391681,Recommended,228280,15106748,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,dragonpumpkin,"Classic. One of the all time best RPG games ever created - google if you don't believe. I have completed the game at least 10 times, and I still come back for more.I can't say anything more than this is an absolute classic game and if you have any love of RPG, this game is an absolute must to play.Plus you don't need tons of cd's any more."
76561197975256812,Recommended,228280,10670251,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zylo47,"If you like RPGs and you're familiar with Dungeons and Dragons 2nd edition rules, this game is for you.  Well made, fun, in-depth.  I played this game for many hours when it was first released and enjoy it just as much now."
76561198066296251,Recommended,228280,10689574,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WMAdoy,Classic RP masterpiece.  Plus. you can use your CHARNAME in the next one.  Worth the time!
76561198094588839,Recommended,228280,10927150,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Beefy Heat,"Classic RPG based on the pen and paper D&D (as if you didn't know).This is where it all began for me in the PC RPG world.Good story, robust character customization, large explorable maps, awesome magic items, and strategic party formations."
76561198133616082,Recommended,228280,10948829,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,goldcoffeecat,"Love this game, classic stratgy rpg. All the childhood. The Black Pits didn't really entertain me for too long though."
76561197978577701,Recommended,228280,11280816,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,outcast,Baldur's Gate is a game every gamer should experience atleast once.  Graphics are still serviceable today.
76561198146936596,Recommended,228280,12031487,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jamz D3N,"If you ever want to join me in a game that I own, I would tell you to look into Baldur's Gate, its a multi-player RPG. Its really old but it goes of the origanl Dungeon and Dragon's rulebook. I like RPG a lot, but this game is old, but let me tell you its super fun and after we beat the first one, we can both get the second one, and beat that too. LOL, but its up to you. You might want to go on youtube to see if you like it, if you do `note that this is the enhanced  edition, there is a difference. I am down for any recommendations as well. Just imagine Skyrim, but multi-player. Plus I can help anyone who wants to join, its up to 6 players, but if it is just two or three of us we can fill the team with AI that we control. Fantastic game for the time it was made... I am Jamz D3n and I approve this message."
,Recommended,228280,12332143,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Delytronic,"It's a pretty neat update for the old game, but I still think that if you don't know AD&D 2.x rules you're going to be frustrated and sad.  Get it on a sale.  Or maybe on a tablet, where it would be way more fun."
76561198034098809,Recommended,228280,13444479,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TrewLLTS,Fun classic
,Recommended,228280,15060942,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Redditor,"Sleep lightly, taskmaster."
76561198030987214,Recommended,228280,15148228,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DaCapin [3PARA],"We've gone back to a true classic, Baldur's gate is a masterpiece when it comes to the RPG genre and set the standards for many modern day rpg's. A true pioneer game and the remastering has done it a lot of justice by adding just the right things but keeping the game true to the originalhttps://youtu.be/lVLL64RrnOw"
,Recommended,228280,16667886,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BiskutMentega,"Tried to play few times with the modded classic version, but couldn't go further than the Nashkel Mines. Not sure exactly why. Probably I modded it wrong and the text was straining my eyes, looting was a hassle and I die all the time. Or probably the classic version looked too old. Or probably because this time I try not to engage enemies in the early game, avoiding hordes of kobolds and slowly gaining exp by doing the easy stuff first.Now with the enhanced version I can loot better. Currently I'm slaughtering bandits for golds. Such a good life.The quest journal is still a mess tho."
76561197985984031,Recommended,228280,1075445,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,[PixelPower] Attilha,"Assolutamente da evitare sino all'uscita della prossima patch. Glitch grafici ingiustificabili per una riedizione di un gioco 2d: videate che si sovrappongono con shift-tab di Steam, gli ambienti interni vengono mostrati in primo piano rispetto all'ambiente precedentemente lasciato mentre quest'ultimo rimane visibile. Non vi dico che cazzo di schifo. E' UN GIOCO A 2 DIMENSIONI, PERDIO! Manco Daggerfall era così pessimo..."
76561197970360662,Recommended,228280,399406,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Months,"Hier, als je een RPG wil welke echt klassiek is en naar mijn mening (en van vele andere) 1 van de beste ooit gemaakt en nog steeds steen goed is. Koop hem en wordt verslaafd."
,Recommended,228280,4929576,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,SirAwesomelot,I just can't recommend this enough. Best RPG series ever! :D
76561198020658083,Recommended,228280,7302144,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Nautical_Sage,The definition of classic. I recommend this to any fan of Bioware or anyone looking for a good and difficult RPG.
,Recommended,228280,7858654,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SeverelyLtd,You sacrifice the total freedom of a real Dungeons and Dragons games in exchange for not having to roll 50 dice for everything you do. A worthy trade-off.
76561198087272323,Recommended,228280,8068889,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Mogarano257,"Much improved :)  It was a much ranted about gripe of mine in the origanal that the game paused on the map screen, and unpaused on the inventory screen.   The other way round is SO MUCH BETTER!!!   The new character options are great, new classes are fun to play with.  The new characters that join your party are fun :) especially Neera, though wild surges can be somewhat bizarre as you cast magic missile and giant confusing birds appear!?!?!  Maybe in future the inventory screen could be paused/unpaused manually, that would be useful."
76561198020424429,Recommended,228280,8314654,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The S.B.A,"If you are interrested in a decent review of this don't read further because I was too busy thinking of all the awesome stuff in this game I could not come up with any negative things about the game. ""Go for the eyes Boo go for the eyes! RAAAGHGHGH"""
76561198040644085,Recommended,228280,8540849,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,A little jaunt,Buy this damn game
76561198001826588,Recommended,228280,10660831,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soloder,A fun classic game. Still crashes on occasion but managed to finish this compared to the old version of the game.
76561197961636871,Recommended,228280,11346522,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sgt.Ford,Absolutely one of the best additions to Steam. Baldur's Gate is a kind of game that never gets old and will remain a legend.
76561198132005305,Recommended,228280,11380627,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,symonr3,Loved this when it first came out.  Still enjoy it now
76561198125280765,Recommended,228280,14126051,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PaleRider13,"This game is one of the best. If you need to read reviews about it to decide whether or not to buy it then you missed out on the glorious childhood this game has given many people including myself. Enhanced Edition has added even more to the game including new characters which I love (especially Neera xD). Plenty of stuff to do in the game, I loe it to bits and I can't describe it any other way :')"
76561198000283899,Recommended,228280,14135722,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pred,This game never gets old. A great RPG and the enhanced edition just adds to it with a few new nice extras.
,Recommended,228280,14156546,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TheGreatMars,An expansive masterpiece originally made by Bioware.  Beamdog's remastering of the classic fantasy legend definetly holds up.
,Recommended,228280,15080915,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Marshberger,"I loved this game when I was 6 years old and I had to put in one of the 6 disks every time I entered a new region, and I still love it now.The best rpg I have ever played."
76561198033576631,Recommended,228280,15332380,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,"Theyve improved a classic here, worth a buy if you played the origional, or if you want to try a classic."
76561198024893178,Recommended,228280,16460505,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,bamdorf,"Baldur's Gate is a classic turn based RPG that looks and plays very nicely in the enhanced version.   I played the original to completion and liked  it a lot; I went through it again with the enhanced version and it actually felt fresh and was fun to play again after so many years.  It helps of course that the there is considerable replay value because of the character creation and playstyle opportunities, including many choices as to companions.If you haven't played it I would suggest it is a lot like Dragon Age Origins (obviously DA  was  heavily influenced by the earlier game).  Of course the graphics aren't going to be quite as good but they are certainly not bad in this version."
76561198051881190,Recommended,228280,16563542,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,gimlid2002,"An absolute classic. Iso turn based rpg character building at its finest and most natural state. Add to that a brilliant Forgotten Realms Based storyline in a Salvatore fashion and it is near perfection.The most pure representation of 2nd addition D&D money could buy. Reasonably priced and worth way more, the deluxe edition is a huge improvement on all ready near perfect game."
76561198005659294,Recommended,228280,16703971,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ikios,"The fact that they changed almost nothing, implemented improvements, and allowed for resolution scaling to HD levels makes this remake pretty much perfect."
76561197969476136,Recommended,228280,356138,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,IntrepidusX,"Do you remember the 90's? Specifically do you remember wasting half your child hood on black isle games that came on 6 cd-roms that you had to switch around constantly like some kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DJ?If you don't, then skip this game. If you do remember that then buckle up because your about to buy your childhood back for 10.99$ I'm not sure what they've enhanced specificially besides adding a few characters and stabalizing the fram rate. It's the same experience it's always been complete with insta kills and unbalanced encouters. Better quick save/"
,Recommended,228280,4831056,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Simply Chris,"Played this game when it first game out and this remake has fixed most of the issues that plauged this game. Better graphics, bug fixes and just all around fun."
,Recommended,228280,5515721,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,SynReign,I just purchased Baldur’s Gate: Enhanced Edition and looking forward to playing as I wait patiently as one of my favourite role playing games of all time downloads…
76561198003315008,Recommended,228280,8565791,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheTaxmanCometh,Great for those suffering from extreme nostogia. I love it and was happy to find they did a really good job of restoring the great game and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izing it.
76561198069894088,Recommended,228280,10238152,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ramoth30351,Having fun reliving what brought me to the gaming community. I am having fun playing this game with the new content and the reliving the old content.  I am enjoying the game alot more since I now have several years of playing WOW and SWTOR under my belt now.  Makes me blush to see how far I have come when it comes to playing this old but good game.
76561198002651778,Recommended,228280,10830534,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lord Andrew,"If you missed playing d&d in the old time this game is something for you, it takes one of the greatest roleplaying games, and upgrade the graphix, so it can be played on a new computer."
76561198068817182,Recommended,228280,10847444,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slayer JO,amazingly fun!
76561198046440983,Recommended,228280,10962793,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kim.jolicoeur,"I've only played up to recruiting Jhalid and Jaheira, but so far this game is as awesome and humbling as I remember.I love the new zoom feature and most of the little tweaks to the interface. Dialogues are very well written and engaging. I didn't read them so much when I played the old version many years ago, but the writing is very, very good.It's a difficult game, very easy to get slaughtered at the beginning and this takes a player by surprise, especially one who is used to leveled enemies. One could assume they are easy because the heroes are LvL 1, however beware!Not to mention the weapons break at the start of the game.So far, I am enthralled again."
76561198140182040,Recommended,228280,11060529,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,sprayandpreyoverlords,can we get all of the baldurs gate series on steam i know there were like 4 of 5 games of the series
,Recommended,228280,11073563,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,midnightq2,"One of my all time favorite games. This was the first RPG I ever played where I felt as if I was freely exploring an open world and doing whatever I wanted to do. The enhanced edition adds some nice features, including some fun new characters."
76561198006567004,Recommended,228280,11915643,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,duff,Feels like the first time.... but with better control
76561198066297220,Recommended,228280,12153352,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Vilneus,"I still own a copy of this from the original release, however recently bought it for the PC, then bought it for the android. the multiplayer could not have been easier to connect. super pleased."
,Recommended,228280,9619892,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Pigeon_Soup,"Plays like the origional, no problems with backwards compatability or anything. Serious nostalgia up in here."
76561197976714431,Recommended,228280,13301826,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,NocturnalR1tes,"A game so difficult that you will end your first session with PTSD. Save often, know your place in the world and try not to cry. Even with outdated graphics this is a masterpiece with clever gameplay and many choices. Highly recommended."
76561198000968838,Recommended,228280,13802077,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,PH4S3B34ST,"Good remake, played through start-finish with no issues."
76561198006541570,Recommended,228280,14174781,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,gamblor1st,love this game keep getting killed but always come back for more.
,Recommended,228280,714064,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Wolfy,a classic and for 5 bucks cant beat that
,Recommended,228280,794046,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,DevilTyphoon,"This is THE GAME and not only ""a game"". Fantastic!! The Best Fantasy game i ever play in my life."
76561197980195198,Recommended,228280,855359,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Wadeyboy,"Great update to an old and classic rpg. I never got to finish it originally after putting in many, many hours because I bought a new computer with a new Windows operating system that wasn't compatible. Hopefully I can now play through to the conclusion! Still stands up well even by todays standards."
76561198004741870,Recommended,228280,2260037,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Outcast,Not a remake of the engine. Still plagued with CTD and many other bugs
,Recommended,228280,3429992,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Rendercatz,Great!
76561198024807244,Recommended,228280,3565652,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Vee,"An easier version for anyone who has tried the game but found the rule book and mechanics too much for their britches. Game creators added the 'normal' difficulty which has automatic maximum hitpoints on level, 100% chance to learn new spells, weaker monsters, and generally a lot of foodstamps for unresourceful. Story is still the best for RPG's."
,Recommended,228280,4644100,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Dapper Prinny,"This game is by far one of the best RPGs that I've played. Had I been able to obtain it sooner, I would have."
76561198016039334,Recommended,228280,7821394,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Iron Lion Zion,Shining star in d&d crpg panorama since 1998!This port of BG is well done and will let you replay a masterpiece you probably played as a kid.
76561198024219821,Recommended,228280,7842590,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Captain Orgasmo,Good chance to get in touch with RPG classics. Nice addition to collection.
,Recommended,228280,7888400,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,grouty,Classic
76561198002918299,Recommended,228280,7943233,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Meek,"To play the BG series is to love the BG series. While it's possible to find the original game with it's expansions for less, the additional support, bug fixes and revamped networking makes this a significant technical improvement to a game that was amazing in every other regard. The added Black Pits campaign is very short but a fun aside from the orginal game."
,Recommended,228280,8024515,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,soups,"This game is my childhood in a nutshell.  Excellent storyline, not too difficult and not too easy, straightforward gameplay and relatively easy to understand, simple UI with enough information to be both informing and not intrusive.  A+ game.  Definitely recommend to those that enjoy medieval-fantasy D&D stuff."
,Recommended,228280,8113367,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,wooq,"One from the vaults.  I remember playing through this endlessly on an old Compaq Presario rocking a Pentium 2.  A milestone in the genre and inspiration to countless future RPGs.  The update provides access to some class options and improvements from its sequel, as well as adding some new content, but the flavor and substance is left completely intact.  A must-play for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,228280,8135400,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Syntax Error,Any and all RPG fans need to play this game.I can't say that this game has any real enhancments.But it is sill one of the best RPGs ever.
,Recommended,228280,8226227,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Exo Waltz,"Bringing it back,... BG is reborn again.This game is a true RPGRTS as you travel through the lands, slaying monsters and seeking the truth behind your birth.Looking for the theme that became the base for every other game out there... look no further.In short,... without damaging the game itself, the EE keeps the feel of the original intact whilst cleaning up the rough edges. A true experience and money well spent."
,Recommended,228280,8280446,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Byum Neidee,"This game was ground-breaking when it came out. Even though I wasn't a D&D fan, I still loved it.Only surpassed by it's sequel and of course the legendary Planescape: Torment."
76561198007522487,Recommended,228280,8493169,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mr. Moon,"This is a remake of a game released in 1998. It doesn't change much from the original, mainly adding widescreen and HD options, updating the combat system to the sequel's improved version, and bugfixes and some minor content.Is it worth the money? If you already own the original, I wouldn't say so, because it can easily be modded to about the same level as this. However, if you don't own the original, or just want to download it and play it, without fuss or modding on your new machine, I'd say go for it! However, be prepared for what it is: an old CRPG, with everything that means. Clunky UI, difficult combat, lots of talking, and a rather poor explanation of concepts and such. It's a beast, but you'll be rewarded if you manage to tame it.As for the new content, it's decent enough, adding three new characters, which are all more fleshed out than the original ones, with a lot more dialogue and such. It also has new portraits and a new area called the Black Pits, which is basically an arena where your party squares off against waves of monsters trying to survive. In all, okay but not worth to buy it just for that.Buy it, or don't, I'm sure you'll be happy either way. Live long and prosper, you sexy beast."
,Recommended,228280,8541410,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,aewtech,"Wow, this game has aged so well! I'm Having a terrific time playing it again."
76561198053231731,Recommended,228280,8615434,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ellivoc,"I bought this game because I've loved playing it in years gone buy, but either something is really screwed up with the download  or the game does not function with windows 7.  I'm extremely disappointed.Ok I'm Updating this review.  After building a new rig with higher end components than my other I have found that the game works just perfectly.  The new rig consisting of an i5 Sandy CPU and GTX 780 video card."
,Recommended,228280,8639222,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Slyspider,Fantastic game and even better with friends.
,Recommended,228280,8766815,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,alonsoII,CLassic AD&D !!!
76561198066155809,Recommended,228280,8778842,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Chris,This is an amazing game. First of it's kind. A must play for any serious gamer who knows their gaming-history.
76561198014127619,Recommended,228280,8794004,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ThisFuzz738,"A classic game that made D&D the coolest thing since sliced bread. It reminded me of why when old D&D mages chose anything other than sleep their party killed them and told them ""This time don't pick anything other than sleep. Dumbass."" If anything is to be said of gameplay it is this, quicksave often this game cuts your heros down like a sexual predator does children sudden and when it is least expected. But it is the repeated gesture of trying new and interesting combinations of skills and abilities that eventually lead you to triumph over some obstacles, the rest is usually luck. By in large one of the most rewarding experiences i've had in a long, long time."
,Recommended,228280,9219084,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Emissary of the Prophets,"Baldur's Gate is a classic role-playing game, the great grandfather of games such as Skyrim and the Witcher 2. Set in the Forgotten Realms, Baldur's Gate uses the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons rules. Despite the age of this game and the dated nature of the graphics it remains very playable with plenty of locations to expore and treasures to find. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys RPG games who is willing to forgive the rather dated graphics. I bought the game when it was on sale, given its age I don't think it is really worth the full RRP, more modern games like Dragon Age Origins and the Witcher 2 offer better value for money."
76561198057638155,Recommended,228280,10151281,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,sharmaneslater,Beautifully updated and just as fun as I remember!This game is epic 5 stars *****
76561198068205375,Recommended,228280,10328227,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Atticus Finch,"Gorion would be proud of your actions.I played the original to death years ago (I left school and stayed home smoking weed and playing BG all day), so I didn't know If I could have another go through start to finish... Well it was worth it!  New content and characters made it fresh.  If you never played BG then do so. One of my all time favourite RPGs, just wish they could make a 3.5 addiion similiar to this."
,Recommended,228280,10341661,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Latchford,"10/10 - Awesome game! Played this years back but never got far. Bought it on recently Steam and found myself being sucked into a whole world of fun! The story is great, the combat is well balanced and the characters are a laugh. Really would recommend this game, especially for all those classic D&D players out there!"
,Recommended,228280,10869640,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rockjock,"As good as I remember it... wish it had some texture upgrades or something, though."
,Recommended,228280,11204640,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,seb,Does not work using Windows 8.1 on an Intel HD 4000.
76561198000613090,Recommended,228280,11338515,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Stallion,"What is there to say about Baldur's Gate that hasn't already been said? Probably nothing. This game and its sequel are probably the two best RPG games that currently exist and that may ever exist. The story is rich, the characters are well developed, the gameplay is fun and satisfying. I replayed both many times.The enhanced edition changes are ok I guess. The support for higher resolutions and smoother graphics all together are the nicest addition. The Black Pits are pretty much meh."
76561198002902077,Recommended,228280,11362606,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kimchi,Yes.
76561198071482878,Recommended,228280,11668848,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Holaira,played it for two hours then came back now it wont openhave played it before they enhanced  good game
76561197982250314,Recommended,228280,11741808,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Qwerty[FIN],One of the best games ever.
76561198141725871,Recommended,228280,11904855,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,tannara jay,"Not only does the enhanced edition add a whole new beautifully crafted and elegent overlay and UI, it also has been completely configured now to include all the character classes and benifits of BGII and BGII enhanced. There is no reason now NOT to play the origianl BG, because playing this is revisting all the classical parts of the time period of gaming without the drawbacks of an older D&D engine. Buy it."
76561198137642941,Recommended,228280,12146337,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,asmovegreekdave,"I have tried playing again after having not for some time, and am getting a OpenAL32.dll error.. I tried un/reinstalling but to no avail. Please help"
76561198152008215,Recommended,228280,12186295,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gondor_85,Classic game that got the lift it deservedA definate must buy!
76561198077512503,Recommended,228280,12311550,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Papa Dragon,"HOW TO PLAY BALDUR'S GATE:1. LAUNCH GAME2. MAKE PARTY OF FIGHTERS3. WAIT UNTIL ALL LEVEL 84. KILL DRIZZIT5.TRY TO KILL DRIZZIT 50 TIMES6.FINALY SUCCEED, AND GET BADDASS ITEMS"
,Recommended,228280,12931550,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CincoSwim,"Baldur's Gate: an expansive rendition of the DnD 2nd Edition ruleset, allowing you to explore and quest along the expansive Sword Coast. While the graphics may be outdated, it's still one of the most faithful DnD videogames to stay true to the Pen and Paper RPG."
76561198121070321,Recommended,228280,12972191,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,knobby666,"I played the original extensively and have to say this is every bit as good!I'm not totally convinced that they haven't nerfed the difficulty slighly but I'm playing on hard and that seems to balance it out nicely.The new items are nice, they could have put in the murderous sword of killing +999, and ruined the game but they thankfully didn't.I've nearly finished the game now and can honestly say this is just as good as ever. The storyline is epic. It is damn hard to play evil in this game though.There's a lot of reviews on here that say ""don't buy this game unless you played the original"", but it's not THAT hard, it's turn based when you want it to be. Just mash quick save a lot so you can try different tactics on a hard encounter. I wouldn't recommend having your character as a mage first time round as assasins (there's always some hired goon after you) etc tend to go for your main character even if you have them further down the running order.I still think this is the closest computer game to proper DnD, and I like how you can turn on hit rolls. Ultimately, I can't wait to play BG2 next (again) as that really is ADnD but with a macastic sadist for dungeon master.The visuals might look dated to some, but I find it endearing really, although I would have thought they might work on the audio a little as it's bugged to buggery. Compatability wise, I'm playing on a crappy toshiba windows 8 laptop and it runs perfectly.Finally, the added ""pits"" mode is great, so much fun trying to make silly parties and seeing if you can do it, ie- 6 mages haha.Storyline 10/10Gameplay 10/10Dialogue/ characters 10/10value for money 10/10visuals 7/10"
,Recommended,228280,13116781,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kazoo,"Buckle your seatbelt, kids, we're going to take a trip down childhood memory lane. I remember playing Baldur's Gate 2 when I was in my late, nerdy teens, and I fondly remember spending hours on end playing the game. Graphics are AMAZING for the time, and you can't really get anymore immersive without sacrificing your weekend hours going to a Live Action Role Play session in Nerdville! You want to be a Half-Elf Wizard? Do it. An evil Human who wields two daggers, steals from the rich and gives to the poor only to then take it back and keep it for yourself? DO IT. I suggest you buy this game, grab a 12 pack of your favorite soda, a bag or two of your favorite snack and prepare yourself for an adventure you won't soon forget. Ladies and gentlemen, ask not what you can do for your nerd, but what can your nerd do for you?"
,Recommended,228280,13191641,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,hilikus,"playing through the baldur's gate series - particularly the second game but also this first installment - was one of those childhood experiences which forever altered the way i looked at video games, and my viewpoint of what a good video game was.  it was hard, it was beautiful, and it was fun.  the artwork, the music, the level of detail, and the amount of character customization - this game had my friends and i mesmerized for what seemed like years.  even as a kid, it was obvious to me the amount of love the creators put into this game.  to this day, i dont think any rpg series comes close to touching this series' legacy. ive replayed this thing so many times its sick. ive finished every quest, met every companion, killed everyone worth killing, gotten all the most badass magical♥♥♥♥♥♥ and romanced everyone in between.  these were the kinds of games which impacted lives on a level deeper than any regular game youd came across. it imprinted something onto my imagination which I will gladly carry with me. yeah its getting up there in age, but play this series through, at least once. its a classic."
76561198032573770,Recommended,228280,13365282,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Thorin,"So far I've been very happy with the Enhanced Edition.  I still own my original copy of Baldur's Gate but when I tried to replay it a couple years ago, I couldn't get it to work on my current computer.  I love not having to change the CD every time I go to a new area.  And the screen resolution options are quite nice.  Not sure how I'd feel about the game if I hadn't played the original first though."
76561198025729523,Recommended,228280,13439952,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Syboc,This game is just as amazing as the original edition.  New quest log and easier to follow journal.
,Recommended,228280,13459484,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,asx °,"The father of fantasy RPGs, and a legendary masterpiece. Based on the Dungeons & Dragons universe, there are not many RPGs with such a huge story and complex world. This game might be old, but the enhanced edition has a few additional features and is optimised for newer machines. If you love RPGs, exploring hours over hours and enjoy a rich story, this is a must have classic."
,Recommended,228280,13504533,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Sharpie,"At first, I couldn't stand this game due to its difficulty. But given some time, I've grown used to its style and have come to recognize it as one of the best RPG's I've ever played."
76561197969792590,Recommended,228280,13583269,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CmdrLOBO_[VOV],"What a great opportunity to replay a great RPG I played in 1999. Now enhanced in every way for a great price.Rich story, classes, graphics, and multiplayer with friends. Also segways into Baldur's Gate 2 Enhanced."
76561198039059566,Recommended,228280,13667333,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bluesinthirds,Must have CRPG.With latest patch its really shine.
,Recommended,228280,14037407,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"Funny, difficult, Lots of loot, things could be done in so many ways it's hard to me to explaindeep dialogs, everything is based on dice throws like in DnD"
,Recommended,228280,14118633,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tristram003,Tip: The difference between level 1 and level 2 is a lot bigger then you'd think. Early levels are hard if you don't know what your doing.
76561197995394415,Recommended,228280,14134364,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Rogue Pyro,"So, th eupdated engine is cool, but there's actually a lot of new content: NPCs, zones that only unlock with romance options, and a new pit fight campaign.  Worth it for anyone who played the original.  Those who never played the original are in for even more of a treat!"
,Recommended,228280,14217193,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Zeronomus,"One of the greatest RPG's of all time, now remastered and including two expansions, Tales of the Sword Coast and The Black Pits. An excellent game, if not one of the greatest games, ever made. Tons of hours of gameplay and an interesting plot coupled with fun D&D gameplay makes this game worthy of all the praise it has recieved in its nearly 17-year lifetime."
76561197972505338,Recommended,228280,14310153,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,alexchevrier,"Excellent game.  I was disapointed at first when I bought it because of the number of bugs, so I uninstalled the game.  I gave it another try after a big patch was released and the game was much better !Being able to play as any kit from Baldur's Gate 2 gives the game a hole new gameplay.  I already owned Baldur's Gate on the 5 CDs, but bought it again for the new features.  The new NPCs are good, but I didn't keep them after finishing their quests.I was a bit disapointed with Black pit, it's only a small arena repeating fight after fights...  it's not that long and not worth it as a reason to buy the game."
,Recommended,228280,14541238,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Spetz,Classic RPG from the Good Ol' Days. Excelent depth and replayability.
,Recommended,228280,14545790,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joy Lane,"Alright. This review is from someone who never played the original Baldur's Gates.For me, this game was really hard to get into. I kept starting it, spending an hour trying to get the highest roll on my character, and then when I got to the game, the graphics just completely turned me off. I felt like maybe I was just too late and my palate had been tainted by newer games. So about a week ago I decided to force myself to spend a couple hours to give the game a fair shot. I am very pleased with myself that I made that decision.The characters, atmosphere, dialogue trees, and challenging fights really make this game quite enjoyable. Character customization feels limited compared to newer titles like Neverwinter Nights 2 and Dragon Age Origins, but you can see very clearly how this game is the early ancestor of those titles. Despite the limitations of being an older title, Baldur's Gate feels incredibly deep. It's also a lot darker in some ways than most newer rpgs are.I suppose if I'm being objective, I can name a couple criticisms.It seems like your party members sometimes have a hard time going to a spot that you tell them to, especially if you have your whole party selected. For example, one of the party members will randomly decide to take the long way ALL the way around a mountain instead of just going a much shorter distance to his destination. So it kind of forces you to be on your toes and really micromanage your party's individual movements, and not in the ""good"" ""hardcore rpg micromanagement"" kind of way.Actually, that's the only criticism I can think of. I like this game so much I decided to make my avatar Xzar. ""Montaron! I... I never loved you!""Easy 8/10 if taking its age into consideration. Newer or more casual gamers may not be able to get into this game very easily, but you should really give it your best effort!Edit: Seems like a lot of people are complaining about crazy bugs and other problems. Just for the record, I never had a single problem. But just keep those in mind."
76561198050307417,Recommended,228280,14631613,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,marshamsam,Finally completed this having owned it since i was a kid. Very good game.Tactical thinking is important and heroism is usually a bad idea. The charactors are well written and you do begin to warm to your party as you progress.There is a large amount of depth to the combat and also the quests. I dont think I Have even scratched the surface of what this game has to offer.
,Recommended,228280,14810252,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AzureHerbivore,"I was fairly 'meh' about the Enhanced Editions but the 2.0 patch has completely sold me on them. BG has never looked better and the quality of life improvements actually make it enjoyable to play without the whole host of mods I usually install. Beamdog's original content (characters, classes, etc.) is still mediocre IMO but easy enough to ignore.Unless there's a mod that you absolutely have to have the Enhanced Edition is a must have for BG / CRPG fans."
76561198047695451,Recommended,228280,14991359,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hunkoluv,Fantastic game. Curbs DnD needs oh so slightly.
76561198108050598,Recommended,228280,14999073,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,wmrobbins,Classic
76561198017206777,Recommended,228280,15223490,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Cobalt,Great game. Took a long time to understand what was going on. Now I'm min/maxing.
76561198063083341,Recommended,228280,15368985,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,El Profeta,"Go for the eyes Boo, GO FOR THE EYES!! RrraaaAAGHGHH!!!"
76561198074498793,Recommended,228280,15393844,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,theavenger2378,"I've spent more time rerolling my stats in character generation than I have playing the rest of the game, and I'd do it all over again. 10/10."
,Recommended,228280,15471185,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Inn0c3ntGuy,"I LOVE THIS SERIES!  I had the original disks and when I saw this ""enhanced"" tag I knew I had to play it again.  Fun to play for those into old fashioned RPG D&D styled games.  PLENTY of characters and ways you can play the game with graphic updates to match the second version so visually more appealing imho.  Only downside is the DLC characters, specifically Neera.  Kinda like a bad npc mod who spends most of the time complaining and being trying to be sassy that I tried avoiding her on other runs through the game but nice to have EARLY game if you prefer a non evil spellcaster that can cast more damaging spells than Xan and also isn't a babbling psychopath like Xar. Over all a good time and a goofy but fun story with lots to do!"
76561198065156336,Recommended,228280,15722802,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Imperator,All time favorite rpg with new interesting characters and hours of exciting gameplay. What's not to love?
76561198091473058,Recommended,228280,16453124,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,pete0714,"My hours on this game are not correctly represented on this,  as I have played many more.  I am still a noob in so many respects,  and I have failed more than I have succeeded.  But it is one of those games that takes time to master, and worth the time.  Follow the main story, or go off the beaten path.  Be whoever you want to be, but with real consequences for your choices.  Choose your party wisely, and pay attention to their needs.  This is no simple game, and that is a good thing."
,Recommended,228280,16509060,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,But I Hate You All,Great Game!
76561197968796374,Recommended,228280,330745,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Ina,"Just as fun as it was 15 years ago, but with better engine and game breaking bugs fixed."
,Recommended,228280,481806,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,UnKnown Player,The classic returns with high resolution support. Still the great game and story that it always was but now easier to play on newer machines. There is litterally no reason for any RPG fan to not buy this. If you played the original it's not like rose tinted glasses but a direct window back to the glory days. If you didn't then now is the chance to experience one the defining moments of the genre.
,Recommended,228280,2263839,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Qaeta,"Remastered verions of the original. Beamdog has done a fantastic job, fixing numerous bugs (Beregost save bug, I'm looking at you) as well as implementing ton of improvements, such as native wdiescreen, BG2 classes and kits (along with some more such as the Dragon Disciple and Blackguard) with added NPCs and stories as well.Definetely worth the money, particularly if you are a fan of the original. That said, if you are more a fan of the more combat heavy Icewind Dale, take note that this is significantly more open and less directed than even BG2. This can make the game feel slow at times, but I personally enjoy it.."
76561198006917383,Recommended,228280,2408376,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,King Doom,"This made me shed a single tear of nostalgia. Quite brutal and unforgiving by todays standards, but it is considered one of the best RPG series ever made for a reason.(The best is and will always be Planescape:Torment.)"
76561198011518927,Recommended,228280,2714009,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Meiia79,"Its old school, but its fun."
76561198030928506,Recommended,228280,4026967,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Sepdick,"Greetings Mercenaries, I'm Silke, lesbian extraordianaire.Silke cast Lightning.Imoen: Death.Khalid: Death.Jaheira: Death.Silke: Death.FUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!"
,Recommended,228280,4334528,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Handsome Jack,Great remake of a great game
76561198037717668,Recommended,228280,4473543,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Robin,"The world of Faerun (Pronounced ""Fay-Rune"") is a land of fantasy, where Wizards cast their awesome spells, and Clerics call upon their Diety for their spells.  Fighters, Druids, and Thieves do their own things to help the group as well.  Drizz't Do'urden, the Drow Ranger from R. A. Savaltore, and Elminister from Ed Greenwood are some of the more popular characters from the novelization of Faerun.The Time of Troubles brought the Dieties to mortal form because one of the Gods stole an artifact from the Father of Gods: Ao... and because he didn't know who was responsible, he cast all Gods to the mortal plane of Faerun until the return of the artifact.  If they were killed during this time, the killer could take their place.  20 years have passed since then, and the game starts with you at Candlekeep, the ward of the old mage Gorian.With a good story, multiple Recruitable NPC's such as Minsc the Rasheman Berserker (With Boo, the Giant Minature Space Hamster), the pessimist Xan the Sorcerer, or the axe-loving merchant dwarf Kaigan, and lots and lots of spells and magical loot, Baldur's Gate held it's own as the definitive WRPG, and had 5 disks back in the 90's.The Enhanced Edition adds 4 new NPC's, many of the class kits from the 2nd game, and more loot, contains the expansion Tales of the Sword Coast included, and some graphical upgrades.  Just beware of Wyverns, as they tend to crash the game (at least, for me anyways).I will be the last, and you will go first."
,Recommended,228280,4546579,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Cogbro,"Utter nostalgia heaven! Rebuilt using the Baldur's Gate 2 improved engine, including modern resolution support. It's a real treat to return to the game that built a franchise and set the bar for story quality for so many years. Returning veterans will enjoy the game with improved colors and 3 new characters, and newcomers will be pulled into a setting that will absorb days of their lives with its richness. If you've never played Baldur's Gate before, don't miss out. If you played it before, don't miss the chance to treat yourself again. A true masterpiece of storytelling."
76561198040651253,Recommended,228280,4676110,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,okedoke,Damn great classic remade and enhanced.....♥♥♥♥ yeah
76561198047300788,Recommended,228280,5276673,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Herecumsdatknutboi,"Youre playing a legit game of dnd on your computer. the fact that you can co-op an entire party just makes this a no-brainer. If I atempted to hold all this content, I would not be able to hold all this content; and I would proclaim: ""Why can't I hold all this content?"""
76561198047674596,Recommended,228280,5304383,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Korako,get it ♥♥♥♥♥ez.
,Recommended,228280,5347839,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,hitech-,bästa spelet håller fortfarande måttet och visar att det är ett tidslöst mästerverk o/
,Recommended,228280,5649822,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Fiera Fae,"While somewhat true to the original, I've found the game to be somewhat broken in essence at the beginning, one side quest prior to leaving CandleKeep, and other elements missing in detail, also what with the troubles the ones who made this possible having contract troubles with the original game designers 'n such it may be a good idea to hold off on getting this one unless it is just for nostalgic purposes."
,Recommended,228280,6436391,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Lord Harrab,"A Classic DnD adventure that rewards planning and preperation, along with a rich story that has been the benchmark of a lot of other, more modern RPGs. The addition of new chracters adds hours to an already immence game without feeling like padding or diluting what made the orginal great."
,Recommended,228280,742893,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,MrThrope,"Did you like Baldur's Gate back in the day but like me are hesitant to go too far back in time to replay your favourites because you've been spoiled by modern game mechanics and more specifically the controls? Did you never play Baldur's Gate but have heard it referred to by pretty much anybody worth listening to as one of, if not 'the', best RPG games of all time? Have you never even heard of Baldur's Gate until right now?Then this is the game for you. Or more accurately it's the story for you. The game is an entirely secondary experience to this brilliant fantasy story set in the dungeons & dragons Sword Coast realm. And despite my opinion of the gameplay being secondary the gameplay is still brilliant and challenging enough that even if you're an experienced RPG gamer you'll find yourself gritting your teeth in agony of suspense as you wait for the last few combat rounds to resolve themselves knowing you've given it your all and done your best and now you just have to hope it was enough.Anyway. It's great. Get it."
76561198079246920,Recommended,228280,6912041,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,orange lightning,this game is awsome but real old school
,Recommended,228280,7011581,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Cam,"Old but goldThey've added achievements, now I can replay the whole game!"
,Recommended,228280,7187226,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Shintora,Go for the eyes Boo! GO FOR THE EYES! RARHHHH!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,228280,7359947,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,HuffingtonPants,It's broken for a thousand reasons but it's still the best multiplayer rpg and has been for the last 15 years.
,Recommended,228280,7605986,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Occisorx,Err WTF i just lost 6 hours
,Recommended,228280,7810464,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mattspeakswords,"This is the game that made me a PC gamer.It it the genesis of games like Dragon Age: Origins and Mass Effect, RTS party based combat, a story progression which was way ahead of it's time. And all of it based around an DnD framework, you won't get a more authentic dungeon-crawling, world-exploring fantasy experience anywhere.PROTIP: Use your spacebar... a lot."
,Recommended,228280,7854038,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,codeGlaze (5p1k3),"One of my favorite games of all time!I still have the original discs, but the little touches they've added to BGee have definitely made it that much nicer to play. New characters, character kits, all the BG1 content rolled into a single install, bug fixes and the arena ... definitely a good value for people who can still enjoy this style of game. :) Can't wait to get BGII:ee!"
76561198007181655,Recommended,228280,7862771,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Thandir,Ett av dom bästa RPG-spelen som gjorts
,Recommended,228280,7902909,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Redbeard,"I Have recently purchased this on steam, but have been playing it for a while now on my mac.  This remake is FANTASTICALLY redone with even more content than before.  I can't reccomend this enough, as long as you're a fan of rpgs that require a little brainpower and are slightly unforgiving.  Remember to save often; after all, this is based on the older AD&D ruleset and you're bound to get wiped out a few times."
76561197970809924,Recommended,228280,7917859,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dragonklaw,Still has to be one of the best rpg games ever. So much content with lots of different characters to play = a ton of playing time.
,Recommended,228280,7933177,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,scottwang007,A classic that holds up. Wish they'd redo Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor though. 5/5 in my book.
,Recommended,228280,7936539,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,vikke,BG1 without all that widescreen and tutu -modding bs.
76561198026180531,Recommended,228280,7938211,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Soratoris,"Awesome game with many many secrets, it takes you form the humble candlekeep all the way to an epic battle with your sworn enemy to end the game, i see it as more of an intro to the second installment whereas it teaches you how to play and introduces you to low level combat but still its great. The second game is even better i suggest that one even more but i have yet to buy the enhanced edition though."
,Recommended,228280,7952135,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cooked Auto,A pretty good game with a solid story somewhat marred by a somewhat clunky D&D edition system. Still one of the best games made by Bioware-
,Recommended,228280,7967282,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Baron Marios,Simply put: the best RPG ever
76561198046269660,Recommended,228280,8020842,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jwkcloutier,love this game
76561198080537416,Recommended,228280,8038673,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Razimov,"This game never gets old. With the enhanced graphics it's even better! =) Try it, you won't regret it =)"
76561198078688132,Recommended,228280,8069141,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,carl-77,one of the greats must experiance this truly epic game
,Recommended,228280,8110614,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,ShaCaro,"I bought this game on sale a while ago, because I had heard some people talking about it as if it is a superb game.I played the tutorial, and actually regretted buying it. Good thing I actually did start playing the actual game becausewow. I have yet to finish this game but I hope it never ends. The only thing that I rather dislike about the game so far is the quest log. It's rather a mess imo.I bought it for like €3, but I'd definitely buy it for €19 as it's worth it."
,Recommended,228280,8153994,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Baldur's Gate. Why don't they make more games like this any more? It was amazing when it came out, and it is still amazing even today, over a decade later.The enhanced edition, however, isn't all that enhanced. While they could have done so much more with updating the graphics, they didn't. Still, it is Baldur's Gate and I can play it on Windows 7 with a decent screen resolution."
76561197966823241,Recommended,228280,8274808,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,nakazawa,Great Classic!
76561198014137224,Recommended,228280,8306659,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,azmeangreen,"This is definately a piece of GOG (good ol' gaming) at it's best.  The story is a bit cliche and cheesy, but the subtle and tongue in cheek humor is present to help push things along.  In a way this is the grandfather of games like Diablo, Torchlight, Dungeon Siege, etc."
,Recommended,228280,8372495,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[D]Bronze,The mother of all RPG
76561198047088999,Recommended,228280,8491339,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vith Nix,"A great, classic RPG. I would highly recommend this to anyone that loves D&D, story-driven RPGs and adventure/exploration.This game can be quite punishing and is not for the faint of temperament or those that can't stand reading."
76561198019150260,Recommended,228280,8501884,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,shik,"An amazing remake of an amazing game.  Tons of bugs are fixed, and there are some new characters, storylines, items, and quests to acquire, complete, and experience.  Highly recommended for anyone who likes classic real-time-with-pause hardcore RPG action."
76561198010571383,Recommended,228280,8555929,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Beltorn,"While enhanced edition brings a mix of both positive and questionable changes and a small host of bugs of its own, the game is still strong in 2013. A definite should play for all rpg-enthusiasts."
76561198038246164,Recommended,228280,10202415,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,steellynx21,What a remake! I poured so much of my childhood into BG & SOA. With BG : Enhanced Edition you'll get a classic RPG with fantastic replay-ablility.
,Recommended,228280,9376587,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,härjaren,I never even got to Nashkel or the Nashkel Mines as a kid.Now I'm playing the enchanced edition and loving it!Loving the widescreen and other things <3
76561197993512229,Recommended,228280,9493627,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Alek,Old school RPG at it's finest. Highly recommend this and BGII
,Recommended,228280,10226036,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,⎛⎝Greenlung⎠⎞,"Excellent game for it's time, even if it's too easy and level limited."
,Recommended,228280,10381136,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Abstaub-Baer,"The best version of the D&D classic that you can buy. The already stellar base game is packed with the expansion set, ""Tales of the Sword Coast"" and some further new additions like 3 new NPCs with their own side quests and a LOT of minor tweaks and improvements. Its not perfect though, there are still some bugs left and a few quests are broken. BUT if you compare it to the quality of the original code from 1998, the creators of the Enhanced Edition did a remarkable job. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,228280,10600310,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Flonnzilla9,"Love all the additions to the enhancement, and glad to see this game again.  Played it once long ago but never got very far, so I figure now that I'm older I might be able to go the whole way."
76561198010023381,Recommended,228280,10621505,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gman,I'm A Sucker for the Throw Back game i remember when i played this game. it was my very first RPG when i got a Computer it might be old school but the classics never die!!
76561198011621337,Recommended,228280,10708883,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zef Lord,Epic RPG. Defianetly worth the money for d&d fans.
76561198034534575,Recommended,228280,10748149,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Daemian,One of the best RPGs ever! A true classic.
,Recommended,228280,10885883,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crusader,"Baldur's Gate is probably one of my favorite RPG's of all time. It's heavily dated now and its graphics are, even in the upgraded engine, nothing to look at these days. But the combat is fun, the plot sucks you in and there's plenty to see in this Dungeons and Dragons game done right."
,Recommended,228280,10930442,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Promisha,"Need to spend more time with it but it is fantastic. If you like D&D and don't mind learning how to navigate the menus and figure out all the different stats and what not, you will enjoy this. It's surprsingly difficult, this is one of the few games where I've actually turned the difficulty down.Also you can recruit a mentally challenged swordsman and his pet hamster Boo. 5 Stars."
76561197995174930,Recommended,228280,10932221,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,(CORN RIGZ) REFER 2 TORAH,"baldurs gate , forget the rest, time 4 a bit of a ruff n tumble~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"
76561197961272951,Recommended,228280,11054698,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Brian.,"Do you enjoy RPGs, the forgotten realms, and dying over and over again?  Do you oft fondly recall the days of yore, when video gaming didn't hold your hand, and gaming worlds were as brutal as real life?  Do you know what THAC0 means?If you've been answering yes, by golly this game is for you!Baldurs Gate was a game I fondly remembered from my younger years of gaming.  I had never beaten it, and my discs (all 5, yes 5 for an isometric top down RPG) got so scratched from removing them from the stupid cardboard sleeve that I thought I was never going to play again.  But lo and behold, the Enhanced Edition came along to remind me that games used to be hard.  The quicksave button will be your friend, as you should be using it roughly every 2-3 minutes.  Going to enter that house?  Quicksave.  Finish a fight?  Quicksave.  Going to talk to some guy?  Damn right you better quicksave.If you ever played Dungeons and Dragons with the second edition ruleset, you already know what you're getting into, and I shouldn't have to convince you to play this.Bottom line:  This is one of the best PC RPGs ever made, and if you enjoy a good RPG not created to the Japanese style, you owe it to yourself to play this game.  It is difficult, stat heavy, humerous, long, and rewarding.  Combat is a turn based system, with a ""pause to issue commands"" structure.  On screen combat looks real time, because everything happens in the background.  I highly suggest turning on combat rolls, and other combat messages in the options so you know what's actually happening.Oh, and the quicksave button is ""Q"".  Now get out there and kill some Kobolds.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,228280,11055272,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tormund the Tryhard,"Haven't played it that long, but a much better experience than I thought it would be. However, I wouldn't be too keen on playing this by myself. Certaintly fun when you enter random homes, only to have a senile Gandolf the Grey wanna-be blow you up into a thousand itty bitty pieces for no reason other than the day of the week ended in a 'y'. Or walking into the wrong neighborhood, and having basiliks be all mean looking you hard...and consequently killing you via petrification. Fun group experience, but solo isn't for me."
76561198005691289,Recommended,228280,11125052,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,goodkingwtf,Awesome RPG. Horrible racing game.
,Recommended,228280,11170621,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ionTen,"Truly one of, if not the most definitive RPG of its time, the Baldur's Gate series laid the groundwork that every other good RPG built on afterwards."
76561198026609787,Recommended,228280,11173987,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Adamsayzmeep,"This isometric strategy rpg rewards you for creative use of your party's skills while you uncover a secret as to why you are hunted by a powerful dark lord. There are so many quest in this game that I would be suprised if you found them all in your first playthrough.Just as fun as the original, but with an improved UI and bug fixes. It includes the extra characters, and their side stories, as well as the expansion. One of the features I enjoyed the most with the new UI is the color changes between each character. It really makes it clear who is who when you have two people wearing the same armor."
76561198033248918,Recommended,228280,11211566,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,boriswolfgang,"Still one of the absolute best RPGs ever.If you've played Dragon Age Origins, you've played the sucsessor to this game.If you play D&D/Pathfinder and do not own this... You're doing it wrong!"
76561198094957823,Recommended,228280,11274183,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lukasz_19,"Baldur's Gate is one of those classic games that any gamer, especially fans of RPGs, needs to play. I never played the original but the Enhanced Edition looks great and although feels dated at times I find it more enjoyable than many modern games."
76561198118034425,Recommended,228280,11475723,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,samwais,Greatest roleplaying game i have ever played.
76561198027007978,Recommended,228280,11771378,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Zeitgeist,"I played Baldur's Gate when it originally came out and didn't understand much because I didn't know D&D. Why are my characters dying after one hit? Why don't they hit anything? Why are lower armor class numbers better? And so on. So I put it aside after a brief time, disappointed.Fast forward 2 years or so. Shortly before Baldur's Gate II was released, I gave it another try. And it clicked! Although to this day I'm not a fan of their (modified) D&D system, mainly because of the limited ways to develop your character, I discovered that there were a lot of other things to like in this game. The huge (for the time) open world to explore, the many interesting items to find, a competent story and challenging - if sometimes a little random - tactical battles.Of course, I only fell really in love with the series when Baldur's Gate II - and later, Throne of Bhaal - came out but I guess this would be a topic for the Baldur's Gate II review. There are very few RPG series where you can play a character from a nobody to a god over the course of 2,5 games. The sense of power progression in this series is unmatched in my opinion. After initially dislilking Baldur's Gate, I've now played through the game four times and three times through the whole saga (fun fact: My first character was a paladin, maybe that's also a reason why I disliked it at first...).This brings me to the ""Enhanced Edition"" because the fourth playthrough which I finished earlier today was with this remastered version. I'd heard much about the issues with this ""improved"" version but fortunately, I seem to have evaded the worst after playing the patched up version now. I had only some minor issues which didn't interrupt my enjoyment with the game at all. It's nice to play in widescreen in a native resolution. The engine is apparently updated to Baldur's Gate 2 level which means nicer graphical effects, a lot of UI improvements and gameplay conveniences. The two new companion characters, which are DLC content, integrate nicely into the game and are more fleshed out, similar to Baldurs Gate II companions.If you have the time and patience, you can mod the old game to maybe even higher standards than the Enhanced Edition. But if you just want to play without much messing around, I can recommend this version. The Baldur's Gate saga is one of the all time greats and a true classic."
76561197987068528,Recommended,228280,11864258,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[CVGM] Civil,"I absolutely love this game, and wish people would buy it an play with me. It's D&D at its base."
76561198015038211,Recommended,228280,11902311,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Tokikonae Arykas,"This game is beyond nostalgic. Its incredibly immersive, so much in fact that it has forever been ingrained as my favorite RPG and I have even led actual Dungeons and Dragons campaigns with this storyline as a centerpiece. Truly wonderful to see it back and greater than ever!"
,Recommended,228280,11949834,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,tuneslady,awesome
,Recommended,228280,12019401,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DuskyByte,The game that brought RPGs to the map. Now back in HD. If you never played the orginal it is worth giving this epic a chance.
76561198034908969,Recommended,228280,12034878,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Lvl17,"A favourite game from my childhood in a remasterd edit?....10/10, I just love it!"
76561198155195634,Recommended,228280,12181117,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,notinthebeholder,"I truly think there in no other game like this.  BG2 for PC was a bench mark game in RPG games.  It's stories were a little difficult to follow. You always thought there was a little more you should know because of a random scroll, text, tomble, or ""other"" you just finished reading.  That imperfection is less overwelming in this game.  I think it is under appreciated.  I give it 5 out of 5.  Trying to put the mouse away with this game isn't easy!"
76561198003847370,Recommended,228280,12315390,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Divus,"Ah it really is one of the classics loved playing it again.You can't beat the baldurs gate games for story line, but it might not be for those that have never played it before and/or have to have good graphics."
,Recommended,228280,12448542,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Alauz,"Booted up Steam on Linux today with a pleasant surprise, yes finally native support on Linux for the number 1 RPG of the 90s. I'm drawn back into the game once again.It's not about reliving the past, it's about experiencing the benchmark that set the bar for all rpg games that came after. The story, the immersion and the challenge, live, learn, conquer."
76561198093157418,Recommended,228280,13112839,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,flyslicer,"still my favourite game off all time. perfect difficulty curve, memorable characters and stories, gree choice coming out of its ears and most importantly, amazingly fun."
76561198042391333,Recommended,228280,13227299,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,boshie,"Ignore the time played - I spent months of countless summer holidays playing this before Steam was invented. One of the best games ever, and possible THE best RPG ever made. The writing is really good, as is the immersive world. The first game for me that made mages feel really powerful."
,Recommended,228280,13229815,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,titos2k,"So many characters with a decent stories in this game, that you will gonna beg the main quest to not end so fast.Ps.I had some problems with sound (Sound Blaster X-Fi), putting OpenAL dll files from Unreal Tournament 3 fix helped."
,Recommended,228280,13322120,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Aeon Nobushige,"is good rpg, everyone should play yes"
,Recommended,228280,13517380,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Flash // Ivellios,"The difference between classic and enhanced edition is not that big. In fact I couldn't see it. The most important to me was to get the game playable on a new machines and that's the most impressive feature. Yet, I know, that you can always buy classic version available on the new OS at GOG. So it's up to you, if you want an enhanced edition."
76561198025332888,Recommended,228280,13978301,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,oitnily,"My girlfriend used to play Baldur's Gate years ago and so when Beamdog's Enhanced Edition came out we both got really excited. I'd never played it before, so we both got the game and now we play it together with the online multiplayer feature. It's a lot of fun and a great way to connect with each other, and I'm really enjoying having the adventure! It's a great old iso RPG that brings both of us back to our childhoods. Plus it's cool to see the 2nd Edition DnD rules incorporated into a computer game!"
76561198116845456,Recommended,228280,14004418,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,bigcyphlives,"10 Hours in and better than ever on a Surface Pro.  A little pricy considering, but a faithful rendering of a classic."
76561198067154814,Recommended,228280,14304987,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Ironfront,best game
,Recommended,228280,14412017,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lutz,"This game has a steep learning curve, but, if you like Dungeons and Dragons fare there is really nothing better."
76561197999714071,Recommended,228280,14704849,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,clownorgy,LOVED IT
,Recommended,228280,14730787,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,AlkalineDeath,"Fantastic game. Well worth the price of admission, though maybe that's my nostalgia talking."
,Recommended,228280,1032531,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,milsorgen,It was a great game back in the day and it's a great game now. Great title @ sale price.
76561197989114942,Recommended,228280,1201873,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Chefantone,Probably the first RPG I played with an actual indepth story. Loved it back when I played it originally and love it just as much with the enhanced version.
,Recommended,228280,1295140,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Tuxtax,"When my Dad was slightly younger, he had the ""Gold Box"" titles of D&D games, in all of their intrigue. I played them, but I was much too young to understand any of it - while I remember him pulling out journals and reading and drawing maps and all kinds of other things. This game is my ""Gold Box"" -- my golden age of D&D RPGs. Though it has aged, it still carries much of the mystery and sheer bigness that I remember. Now, it is immortalized (hopefully!) so that my children can look back and say, ""Hah, how primitive, and yet how interesting."""
,Recommended,228280,1404209,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Jimmy McAwesome,"It's Baldur's Gate but better, literaly! A classic RPG remade to run on modern computers with no muss or fuss."
,Recommended,228280,2159706,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,SmogTown,"The Baldur's Gate series is the single greatest RPG experience of all time. The only thing better than Baldur's Gate is Baldur's Gate II. I personally have spent over 1000 hours in game, and went an entire 7 days without sleep. Baldur's Gate is an experience like no other. This is a must-have for any RPG fanatic."
76561198006074361,Recommended,228280,2345355,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,DigitalPanduh,"Ohhh, they just don't make them like this anymore ;;"
76561198009556325,Recommended,228280,2580955,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Lord Vader,Sweet Jesus !!!! It's so awesome!!!
,Recommended,228280,3676053,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,[OP] Smoker,Pour tout les amoureux du genre donjon et dragon.
,Recommended,228280,4769366,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,VOID207,Great
47459624578962145,Recommended,228280,4995969,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[A]way,Probably the best D&DRPG ever made.
76561198050478230,Recommended,228280,5479633,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,alkampfer.ezanaze,"Se non lo avete mai provato, non sapete cos'è il GdR su PC!"
,Recommended,228280,5606363,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Fredamabob,"Awesome game, i recommend it if you have a friend or two willing to play. One of, if not, the best RPG games i have ever played. Play this and then pick up the second one, it's even better."
,Recommended,228280,6116903,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,thegreyjester,"Classic RPG! The Enhanced Edition brings over a lot of really awesome stuff from Baldur's Gate 2, such as new class specializations for the Fighter and Druid and other classes, plus adds all new things like new characters to join your party!"
76561198067795167,Recommended,228280,6509243,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,BitmapBrother,My all time favourite game ever! this was my first RPG and it really got me into D&D and RPG's in general.  Yeah its old and the graphics are outdated but it spawned the fantastic Dragon age game.If you like RPG's I cannot reccomend this enough. It's a fantastic game and don't let anyone tell you different.
,Recommended,228280,7303115,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Punished Jake from state farm,"A kind of game that pops up in your head when you hear ""Best game ever"""
,Recommended,228280,7340750,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Piepiak The Smurf,Still one of the best cRPG of all time. It's not hyper 3D HD graphics like nowadays but it was made in times when it looked astonishing and still has its charm. Music is to this day fantastic and very memmorable. It's a nostalgia orgy for every RPG fan :)
,Recommended,228280,7677529,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Cactmoore,"I had never played this until the rerelease, but I always stood by the sequel as the pinnacle of D&D computer gaming. The original (i.e. this one) doesn't disappoint either. The story is compelling, the characters are varied and interesting, and you have a lot of options in terms of your party makeup, which quests to do, how to solve quests, and really how to play the game in general. Plus, you have Minsc and Boo, who are among the most entertaining fantasy characters ever."
,Recommended,228280,7685130,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Joseplh,"As a classic game I have enjoyed the old version for years and with the Enhanced Edition, Baldur's Gate has been improved in both gameplay and performance."
76561198030761310,Recommended,228280,7739811,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dusk Shadow,"a classic reborn, even if it did lose a few cool silly tricks cause of engine upgrade"
76561197976629451,Recommended,228280,7809751,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sr Quake,"Probably one of the best RPGS ever made. This version, with the recent update, corrects al lot of bugs and makes the games even better. New GUI is a welcome addition, making the area of view larger, and making the game more friendly.This game is one of the better ones i ever played. Period"
,Recommended,228280,7817308,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Kabal458,one of the best games ever made
,Recommended,228280,7842412,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,bigcheeseuk,Class!
76561198043435788,Recommended,228280,7864850,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,roxeluze,"Even to this day the story made by Baldur's gate puts most on the market to shame. I wish the developers of these newer games would take a step back, and go to the basics. Learn from what had made the very foundation of what games can truly offer."
76561198033218235,Recommended,228280,7876231,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bubbles,"I've had the original Baldur's Gate since it was first released and since then it's been one of my all time favorite games. I was sceptical about the re-release enhanced edition but decided that since it was on sale I would give it a shot.I was not dissapointed.The new interface, while more technical adds a bit more depth to decision making on equipment.The steam-matchmaking system is incredible compared to the old multi-player, and the higher resolution helps with seeing combat without having the move the screen.Lastly and most importantly it works. Without having to alter windows resolution, bit-colors, or not working simply because it was made for such and older system.10/10 for an amazing rog with a space hamster."
,Recommended,228280,7885580,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,nevangelko,"Baldur's Gate 1, while not as good as the 2nd Shadows of Amn and thone of bhaal, is a great title.I played the original version ages ago and while it had its flaws was a great experience.This version now only fixes the flaws but made several improvements and even added extra stuff to boot.And seriously, who need full 3D worlds, the art style of these games for the background and characters are like playing a beautiful classic painting and fuels your imagination of how it must look like from your characters perspective."
,Recommended,228280,7885632,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sephoxx,"If you're looking for a true RPG, this is it. It is a masterpiece, but it's not for everybody. IT IS HARD, but with the right strategy you can beat anything :)"
,Recommended,228280,7933345,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,stardrifter2005,BUY ALL OF THIS GAME.  THEN NEVER PLAY IT LIKE I DON'T.
76561198091327377,Recommended,228280,7953158,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,notarm,"Hello.I started a game with 1 elf warrior. I chosed 2 weapon style and long sword. Near end of the game my warrior have lower number of attacks, and higher THAC0 as earlyer levels.  The only diferent is the two weapon style. I added a new point on it. I takened from proficiences +2 THAC0. Earlier this give me -1. The question is, how can i repair it, or what is it wrong.Many thanks."
76561198077329942,Recommended,228280,8048904,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Guy on Shark,Very cool Very coolP.S. don't kill the talking chicken he is your friend
76561198062642610,Recommended,228280,8055819,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,nickarvanit,"It is very rewarding, fun and almost identical gameplay to the Dungeons and dragons's respective edition.It is a mindcracker in some points with very devious traps and ambushes and it offers a very satisfying roleplaying aspect and atmosphere, needless to say Im buying the second one too."
,Recommended,228280,8497000,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lewkycharmes,If you are looking for that feel of excitement like you did back when you first played this game then you should man up and go beast mode on it again.. GO FOR THEY EYES BOOO!!!
76561198003340520,Recommended,228280,8498101,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NoneSmith,"This classic is still fun, and after enjoying the story once more I can see why it was such an influence for so many people. For me this was one of those originals that made me the gaming geek that I am today. I rank this up there with greats like Fallout and Masters of Orion."
,Recommended,228280,8510114,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bobthecoll,"This game is the holy grail for RPG games.. This game is straight up ADAD 2nd Edition,Everthing about it is D and D from classes to monsters.i should also note that if you don't like reading this game is not for you,it is an old game so their is no voices reading the texts so you have to read it to actually  to know what you need to do in the game. If you have never played D and D the games monsters are going to surprise you on what they do and all the magic items and spells you won't know what they do unless you have actually played D and D. this game is really fun to play and i strongly recomend it to big RPG or D and D fans."
,Recommended,228280,11097306,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,nowherenow,"Still my favorite game of all time. (If you are really wanting back story about this game, check out the Forgotten Realms: Avatar Trilogy books.)"
76561198054331668,Recommended,228280,11123788,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Darren,I am only about 6.5 hours in but so far it has stood the test of time well: it is just as fun now as it was the first time I played. There is a lot of strategy to this party-based action rpg and the implementation of doling out orders to party members during battle is very smooth. Encounters are frequently difficult and you must strategize appropriately to be victorious.This is definitely among my favorite games.
76561197995220560,Recommended,228280,11215843,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,NJB2k,"Any fan of RPG's, D&D or Forgotten Realms really should play this. It may not be the best graphically anymore but the storyline is still there and with the enhanced edition there are a lot more options. It took me nearly 50 hours of gaming to max out the experience of my party members and I still had quests left over. If you have played the game the first time round this is a great piece of nostalgia and the added NPC's and areas are just as interesting as the originals. If you already own the original I would suggest downloading TUTU rather than buying this version but I got it on sale and feel the added content made it a worthwhile purchase."
,Recommended,228280,11254018,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MrSlackPants,"Baldur's Gate, I love you and you must know you started my love for RPG's.But really, for me, this is one of the best RPG's ever made and It's on my all time favorite list. Great RPG, cool world to explore, little humor here and there and the story is interesting. Though I must say that the story in BG2 is bigger and darker and BG1 scratches only the surface of the back story of your character.But in any case, if you like RPG's and you can see past the dated graphics, you'll have hours and hours of RPG goodness."
,Recommended,228280,11419333,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Edwin,Baldur's Gate is fantastic. It's much nicer to play it in HD resolution without having to swap the 5 or so CDs between areas.If you have played the original then expect dramatic differences in this version.One negative point I found was Kagain's quest is STILL UNFINISHED in this version. It would have been nice if the developers had decided to write a quest for him as this is the Enhanced Edition after all.
,Recommended,228280,11578723,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Ramona Andersen,"just like how I remember it, but for all people new to the game......THIS GAME DOES NOT HOLD YOUR HAND AT ALL, you will probably dislike it starting out but when you finally get used to it, you will LOVE the story and how easily the game will immerse you.....it still takes me a couple tries to get stuff right (this is one of those games you can't research because the information is few and far between, I am playing a monk in BG1 despite being told it's ""too weak"" but honestly it feels closest to how the original game played!)"
76561198005842751,Recommended,228280,11939287,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dillybadger,I played this game for 2 years almost. it is one of the best fantasy games of all time.
,Recommended,228280,12192158,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Casu Consulto,"This game is great. An epic, well-told story, great companions, an open-world style. If you haven't played this, you must."
76561197985058328,Recommended,228280,12245301,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ShinsFortress,"A lot of what I enjoy in this game is nostalgia driven, true.  But it is still a good game and works well on lower performance machines.  I think the ""EE"" could have done more for the money, but when this was on sale it was a bargain at that price.  Adventure and story still cut the mustard, rather than no longer the slickest graphics.  I look forward to all the other games from this era having their EE versions, especially Planescape: Torment.Note for newer/younger gamers: at Normal or higher difficulty the game's combat is not very forgiving, play with care and attention.  This is a CRPG not an (C)ARPG."
76561197970382056,Recommended,228280,12300320,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ganjan,"The classic lives again. About 15 years after my first Baldur's Gate Experience on the PC (which was quite horrible, Shank and Carvos killed me like 20 times) i got to get back in on the Story and it was as captivating as ever. Maybe even more, because i now omitted the crazy german localization and got to experience everything. The character creation offers more options now, there are some well-writte new recruitable NPCs, so if you're in for a bit of nostalgia and solid RPG-Experience, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,228280,12439025,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Wind Brahmin,"If I had to choose one game as the pinnacle of CRPGs and dungeon crawlers, this would be it. Deep character customization, deeper story. It is very hard to not find something to do in this game. Don't want  to do the story just yet? That's cool, there's plenty of other quests to be done. Want to explore for awesome loot and dungeons? There's plenty of that too. The NPCs are excellent as well, as they want to do what they want, even if that means ditching you in moments where you need it most. This sounds tedious, but if a member leaves, chances are they were not suited for your party any ways.Great graphics (for its time), great animations, humorous, story-rich, plenty to do, lots to explore, and just all around fun. 10/10"
76561198022631360,Recommended,228280,12922608,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Znailmonkey,I have played Baldur's gate since i was a little kid. I highly recommend this game for every single RPG fans out there. The multiplayer is a bit wonky at times but single player is usually the best experience for players in my opinion.
,Recommended,228280,13198245,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Atomik,"Since this is baldur's gate and most people have already played it I will skip the review of the actual game if it was new which its not, instead I will focus on what this game brings and its changes that I noticed in my playthrough.When I started BG:EE I first noticed that the text is really crisp on the menu but looks out of place for some reason like the borders around text for the buttons are too large but whatever.  I really like how you can zoom in and out and I like how you can play kits without mods in this version.  I played as a Kensai in my playthrough which is a fighter kit that is focused on raw damage and it was really fun and seemed like a totally different game sometimes.Pros:-More quests-More characters-Native support for HD resolutions-Zoom-BG2 kits and classes along with new ones-Many cutscenes are better-Removed or shortened pointless cutscenes (I think)/allows you to skip them tooCons:-Costs more than original game-I didn't like the multicoloured character circles-Some cutscenes that were Important were shortened or worsened, more on this later-Some of the menu graphics were odd-The chat box would keep enlarging itself without going back-New voices mostly are unfitting, more on thisOverall this was worth the money to me but for many it wont be because they dont mind dealing with the mods and lowere resolution.  The cutscenes experience is weird, for the most part I like it but some of them like the intro and end cutscenes left much to be desired.  The intro on the old game was already good enough, if they wanted it with better graphics they could have atleast did a better job on it especially if its supposed to tell part of the main story.  The end cutscene was even worse, without spoiling it basically even though I know how the end goes I could definatly imagine people getting even more confused than the original because the animation is so bad in the new one. About the voices, they are high quality and have poor voice acting so when you hear your new party member talk immediately before talking to an old NPC you can hear the obvious quality differences.  Also that new wild mage annoys me."
,Recommended,228280,13208729,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wakisashi,"Baldur's Gate: EE is a great game. Easily one of the top 3 RPG's I've ever played.  If you are into RPGs D&D you probably have already played it.However, for those that are unfamiliar, there is immense detail put into the story and world in this game--the Baldur's Gate series has one of the best stories. The enemies and fights can be challenging--mind racking sometimes--while you figure out what works and what doesn't. Who to deal with right away, and who is less threatening to your party. Save often.Test things out, what do spells do. Sometimes, I'd come across a spell that would have been really beneficial had I known about it earlier--or potions for the matter. I hoard mostly in these games, but learning how to effectively use what you're finding or buying can really sway a battle in your favor. Some battles become very easy, once you have a good strategy, appropriate gear and spells to cast.Also, pre-read some tips about the new features, because they make the game a lot easier to play--quick loot. I played the 2nd in the series first, and I still had much enjoyment coming to the first 10+ years after. If you play them in order, you can import your character across games.Some may find it slow--your characters move slow. There can be a lot of reading, equipment management, exploring, adventuring, etc. This game is about planning and executing strategies through a well written world. Deciding who to help--quests--and what to skip. Warning a party mixed with evil and good aligned party members lead to disagreements. So it may be difficult to see the entire game, or every quest, first play through.If you enjoy the game you've easily 50-100+ hours of gameplay to immerse yourself into, though there is a level cap--to keep you from power leveling and steam rolling the near end. The Black Pits expansion seems interesting, an arena challenge, 15 or so fights to test your skills in battle. Played it briefly, though honestly, I bought this for the main story and game.Great game!"
,Recommended,228280,13245684,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,WalterCool,"It's available finally on Linux, it's a great game, I played this game on past and still being one of the best RPG games."
,Recommended,228280,13397707,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Solikos,A classic with incredible depth.
76561198133925259,Recommended,228280,13430198,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MorbidBee,"I made my character a two-handed sword weilding half orc made with gibbing as many enemies as possible in mind, nicknamed him Kimmy Gibbler, and went to work on reducing the entirety of the Sword Coast to a pile of bloody giblets.You must gather your party before venturing forth/10, would definitely reccomend."
76561197969023838,Recommended,228280,13515070,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Grimaukin,"BG1 in the BG2 engine is nice enough, but it has some additional improvements as well. New NPCs are cool. New kits are interesting. Well done."
76561197990166918,Recommended,228280,13530256,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bob,Best game ever
76561198078028703,Recommended,228280,13537491,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CARRY-PERRY,"I always wanted to play that game in my childhood, but there was always a problem-English language. Now I start to play it, read every dialog and... this is AMAZING game. Whole world is alive, everyone is good or bad, alot of quests, items, enemys AND DIFFERENT WAYS OF GAMEPLAY."
76561198001997372,Recommended,228280,13670058,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,d3nver,"I had this game back in 1998 when it was originally released but never finished it then. Now 16 years later and with BGEE I am well beoynd 40hrs in game time and I have enjoyed every moment, looking forward to finish BG at last. BG II EE is already on my shopping list."
,Recommended,228280,13723695,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Elkirian,Esto es una maravilla~
76561198062941062,Recommended,228280,13850549,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Starsider Sajun,"I know I'm quite a few years late to the party, but I just wasn't into this style of gameplay as a kid. It took many years and quite a few people to get me hooked on the dnd system so that I could eventually get to the point of being able to appreciate games such as this. Even in 2015, Baldur's Gate plays surprisingly well. I've never tried the original version to compare it to, but the enhanced edition has no issues whatsoever, and doesn't feel too dated in any way other than the 2nd edition dnd system in place.Arguably the best part about the game is the new character additions. Neera, the Wild Mage, in particular makes the game a lot more enjoyable to play, especially for those who are hooked on the excellent Dragon Age but want to revisit the past. If she weren't written so well she might have seemed like a superfluous add-on, yet she is a delightful character and until I was made aware that she was a new addition to the enhanced version I simply thought she was one of the original cast and was just more developed than the others. Therein lies the enhanced edition's one potential problem. Neera does have a lot more dialogue with the main character than the others seem to, thus she stands out in comparison and makes the original characters seem wooden.If you've been toying with the idea of playing Baldur's Gate for years, as I have, then now is the time to play it, and the enhanced edition is absolutely the way to go."
76561198040710188,Recommended,228280,13978476,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,CartmanTuttle,"This is still a hit, even more so with all the new additions. I kept playing the original since I was introduced to it when I was a kid. When I heard this game came out, I was so overjoyed. I had so many expectations, and this game went above and beyond said expectations. The original was always close to my heart, and this one will make that feeling last for a long time."
,Recommended,228280,14188103,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,1tshammert1me,I'd recommend this to the fans of CRPG's. If you ever played the Icewind Dale Series but somehow not this you are guaranteed to enjoy it.
,Recommended,228280,14203668,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SuperBestFantasy,"Get ready for some serious RPGing. It's intimidating at first but the game will eventually grow on you. Beware action heroes this is a real-time point and click RPG, not a sword swinging, spell slinging killing game. Take this review from the perspective of a non DND player.General information-Strong association to character, class and story (Alignments, Class restrictive to alignments, Characters take note of story events and alignments)Combat takes place with unseen dice rolls for hitting and damaging targets. Magic once used has charges (depending on the type of mage/wizard)Every class seems to be resourceful and well thought out with a serious amount of balance for the first time player. (Thieves are extremely useful, as are mages/wizards. Detecting traps and uncovering magical items are what these classes can be used for)5 NPCs can be used in a party. (It's recommeded to actually have a party, this game isn't a cake walk without one. Alternatively 5 players can also be used if you can ever get a game going)Items and spells are locked to class restrictions so planning is a character is a useful way to succeed in your adventures!Careful planning before encounters are advised when going into unknown territory (Unlike some games where running through the front door would be the norm)Sleeping in game is a option for recovery of spells and healing.Banter between player character/other characters is a welcome breeze for character delevopment and story telling. (I know it's a bioware game, shut up lol. This is normal I get it.)IMMERSION. Try to become the character if you will :3.Auto-saving frequently will save your keyboard from a Dark Souls/Skyrim wrath-like reaction.When characters in your party die they can be resurrected but will drop all items on the floor where they died.Positives and Negatives-+Some voiced lines but mostly text.+Played with the pause feature actually being a critical part of play.+The class system is what you would expect from a DND experience, maybe lack luster (Unmodded/hasn't played DND)+A strong focus on story telling. Although the second is where it get's beefy.+Extremely strong character roster, much better in the sequel but still worth a buy.+Not too flashy. Most games have extremely flashy fights and what not to make the game appear more dramatic than it is. This game just hits it right in the dot for me. It's more of a + than a negative really.-Poor multiplayer, what else needs to be said? I had a bad time connecting to people and keeping it stable. Probably just me but who knows.-While it has strong story telling the story is lacking in this edition, buy the second one and with mods you can play this version on the second BG2.-Old style graphics. Think like Rune Scape/Helbreath/Diablo 2/ Etc-Ran on my PC but might not for others, friends have told me concerns of the game being unable to run correctly, their spec's vary.TL:DR - DND simulator with a top down perspective and real time combat (With pause feature). Interesting story and characters. 7/10 a good buy if its your first game in the series, wait for a sale don't buy the game for $20, see GIFhttp://i.imgur.com/uBqtwws.gif"
,Recommended,228280,14266274,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tally,"Amazing classic RPG remade to be somewhat more approachable. Yes, 2e is outdated and overly punishing, but there's a level of charm to BG:EE that you don't see in many other modern games."
76561198020129019,Recommended,228280,14413125,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Foxy Utters,Began with a friend of mine and then half way through our first quest we forgot what we were even doing. Found some trees and what looked like a npc. Our quest ended in a pub... our characters remain in that pub to this day...
,Recommended,228280,14468148,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,watashi wa joshy wa,Nostalgia wave inbound.
,Recommended,228280,15021713,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Big man Little Pants,"Wanna relive your childhood in a ""Enhanced Edition""? Then play this game you ♥♥♥♥ing nerd."
76561198080273587,Recommended,228280,15043017,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,usmcrchris,Great redo on an old favorite.
76561198011156095,Recommended,228280,15132004,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,silver,top rate u must have !!!!!
,Recommended,228280,15410183,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Radioactive Panic,"I've never played the original Baldur's Gate and I don't know anything about D&D mechanics so I'm basically a newcomer to the series.PROS:+ Lengthy main questline+ Awesome branching dialog options+ Different character classes+ Plenty of companions to recruit/choose fromI personally haven't found any cons but I feel like I should bring up a few things to consider:- Somewhat dated graphics (despite the graphical enhancements)- Slow-paced gameplay- Learning curve - The mechanics of the game takes a while to get used to if, like me, you haven't played a lot or have never played older CRPG titles.All in all a great game and I definitely recommend that you give it a try if you love the RPG genre. Can't wait to play the second one!"
,Recommended,228280,15437567,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,vsK,10++ !
76561198028022705,Recommended,228280,15455992,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Denali,"This is the definitive single player rpg experience for which all others are mostly based.  Granted, there were plenty before and after but for the first time, a company captured the Dungeons and Dragons experience in a game that was incredibly smooth and polished.  What a great time we live in when we can go back and enjoy the old classics enhanced for our new computers."
76561197997248214,Recommended,228280,1740416,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Lozmeister,"Arguably the best D&D game ever made. It would make the top 10 RPGs of all time without any doubt.The Enhanced Edition has some nice extras over the original, so if you don't mind the cost, play this version (although I do miss the awesome old intro/cut scenes - these new ones are rubbish in comparison).9/10"
,Recommended,228280,2236674,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,GloBoy,GREAT game . I love it .
76561198007096425,Recommended,228280,2421756,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,sciencedude,Classic!
,Recommended,228280,3107352,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,EwwaBean,A classic! And all shiny :)
76561198039436292,Recommended,228280,4588060,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Navi Vopila,"Балдурс Гейт купил я недавно. Масс Эффект, ты кто такой? Давай досвиданья!"
,Recommended,228280,5033838,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Captain Pronin,This was the second PC game I remember playing as a kid (after Diablo) and it still stands up today. Completely unforgiving and what an RPG should be.
76561198045102084,Recommended,228280,5106016,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Montefire aka Hatham,Great old school game ! pretty challenging too :)
76561198046127383,Recommended,228280,5186956,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,BledenMark,Best
,Recommended,228280,6830307,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,matt,old is gold
76561198084509839,Recommended,228280,7060833,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Rebel_Doge,Once you look past the bugs this game is a definite must own for any rpg/tactical fans out there who love the DnD universe.
76561197976259471,Recommended,228280,7302340,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,AZSLIMJIM,"its not very HD or anything, but its still a really fun game and it has a lot of improvements over the original. And its on sale for $5!"
76561197964796676,Recommended,228280,7425633,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Viper90xt,BEST RPG EVER!!!! now you can actually play on windows above 98
,Recommended,228280,7756044,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Warondar,"I was more than happy to pay for the Enhanced Edition of Baldur's Gate being that this is one of my all-time favorite games and series.  It's easily a classic and a must have for any serious Dungeon and Dragons fan.Is it everything I would of expected in an Enhanced Edition?  I'd have to honestly say no, but these shortcomings are not enough for me to gripe on them.So, in my opinion, this is an easy 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,228280,7791060,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Toni-Technaclaw,Nostalgic is the Only Word that Comes to mind. I do have an Issue that i Couldn't use my OLD Baldur's Gate Save file I Kept from a Long time ago. also the Game actually is Slow in the cutscenes (And I Can Play Skyrim in HD with no Slowdown on my Comp). Also The old Cheat system seems to have Been Broken. so Any hopes of hacking it like Old School is null. Thats a Mixed bag for me.
,Recommended,228280,7814374,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SkeeSilentT,Excellent re-mastering with higher resolution compatibility. The game also features 3 new characters the likes of whose design is superior to the already excellent array of voice acting personalities in this game. Multiplayer has been perfected and the next game in this series' multiplayer experience make both of these games must-haves in my book. 10/10 for any true fans of the original games.
76561198007261825,Recommended,228280,7815511,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,StainlessSteelRat,Excellent Old School D n D. This was it in RPG gaming in its day and still has much playability.
76561198052397477,Recommended,228280,7817090,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nuno,One of the greats when it comes to RPG's. Don't miss out on this one!
76561198116100730,Recommended,228280,7825638,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,rustythorn,"it goes on sale then gets even cheaper two days later, that will sure make the folks happy that bought it recently :p"
76561198005210047,Recommended,228280,7847091,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Angelus ๖ۣۜẸẠỤҚ,One of the best games ever made
,Recommended,228280,7880057,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,ephemeriis,"A truly faithful adaptation of the old classic...BG:EE is exactly what I played over a decade ago, but shined-up a bit for modern hardware.In addition to the classic Baldur's Gate, BG:EE includes Tales of the Sword Coast as well as some additional NPCs, character portraits, and voices.  Nothing Earth-shattering, but it adds a hint of novelty to an old classic.BG:EE is also running on an updated engine with a couple nice new features, like the ability to highlight interact-able items.Of course, it is still the same old game...  Which may turn off some modern gamers.  The graphics aren't terribly impressive.  Combat is a little on the slow and stilted side.  The AD&D 2nd Edition rules are feeling a little old and stiff.  And there's precious little in the way of quest guidance.Still - if you enjoyed Baldur's Gate the first time around, you're sure to enjoy BG:EE."
76561198033824511,Recommended,228280,7945357,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,jamincash,"One of the most addicting games I have ever played. With an immersive storyline, many well written characters, and a solid combat system based off of the time tested DnD ruleset, you get a game that has a high replayability value. I would highly recommend this game to anyone - Whether a fan of rpg's or completely new to the world."
,Recommended,228280,8041272,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Drako,Classic RPG gaming.. great old shcool visuals.
76561198104675006,Recommended,228280,8049613,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Tristam1221,Great game from my childhood. Id recommend picking up the sequel as well. Can get old but its worth a playthrough. Major replay value.
,Recommended,228280,8085484,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,brunomaximuss,muito bom.....RPG de dados de tabuleiro!
,Recommended,228280,8128935,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Epic_Fail,"This game worked the first time I ran it and I haven't run it in a while, but now it won't even start, even though I click play a second time and it tells me that it is already running. Already tried verifying game cache and reinstalling. Do not know why it is not working."
76561198052322193,Recommended,228280,8152668,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,bericbenemein,Still one of the best games I've played
76561197996160893,Recommended,228280,8524328,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Xreyne,"Baldur's Gate and BG2 are awsome.  Baldur's gate + new char's + new missions + new areas + new resolution = stop reading this and buy it.Baldur gate had a very strong story that kept you pushing to find out the truth.  There are many twist in the story that makes you believe that you know what is going and who is responsible.  Then boom, you are poorly mistaken.  Baldur's gate's story is able to keep you hooked because of this.Gameplay has always been fun and challenging.  Because of limited resources, wheter spell count, ammo, or broken weapons; this game makes you think (hit the space bar and plan) and then react based on your assets.  Did you spam all your spells?? Bad move, that was just the first fight in this dungeon!! You just brought 2 quivers of bolts/arrows?  Silly Silly man.Basically, if you enjoy playing  a games that makes you use your brain;  you will be happy.  You enjoy FPS where all you do is dash and shotgun people, then this isn't for you."
,Recommended,228280,8599090,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Slav Knight Gael,"Its like Bad Rats, but better."
76561198020849444,Recommended,228280,8646288,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sir Redentor,"Out of the two I always believed Baldur's Gate 1 had more replay value than BG2, by grace of the fact that their were more areas to explore and a few more characters to get in your party. But BG2 SOA always outdid its older brother with its better graphics, cooler abilities and classes. Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition is a leveler. It brings the two great titles together as one. No longer the mismatched due of old brother and young brother. Now they are mature, sensible and funny twins that band together in unison to catch the spotlight. I have not enjoyed myself this much playing a video game since TES: Skyrim. Well do Beamdog, well done."
76561198067154070,Recommended,228280,8917074,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sylaurto,What can I say about this game other then wow. It is the rpg game that defined the genre.
76561198057771588,Recommended,228280,9129154,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SF Thickness,Any RPG lover should have this game
,Recommended,228280,9143934,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Greyhawk4x4,"Awesome classic game. Many, many hours clocked on the original and now I am plying through this enhanced edition. This game really captures the feeling of 2nd edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons."
76561198033156135,Recommended,228280,9182409,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Miro Laaksonen,You should get this pretty much just because Neera is awesome
76561198089861498,Recommended,228280,9265004,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Somon,There just is *no* excuse for not having played this game at least once in your life :D
76561198007140858,Recommended,228280,9298062,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Fallout,What a hit of nostalgia (now with less bugs :-D) !!
76561197995093688,Recommended,228280,10912209,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tommerdal,"If you like RPG games, you'll like this one"
,Recommended,228280,10922410,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hecktik,One of the best RPG's Hands down
,Recommended,228280,10958586,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,crumbsy,"It's me, Imoen!  Aside from hearing that fifty million times...still one of the best games ever.  If you haven't played it yet, you absolutely must."
76561198136783560,Recommended,228280,11012244,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,R.U.S.T.,ok bought this.tried it once and it worked fine.now it wont even boot up what the hell. help anyone?
76561198052216177,Recommended,228280,11156433,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ctree,Of all time.
76561198050054182,Recommended,228280,11210889,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BlackMaskedEvil,"Having played the original thoroughly, I highly endorse the enhanced edition.  Improved graphics, interesting additional NPC's, and an updated menu interface shine in particular.Cons: ""You must gather your party before venturing forth.""  Yeah.  I know.  Waitin' on you pathfinding AI. . ."
,Recommended,228280,11233025,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DrowLich,A must have!
76561198058514724,Recommended,228280,11305377,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Discowuerfel,You must gather your party before venturing forth.
76561198086031604,Recommended,228280,11326846,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Rhelna,"The enhanced edition of Baldur's Gate introduces some new characers, new quests, better graphics, extra classes and improved the inventory screen drastically, adding to an already outstanding game.The new characters involved bring some new, inruiging, and exciting personalities to the game, and I myself would buy the game just for them alone.There are slight bugs here and there (Less buggy, however, than BG2:EE), but they aren't overly common and can be worked around.I definitely reccommend getting the enhanced edition of Baldur's Gate."
,Recommended,228280,11438908,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,King Targaryen,"With this game, you get out of it what you put in. Simply put, it's very time consuming and difficult. However the reward for exerting the effort to complete the game greatly outweighs the amount of hours you dump into it.This is one of the greatest games that I have ever played, and not because of the graphics, voice-overs, or emaculate cut-scenes... because BG doesn't deliver in those departments. The game was made in 1998, so take that into perspective. The game was way ahead of it's time, and to go back and play it in 2014 really reminds us of how ""advanced"" of a game it really was."
,Recommended,228280,11574644,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,whythrowstuff,Good O'le Nostalgia!
,Recommended,228280,11633013,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,AskzXIII,For teh xp. But it's a good game.
76561197970426561,Recommended,228280,11785675,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Twelvepak,One of my favorite RPG's of all time.  This one is old school style.
,Recommended,228280,11945506,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,c0cidius,"One of the granddaddies of the RPG world, without this sucker there'd be no Mass Effect, no Dragon Age, no KoTOR, so on and so forth.Lose yourself in hours of gaming, with a hefty story, what seems like millions of side quests, and interesting/hilarious characters that you're bound to fall in love with or end up hating.If you enjoy your over-the-top, or in general, RPG's then I can't recommend this game enough. Love it."
,Recommended,228280,11987458,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sutherland_thomas,"This game is awesome and I do play it on my PC. However, for some reason it also shows up on my MAC as an installable game, though this gameis strictly limited to PC. Unusual."
76561197995256078,Recommended,228280,12105619,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DMalenfant,"I have some mixed feelings about this game. It can be a fun game, keeps you on edge. The game play can also get borring/ monotonous at times, half of the characters are annoying when they speak, and sometimes battles are won depending on who is lucky. You really have to read through stats of your player options and NPCs to know what is the best arrangement for them. One thing I did not like about this game is that it really does not train you on how to upgrade your wizard/ mage. It does have a tutorial but I just felt it didn't really teach the basics.- If you are someone who does not mind taking the time to read, this game can be fun.- your battles are based on your chances/ experince of your character.- There is more time put into thinking and reading than actual playing."
76561198058739260,Recommended,228280,12175671,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,EleCtRicJeSUs,"This game is fantastic.   I wish they make more in this style, focusing more on story and interaction than graphics like they do in most games.    Or at least make this type of game into an open world with ongoing content and a unique style of MMO.  would be much better than Neverwinter for sure."
,Recommended,228280,12202291,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Theraven871,"Originally, this game was supposed to be completely overhauled.  What we got in the end, was simply a version that could run in higher resolutions and was stable on newer PCs.  As disappointed as I am that the game wasn't completely overhauled, playing through this game reminds me of just how much attention and passion was put into it.  It was a beautiful game when it was first released.  The Baldurs Gate series is simply a MUST PLAY for any RPG."
76561198013260518,Recommended,228280,12207705,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheWeirdestGmr,"Amazing game!! Totally scratches the role-playing ich when no group to play with can be found.  Functions under the D&D 3.5 rules.  If you have played the original version this is all of that with some awesome additional quests and content.  Cannot play this enough, just like when I was a kid."
,Recommended,228280,13232755,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hammerheart,"Anyone a fan of fallout 1 and 2 will enjoy this game greatly, i know i do."
,Recommended,228280,13551632,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ThirdWizard,"Like this game even needs another positive review to get people to buy it.This is Baulder's Gate. I remember playing this waaay back when it was first released. You get to control a D&D party as they go on adventure, interact with NPCs, and reveal a pretty cool plot. It's just a ton of fun, and hours and hours of entertainment. I mean HOURS. I've barely scratched the surface of the enhanced edition, but so far it is just as good as I remember, so it wasn't just good because of nostalgia. It was good because its a freaking awesome game."
76561198146096410,Recommended,228280,13574699,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Makak the Monkey,you can play first Baldur´s Gate with second BG´s classes.... nuff said !!
76561198006615255,Recommended,228280,13710073,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fidasaind,"Baldur's Gate 2 is one of my favorite RPGs of all time. But I never played BG1. I feel that 1's characters were not quite as memorable, I prefered the areas of 2 more, and Irenicus is among my favorite villains to this day. That said BG:EE is a great game. I've spent most of my time playing the Android version since I tend to like CRPGs more when I'm traveling nowadays.  And other than some mobile specific issues, the Enhanced Edition works well enough that I'd happily recommend this game to fans of older turn based tactical style RPGs.If you enjoyed recent titles like Divinity Original Sin or Wasteland 2, keep in mind how many absolute classics there used to be. This genre was huge in the 90s and is coming back. I have spent time with 3 of the Enhanced Edition games so far and I've enjoyed them all so far. If you played the original versions to the point of not feeling the need to go back, the EE does not add much (other than multiplayer functionality) but I find that not having to mod the older GoG version on modern systems is worth the extra cost.Players that want to save a bit of money, the older versions of all Enhanced Edition games can work on modern systems but require a little extra leg work. Or just catch these games on sale."
,Recommended,228280,13756168,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CroMags (ROTTENEST BASTARD),Rad as always.
76561198152079340,Recommended,228280,13801480,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kseib263,not sure if its my laptop (probably is) or the program.. characters move extremly slow and movies don't play. I have plently of space and ram. Need to be able to adjust the graphics for the game more then what we can..
,Recommended,228280,13948920,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tybolt,I guess it's a good game. I'm still rolling for good stats on my player character.
76561198012022844,Recommended,228280,14003281,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mavairo,"The Enhanced Edition is a must have for anyone that's a fan of Baldurs gate, or high quality rpgs in general.There's alot more subtle touches, and nuances in this subtle title, than most modern games. For example, actual weather effects, along with persistent day night cycles. To the little easter eggs, you find just clicking on random grave stones.The art style fits the game well. The gameplay is rock solid.The story elements are very well done, and are fairly deep. There's everything from drama to comedic relief.For any fan of RPGs, this game is highly recommended.For anyone new to RPGs I doubly recommend it.For any D&D player who still some how hasn't played it? What are you doing? GET IT NOW.For anyone that enjoys great story telling get this game.The game is based rougly on Second Edition D&D. It still holds up well today. Far better than games like Cryptic's sorry attempt at Neverwinter.System side note:Humans can Dual Class, which is essentially multiclassing but you can never pick up your old class to continue leveling in it once you start a new one. So keep that in mind when you're making your character. make sure you get everything you want or need out of your first class before moving on.Also you might want to spend a while rolling up your stats. That way you will have a functional character. Ideally you should have at least 1 18, and your lowest otherwise should be a 10."
,Recommended,228280,14274754,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Vitalsine,"Fought Wyvern. Died.10/10Edit:Finished the game. Boy was that awesome. I beat all of the ToTSC expansion and did a decent amount of side quests, no normal difficulty in 60 hours. Could have kept myself busy for a while longer with sidequests and Black Pits but I am ready to move onto BG2. As a kid I wanted to love this game but the reading and D&D system was too much for me. Very happy that I was able to pick this back up 15 years later and finally complete it. Still have my old BG collectors edition. Big map and everything. Very nostalgic. Cant wait to undertake the rest of the Beamdog games. Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,228280,14311063,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Childofrock,"A classic that put Bioware on the map. It is in depth, challenging, rewarding, charming, and most of all it's DND. Modern players most likely won't like the learning curve or the slow pace unless they already have some tabletop experience. The best way to think of this game is a ""simulated DND session where the PC is your DM."" (Dungeon Master for those unfamiliar with the term.)Play IF:You like rich storyYou like table top games (DND, Pathfinder, Shadowrun, etc.)You seek a challengeLove the DND Campaign setting ""Forgotten Realms"" (This is where the more recently release ""Neverwinter"" MMO and the famous RA Salvatore Drow novels takes place....in this game you can run into the Drow himself by the way.)You want a steep learning curve that once understood makes for an indescribable feeling of accomplishment.You like traditional high fantasy settingsYou like controlling more than your own character (Success depends on orders given to up to six party memebers.)You like various flavored NPCs to recruit (There is a large amount of potential party members to pick up or kick out of your party and they react to how you choose to play the game.)You want replayability (Play it as the ultimate good guy then go back and slaughter everyone no matter who they are.)All in all Baldur's gate is one of my favortie rpg franchises if not my all time favorite. It isn't for everybody but those who it is for know what I'm talking about. It's pretty often I hear those around my age say their favorite game of all time is Baldur's Gate II. This one is a great setup for that one and I highly recommend it. If you aren't use to it then be patient, give it time, and think outside of the box. This game does not hold your hand like most of today's games. You may just fall in love with a genre of game that is nearly  forgotten today.That being said...here's to the current crpg renaissance."
,Recommended,228280,14435873,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Rutilus Phoebus,"If you were lucky enough to grow up in the 90s (as I was) and experience the masterpiece the first time around, then this should be an easy buy for you. It's the original (with Tales of the SC) with additional quest lines, character portraits, voices, and more, plus the action packed ""Black Pits"" mode where you generate a full party of characters to go into an arena of ever more difficult opponents.If, however, you never had the chanc to play Baldur's Gate before, let me tell you, you're in for a treat. Before BioWare made Dragon Age, Jade Empire, Knights of the Old Republic, and Mass Effect, they created a true work of art in Baldur's Gate. It uses 2nd edition Advanced Dungeons & Dragons as the ruleset, and is to my mind, the closest thing that you can find to a true D&D experience in video game form to date. This isn't a hack and slash, folks; it takes planning, party management, and depending on the characters, an inventive use of your available spells. But if you're smart enough to be up to the challenge, Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate II are enthralling experiences worthy of your time."
,Recommended,228280,14495189,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PaladinSL,"Baldur's Gate: Enhanced EditionEverything the original was and more, if you are one of these games who has fond memories of this title but cannot get back into it due to the terrible feel of the interface in the original, this manages to fix a whole lot of that with nothing more than some resoution tweaks, Makes the game infinitely playable again."
,Recommended,228280,14674361,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Varodan,i love the world building in this game.
76561198053876543,Recommended,228280,15215308,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,paolino,"20 years and it does not show, not where it counts: immersive story and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,228280,15513344,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Akalyptes,"Hard game, but fun to mess around in with friends, like DnD in a video game."
76561198001464339,Recommended,228280,15681530,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,rengekicounter,I played this game for so long and I still haven't met baldur
76561198059666504,Recommended,228280,16392795,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Willy Wonka,It's K.
76561198076432699,Recommended,228280,16410068,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,william.trusler,What a classic.
,Recommended,228280,16437429,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Swal,"An amazing old game, only made better by the enchanted edition. I think most of the bug fix patches are included, and a new party member story line got added."
76561197996374735,Recommended,228280,16495607,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Waclaw83,"Baldur's Gate - what more do I need to say?If you're old enough to know this by heart, a must have. If you've no idea what this game is, you're either too young and you are excused, or simply grew up under a rock. EIther way, buy it and see how real RPGs should look."
,Recommended,228280,16628626,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"The core of the game is still there, and what's been added fits in seamlessly.  If you want to save the 100+ hours for something newer, stay away because you probably won't be able to help yourself once you start on the campaign.The whole arena campaign is kinda meh, but that's not really what you're getting the game for so it doesn't really detract from the experience."
76561198137931003,Recommended,228280,33646507,Posted: 19 July,all,NxtLvlSyn,"TAKE THIS RECOMMEND AND DON'T TOUCH ME!Whatta first review! Get this game so you can also gain 100+ hours of adventure, quick saves/loads, and ambushes. But remember; only newbs load a QS and cast a fireball into the shroud of war."
76561198027019565,Recommended,228280,34904347,Posted: 12 September,all,jcweber,One of the best games I've ever played. I can't believe I didn't get into these games many years before this. 100% recommended!
76561197990106355,Recommended,228280,35333757,Posted: 30 September,all,Dreepa,A classic.
76561198004236501,Not Recommended,228280,23051477,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rehlo3,"not the old classic anymore, if you came for nostalgia look elsewhere"
,Not Recommended,228280,12370521,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RADISKULL,"Enhanced with new bugs and broken features! It's disappointing to see a classic game manhandled by a team who clearly don't know what they're doing. It's better to just play the original with only the mods you want. This version has come a long way, but it's taken far too long and still has many outstanding issues, and is missing key features that I would have expected from an ""enhanced edition"" such as steam cloud support and achievements."
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,228280,7812782,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Flopy,Nostalgic but 'enchanced edition' is bull.. UI was awful to use.
76561198065589032,Not Recommended,228280,19033858,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,MutedForHonesty,"Baldur's Gate: Cashgrab Edition (aka Copypaste Edition) is the 'improvement' of the original DnD classic. Including both the base game and the TotSC expansion pack, it also added some new super cool NPC-s and over 812963529 fixes blah blah blah...Do yourself a favor, fellow RPG fan, and disregard Beamdog's self praises. This game offers NOTHING over the original game. 3 new companions - 2 completely unneeded and one hilaiously overpowered but just as unneeded, who the fk needs a monk in a lowlevel adventure, same for a wildmage when you have a specialist mage anyway - all with their own questlines which are so excit.... sorry fell asleep from the excitement. As for the 400 improvements/fixes/whatevers, I couldn't point out one, with the exception of adding higher resolution to the game (which you could achieve with a mod in 30 secs anyway).Characters still bump into each other the turn back.Characters still get stuck in each other/chairs/any imaginable obstacle that could be circumvented in 0.5 seconds.Characters still pause momentarity EVERY GODDAMN TIME you issue a new order.Characters still get lost and confused carrying out complex orders like: go down a hallway, go around a corner, go down the cliff and not just stand in the cliffside, etc. Pathfinding's as awful as ever.Characters still rather just rush into battle with fists instead of switching to another batch of projectiles in their quiver...Dice rolls are still hilaiously rigged (don't get me wrong, the game's fun and all but having my characters roll 2-1-1-3-6-2 without end while enemies roll 20-16-20-17-19 literally all game can be annoying, not to mention HP rolls).And add to this list any other minor/major inconvenience the original had... Enhanced right? Nope. But at least there's a potion bag now, and some (totally irrelevant) BG2 spells.IN SHORT: if you're an RPG enhusiast, but never played Baldur's Gate before, go for it. If you have hundreds of hours in other editions of BG like myself (originals on disks, GoG edition whatever) just pass, unless you want to play BG2 with a friend.Because let's be honest here: why would anyone play BG1 for itself... It's just the ability point grab/xp farm for BG2, a game wastly superior in every aspect. And hopefully a game that has actually been enhanced, not like this.You disappoint me Beamdong."
76561198173288739,Not Recommended,228280,14433807,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,jasonratkovich,"When I was younger and had little to no patience this game was awesome.  I would make character, after character, after character, starting and trying out new classes and races.  Now that I am older and wanted to stick with one I am very unhappy with what I have discovered.  The game caps your level very low.  My Monk that I have been working on is going to be practically usless seeing as the main bonus's for monks revolve around them getting to high levels.  I really wish something would be done but I know that my complaint will go unheard.  I payed for a game that halts progress.  Not happy."
,Not Recommended,228280,23358404,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Farket,"Siege of Dragonspear was the first producted I ever requested a refund for on Steam, luckily my request was successful.It crashes every five minutes, I am not joking. Half the time I fast travelled or entered a building it would crash.I only played about 30 minutes of it before I gave up on it and uninstalled the expanion. Luckily my saved game was salvagable.My initial impressions were:* The UI in SoD is very dark and quite unpleasant.* The game felt very linear.* It did not feel like Baldurs Gate, it felt like a poorly made clone.* The story wasn't drawing me in at all. It felt corny and 'simple'.* The voice acting was very average.* The misc. quests were less than two minutes long.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,228280,8342714,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,guybrush,"I'm honestly a bit disappointed in this game. It's only enhanced in so far as it runs on modern Windows versions which the original doesn't. Otherwise it's exactly the same. The original was great and all, but would it really have been too much to ask to beef up the graphics a bit?"
76561198053659828,Not Recommended,228280,23404204,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dwise20210,After logging in and seeing the manner in which this game has been ruined by current changes makes me so unhappy about playing this game.  I have always felt that Baldur's Gate along with Tales of the Sword Coast was near the top of computer gaming enjoyment.  This is currently crap.  It is clumsy and ugly.
,Not Recommended,228280,10002405,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,"i used to like this game as a kid but trying to replay it now makes me fall asleep but i cant because the god awful banshee wail ""HEYA IM IMOEN"" shatters my eardrums forcing me into a state of limbo between sleep and awake that doesn't make for a comfortable playing experience"
76561198089381364,Not Recommended,228280,30295238,Posted: 3 March,all,Ninjamestari,"This is one of those games that gets progressively worse with every single patch. I recently installed the game to see if it has become playable, and I was first greeted with the new inferior character creation UI that makes picking a color a lot more tedious, and once I got into the actual game, I noticed that some of the patches has included some weird smoothing effects that turn the once beautiful sprites to look like some obscure vomit shapes.It is absolutely clear to me that if you want to experience Baldur's Gate, it is better to go with the GOG version. This 'Enhanced' Edition is just a crime agaisnt humanity."
,Recommended,228280,22871565,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lymanity,"This is a review for people who may not know much about Baldur's Gate or Dungeons and Dragons in general.Baldur's Gate is a role-playing game with a well written story and uses simulated dice rolls to determine the success (or failure) of your actions in the game.The story takes place in a high fantasy setting. It begins with your character growing up in a cloistered town called Candlekeep. You were adopted many years ago by a man named Gorian, who has been kind to you. You know nothing of your heritage or history. One day, you're told by Gorian that you must prepare to leave Candlekeep, the only place you've known all your life, with great haste. There were no explainations given for such a dramatic change of pace in your life, but you do know that Gorian received a letter before he broke the news to you. So, you set foot outside Candlekeep with Gorian... and your adventure begins.You don't need to understand a whole lot of the mechanics to enjoy the game, but be prepared to at least learn about your chance to hit a target and their chance to hit you. I'm putting this in the simplist terms possible because the lexicon of game mechanics doesn't read too well in a cursory review. It is less scary and more simple than it first seems. The game is based on the second edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons rule set, which is antequated by what would be several future editions of the Dungeons and Dragons rule set, but it isn't without its merits.If I had to pick one thing I liked best about this game its the story. I wouldn't say it is the greatest story I've played in a game (that honor would go to Xenogears), but it is enchanting in that I want to spend a lot of time trying to learn what happens next and just stomping the villians feels good.One thing I like least about the game is that it can be difficult to know if you're properly prepared for advancing the story when you're at lower experience levels. It seems like you have to save after every battle. Death is extremely prohibitive in this Baldur's Gate, so if one of your party members dies it will cost you sizable funds, especially early in the game, to resurrect them. Resting often is a necessity with mages in the party, as spells are finite and only reusable after memorization and rest. Usually, it is a good tactic to only use spells when confronted with large groups or very strong enemies.If you liked Pillars of Eternity or any of the newer isometric RPGs that have come out in the last year or so, I'd say you should give this one a shot. This game was amazing for its time and it holds up fairly well. Expect to see a few things that have been done better in more recent titles, but it's nothing you can fault the game for being that it's almost 20 years old and lacks clairvoyance."
76561198052714222,Not Recommended,228280,28893878,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Phytophyte,"""You stagger, half-dead, through the front gate of the Friendly Arm Inn. Your two spells for the day are already spent. As you lumber up the stairs of the main building, a voice calls out to you -- 'Hello, friend.'""""Dude, I know this b****rd is going to kill me; we've done this encounter a dozen times before, and every time you have him use the same cheap-a** combo that's completely unbeatable unless I metagame the s*** out of this game. Can we just skip him?""""No. He continues to address you. 'Excuse me --'""""I push past him without saying a d*** thing. I don't even make eye contact.""""From your response, the man concludes you are the person he's looking for, and attacks you. First, he casts Mirror Image, making him completely impervious to everything. Now that he's untouchable, he casts Fear, humiliating you as you run around like a complete pansy. Finally, with you unable to defend yourself, the man casts Magic Missile, killing you swiftly. You are dead, and the game is over. You suck at this.""""F*** you. F*** you so hard.""This is ten minutes into the game, at level 1, on normal difficulty. If this is an accurate portrayal of playing D&D, I don't think I'm ever going to touch the real thing."
76561197971168958,Not Recommended,228280,23280888,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Krypter,"BUYER BEWARE: Do not buy this game!This game literally does not work. Launch, crash. Launch, crash. Support suggests reverting to previous patch, game crashes. I spent 40$ on 2 copies (1 for me and 1 for a friend) and this game is not functioning. I spent hours troubleshooting and trying various fixes found on forums -- all with no success. BG does not run on either of our PCs. Forums show many customers in the same situation.So far I am multiple hours deep in troubleshooting and haven't spent a single minute playing with my friend.40$ wasted, plain and simple.(Running Windows 7 x64, 32G RAM, 3G Nvidea graphics card, AMD 3.8GHz 8core)"
76561198285181680,Not Recommended,228280,21467909,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,stedradragon,Game freezes after beating the orge mage. Can't find a workaround or patch.
76561198028292136,Not Recommended,228280,17293988,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,clinz,"Not user friendly, information overload, cannot play this game without getting frustrated."
,Not Recommended,228280,34942355,Posted: 13 September,all,thainen,"Some cult classics are timeless. Take Fallout, for example. Every couple years I feel the need to install it again and relive the journey of the Vault Dweller.Some cult classics don't age well. In its day and age, Baldur's Gate was a breakthrough, an epic journey that brought the magic of a pen-and-paper RPG campaign to the computer screen. But revisiting it after two decades made me realize that, unless you are a game designer, journalist or scholar, there's no reason to play it today. It's not about its age alone: it's about the fact that everything this game did, other games have since did better. There is a whole genre of games that do Baldur's Gate better than Baldur's game itself!By modern standards, it's very poorly written. The story is a mediocre political thriller with zero depth -- nothing remotely like, say, Planescape: Torment. All the events you see in the wild are simplistic, and do not affect anything later in game. The companions are shallow, with little dialogue -- don't expect deep and nuanced characters like in Dragon Age. And let's not even start talking about the game's mechanics and combat system -- by modern standards, the rules based on D&D 2 edition are horribly archaic and just barely more playable than SSI's Gold Box mathfest.In short: the game was incredible for its time. But today, whatever you liked about it -- story, combat, exploration, companions -- there are games that do it much better."
,Recommended,228280,10881218,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ThatRadioGeek,"This is the game that got me into Dungeons & Dragons, and in turn tabletop gaming as a whole. I loved this game back in the day, and I still love it just as much. This Enhanced Edition even has some really great new improvements on the original, a handful of new characters and some locations. If you're even a little bit of a D&D fan, or even if you're just wondering what D&D is all about, then play this."
76561198085206138,Recommended,228280,23285217,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TDime420,"It holds up well. I didn't really play that far into the original release (and therefore can't comment on what specific changes have been made) because I was a dumb kid, but as a dumb adult, I really like the writing, music, and atmosphere. If you want those things but slightly better and with good combat, maybe buy Pillars of Eternity. That said, they're both good and this one is much cheaper.If you're a fan of KOTOR, Dragon Age, or Bethesda's RPG's, it's worth looking into the game largely credited with kicking off big, open, Western RPG's as mainstream releases."
76561198014840178,Recommended,228280,24989491,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,aves,"Great game then, great game now. 9/10"
,Recommended,228280,24991417,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Silence,"This was my favorite game growing up as a child, the enhanced edition offers some new characters and additional zones to explore. Overall it was a good buy and it was fun to re-experience a game I will never forget."
,Recommended,228280,10470244,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Geoff Shen,"The game is everything that the trailer shows and more. It's a masterpiece. Now it's enhanced with better texture, widescreen resolution."
76561198025327860,Not Recommended,228280,33644540,Posted: 18 July,all,jubernstein,"This game is full of bugs. I'm kind of astounded by the number of times I've had to start over because items disappeared or I did something slightly out of the order that the programmers intended. I loved this game back in the day, but its too buggy to be enjoyable now."
76561197980429671,Recommended,228280,23280292,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"It gets a recommendation...barely, even the 2.0 patch won't change that.  I won't spend too much time looking at the original game.  It was a wonderful game which deserves your time.  Instead I'll spend time looking at what was changed and if it is worth your time and money.  However they did little to expand beyond the original game and what they accomplished could be done, and has been done in some cases, with mods.For the good, it's Baldur's Gate as it was when it was created with some engine upgrades and a little expanded content.  Baldur's Gate needs no more recommendation than its name, if you enjoyed Black Isle, Obsidian, and Bioware's entries, you'll enjoy this one.The first you see at the title screen is the addition of a second campaign - The Black Pits.  There is no story or questing - this is a encounter mode where you kit out a party and fight a series of encounters with monsters and parties until you, or they come out on top.  This mode has real value for multiplayer games.  Grab your friends, grab some gear, then run in with your characters and beat up all the bad guys.The second you see is the addition of the Bauldur's Gate II class kits and classes to the game.  These don't push too hard on the difficulty as your companions will only use the default classes (with the exception of the new companions).  If you play a multiplayer game with pregenerated characters, this could be a problem if you care about encounter balance.There are four new companions - Neera, Dorn, Rasheed, and the hidden one.  For all but the hidden one, they come with more questing, dialogue, and story which makes them very valued.  The only problem being Dorn and Neera's overpowered capabilities which make them almost push button choices for a min-maxed party.Edit: Just turned it back on and played for a while after the 2.0 patch.Hoo boy, this update is either a love it or hate it update.Some nice things are there, like the ability to have off-hand weapons and 2 handed weapons in inventory slots for easy weapon swapping without having to play with the inventory.  The journal was also updated and I will sit in disagreement with everyone and say it's better - the old journal was nasty.  There are five quicksave slots.  There is also a new class - shaman - which functions as a druid with spontaneous casting like a sorcerer with a few extra abilitites.  Equipment selection highlights characters which can use it and characters/loot stands out in pausing/maps/and in the overworld.  Incidentally I like the changes better over the old UI and feel this is what they should have aimed for when they made an enhanced edition - a real enhanced edition and not a 2015 pc port of an old game.  This is all, of course, based on preferences.That said, the new UI does have its share of problems, several problems.  First, the interface is too gimmicy, something simpler would have done better and made for a less jarring transition between the old game and new updates- the new map screen demonstrates this.  Once the expansion is installed, the UI changes to a black background, which I do not like.The worst of the changes are the bugs and crashes which come with it.  There are more bugs and crashes since the 2.0 overhaul, not enough to cause me to do any more than annoy me.  It does bother me that stability has gone down and the old 5 USD version of the game can manage it with fewer crashes if you have the right mods installed.One thing I will say in agreement with other reviewers is - the wrong time to introduce a major overhaul of UI and gameplay is not years after release, it is prior to and on release.  Pushing this much change on the game will create a jarring change where you open the game and it's not the game you remember.  This will chafe with your player base you will receive a lot of much deserved criticism from all sides for your decision.While the remaster does, at this point, do things differently enough to stand out as its own game, many of the changes were not that much beyond the original and feel experimental and sometimes unwelcome.  The UI is a case of love it or hate it.  It's biggest competition is Bauldur's Gate via the old version on GoG with mods to update it to work on current systems.  While I like this version enough to recommend it, that old version works well enough to be serious competition for this game and may serve your preferences better."
76561198053653124,Recommended,228280,23955158,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"Baldurs Gate: Enhanced EditionBaldurs Gate has always been a favorite game of mine. While I haven't played it a ton of hours this time around, I'll never forget the first time I did play it, and the 100+ hours I played. Baldurs Gate is an Infinity Engine game, and a lore-heavy one at that. You create a character, and then you're put into the Sword Coast world, you come across different people as you play who will either like you and join your cause, dislike you and attack/leave, or will ask you to join THEIR cause. The characters are voice acted, and their personalities are memorable. If you're familiar with D&D, you'll enjoy playing this game a lot.-Lots of reading-Lore Heavy-Memorable Characters-Lots of gameplay-HIGH replay value (different class, and companions, and side missions)-Difficult (but rewarding!)-Great game for thinkers, and strategist"
,Recommended,228280,23625599,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Avedawg,Defined as a Classic in Gaming for any RPG fan
76561197990188016,Recommended,228280,23625675,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lenerdo,"Take the time to learn it,  and you'll love this game in 20 years."
76561198010460445,Recommended,228280,24514747,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,xoverbang,THIS IS OK TIME TO MAKE BALDUR'S GATE 2 TURKISH TOO.
76561198172754543,Recommended,228280,25020810,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Harpa&Bjarki,My favorite game of all times
,Recommended,228280,29251550,Posted: 14 January,all,rory,"I don't think it's as good as 2, but it still introduces a lot of the elements that make 2 great. Honestly, I probably like this a these two games because of the nostalgia factor, but they're still great!"
,Recommended,228280,26626367,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Shockblader,Best RPG i've played next to Final Fantasy
,Recommended,228280,30329269,Posted: 4 March,all,Vulcanza,Classic D&D game still has great fun
76561198047479099,Recommended,228280,25409006,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Vanqu,"Perfect 1998 vintage, still tastes amazing today."
76561198035286875,Recommended,228280,8278192,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,PG Psyco,"One of the greatest games of all time, I first played it when it was released in the 90s for $80. Who would have thought Black Isle Studios would release the game in 2013?"
,Recommended,228280,18256497,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,seaofthesky,i ;ike baldersg ate
76561198000016600,Recommended,228280,24284020,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,*****,"I'd guess most people would play this game for nostalgic reasons. I've played my share of RPGs but not the original BGs. So no additional nostalgia points from me unfortunately. This being said, I found this game to be very well made and fun to play. It's old fashioned in pretty much every way possible (including graphics, interface, game mechanics etc.), but after giving it some time, this didn't really bother me too much.Some things to note:1) While not buggy per se, this game has some balancing issues and it's sometimes hard to know what to expect when fighting enemies. Some fights are just down right annoying and very difficult to win.2) The game doesn't hold your hand in anyway. If you go to wrong places and pick wrong fights, you die. If you don't, you probably still die. Expect to put in some effort and research if you want to get somewhere in this game."
,Recommended,228280,23200619,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ifrgt,"The dark character outlines are finally optional.Lots of bugs fixed, lots left to fix, but the overall nostalgia feeling is present in this game again."
,Recommended,228280,23926699,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pirate Thom,"I havent played the original version of Balders Gate so I couldn't say whether or not the Enhanced Edition makes the game significantly better than the original, or whether the recent update is a travesty which ruins an otherwise excellent game. The perspective I offer will be that of someone thats new to the series and hasnt played many isometric RPG's. To quickly summarise, BG is absolutely fantastic.Combat is challenging at times and will require you to consider different stratergies or party makeups (on normal) making success feel very rewarding. The graphics generally look fine and significantly better than what I've seen of the original (without mods) however when fully zoomed in the graphics do suffer. The storyline and diagloge is often extremely funny and very engaging, although you will be expected to do a fair amount of reading due to a limited amount of spoken lines, however I have found this only adds to the immersion. Party Banter is quite limited and would have benefited from being more prominent to which end I would recommend using the NPC project mod, which adds further interactions amongst other welcome changes.The games currently on sale for £6 which I would say is 100% worth it. At a full price of £15 there is a fair arguement that the Enhanced Edition doesnt add enough to the base game and you may be better of buying the original but I dont feel qualified to say either way. Whichever version of BG you get im confident you will thoroughly enjoy yourself."
76561198065272179,Recommended,228280,28079961,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GAABBE,"Kind of sucks that the game forces you to play good characters or else get jumped by law enforcement and inevitably die one way or another. I want to murder villages, and not face superhero policemen in every town I travel to.."
,Recommended,228280,17801335,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"The first Baldur's gate is the best one. It is a nice worldly balance of good and evil, allowing for many different players of many different styles to play this game and be left satisfied with the end results. Having the ability to choose your path and your moral stance seems to do well in this game; since the world in itself tends to be as I said: balanced. The range of quests offer decent reward and the game's challenge is nice. The game plot wise is interesting and starts to develop and grow more as you play, which I must say is a great way for a game's plot to go.While I am not particularly a big fan of the E2's THAC0 system, if you set up your character and companions with the right skills and are resourceful in using them, this game won't be a constant ""miss, miss, miss, critical miss."" If people don't like THAC0 or DND's sometimes unpredictable conclusions (in terms of fighting, etc); then you might not like it. The lore is somewhat gritty, but it gives you some room to fix things with nice endings; thus not being a complete waste of time for Good/Neutral characters.The older game engine's pathfinding for your party as well as some other issues such as not being able to shift-click and see the ""waypoints"" for movement is actually a nuissance when a random member gets suck in your group while you are trying to move around an obstacle. Now correct me on this if I am wrong, but I was unable to find a way to maintain my party's formation, thus when I tell them to move it seems like they don't stick together, and whoever makes it first will likely be the first target from a enemy encounter. This can be very frusterating at times, especially when you want to assign who you want in the front of a column, etc and if they will walk ""together"" while holding the formation.The game is old, but I would have expected that maybe the Enhanced Edition would have implemented some improvements in these areas. The sound effects are as old as the game, but they are not bad to begin with. The only issues I have with audio is that some magical spells are particularly too loud; such as the spider web trap or the thorn spells; they make lots of noise at a higher volume than you are used to. The inventory management is still the way it was  from the first release in 1998, where you can't have other members pick up gear if your current member is full. I was expecting maybe in the Enhanced Edition that the items on the ground could be sorted through the party's inventory, rather than me having to keep clicking different people and then having them pick up the items.Overall rating:6/10Breakdown of Positives:+ Good lore from an older game.+ Enhanced Edition gameplay and interaction tweaks.+ Additional characters introduced in the Enhanced Edition.+ Game's atmosphere is well-balanced to cater to the choices of any moral alignment.+ Starts at a nice pace and picks up mid-game.+ Runs very good both on Windows and Linux from my experience.Breakdown of Negatives:- THAC0 is a flawed to-hit formula, was hoping maybe a change to the newer 3.5 forumla.- Party pathfinding is around the same as the old games. Was hoping to see this improved.- Inventory system was not improved really. I was looking for a easy auto-sort function for picking up loot.- Some magical spells emit rather out of place sounds at higher volume, like thorns or spider-web.- Party formations are nearly useless, since parties will NOT retain the formation upon movement, but rather break up whenever they run into something (including other members). This can be frusterating and end up with a confrontation with a broken unit coherency.Conclusion: The game is fun and I definitely enjoyed the story and the openness of this classic, but some areas of the gameplay as mentioned make me question the significance of this ""enhanced"" edition.."
76561198116709247,Recommended,228280,9173510,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,yjzep,"One of the top RPGs EVER.   Made by people passionate for RPGs.  The story is great, but it's the dialogue that sells it.  Between the very well written party characters, the humor, and the questing that makes you actually feel like you accomplished something by reading your journal and using your head, this game and it's ilk are the last bastions of when games were still well written.  You could go thru hundreds of lines of dialogue in the game space it would take to have a couple badly acted cutscenes form newer games.As far as ""which do I play, BG 1 or 2?""  BOTH!  You HAVE to play BOTH!"
76561198002201234,Recommended,228280,7864527,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kolhu,The best rpg ever made.
76561198009003512,Recommended,228280,8263485,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,az,"Probably the second-best rpg ever made; BG2 being the best, and this is not said lightly. If you have the time to put into this game and its sequel, there is no better rpg experience in terms of story, gameplay, depth of character, plot twists, dialogue and writing, and overall size to reward exploration than the Baldur's Gate series."
76561198018927474,Recommended,228280,8859049,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Gilu,"Great game from 1998, now with new content! :)"
,Recommended,228280,24443420,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LuisGC,"40 hours for a complete playthrough.It's not as ""enjoyable"" as any modern RPG game (as Pillars of Eternity, for example) but totally enjoyable anyway :-)"
,Recommended,228280,18065681,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Apple ][,"I've played a fair amount of this game, up to essentially right before you get to Candlekeep again; however, I played through nearly every non-main story location in the game and was level 6. Replaying the game after the DLC update revealed a shiitty forced overhaul to promote their shiity DLC. If the other comments are correct they broke multiplayer and wrote a horrible piece of crap called Siege of Dragonspear.Don't buy this game. Maybe find other ways of playing it, like playing it at a friend's house. :^)"
76561198278361015,Recommended,228280,25260599,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,adavidov,Played on mac. Just like the BG you know and love.
,Recommended,228280,24789085,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,turbo,"This is basically a video game version of Dungeons and Dragons. It sounds pretty cancerous to regular, functioning, contributing members of society, but I really enjoyed it. If you enjoyed Runescape as a little tyke, you'll enjoy this as an adult. It's pretty full on, and very complicated, but it's fun once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,228280,24682242,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,psmarkb80,ok.. so im totally new to dungeons and dragons. i've never played in my life. so im going to tell this from my honest point of view.  This game is fantastic! I dont understand all the fuss about this game. its pretty simple to navigate through the interface and what not. Its definitely the most hardore rpg i've ever played.
76561198106408476,Recommended,228280,29610837,Posted: 31 January,all,Fynx,"Just so you know, I spent much more time playing the old non-Steam version of this game, sequel as well.What I like most in rpgs is the character creation.This entire game is one big character creation for BG2, which is a better game by far.Just take a guess where I spent more time..."
,Recommended,228280,29487991,Posted: 25 January,all,sniper932,Baldur's Gate: Childhood Revisited
,Recommended,228280,29364859,Posted: 19 January,all,dory,Fun. Great game to play with friends. Story is fabulous.
76561198219306591,Recommended,228280,25795942,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,vesuvanprincess,"I enjoyed this expansion a great deal. It did a great job of bridging the gap between BG 1 and BG 2. The graphics, considering it was running on the old infinity engine, were excellent. The story was enjoyable however I did have a small complaint in that it was very linear. This is excusable considering the entire point of the game is to connect to specific story points in the series but I still feel it could have been done better. Another minor complaint was how little it effects anything in BG 2- only a small amount of items will show up in random places later. My favorite part of SOD was the NPC's. Traveling again with Boo (and his medium sized terrestrial friend Minsc), Viconia and other series favorites- actually voiced by their original actors- was a real nostalgic joy after so many years. The new characters too were a lot of fun, Captain Corwin and M'Khiin being my favorites.Obviously there are some strong opininions and disagreements about this game but for me personally it was well worth playing. I think any old school fan of Bioware who loves their modern titles like Mass Effect and Dragon Age will find this Beamdog expansion fits right in."
,Recommended,228280,28067718,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,killedbypropaganda,best game ever.
,Recommended,228280,13278324,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Centinexslays,"This was not what I expected as I normally only like FPS's, shiny things and loud noises.  But this made me have happy feelings.  I cannot read, so I didn't know what was going on most of the game, but I had a blast making my own sound effects and pretending I was shooting the bad guys with shooty guns like in my favorite FPS.My dad caught me playing this game and he was happy.  He changed my drool cup twice that week.  It was awesome. Now that I have successfully gotten past the character creation screen, I have decided to give this game a rest for a while.  I am going to spend the remainder of my years playing as many CoD sequels as they will make.  I really like the soldier guys and making shooties at other soldier guys.  Also,  I think Activision cares about me and would never hit me like dad when he's been drinking.5 out of 5 circles!Also if you like this game you should see my bike! Mom says I can ride it anywhere I want as long as I don't leave the yard. CoD 4 life!"
76561198040964973,Recommended,228280,17485893,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,topuklu,HELL YEAH
,Recommended,228280,7877825,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jupiter,"One of the most classic CRPG's ever made. Embark in a brilliant story in a huge universe. For those who know nothing of these games - think of this as a deep rpg fantasy x-com with loads of content. The main character you can design from scratch (even make your own audio for) can carry on to Baldur's Gate II. About 70-100 hours content for a new player, probably more. Rewarding, story based great game.Enhanced Edition:- Good resolutions- Very few technical issues- New content (couple of characters, dialogue and quests)"
76561197992850029,Recommended,228280,8257692,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,daemonblade1229,"Amazing. The first half of the best game of its decade. I am playing through it now. Remidns me why I fell in love with D&D. It has aged really well, and is still as engaging and exciting as it was a decade and a half ago. If you havn't played it, you have missed out on a watershed moment for PC gaming,"
76561198051105224,Recommended,228280,5514656,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,imbajoe,Classic !!!!!!   Still got my big box edition from back in the day  maps and all :D
,Recommended,228280,8258510,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,AgentWilsonX,"Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition brings back a lot of memories of the late 90s, playing this game local multiplayer with friends as between sessions of pen and paper D&D. If you weren't a fan of the game when it originally came out, it may be difficult to get into, but if you owned it in the past and lost one (of the 5) installation discs for the original version, I highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,228280,8271908,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Selth Blackwings,"This is a remake of the first RPG game I ever played on a PC. Shut up and buy it.This is a rather epic game and anyone enjoying D&D should love it (it's based on 3.5) ! Personally I think it is simply one of the greatest games of all time, period.If you like strategy games, buy this. Also the original had network abilities, though very very badly designed. I haven't tried to play this as multiplayer but I know I would love to.If there is one game that is worth getting, definitely it's that one."
,Recommended,228280,8323718,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KingScrapMetal,"This game brings something new to the table, er... it did when it was released pre-2000. Whatever... anyhow, it's really fun. I got lost in all the different characters and customization between all the minute things ingame, but that's not bad at all. In fact, as someone who's always had a love for RPG's this thing has been a dream come true. Unfortunately, I'm extremely new and I can't seem to progress to far without dying and having to find some alternate way to accomplish my goals. I guess many would see that as a perk of the game, but being a very impatient person has led me to some very angry rage-quitting. Nonetheless, I refuse to let that change my opinion over this great game. If you buy this, I hope you gave patience... You'll need it."
76561198030339475,Recommended,228280,8342547,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grantish,so much old school fun :P
,Recommended,228280,8503739,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,honky tonk,"Awesome. It's possible to mod the original game on your own, but that REALLY is easier said than done. The mod-community of BG1 is... scattered at best :) The Enchanced Editon brings everything you could ever want from BG. Get it now! :D"
76561198091573968,Recommended,228280,9606313,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DukeHollyrood,A fully remastered classic. The game comes into its own on multiplayer. Really amazing fun.Now with the release of Siege of DragonSpear you can bash through all 3 games plus the throne of bhaal with the same character!
,Recommended,228280,10234134,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Didgy,"Classic D&D, now updated for modern systems.And when I say ""updated"" I mean, it now runs on modern systems.There are no new dynamics, no horrible gameplay additions, no attempt to pander to current trends.As a classic RPG fan, this is a blessing, it's the same game I remember and love.However, this makes the asking price a bit steep. For an engine that is nearly 20 years old."
76561198098051854,Recommended,228280,8323891,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,m.teasdale,"Still has good after all those years. Pretty much the same game that we all know, but with a resolution that make it nice on newer PCs, engine from bg2 which is just better, and some nice little changes like being able to stack more arrows.Still haven't played the new content so I can't comment on that."
,Recommended,228280,7745002,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,bait,"This is an amazing RPG! The engine feels a little dated, but the depth is just so amazing. I would suggest reading the game manual, at least some, if you are not familiar with AD&D. The game can be a little unforgiving, so quick save is your friend."
,Recommended,228280,7817945,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Real Benny Hawking,"Baldur's Gate was my childhood game, and seeing it as a improved version fills me with happiness. The game is amazing and I'd reccomend it to anyone who enjoys playing video games even a little bit."
76561197977081338,Recommended,228280,7831075,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Joker_fX,"If you've never played this you can't call yourself a hardcore gamer. ""Go for the eyes Boo!"""
76561197992409968,Recommended,228280,8259864,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Medic is dead ?!,Old but great game
76561197986675967,Recommended,228280,8378199,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tananthalas,Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition is well worth the money to play and buy if you're at all a fan of the old isometric RPG's of the 90's.  There are some nuances some poeple like and some dislike such as the new cutscene movies and the new characters but overall the Enhanced Edition stays true to the original game.
,Recommended,228280,8512735,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Coffee Ninja,yep
,Recommended,228280,8562971,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Brandles,This is my all time favorite game series and nows it's been brought to modern computers with some tricks of it's own. This is a bust buy for any RPG fan. I can not recommend this game enough.
76561197982628468,Recommended,228280,10257545,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tt,Its good to have easy access to an oldie but a goodie.
76561198080336186,Recommended,228280,9965915,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dangle-Cam,One of the best RPG's ever made. Take the time to enjoy this one.
,Recommended,228280,17326743,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ÉvanÇops,My one big issue is the fact that the charcters in the game pronounce the word Drow incorrectly (at least in my opinion)It annoys the absolute hell out of me.But other than that I looove this game to death.
76561198125158586,Recommended,228280,25363704,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,mrcmarking,The Baldur's Gate games are perhaps some of world's best games! Timeless classics!
,Recommended,228280,25758018,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SquallMacthorio,"One of the Best Games I've played so far (and I played many games).The whole saga features one of the most immersive games I ever tried, making you really feel like you're the confused child the game presents you.The mechanics are awesome, based on the tabletop RPG system AD&D (2nd version, If I am not mystaken).The characters and their history (apart from their interaction with ""you"") are really deep.You choices really matter (you can even import your character to the 2nd game and feel the consequences of them).The graphics are the best they could be when the original Baldur's Gate was launched, but still fine to me.Seriously, give it a try!"
76561198100658474,Recommended,228280,25402930,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,BigRedMike,"I played Baldur's Gate 2 through a few times years ago, and loved it. Recently I heard about Dragonspear and realised that I'd never actually played the original, so I got it in a bundle with BG2.The original is really good and doesn't feel clunky like Ice Wind Dale for example.I also like Siege of Dragonspear, the new bridge game. The gameplay is excellent (although it's a little more linear than I would like. I've not found many sidequests that weren't really obvious). I've seen a lot of people slamming this for having a character who has changed their gender. Really? That character's literally appeared for about a minute so far so I don't really understand why that's a problem.There are, however, still quite a lot of bugs, some months after release. The game does have a tendency to crash occasionally on my system, particularly at certain parts of the game, and although I was never interested in multiplayer, I've heard others say it doesn't work."
76561198204990037,Recommended,228280,25762858,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kadelta,"I love this game! I've sunk so many hours into it, and I regret nothing!"
76561198007728556,Recommended,228280,28069086,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Darkside_ruler,One of the best games ever !!!
76561198017007730,Not Recommended,228280,33732423,Posted: 22 July,all,Borzak,"If you played the original, find it on the internet and do whatever to get it running. The updates are terrible. The voices are great, if you are Eastern European but nothing like the original. Like farmed out to the lowest bidder off the street. Horrible. If you are new I would probably just avoid it entirely as the ""magic"" didn't make it back."
76561198023451987,Recommended,228280,26341067,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CoPilotBob,8/10
76561198087498355,Recommended,228280,34116030,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr.PoopyPants,This is a game I have played since childhood. I believe it was actually the first game I ever really played growing up. It is a solid game with plenty of replay ability. I am currently going through it with a random build I thought of and it is just as fun as the first time I played it.
76561198198351739,Recommended,228280,34420753,Posted: 22 August,all,Unique,"Nostalgia da década de 90 quando esse jogo foi lançado. O melhor da época e ainda hoje surpreende, a começar pela citação no começo do jogo. Vale a pena jogar"
76561198045080783,Recommended,228280,29273336,Posted: 15 January,all,L0stLP,"This game feels very old. Aside from that it is a good narrative game.The dice based combat and the critical nature of leveling is visible on the higher levels of difficulty, but if you play on normal with the idea to try and experiment, the game fells most of the time easy.I bought the game when I saw the design of Durlag's Tower, however that was a exception as most of the game takes place on grass plains or caves, with a few exceptions and the ones involving the main Quest.The companions are fun, some of them have a greater backstory than when they start.However the end of the line is that the game is good, but very old. Dragon Age and a lot of the ""Diablo 2"" clones improved a lot on this formula."
76561198031397300,Recommended,228280,34089075,Posted: 7 August,all,Bolton Sausages Inc.,good
76561198039374546,Recommended,228280,33476648,Posted: 12 July,all,DJ Raptor,"Eh, nostalgia..."
,Not Recommended,228280,7942407,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,iliekP3aches,"Don't buy this terrible cash in and SJW agenda hackjob. The outrage was accurate, a classic of a game has been hijacked and social agendas forced down players throats. The new characters are terribly written and don't fit in the universe. The writing level is obviously worse when compared with the original. It's a damn shame they ruined such an amazing piece of gaming history just to pander their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198103208894,Recommended,228280,25399490,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Aegis,A classic!  This is an instruction game for those CoD players who flood RPG's/MMo's who do not appreciate the immersion and insight into story-telling versus pew-pew-pew.  Pay your dues to have a clue and you just might find you like it too :)
76561198075030955,Recommended,228280,29324487,Posted: 17 January,all,Bullshit Machine,Guys it has Drizzt.
76561198373338468,Recommended,228280,30605967,Posted: 18 March,all,legend94,"Solid game, good quests"
76561198013132245,Recommended,228280,7373145,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,huminado,"okay the graphics look like crap. So I really hesitated buying this even at the $5 sale price.After installing it, I found it is very hard to stop playing, even with crappy graphics. There's a difficulty slider, and putting it right in the middle is very challenging.HOWEVER - after playing many hours, the voice acting became unnerving.  There is a tone to this game that I don't appreciate, and they render the game practically unplayable after a while."
76561198040626835,Recommended,228280,8107437,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Doctor Feathers,"Great game, just ignore the the horrible ending/chapter"
76561197993699267,Recommended,228280,8187784,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Italian Gator,"If you are old enough to remember playing this when it first came out, it's a nice trip down nostalgia lane.  However, the limitations of the 2.5 D&D ruleset really cripple character flexibility.   It was a nice diversion for a bit but I stopped about 1/2 way through as the game simply takes way too long to play.  With a family, work & other activities vying for my attention, I didn't feel like I was actually making progress with only 1-2 hours of playtime available on the days I could actually play."
76561198094423637,Recommended,228280,8779634,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Thevoice,Awesome
76561198208215447,Recommended,228280,18317086,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Punished Snake,"This game while infuriating to learn is also way too much fun to learn, it's not your typical modern RPG where everything is handed to you. Party members will die or leave you, assassins lurk around every tavern waiting for your arrival. I finally made it to Baldur's Gate and I still don't know fully what I'm even doing, but my followers and I stopped dying and started killing. You can spend an hour alone in character customization...and it has nothing to do with appearance there's just sooo many classes and choices. 10/10 Looking forward to the expansion that bridges the gap between 1&2 before I proceed with the series, also excited to play Icewind Dale, as I hear that's more dungeon crawling and looting than expansive story. The combat, once you get past the ummmm....lack of visual excitement...is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing exciting. Can't stress this enough, again 10/10 if you haven't played it, there's a reason it's still highly regarded as ""The RPG"""
,Recommended,228280,18376195,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,levisan,"This game never caught my attention when it was released back in 90's... such a fool... Man, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,228280,18715098,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,aegorsuch,"The story is great, the characters are very well-written. If you played Baldur's Gate back in the Golden Age of CRPGs, buy this. If not, buy this and you'll thank me."
76561198036611557,Recommended,228280,19106251,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,AbusingWings,Highly difficult and highly addictive. I started off with a wizard and found it to not be the best start class however I still keep coming back to play.
76561198010248360,Recommended,228280,19857245,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Joined the game,The enhanced edition has fixed a lot of issues and added mayn aspects into the game. The one negative thing I must mention is that they have redone all of the cinematics. They all are very simple and remind of a drawn comic rather then the fantastic cinematics that they once were. It was a little depressing when I entered the Friendly Arm Inn and the drawbridge lowering and epic music turned into the music playing over a simple picture. Nevertheless if you and some friends are looking for entertaining evenings with comedy and role-playing then this is the game for you. Especially since it goes on every sale that steam has.
76561198032080963,Recommended,228280,8286572,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,sycosan,I have allways liked this game
,Recommended,228280,9098233,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Husqi,This is the greatest game in human history (period)
76561198007187961,Recommended,228280,10259741,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,J3w Jitsu,dungeons and dragons epic
,Recommended,228280,10951987,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,rdogv1,A classic reborn!
76561198021490654,Recommended,228280,16774575,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dennis_il,an all-time classic.
76561198045525910,Recommended,228280,17741713,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BigDaddyCruiser,"Game made me feel frustrated, scared, and bored.Then I met Noobert and felt annoyed.Then I crit Noobert, and he exploded violently on my screen.Then I felt good and liked the game."
76561197985199121,Recommended,228280,18102751,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Memberberry,Best childhood game i have ever played and still ist the best.
76561198126232646,Recommended,228280,18247151,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,stevenelliott02,"got this game when it first came out . best game of it's time and enjoy playing it  still . it,s old skool"
76561198035645176,Recommended,228280,18831078,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,6string4,10 out of 10 my friends and i have a blast on it so much fun core rules lol
76561198062095241,Recommended,228280,19422054,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,StormChaser,Don't forget to savem requently you are really squishy in this game but if you play smart it is great and the story is EPIC.
76561198008534413,Recommended,228280,10180582,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Th3e Dud3e,no school like old-school.
,Recommended,228280,9181790,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,HeartyMuffin,A blast from my childhood. Looks like I've gotten better at it too.
,Recommended,228280,17964312,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,MonstroMart,Still one of the gratest RPGs of all time and still well worth your time even if like me you played it in 1998. The NPCs added are really cool and feel like they belong to the original game. The game did not crash one single time (unlike the original which crashed often on Windows 98). I think most of the improvements of the second game were brought to this enhanced edition. The game runs in 1080p without any trouble and the UI and gfx are not too small either. I had a lot of fun replaying this game i highly recommend it.
76561197976311109,Recommended,228280,18178936,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,thriller,9.9/10.  Top ten games of all time!  One of my favorites and hope this franchise continues to get recognition to make more.
,Recommended,228280,18377619,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ny_giants45,"No nostalgia here, my first playthrough was in 2015. While the DnD mechanics and interface take a bit getting used to; the game holds up very well. Deep character builds, interesting quests, even the graphics manage to hold up considering the games age. The combat takes some time getting used to but after getting a few levels some of the fights are really deep and entertaining. The black pits addon was really nice in letting you create your own party and really experiment with different builds, combinations, and participating in different fights.My only complaint is that now I'm 10 hours into Baldurs Gate 2 and I see some problems with BG1. BG1 just feels like a setup for Baldurs Gate 2 and it lacks the deep character interaction that Baldurs Gate 2 has. In BG1 you meet many companions that seem like they could be interesting, but they are mute for the entire game. Luckily the Enhanced Edition characters have quests and dialogue that adds some flavor to the game. I found Dorn and Neera to be much more endearing than any of the vanilla NPCs.The mainplot in BG1 feels a bit barebones and just serving as laying the groundwork for the sequel.  The game began to drag on a bit towards the end but that could be just my eagerness to start the second game. The late game dungeons like Durlags tower were not too enjoyable for me. Hundreds of traps everywhere with really obscure puzzles to solve. It seemed every lategame area was just traps everywhere with tougher mobs. I didn't find them too interesting. I actually enjoyed the earlier dungeons much more.Overall though I can see how this game was a milestone for it's time and it still holds up today as an amazing RPG. Playing through the saga right now is a great experience in 2015 even with no nostalgia. While I am finding Baldurs Gate 2 to be far superior in every way, I think for a new player playing the first one and getting a feel for the game/the background story is a great idea. It was hard enough managing my level 3 mages as a BG noob, I couldn't imagine diving right into Baldurs Gate 2 and being bombarded with 20 spells to memorize.8.5/10"
,Recommended,228280,11961220,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Sintel,"if this game was based on 3.0 it would be one of the best RPG's around, unfortunatly it runs on 2.0 rules and any game that has THACO is incredibly hard to understandstillif you can oversome the hurdle of rules and controls, it is a fun sunbstitute if you can't get your friends together for a real game"
76561198018679417,Recommended,228280,14929553,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,hogie9,Still the best D&D game ever made.
,Recommended,228280,16932426,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ReasonablyTall HD 4K,"I've clocked well over 600 hours playing Baldur's Gate I and II since I was 12, when a copy of BGI came bundled with my first CD-ready computer. I love Baldur's gate.The enhanced edition is better graphically and mechanically, and it would be a lot easier for a newcomer to get into it and it's certainly worth giving it a try if you're a veteran of the series. Many of the 'fixes' are welcome, and the varied classes and spells make it much more playable.HOWEVER there are some horrible, horrible bugs. For example there is a limit on game speed (which makes combat feel fustratingly slow if you're used to setting it to 60 updates per second in the original) and the incomprehensible path search nodes (which mean your character cannot negotiate narrow corridors, and often defaults to taking 'the long way round').The latter has caused me to prerpetrate a 'ragequit' when it repeatedly interfered with combat."
76561198012717206,Recommended,228280,16943495,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Stinger,"First impressions: I am ashamed to say that I had not played this game when it first came out and so far I am impressed. The graphics are of course dated but certainly not messy, I thought the older graphics would be distracting and bother me, but after awhile you get used to them and it doesn't bother you at all, and  as I begin to learn the game, there is a very satisfying depth to it, which certainly helps you forget about the ageed visuals. During the tutorial, I killed one of my companions..in the tutorial! Well that doesn't turn me off at all, in fact I like it. You have to proceed thoughtfully in this game. Just the kind of experience I was looking for. It plays similarly to knights of the old republic. You have to pause the action and decide how your party members are going to engage the enemy. This game seems to me to be one that can suck you in the more you play it. As your understanding grows, so does your interest. I am only about two hours in and already I feel like I might be in for a long play session with this."
76561198072878865,Recommended,228280,17716397,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Chin Chin,Kappa
76561198055749979,Recommended,228280,18182846,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,gravi_fan89,"I want to start out by saying I love this game.  I used to play it all the time growing up, and I remember being VERY annoyed when my computer became too advanced to handle it.  Now, I'm having the same issue.  The game won't run on my computer properly since I upgraded to Windows 10.  I decided to try uninstalling it and reinstalling it, but now it won't let me, saying that it can't connect to the server or something.  So♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198033721913,Recommended,228280,18272014,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,K-Fr3sh,Does not get any better
76561198138550928,Recommended,228280,18559142,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,nikolai_skomorohov,Best game ever!
,Recommended,228280,18686157,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,corinnerenee,I remember playing this game as a kid. It's a necessity for any players library.
76561197972967745,Recommended,228280,18902251,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bit-Jockey,The half-orc sex scene is the best.
76561198007621483,Recommended,228280,19246371,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ramseydavid,"This is a good but hard game to get into for a first playthrough. Since the game uses 2 edition rules of D&D. The game story starts slow but in later chapters really picks up. Also this game uses Advance Dungeons & Dragons Second Edition rules, thus will be very hard to get into for new players."
,Recommended,228280,19521929,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Guardian,"As a long time avid fan of this series, this remake has so many positives and improvements and so far I can find no losses from it's conversion. The additional content and updates over my old disc copy make this well worth getting your hands on.To me this is one of the most brilliant story lines ever written in any game ever and I would place it in line with the Mass Effect series for that alone.Compelling and incredibly in-depth.Highly recommended for any player who loved the originals."
76561198039380306,Recommended,228280,20166454,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sinister Satyr,"So i was a huge fan of this game when it came out. it holds some very fonds memories, and not so fond frustrations.Good: The story is amazing, the character development is great.Bad: You will save and reload a lot in this game. In fact, save after every battle and save before you speak to anyone important, and save after you explore a large portion of the map. save, quick save, and reload are essential for enjoyement.Cool: The graphics are just as pretty as they were long ago, with notable improvements. also the ability to add your own portraits is nice.Lame: The old AD&D system did not age as well as the later incarnations of D&D. This is actually persional preference and your view may vary."
76561197968575212,Recommended,228280,322271,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Andy,"The developers replaced old bugs with new ones, but the writing, dialog, and combat still make it a classic. The asking price of $20 is **** insane, though. Buy it during a sale."
76561198035571691,Recommended,228280,8287880,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,crokerm1,Amazing Game!
76561198079805770,Recommended,228280,8451649,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tiax The Mad,One of the greatest rpgs of all time and even all these years later and the fact that I can still remember the whole story beginning to end it is still among my favorites.
76561197962973671,Recommended,228280,9045627,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Past0ri,"Needless to say, its a classic rpg game suitable for every rpg fan."
,Recommended,228280,9058011,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,vastavenger,The improvements made were greatly welcomed. I thoroughly enjoyed this most recent play-through and am excited to tackle the BG2EE.
,Recommended,228280,9094598,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Swurlz' Big Daddy,Classic
,Recommended,228280,9289393,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,LittleNickey,Awesome... just awesome!
76561198114682137,Recommended,228280,9402085,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Martigan,A great game
76561198014827316,Recommended,228280,9692946,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Heretic,"Graphics are dated but still one of the best RPGS of all time, takes a bit to learn the mechanics but worth your time."
76561198013877917,Recommended,228280,9874995,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,mats765,"The good old fashion of RPG games and very first ones out, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is the greatest games Remaked to work on newest machine"
76561198134452729,Recommended,228280,10549108,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Brujah,If you can play because this game isn't  easy and simple game :)
76561198052379747,Recommended,228280,13557755,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,swole rat,this game isyknow how you got your boys? your squad?this game is squad^2
,Recommended,228280,14561364,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,StoutYeoman,"Baldur's Gate is a very popular classic RPG, much beloved by many fans of RPGs of the era. As someone who did not play the game on the original release, it is all very fresh for me in spite of the rather dated visuals and gameplay. While the enhanced edition does improve on the visuals tremendously, the game still feels very dated. It is excellent for nostalgia, and I am sure fans of the original will rejoice in the release. Those of us who never played the original may find it a bit more difficult to enjoy, with a somewhat high bar for entry and a necessity for at least a basic understanding of AD&D rules. It is an excellent game for its time, and if you enjoy classic RPGs you will love it. However if you have not played the original and do not have the patience to learn a complex game system, you may not like it."
,Recommended,228280,16837185,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Redhedrage,"Graphics and gameplay may be outdated by today's standards but this game will always have a place in my heart. I grew up dungeon crawling, quest solving, magic throwing, hacking and slashing, and pickpocketing with this game."
76561198030910716,Recommended,228280,16947583,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ian Samhain,Baldur's Gate was a great game when it first came out and even today the Enhanced Edition is still fun.  The various personalities of the NPCs is fun and the ability to choose if they are in your group or not is great.  It just goes to show you that an RPG does not have to great graphics to be great.  This is a D&D classic.
76561198025293799,Recommended,228280,17055620,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Kolbe Howard,"Baldur's Gate is one of those games that's almost indescribably important to gaming as a whole. One that's so influential and genre defining, that it still stands the test of time. Although not nearly as well as it's successor. This game shows it's age not just visually, but in design in some very annoying areas. Mostly the difficulty. This game is hard, like hazardous to your mental health hard. I nearly had a mental breakdown a couple times in this game. While the story is still (mostly) excellent the gameplay can get seriously tedious and irritating at times. This game carries over some of the  ""hard for the sake of hard"" retro difficulty that used to characterize games of this era.You'll walk into a room and have your entire party neutralized by a confusion spell before you even realized what happened. You'll walk into a trap you had no reason to believe was there after hours of play without even seeing one at all. You'll constantly loose a party member in seconds. You'll die over and over again because of incredibly awful pathing issues. You'll cast a spell only to have your party member get hit by an arrow from across the screen and loose that spell from your pool. You'll walk into fights over and over and over again that can only be conquered from careful preparation and near perfect formation, that irritatingly can only be figured out after experiencing the fight once.Dragon Age Origins had a problem with huge difficulty spikes, but this? This is completely absurd. There is far too many fights in this game that feel like horribly unbalanced crapshoots. One of the ways this game adds difficulty is to put most of the hardest fights in the game in tiny, cramped rooms and just fill them to the brim with mages. Trying to stop multiple mages at once from casting confusion spells that will wipe out half of your party if it gets off is irritating, and it's even worse in tiny rooms. The pathing issues are amplified to maddening levels here as your entire party bumps and slams into each other while mages are busy roasting your party in seconds. Baldur's Gate 2 added confusion protection spells which was a godsend. Here? You have to just take it, and it's incredibly annoying.There is A LOT of stuff you are going to have to put up with to enjoy this game. Save often, and be prepared to load saves often. This game will kill you repeatedly with no warning, you have to be willing to deal with that to enjoy this game at all.So with that out of the way let's talk about how this is one of the best RPG's I've ever played (It actually is.) When things go right in this game, my god is it satisfying. Buffing up your entire party with stat boosts and conquering enormous bosses with tactics that only you could come up with, feels... it's just amazing.The RPG mechanics and gameplay are just near perfect here, building a proper character and party is easy and fun to do.  The loot is incredibly rewarding to equip and is numerous and interesting. Exploration is very rewarding here, make sure to check every inch of every area, (especially in the beginning.) The interface is one of the best I've ever seen, 17 years later and it's still a joy to use. It's one of those games that achieves a near perfect synthesis of RPG mechanics, story and exploration that provide an experience that's impossibly immersive.After the 66 hours of infuriating and rewarding gameplay I can't help but say that I loved this game. I wanted to quit, multiple times during this playthrough. Especially in the middle section with the never ending Cloakwood Forest, but I stuck it out and really learned this game even when it killed me repeatedly with no warning. If you are willing to accept brutal and unforgiving challenge in reward for a wonderful story and immensely deep gameplay then this is the game for you. Not for the light of heart or the intellectually lazy, but absolutely worth the struggle if you can look past the retro difficulty."
76561198043316056,Recommended,228280,17219860,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tadashii,This is the first PC game I ever played. It is just a great as I remember it!  It can be pretty difficult.THis game is a classic in my opinion. For anybody that loves RPG and D&D I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,228280,17220624,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Panzermensch,It's still Baldur's Gate.And I can still hear Xzar's voice in my head whenever I ... just whenever.
76561197985193486,Recommended,228280,17227369,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sarevok,"Loved and played this game since it came out.  Terrific classic to play and experience the first time and definitely my go to game when I get my RPG itch on.Must have played, must own, and fantastic for any RPG fanatic."
,Recommended,228280,17703357,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Dυєlρωη,"Played it,Beat it,Loved it,Classic RPG, great world, great storyline, very challenging at times, funny banter between characters in the group, So much to do, infact I hardly saw much of the game at all, just the main story alone took me around 55 hours, plus I did a small amount of side quests.9/10 Will most likely play again."
,Recommended,228280,17792026,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,luxraisin,"This game and Baldur's Game 2 (especially) are honestly some of the best games I have ever played. Had the priviledge of playing with my boyfriend and occasionally other friends and have honestly become a better, more strategic gamer for it. I haven't experienced a game this expansive and well-written... possibly ever.+great writing and compelling characters+expansive world with detailed mechanics+broad spectrum of character choices and versatility+simple but detailed art style+hours of engaging gameplay-still quite a few bugs for a re-release-a lot of good existing content passed up for EE-not compatible with mods9/10One of the best games out there. Honestly."
76561198142567267,Recommended,228280,18202213,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,hargishero,LOVE this game. Great story. Great gameplay.
76561198050872335,Recommended,228280,18265138,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Pastorn,one of the best story rpgs ever
,Recommended,228280,18442183,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Inari Kitsune,"A great enhanced edition to one of my childhood games. Much better than just modding the older version.And yes, i still listen to that godlike menu theme."
76561197983023792,Recommended,228280,18680660,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jdiss,"Amazing game, have played it for years.  The enhanced edition content is a little weak, but the original game is  still just as great as it always has been."
,Recommended,228280,19040649,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sir Lennox Birlington Cat III,"I grew up watching my dad play the original Baldurs Gate. I was too young to understand what it even was, but it still enraptured me. Now that the Enhanced Edition has been released, i'm able to go back and experience the game.Baldurs Gate is tough and expect to die ALOT. The idea is that your character is just a kid in a quiet town known for their books. Your character is exactly that, a kid. When you start the game up your character is level 1, weak and brittle. You'll probably restart the game with a fresh character multiple times until you understand what class kits and good, and which are bad. You'll have to know what to do right off the bat and that's okay. The trial and error isn't monotonous, and can be completly avoided by looking up a walkthrough.When I first started I just walked around with my dimpy little quarterstaff, doing the menial tasks that the game presents you with. These tasks are only menial because it sets the tone of how humble your characters start really is. On my playthrough where I beat the game, right off the fly I walked into Winthrop's taven bought a hammer on my dwarven defender walked around the town clockwise doing quests and getting stuff done. For the majority of the game I didn't know what was coming next but the first part I had done a million times. Because I restarted over and over and until I was happy with a character that was good and I knew I wanted to keep and import for baldurs gate 2. I was incredibly picky on my followers and only got the best.None of that is neccesary.You can play the game how you want to and not worry about whats good and whats bad, and that fine,but it will be a lot harder.I researched online on what was the absolute best until I eneded up with a party consisting of this:MeImoen (Best thief in the game)Khalid (Best tank)Kivan ( Best archer)Neera (Ok mage)Branwen (Awesome Cleric)By the time we reached level 4 (and leveling is very slow) we were tough customers.You may start weak, but you become tough as nails. That's why in BG2, the game is even more fun.Grinding out the early struggle is worth it because it just makes being strong twice as awesome.TL;DR Version:Fun gameYou're very weak in the beginingYou get really tough later onslow leveling upYou will die a lotYou will probably restart the game a lot until you know what you are doingBG2 is even more fun because you start at a high level and can wreckCategory:CRPGGraphics:7/10Story:8.5/10Sounds:7.8/10Music:7/10Gameplay:9/10Overall 8.8/10"
,Recommended,228280,19154273,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,bigmosquito,"After a couple of false starts, this game finally grew on me so that I could appreciate it."
,Recommended,228280,20422769,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Pianoprince,"One of my favorite RPGs of all time. Wether it is the emersive story or the tactical combat, this game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,228280,597688,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,新鮮見方,For every gamer there is 1 game that pushed them over the edge from casual gaming to gaming as part of your lifestyle... Well Baldur's Gate was that game for me... All the good from 80's adveture games mixed with rock solid RPG and a story that felt like reading a grade A Fantasy story.Visually the game is dated but if your not bothered by that I promis you a Classic RPG experience that still holds true today...
,Recommended,228280,8286209,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,hskerke,a real classic
76561198038748960,Recommended,228280,8633519,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Cirrith,Get it gentlemen and ladies of the world. Get it now
76561198002795418,Recommended,228280,8645048,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Korgosh,Good game with alot of option for your play style.
76561198008931580,Recommended,228280,9287993,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,El Zilcho,good game
,Recommended,228280,9335222,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ULTIMATE burger,Great game. Awesome visualisation of Dungeons and Dragons. Would reccomend to anyone who likes RTS or TBS.
,Recommended,228280,10604779,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nugg,"As brilliant as it was, and even better with enhanced graphics, there's some things you should not go back to."
76561197974571174,Recommended,228280,10918055,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Twitch,Never go wrong with the classics.
,Recommended,228280,10996692,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,anger management rex,"greetings sir, have you cut yourself today?"
76561198086593821,Recommended,228280,17164861,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,adriankoncki,The best D&D game of old times ever made!!
,Recommended,228280,18188249,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hand Banana,"One of, if not the greatest RPGs of all time."
,Recommended,228280,18402673,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,nikos.efth,An all time classic. Remastered!
,Recommended,228280,18576747,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,cadrys,Old school fun!
76561198008596848,Recommended,228280,19078650,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,keith_kar,"Glorious! I bought this game when it first came out as my first computer game. The remake on steam is fantastic and adds more content. Very in depth, great story, challenging, classic! I can't say enough about this game. I highly recommend it to any RPG fan. I only hope they add the Neverwinter games to steam now."
,Recommended,228280,19226950,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Q Sirius Doritos,"THE classic DnD style RPG game to play. It can take a while to get used to the old style and controls, but worth the effort."
,Recommended,228280,19244839,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Col_Crashalot,Great to have some co-op with and retro gaming
76561197975322441,Recommended,228280,19342394,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dONUT,"A classic with better graphics and BG2 play system. Want to know details? Read other reviews:)If you like RPGs with good story and well constructed dialogs  (unlike the lazyness we get today *caughF4*caugh*), this game is for you.Buy it."
,Recommended,228280,19352512,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AdelleDeWitt,"I love Baldur's Gate, and quote it more often than I probably should. I highly recommend this game, but only to people who are willing to put in the effort to learn enough of the AD&D rules to make sense of the game mechanics. You don't have to learn everything, but you should know how AC works and what THAC0 is, for a start. There's a learning curve to this game, partly regarding the AD&D rules and partly regarding the strategic combat if you aren't used to that, but once you adjust to the game, you can really enjoy not only the main storyline, but also all the large wilderness areas and many side quests. BG has an impressively vast world (now made even bigger) for such an old game, and it is full of meta humour that I personally really enjoy.I love the original BG, and I know that there are people who feel that some of the changes in BG:EE are game-breaking, but I think they make the game more accessible. For example, in vanilla BG, you could only carry stacks of 20 arrows, but in BG:EE, those stacks can now contain up to 80 arrows. Although inventory management can be a key part of gameplay (Diablo anyone?), I think limiting space too much bogs down gameplay. With such a long, complex game based on a complex set of D&D rules, it's nice to have a little less to think about so you can focus on other tactics, not to mention the storyline itself.Overall, I love this edition of BG, even the obviously (and in some cases awkwardly) added-in content. If you've never played vanilla BG, you might still be able to tell that certain things were added in, but there are also some seamless additions, too. No spoilers, though! Go check it out for yourself if you're willing to put in a little time to learn the system. Enjoy! And if it's your first runthrough, get Minsc as one of your party members once you meet him. He will bring you much joy as long as you help him with his quest, and you will be quoting him for years to come."
76561198038987713,Recommended,228280,19513370,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,thegordman,This game brings back memories.  I played the game a long time ago when I was younger and was blown away then.  The game still holds today as well.  I recommend reading a little about the dungeon and dragons mechanics if you are unfamiliar with those before exploring the game.
76561198024013887,Recommended,228280,8160722,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Rick Sanchez,I'm OnlyPlaysNaturesProphet and this is my favorite game on steam. Multiplayer's great. Really outstanding
76561197970496219,Recommended,228280,8172713,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nicksnake1,"Old game, so it takes a while to get used to, and a certain amount of patience is required, but still great fun."
76561198029229121,Recommended,228280,9073634,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,conduit232,"Immersive, atmospheric, and engaging. A true gem with timeless appeal. Highly recommended ."
76561198030461119,Recommended,228280,9127482,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,darkzeon246,Is good
,Recommended,228280,9348718,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,卂ㄥㆬㄘㄒㄘㄕㄥㄥコ,good
,Recommended,228280,9757672,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Darkslayer87,"Would love to see the original Baldur's Gate roll out with an enhanced edition. Well ask no more, your wishes have been granted in the form of this game."
76561198027263173,Recommended,228280,10631314,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jeffeppen,A classic.
76561197976480646,Recommended,228280,10686639,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jerkasarus Rex,"Go for the eyes, Boo. Go for the eyes."
,Recommended,228280,10828097,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr. Jumpan Prawn,Boss.
76561198039848383,Recommended,228280,16455782,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,wirgin,">Enter a tavern>Stranger approaching from the corner>""I SERVE THE FLAMING FIST!"""
76561198135644370,Recommended,228280,16901161,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,vikingman16,it's better than COD
,Recommended,228280,17017442,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,It's all about the noob,"One of my all time favourite, a little dated but still worth a play through."
76561197991539360,Recommended,228280,17156424,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Toharious,Buy it. Play it.
76561198068440057,Recommended,228280,17233374,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BITES THE DUST,"A wonderful game that is one of the few games to get close to emulation Dungeons and Dragons. However, it hasn't exactly aged well."
76561197967763202,Recommended,228280,17675431,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Azzaman,Fantastic old school RPG highly recommended
76561197977130492,Recommended,228280,17880897,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kilerk,KotOR's dad. Deeper than my real life.
76561197971553733,Recommended,228280,17938371,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,pop255,Best RPG ever.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198034027215,Recommended,228280,18027536,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Gamer333,"My favorite RPG game when I played through it for the first time, still my favorite RPG game even a decade later, and most likely will be my favorite RPG many years from now. There is just to many good things to say about this series, so just play it already!"
76561197994095114,Recommended,228280,18029550,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Baalzie,"""Enhanced""?Well as to what my memory tells me, it's not all that enhanced, apart from the fact that I can actually PLAY it at all on a new computer on viable resolutions... Whatever content Beamdog themselves added I wasn't exactly blown away by.  It's alright I guess, never really cared for Arenas so it's donw to the characters and their stories to try and win me over and they do a.... Me3diocre job... BUT that said, Bioware themselves made a masterpiece! And Beamers didn't frupp it up at all... So I DEFNITELY recommend this game. Werll to anyone who actually enjoys story and settings instead of braindead pewpew...If you LOVE console games, this is NOT for you, go away!"
76561197998284374,Recommended,228280,18774730,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,samantha_cs[SF],"It's been many years since I originally played Baldur's Gate, and this remake hit all the right buttons."
76561198059575982,Recommended,228280,18832265,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Canadian Pirate,"DnD 2nd mechanics might turn off new players with it's archaic design. Pacing is slow at the start, but it gets better as you gain levels."
76561198031142789,Recommended,228280,19058647,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Wanlorn,"Playing this game again gave me the feeling of uniting with old friends. When they say ""Enhanced Edition"" they mean it :) I hope we will have more of this kind of games in the future."
,Recommended,228280,19060797,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Wolfingen,It's a classic.
76561198168190015,Recommended,228280,19223037,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,branca,Not much to say about this game.
76561198116247734,Recommended,228280,19326702,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,mhoffman213,Great classic game.I grew up playing this game and it really brought the rpg using D&D to life.
,Recommended,228280,19562017,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Therese_Voerman,Не устаю возвращаться к этой игре. Классика не стареет.
,Recommended,228280,20191332,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,adraedin,"This game got me into RPGs and it's one of my favorite games. It's a great RPG with an immersive storyline. Character creation doesn't have as many options as RPGs these days - but then again, I'm not a big fan of spending an hour shaping my character's eyebrows in Skyrim.  Being able to import your character into BG:II and continue playing the character in the second game was, and still is, a nice feature of this game series. I would recommend this classic game to just about anyone."
76561198029576525,Recommended,228280,20282763,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AyeMagpie,"For those of you hoping for a good MULTIPLAYER experience.. AVOID.I find it very much a single player game. You could maybe play with one friend locally; otherwise its bad.Each time someone speaks to an NPC it takes around 5s to cut to where that player is and EVERY PLAYER sees this lol.And there are still network difficulties.What more to say? Well if you've never played this game and want a cool single player experience give it a go. Also try Pillars of Eternity if you like this genre, it is a bit more modern. :)"
,Recommended,228280,14034218,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Brynthana,don't forget to save like I did and you'll be fine. also magic is dumb don't bother
,Recommended,228280,33286021,Posted: 5 July,all,ObsidianIchor,"It's Baldur's Gate, one of the best RPGs of all time."
,Recommended,228280,7674570,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Alpha17x,It plays like the original game with a bit of added content. The original cinematics are removed and they have the lazy♥♥♥♥♥motion comic cutscenes going on. I suppose it makes the game take  a bit less space.
,Not Recommended,228280,23056982,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Croosty_Muesli,WHAT HAVE YOU DONE???????????
76561198035793258,Recommended,228280,15411639,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Notsure,just lol
76561198025812478,Not Recommended,228280,7810643,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,taocat,"Until they start doing some real enhancements and this is not just in a beta stage of upgrade, I wouldn't buy it.  Very disappointed so far."
,Not Recommended,228280,8838899,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kaen Harel,"Instead of making something new, they add some crazy half-orc, completely gay monk and some useless chick to good old game and claim they made some huge ""improvements"".Better go to gog and buy old BG complete series, this one is totally useless.Welp, it's time to replay Neverwinter Nights 2 again.Is there anything good in RPG area now besides some gay sex simulators?"
,Not Recommended,228280,7920421,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sucky Sniper,This game is frustrating as it was billed as fixing bugs and recreating one of the best RPG' ever. Saddly you do not make it past the first chapter without broken quests. The game did not need to get prettier just made playable. Very frustrated and want my money back
76561197970313164,Not Recommended,228280,13167067,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dedmeatzz,"Still a great game but not enhanced enough to make it worthwhile imo, and it is only my opinion. If they'd updated the visuals and tweaked the gameplay it would've been a different story but just adding widescreen and bug fixes etc doesn't justify buying it again. Wish I'd saved my money and stuck with playing my original version. Devs should see Shadowrun returns for some pointers on how a game should be brought up to date."
76561198088317696,Not Recommended,228280,10088309,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nehunterdestien,Not a fan. I despise the UI and I can't really get past that plus it seems so different than the D&D rules I play by. Not really a fan of this game at all.
76561198050718912,Not Recommended,228280,14593913,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Paulc83,"The bones of the classic RPG remain in this 'enhanced' version, however terrible new dialogue and a complete removal of any balance in combat make it impossible to recommend. Stick to the original version."
76561198025453930,Not Recommended,228280,9984658,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Carthian.DM,"Do not buy this game, it is a waste of money considering it is buggy and broken. I want a refund of my 20 dollars but steam doesn't do refunds and beamdog seems completely useless so far, as far as having any solution to my issues. I repeat, do not waste your money on this game. If you can find a way to get a hold of the original baldur's gate just do that because that one actually worked.Thanks for screwing me beamdog, I really appreciate you taking my 20 dollars for a 15 year old game that is buggy as all hell. I want my damn money back."
76561198028159127,Not Recommended,228280,15519901,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Veki,"Baldur's Gate is a great classic game that any old school or modern RPG fan should play. This enhanced edition on the other hand is not. It does almost nothing to improve on the original. The graphics are slightly imporved, and you get a pointless option to zoom in and out. All that for a bugggy version of a game that did not need to be enhanced. I would suggest you play the original."
76561198103651772,Not Recommended,228280,16052141,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Vigi React,I know this will sound petty. I don't care. The journal is glitched/♥♥♥♥ed/ruined and it completely turned me off of this remake. I couldn't bear it anymore by the time I got to Ulgoth's Beard.
,Not Recommended,228280,28088056,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"I adored the originalBaldur's Gate. I played it for at least a hundred hours. Along with the other Infinity Engine games, it was among the best of their kind, and set the tune for what a PC RPG was for a decade.I got this game planning to give it a thumbs up without even playing it (and many others have done just that.) But above all else, I must be honest in my reviews. I can't imagine actually playing through this game today, with its clumsy, backward design.But I'm not rating this game while living in the timeBaldur's Gatewas originally released. It's been over twenty years,and it shows. We've learned a lot about UI and ""User Experience"" since then, and to charge more than a few dollars without doing some serious reconstructive work is asking too much.The ""enhancements"" are only the absolute bare minimum required to make the game acceptable by today's standards, and those are the standards I'm obliged to use since the game is for salenow. The superficial changes (such as being able to choose higher resolutions) don't impress me. At $40 (the asking price at the time of writing), I would expect at a minimum for the game to have a redesigned UI.It may have been state-of-the-art when I was a lad, but ultimately sweet nostalgia is all I could wring from this game - a game that had its day long ago. The sun has set on that day, and nostalgia is free. So do yourself a favor and spring for something newer.Pillars of Eternityis a modern spiritual successor toBaldur's Gate, and at time of writing they are even similarly priced."
76561198099646735,Not Recommended,228280,22322913,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RegMonkey,Hard to play.
76561197980828688,Recommended,228280,23698015,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Izex,If you enjoy D&D type games then you will enjoy this.
,Recommended,228280,20329916,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Crowzer,Simply one the best RPG of all time (speaking of the original version). The E.E add some nice features and bring the legend back.
,Recommended,228280,23800916,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LeberMac,"Hey it's Baldur's Gate all over again, but with enhancements that make it not-so-clunky to play in 2016. Same old storyline but with all of the added enhancements, characters, mods, etc. that make this the ""standard"" for computer D&D gaming. A far better experience than the original.  Highly Recommended - 9/10 - bonus points for nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,228280,34030525,Posted: 4 August,all,Scott Summers,They updated it for some reason since I last played. It worked perfectly before. Now the game is broken. It bugs out for a number of my friends. Combat can break. I mean break. You can get into game breaking glitches where neither you nor the enemy can hit one another. It's so buggy now and ffrustrating if you put a lot of time into it pre-version 1.5 xpac patch. The game is unplayable now and I don't know why this happened. Sad about it. Love the series. Pleas fix it if you could.
76561198008783971,Recommended,228280,22774312,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,NotJack,"This game is fantastic. The story is good and the characters are fantastic and the combat gets really deep and interesting, basically allowing you to play any way you want.If you have ever seen the ""Extra Credits"" youtube video about Dark Souls II allowing players to decide their difficulty with in game choices, like melee greater difficulty than magic, that is what Baldur's Gate is like. You can go full out power gamer and try to min/max everything and get the best out of everything, or just play how you want with terrible party compositions and a more role play focus. I mean, there are the standard difficulty options of 'easy', 'normal', etc. but how you play the game can make it much harder or easier too, which I appreciate.This game took me years to get into, I'll admit that. I just kept restarting changing classes and decisions I'd make. It felt like such a hard and inaccessible game - which in many ways it is, it demands a lot of you in terms of learning how to play. But, after years of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempts and finally actually getting into the walls of Baldur's Gate, it feels pretty good man."
76561198019910044,Not Recommended,228280,24895633,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ackranome,The game is great (at least what I remember decades ago) to bad it doesn't work.Don't bother buying this as it likely won't work on your machine.  Crash Gate.
76561198087096022,Recommended,228280,23662333,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Duke of New York,The most defining game of the start of a generation.  All other modern games pale to the scope of the Baldur's Gate series as a whole
76561198132547550,Not Recommended,228280,17246820,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,azurehughes,"This is just not a good game i gave the original many chances and this one several and it always fails to impress.The game is just too hard and not in a good way.Good games that are known for being hard all have one thing in common, they're hard but they are also fair. hard games punish you mercilessly, but the good ones only do so when you make a mistake. This game isnt so much challenging as it is annoying. As someone who has played DnD 2nd before  I knew enough about its convoluted mechanics to get by, or so i thought, This game is not in any way a faithful representation of DnD no matter which version. This game feels like playing a campaign with a DM who is both terribly sadistic and incredibly stupid. you encounter horde after horde of enemies and their hit rolls are so absurdly high and for you the opposite is true.  your magic is almosy compltetely ineffective against any strong enemy, they nearly always make a saving throw, so any hold, charm, or cripple spell is worthless, sure you can trap a bunch of goblins in a web,or stinkign cloud but why  would you? and god forbid you deign to think the spells will work against anything even slightly stronger.All of this would be tolerable if the roleplaying were not so nonexistant. The story is doled out in meager portions, and what is there is not terribly compelling. sure im the child of a god but i just got one shotted by a kobold archer.The npcs they added are frankly just corny. The person who wrote for neera must have sincerely thought she was funny. but getting my entire party magic missiled to death by a bunch of mages so i can have a mage join that regularly summons cows or fireballs herself isntead of casting armor. the others frankly are even worse having a monk in your party when your level cap is around 7 or 8 is a terrible idea, the blackguard is a walking cliche, and the writing for the new content in general is quite amateurish.All in all i cannot recommend this game nothing has changed with this new version. Some minor graphical upgrades and nothing else. the game is too frustrating in combat, and the plot is just not interesting enough to motivate me."
76561198005958992,Not Recommended,228280,17911290,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Chronolord,"I wish I could give this game a good review. I'm sure it is worthy of it, but I can't say. For some reason, this game induces painful migranes. Wish I knew why. Wish I qualified for a refund."
76561198029703178,Recommended,228280,23395612,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,cmoidudu,"One of my all-times favorite, probably the only franchise that respect the spirit of the very old AD&D rule set.However, I understand that the turn-by-turn game mechanics are not really fitted for today's players who want to shoot and destroy... but you can always hit ""pause"" on that one, and then do something else when you have to.Also it's a nice game for people like me, who gets sick when playing first-person shooters (FPS)."
76561198029410539,Not Recommended,228280,31311730,Posted: 22 April,all,InvisibleKnightGarlon,"There are free mods out there that do everything the Enhanced Edition does, and do it better as well. There's not really any reason for you to be paying extra for the ""Enhanced"" Edition when it fails to improve upon the original version in any meaningful way."
,Not Recommended,228280,11579140,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,why didnt i buy bg2ee
,Recommended,228280,23374936,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sunshine Rain,"REVIEW UPDATE:GOOD NEWS!!!:As of v 2.3, you can now get the achievement ""In the Name of the Father"", although the ""you chose poorly"" and ""grim deeds to come"" cheevos are still bugged and unachievable...Come on Beamdog, only 2 more cheevos to fix, YOU CAN DO EET!!!Seriously, I'm begging here... PLEASE let me 100% this game achievement-wise, PLEASE!!!!!!!*dramatic <HEADDESK>*PREVIOUS:This game used to be the be-all and end-all to me... the best game of its time!  (when played with TuTu mod and BG2 with extended ending and Edwin romance) However, the achievements kind of ruined it for me...  WAAAY WAAAY too many achievements, they're OVER 9,000!!!  (129)Seriously... WHY DO I GET AN ACHIEVEMENT FOR KILLING THIS GAME'S VERSION OF JAR JAR BINKS!?!? (Noober in Dragonspear)Also, at least 3 achievements are still glitched and unobtainable...I do recommend this game, but only barely... it is a pale, sickly shadow of what it once was!  Maybe some of that is nostalgia talking, but not all of it!  Not by a long shot...Here's the list of pros and cons as I see it currently (6 pros, 8 cons):Pros:1. game 1 of possibly the best D&D-style videogame series of all time!2. Explore the Forgotten Realms, and discover if you have the skills to beat Drizzt Do'Urden!3. Achievements (sort of, at least they exist)4. Plenty of mods everywhere on the web with more content! (best content is for Baldur's Gate 2 tho)5. EE Keeper exists, to help speed up otherwise useless achievement runs and generally help you to not have to replay the whole game if you forgot to grab the pantaloons waaaay back in BG 1...   T_T6. Siege of Dragonspear DLC, finally an answer to what happened between BG 1 and BG 2!Cons:1. It lacks trading cards...2. it's 2e D&D, or rather their own version of 2e D&D... bleh3. Achievements:  WAAAY too many... an achievement to kill that annoyance, Noober?  REALLY?4. Achievements: They lumped Siege of Dragonspear's cheevo's in with BG1's cheevos... which is why there's 129 of them... only 61 in vanilla BG1!  (only, ya right...)5. Achievements:  Currently, 3 achievements are bugged and unachievable (as of 2.2):In The Name of the Father (tell priestess of bhaal to murder and whatnot after freeing her),You Chose Poorly (bet a party member's soul on a riddle match and lose), andGrim Deeds to Come (get ambushed outside of Baldur's Gate after sneaking out [pretty much the ""beating Dragonspear"" achievement])Yep, have fun with an imcomplete 126/129 on the game, until Beamdog eventually gets around to fixing it!6. This game is old... like really old!  Seriously, this game is ancient!  It was released in 1998! (not really a con, but throwing it in there, some people might care... not really that old either, but it is compared to what's out now.)7. EE Keeper exists (yes, I know it's also in the pros, but cheaters will abuse this, making it hard to feel accomplished when bragging about beating Insane Difficulty)8. In the same vein as #7, the Command Console comes automatically fully enabled, and is ridiculously simple and easy to use... legit players of this game will cry tears as the cheaters abuse these 2 things thoroughly!"
,Recommended,228280,23227394,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,monte_22,"I finally played the first part and beat it.  After all these years.  I am so happy right now.  Course now i must get the Siege and BG2 etc.  So much fun doing this again.  I have the game boxes from way back when I bought them.  I just had so much going on that kept me from being able to play.  The wonderful thing about this game is you can jump right in and find yourself drawn into the story.  I love the new characters too.  Dorn, while a little naughty and evil.....is perhaps my favorite.  He stood by my character the whole time, even when I went all lawful good in rep.  Ugh.  haha!  This game is must!  And playing a different character does actually change the story for you.  Your reactions are different.  My next play is a mage thief i think.  Definitely add this to your game library."
,Recommended,228280,23419733,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"I have played this game when I was a kid, enjoyed the mechanics, but understand nothing about the story. So I decided to pick this up and play it again. Boy was I happy. This game brought so many memories and this time I understood the story. A must have if you like the classic Baldur's Gate. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,228280,33267875,Posted: 5 July,all,uncolober,"The whole thing is not unenjoyable with the right mindset, but it's far from good. My biggest annoyance is that 2/3 in it inexplicably turns into a jrpg-ish railroad—the plot even starts to teleport you around instead of letting you explore,—and yet it keeps the bare-bones story and random difficulty curve of an open-world game."
76561198319129348,Recommended,228280,24939590,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,AtaCignus,Makes me come back 20 years and it is still a blast. Very well adapted. very nice new expansion. having a blast
76561198007784750,Recommended,228280,25668251,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,(OTG)tonyhsloanejr(Gae'len Fade,"This is AD&D at its finest. Nothing is watered down and there are a myriad of character choices and custimization options. If you like RPGs that let you make any chracter you want and play any way you want then this is for you.They don't make games like this anymore Divinity OS is good but still doesnt come close to how deep AD&D is. Seriously just look up the spells, feats and classes for this and many other D&D games like BG. Even crazier is the tabletop version is even deeper and makes the pc rpgs look watered down lol.Bottom line get this game."
76561198036517048,Recommended,228280,26602047,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jim Nacho,"Nostalgia, nostalgia, nostalgia.Was a great game and still is. Can still compete with loads of modern games."
76561198051546064,Recommended,228280,19536843,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Yamantaka,"One of the best RPGs of all time.When it was first released, I did not like the pause-turn style of RPG and I didn't like Baldurs Gate at first. I have since realized that this is one of the most satisfying, engrossing RPGs, that I believe would be a good recommend for someone who does not normally like RPGs. There is excellent characters, storytelling and gameplay. Its a mystery why there are not as many RPGs that can successfully write a truly compelling adventure."
76561197999125315,Recommended,228280,17930213,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bors de Ganis,"""My review is clean as an elven♥♥♥♥♥♥"" There's not a lot ot say about this franchise that hasn't already been said. Simply put, this series is one of the best examples of when western rpgs finally started to truly compete and surpass jrpgs. If you are under the age of 30, love rpgs, and are interested in seeing the history of video games preserved you simply MUST give this game a chance. It's not perfect, but it does so many things right for the genre it's a crime that there are people going into game design who have never played it.Pros:-Minsc, you'll understand when you play the game-Fun story to play through with voice talent ranging from fantastic to meh-New content, classes, party members, etc. over the original game add TONS of replayability-If people support projects like this more and more developers might be willing to go back and restore their old games to make them available for the modern audienceCons:-Graphical barrier to entry might be a little high for some but the art design is good enough you can overcome that (You whipper snappers and your photo realistic graphics! In my day you had to make due with only one pixel and you liked it!)-Combat is a little dated and it's not always obvious what decisions you make are really changing things (a lot of stuff goes on under the hood as it were for better or worse)-Minsc can die forever if you aren't careful"
,Recommended,228280,8700665,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,"This was a good game, but the enhanced edition has things that might not neccesarily be considered an enhancement."
,Recommended,228280,12917958,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nevarine,"Very Obtuse and overly complicated menu/spell/battle system ruins what is probably a really good game. I love turn based isometric games like fallout and such but this game is just too complicated. I literally cant figure my way past the first tutorial battle. The other thing is that this game does not appear to actually be turn based as the only way to pause the action is to press the space bar, otherwise the critters will just keep pummeling your party why you desperately try to get a spell going.I recognize that there are legions of fans for this game and I have played real paper and pencil D&D myself, but I tend to hate on games with a extreme learning curve. Not fun.If you like spending hours trying to figure out basic gameplay then this title is perfect..................................................................................................................................................................UPDATE:You know I could just erase my original review, but I will let it stand as it was a honest first impression. I have since forced myself to go back and learn the system. I actually watched a dude on youtube go thru it and explain the basics. I wouldn't say its my cup of tea but then again its getting better as I play it.So those who don't know these type of games. You really gotta hang in there. For the record I still don't like the pause/command system compared to the real turn based combat of Fallout, and yes I spent a hour to learn this game lolChanging my no to a yes."
76561197968372945,Recommended,228280,19019694,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Drooly,Simply the best RPG...... until BGII came along of course
76561197966520926,Recommended,228280,20419468,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Caupo,"Baldur's Gate, along with it's sequel and Icewind Dales series, is one of the greatest games ever made and Enhanced Edition is a must if you want to replay this great game on your brand new PC. Also it features a small amount of new content."
,Recommended,228280,8721170,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ridwan,"Hard as hell, but probably one of the best RPG's ever. Be aware though, it follows DnD rules so some basic knowledge helps."
76561198001271315,Not Recommended,228280,31385729,Posted: 26 April,all,MangoMovement,Multiplayer doesnt work!!!!!
,Recommended,228280,24390133,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,webkahve,"Aged but still brilliant classic RPG. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition and the expansion has plenty of tweaks, widescreen support, higher resolution textures and improved spell animations to enhance experience for HD screens."
,Recommended,228280,24357330,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Superboy,"When thinking of a game to play that relates to the mechanics of D&D 2nd Edition, and the lore of the Forgotten Realms, Baldurs Gate comes to one's mind first most of the time. This game offers a wonderful RPG experience to anyone new and old veterans, and despite the amount of negative reviews over bug issues, I still consider it to be very playable. I've just bought it recently and played through the whole story, and I've never met any annoying bugs at all. (Except for one where Minsc wouldn't listen to my commands for one time.) So to conclude this review, I'd say that Baldur's Gate EE is still a good buy for any D&D and RPG players out there."
76561198006167184,Recommended,228280,18561580,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Cerandal,"Clearly a must-have, though maybe not at this price. You get one of the best RPGs ever made, with some tweaks and extra characters and scenarios. You won't regret playing it.Pros+ Tons of characters that you can add to your team, including a few that weren't in the original game+ Big world to explore, many adventures to live, different ways to approach every situation+ Amazing plot, one of the best RPGs out there+ Character customization+ Enough content for hours and hours of gameplay+ Deadly hamstersCons- Though a big fans of these games, I still think D&D system doesn't work really well here, it's more suited for pen and paper- Can be really challenging sometimes, especially if you're not used to the game system behind it- Formation sucks, or maybe I do... couldn't make the archers and casters stay behind unless I controlled them apart from the rest of the group all the time!- You can't play as Boo"
,Recommended,228280,26574162,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Perrind,"Such a beautiful, in-depth game. I have fond memories as a child playing this game with my Dad and brother, and it's amzing I get to enjoy it almost 20 years later again.Do yourself a favor and buy this game. Right now. And buy copies for all of your friends."
,Recommended,228280,28116229,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,YubYub,"Dispite the ""enhanced edition"" not adding much compared to alternative expansions... Baldurs Gate is a game i come back to play over and over again because of how well the game is made. Lots of story, lots of variety in character building, The difficulty scales well and punishes just the right amount.This game endlessly surprises me how much I get drawn into the stories, and how much more engaging it makes the battles in between."
,Recommended,228280,26510919,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Agent Tasmania,Talking to cow does not enter 'moo' in dialogue box. 2 stars.
,Recommended,228280,8263898,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Pagan,"For hardcore BG serial player, I recommend it, for new players, not recommended. Basically it can be regarded as a mod to BG Tutu and lots of its ideas and fixed come from unofficial BG2 patch. But even after the first big patch, it is still bugged. BTW. don't switch to Chinese language, the translation is amateurish and display is bugged. The quests of the new joinable characters are fine though lack of deeper interaction such as romance. New introduced items and mechanism such as stacking are fine too though not properly balanced."
76561197969232791,Recommended,228280,7674615,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Scytale,"Its Baldur's Gate made playable on modern machines. Don't expect anything more.Everything is the same, only it fits on modern monitors. That's basically it.So if you loved the first game and want to give it another go, then here it is. If you missed it the first time round then go play Dragon Age instead."
,Recommended,228280,8257113,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,HighPlains Drifter,"One of the greatest RPGs ever made. Rough around the edges due to it's age, but at the same time still setting the standard for story telling and character development."
,Recommended,228280,10996161,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Michael M.,"The Baldur's Gate series is the definitive, unassailable masterpiece of the RPG genre which remains to this day utterly untouched by the many thousands of pretenders to its mighty throne. You think you know something about RPG's? You think you've played the best there is? Not until you've played this. All hail the king."
76561198171871474,Recommended,228280,20376049,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,jjkovo,"I had this game back in the day when it originally came out and was very happy to see the enhanced edition on Steam! I recommend this game for anyone who played and loved some of the earlier edition rules of D&D.Pros for the game - great story and gameplay, can really suck you in! I love the old Advanced D&D system and found this to be the best game adaptation of said system.My only complaint with the game is that movement can be a bit clunky and the fights get out of control if you don't pause and plan - took me a few fights to get back used to it!Overall its a great game to waste away an afternoon!"
76561197993205393,Recommended,228280,9413175,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,redfangs94,Classic rpg
,Recommended,228280,17363160,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,oygn,A real time maschine.
76561197990808545,Recommended,228280,20011456,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BakasBeware,Classic RPG. Not for the faint of heart or one lacking in patience.
,Recommended,228280,9092048,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,eg,Play this game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069785802,Recommended,228280,9964337,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,SlayerShaados,One of the best RPGs of all time.
,Recommended,228280,24379445,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Cheesecake,Do you like hotels that are as clean as an Elven♥♥♥♥♥♥This is for you
,Recommended,228280,1168206,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Vichan,I can definitely recommend this for people who have never played Baldur's Gate before but veterans might be better off with the (modded) original. It's definitely a must-buy during a Steam Sale.
76561197962371632,Recommended,228280,20443430,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Simos,Great game!
,Not Recommended,228280,22791853,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lyr,"I've played Baldur's Gate more than any other game in my life, even back before Tales of the Sword Coast where you had to swap between the five CD's if you wanted to travel around the map. Among my fondest memories, the BG series always gives me great pleasure, so I cannot in good conscience accept what Beamdog and their putrid claws has turned this beloved franchise into, part of the culture war where even beeing a ""cis white male"" is wrong. Eventhough the ones buying this game are usually white males. Do not buy this game and do not support Beamdog as they have clearly shown that crappy writing is perfectly exusable as long as you make it serve diversity, forcibly if possible. In a world of orcs, goblins, dragons, monsters, magic and divine, earthshattering prophecies unfolding, it's still more important to inject social commentary because thats how SJW's can make themselves look good."
76561198040446179,Recommended,228280,25704785,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bullshit,Awesome classic. I really am enjoying plaing this amazing throwback. I hope they keep adding content this good. If they do I'll definitely be back for more.
76561198041438834,Recommended,228280,34252719,Posted: 15 August,all,BigEvil,this game is a lot of fun especially if you're a fan of D&D
76561198141262683,Recommended,228280,26236831,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Golly Gee Willikers,Best
,Recommended,228280,8278300,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ignat Vasstanija,Thanks to this nice renovation I managed at last to play the first part of the all-time masterpiece.
76561198027023146,Recommended,228280,8288332,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,PhenomenL,"I played this game over 10 years ago and loved it as much then as I do now. It still feels like the same game, with better graphics, a few new game mechanics, new items, characters and overall a great game! If you like D&D or RPG games, get Baldur's Gate!"
,Recommended,228280,20673349,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LjBlade,"Start Baldur's Gate, spend an hour and a half just creating my character. Make badass tough male barbarian, get past the prologue and start exploring. Travel for a couple of days in-game, come across a couple of Ogres and fight to the death, lose 2 party members. Find a couple of magical belts *score*. Try on the first one *Cold Resistance*, awesome. Try on the other belt, *badass male barbarian becomes a badass female barbarian*. Well♥♥♥♥♥♥... Figure I'll make do with it, and keep travelling. Come across another female character who approaches me wanting to test her strength and skill and that I should select someone out of my party to fight her 1v1. Move other party members and send in badass barbarian chick ""A woman is not a good enough test for me"" and then she walks off...10/10 would tell to go ♥♥♥♥ herself again."
,Recommended,228280,8315395,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Trusty Patches [LoEF],I've played through this game countless times and still love it every time. For me it is a must own for any RPG fan.
76561197967618179,Recommended,228280,8424208,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,EnragedYouth85,"The game is as good as I remember! Love these type of games, Wish the company was never bought out! Highly recommend it!"
76561198006591337,Recommended,228280,8467965,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tyfenrion (FIN),"This is a classic RPG that everyone should play, a true gem of gaming history. I truly wish to see Icewind Dale Enhanced Editions as well."
,Recommended,228280,20784012,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Incus,"Play this game if you like butt-kicking for goodness. Some tips: always go for the eyes, and for the love of God, always remember to gather your party before venturing forth! Gameplay is easy, you just have to click and Minsc will do the punching. Have fun!"
76561198053128849,Recommended,228280,7790800,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DiMension,"Old classic enhanced, recommended!!!"
76561197982867317,Recommended,228280,7816412,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,PapaBullsit,"You'd be hard pressed to find a better classic-style RPG than Baldur's Gate.  Despite its age, and one glance will surely date this game badly, the experience, story, and challenge remain top-notch.  Some glitches due mire this conversion and some additional saves will be necessary for safety sake, so be warned.  Also worth noting, long time players will not see much value in this game as the refinements to the games engine and extra content have been perfected by modders long ago.  If you still own the original game, double dipping into this release will probably be unnecessary.  But for those that lost their original discs (like myself) or that have missed this experience for whatever reason, pick this up."
76561198028110465,Recommended,228280,8214690,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dandypunk,Same old Baldur's Gate with some new perks. A must-have! Yep
76561198039257008,Recommended,228280,10385136,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,zdwilloc,Amazing Game
76561198009898342,Recommended,228280,10417911,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Decreamos,Yes??
76561198069603766,Recommended,228280,20588763,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bloody Kuddles,Old but gold
76561198156974243,Recommended,228280,20692237,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,typhoonpc,Just like I remember playing 15 years ago!
,Recommended,228280,7790595,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,delverdd,True classics never get old
,Recommended,228280,8174559,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pistn,"Such a great game. Huge story, massive enviroments, great coop."
76561197971425588,Recommended,228280,8258869,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,r300,"Positive few changes few new characters, beter look but  it's still old great Baldur. LOVE IT !!!"
,Recommended,228280,8259469,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheAngryCheeseburger,"The best RPG game I've ever played, the Wizards of the Coast style of RPG is by far my favourite and one I'd recommend to anybody with an interest in fantasy willing to get behind the sometimes complicated controls."
76561198018854359,Recommended,228280,8273644,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Injured Mul,Absolutely fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! While playing I feel like 13 years ego but with much better graphic.
,Recommended,228280,8290952,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mike,This game is very much like I remember the original being.  It's nice to be able to play this again on a modern computer.
76561198003085273,Recommended,228280,8312202,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tritonius,I remember when I was really in to nostalgia.
,Recommended,228280,8422478,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Esourze™,"Play it, feel it, love it."
,Recommended,228280,9434639,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,killsophia,"In one word, Baldur's Gate Series are not to be missed by any RPG fans."
,Recommended,228280,8313690,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mr. Manifold,"The best D&D computer game out there, well except for BG:II."
,Recommended,228280,8367167,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,pichu,Amazing Party based RPG
,Recommended,228280,8376952,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Benet,"A classic that never goes out of style, now even more stylish!"
,Recommended,228280,18557251,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beefy,An amazing game that really shines in HD.
76561198079304707,Recommended,228280,19690958,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Adin239,
76561197985483054,Recommended,228280,20759237,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dandy,"Very good game, dont let the old graphics put you off as this is a must have rpg."
,Recommended,228280,7789345,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ReaperMan85,I loved this game from the first look. Every rpg fan knows that it's just like one of the best pearls in the rpg game history.
76561198007163565,Recommended,228280,7812178,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,pajsaraf,"Great game, still works, only for hardcore rpg fans."
76561197987782092,Recommended,228280,8204723,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,xXTrashPandaLordXx,"A solid RPG with classic D&D gameplay mechanics and an interesting and engaging narrative, including an unforgettable cast of strange and hillarious characters."
,Recommended,228280,8224202,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Time for Spicy Italian Sausage,awesome geme coz yolo sweg
76561198022304867,Recommended,228280,8227162,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TylerDantes,"Holds up impressively and is surprsingly addictive, an obvious classic"
,Recommended,228280,8243487,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tronting in the USA,One of the best RPGs ever made unless you're enough of a retard to think Skyrim was a good game.Then you should probably stick to Peggle with the rest of the casual ♥♥♥♥knuckles.
76561198080114362,Recommended,228280,8264630,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Penume,Classic. Solid 90's game. Totally slow paced and out of date but heart warming as a post-D&D experience. Cool story. Dungeon crawls and combat take forever and certain parts of this game are super annoying but it's one of my favourites from my youth. Although I prefered the art direction in Icewind Dale.
,Recommended,228280,8268938,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,brandonshapiro,"Amazing game that really is a great tribute to the original 1998 version. Bugs were fixed, character classes updated, the list of improvements goes on. The only disadvantage to be found was the remaking of the cut scenes, I personally prefer the original. Still though, this is arguably one of the best PC games ever made."
76561197998925088,Recommended,228280,8270372,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Auspice,"Absolutely fantastic game. Part of it might be a bit of nostalgia from playing the game many years ago, but it really does capture, as best as is reasonably possible within a video game framework, the magic of a D&D campaign. It's not perfect, but if you can get past what is a slightly dated engine, you'll experience the game that turned BioWare into the ""masters of the western RPG.""The sequel is a better game, but you should really buy and play both. Baldur's Gate 2 in particular really shows how fantastic BioWare was when they were small and had nothing but dreams in their eyes."
76561198068954288,Recommended,228280,8276524,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Quarter,Great Game nothing else to say
,Recommended,228280,8416383,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Moe/Skeptic,"This game is just as awesome today with the re released enhanced edition as it was back in its glory day, This game is a  must have in any RPG collection in my opinion."
,Recommended,228280,16778981,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Irm,graphic iz sheet
,Recommended,228280,16781859,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,testoo7,+1
76561198018744577,Recommended,228280,20798207,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Hanuman.,Absolutely.
76561198006219586,Recommended,228280,18539510,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Washcloth Repairman,One of the greatest RPGs ever made.
76561198028732651,Recommended,228280,20684537,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,icametoparty,"I may have VERY FEW hours put into this game so far, but i've beaten the series on playstation.It's on the list of games to beat, but I have such a long list, i couldnt resist the temptation of trying out the gameplay, and checking out all the new character classes.(There are quite a few new one)It is an EXCELLENT game, very well done with the Enhancements. They changed the whole gameplay entirely, its more of a Command and Conquer, Click Style, Strategy game. Very well done too.The best part about this game, is being able to enjoy the story all over again, with added Characters, and stories/quests.If you expect anything like the old game, (scenery, gameplay, style, graphics) you may be disappointed, but i do reccomend giving it a good try before asking for a refund.It is nothing but an excellent experience playing this, i couldnt imagine a better enhanced edition of this game.I defenitly look forward to playing more of this game in the future!"
76561198052358751,Recommended,228280,13627226,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snoopdigglet | trade.tf,11/5
,Recommended,228280,18091201,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,EnjoyCoke,I'm not good enough to play this :(But I've been told it's great :D
76561198023141293,Recommended,228280,15835379,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nachoguy5,It's Baldur's Gate
76561198073124965,Recommended,228280,18103173,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SpoonyTheBard,"This game is great!I am a dnd vet (though mostly 3rd eddition and pathfinder) and i love rpgs. this game scratches both of those itches. if you enjoy rpgs this is where it started.the game is made by biowars, and they are not excatly in the buisness of making hbad games. the game has excelent dialouge and good charaters and a suprising amount of depth, admittedly i enjoyed the sequel more but if you can get both games."
,Recommended,228280,12839056,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,tact,"Cool to see, feed the genre."
76561198121975294,Recommended,228280,16982367,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,erick,Not a bad game. True to D&D game.
,Recommended,228280,3630584,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,Izzatso?,"Garbage, avoid @ all Cost even under 5 Euro. Bugs, Bugs, Bugs even in the Tutorial Level of Candlekeep are Quests not Working!! (Firebeads Scroll).Buy Instead theGOG.comVersion of BG 1 & 2 and Patch them with the TUTU Mods."
,Not Recommended,228280,23039813,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,我要集齐P社4萌,It's my most stupid expenditure.you are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lazy developer teamJUST GO BROKE！
,Not Recommended,228280,9304619,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,kamaradclimber,"Bad resolution, nearly impossible to change brightness. This enhanced edition does not worth it at all compared to a BG played on BG2 engine"
,Recommended,228280,23027869,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RetrogradeTom,"I was a fan of BG when it came out, and love the Enhanced Edition.  I have finished the entire game plus Tales of the Sword Coast.  The new characters are really cool, and I played from beginning to end with no issues. I also prefer the outlined graphical style, but you can turn if off if you want. I couldn't be happier that Beamdog formed around reviving these games. Great purchase."
,Not Recommended,228280,24492587,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,IR0N,11/10 best home invasion similator on steam...But the new UI is 1/100
,Not Recommended,228280,7876762,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,GOALS DEEP,"Baldurs Gate 1 did not age well at all, even with all the tweaks in this version and the residual lovestalgia I have for it. Go straight to Baldurs Gate 2, because that's still wicked-awesome."
76561198266504190,Not Recommended,228280,23111572,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,smokejaguarsix,"DONT BUY UNTIL THEY GET RID OF THE NEW GRAPHICS!!!I LOVED BG 1 & 2. I played them for hours and hours then went back and played them again. SO when I found out that there were enhanced editions I started playing all over again and fell in love with BG EE.....But then these *&^(@*#^%@'s went and CHANGED the graphics and inserted their personal politics into my favorite game. Now I can't even play it. The new graphics physically make me sick. I'm not kidding. I literally get sick after a very short time. The new graphics are horrid. 2.0 is a travesty. Why did they ruin this amazing game?I paid for this game and without any warning they completely changed the already amazing graphicsinto something absolutely sketchy and horrid looking ruining my experience and making an amazing game unplayable.GO BACK TO THE ORIGINAL GRAPHICS PLEASE!!! I hate these horrible cartoonish colors. Something about these 'updated' (Read =ruined) graphics makes me physically ill. I really want a refund. I cant play the game anymore. I also bought BG2 EE and BG1 EE for my son to play via multi-player and we cant even get the updated 2.0 versions to load on his computer in single player now.Way to go! You ruined these games.Iv'e never heard of a game company deliberately ruining a game before. Apparently, they don't intend to stay in business. Either that or they hate D&D fans and enjoy alienating an entire genre of gamers.Drop the 2.0 and go back to the original game that was working so wonderfully.For those who want the expansion, fine....keep the graphics changes for them but I want my BGEE and BG2EE back the way they were!!! They worked fine before and now they SUCK.Oh, and FYI....I've canceled my plans to buy Icewind Dale EE and refuse to spend even one more dollar on Beamdog products until they give me back the original BGEE graphics. Why buy something I cant play?Changing the graphics from a stable,well recieved, beautifully rendered engine to a shoddy, ugly, unstable, sketchy trainwreck was the worst decision ever in the history of gaming.Oh...and apparently Beamdog has decided to force their politics on Baldurs Gate fans! I don't care about your politics or what your employees do behind their closed doors.Seriously! This is Baldurs Gate. This isn't Liesure Suit Larry's Hottub. We just want toplay the old game on new computers....THAT's ALL!!! Changing beloved characters and adding politically desperate language to please some angry programmer's warped views is unacceptable to the majority of BG fans and the feedback here is ample proof.I guess you guys never went to business school or learned the maxims, ""the customer is always right"" and ""never dump on your core clients.""My monthly game money will go to some other deserving company.  Beamdog apparently doesn't want it. They are too busy telling off customers and messing up time honored, beloved and respected games.Restore the game graphics and functionality or I will never spend money on a Beamdog product again."
,Not Recommended,228280,8258286,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MongoGrubb,"The controls and user interface is rough at best.  I expected more from a game that so many have rated so highly, but it is nigh unto unplayable due to the control scheme and constant pausing/unpausing required.  I would not recommend this game."
76561198133588360,Not Recommended,228280,29523073,Posted: 27 January,all,theodoric476,"There is much to like in this game.  Though Baldur/s gate is about twenty years old in my mind it still holds up. I have a lot of fun playing it.   There are thing to like about the game, like you can now create a whoile party in single player mode.but there still unresolved problens, at least in my game.  For instance if you are playing an Elven Mage/ rogue you do notnhave the ability to cast spells, so in effect you have a rogue that rises more slowly and has fewer hit points,I just rose a claric to third level and to my surprise no second lever spells.  I do not know if this  hols true to msages as well but it might.When my party goes into an inn and rent a room nothing happens.  No time goes by, nobody gets rested and no hip points are restored.   You have to leave town and camp out in the woods for that to happen.When I go into a temple I can not buy anything.  Things and services are there to buy but the 'Buy' button does not work.   You can not buy any potions, and services, like 'Raise Dead.'  That means that if one of your party dies, if you want to keep him you have to refight the battle again.These are only the problems I have noted.  There might be more.  On the other hand no body else have noticed these flaws so that might only occur on my computer.  But until the flaws are removed from my game I can not reccomd the game."
76561198114231675,Not Recommended,228280,8383065,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jdhyatt1,"Horribly buggy.  Enjoyed this game in the original format, but it has not been updated well for current computing platforms.  I still was not able to get the game running well despite time spent reviewing various message boards and trying various fixes.  Save yourself the frustration and buy a different game."
76561197960718675,Not Recommended,228280,9308773,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Tuk,"Worst port ever; doesn't even run... so many graphical issues it's unplayable.Updated all drivers, edited ini files etc... no use"
,Recommended,228280,22432242,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Chairman Kaga,"BGEE - It is probably the future of modding, and it has a lot of ease of installation advantages over the original games.  Buy it, but ignore the new NPCs.  They're badly voice acted and written.Dragonspear - Bad writing and slow progression (you can only gain roughly 2 levels) lead to a really stagnant expansion.  Beamdog has tried to cast people not liking it as hating the Regressive Left politics they crammed into it... and granted, that's hate worthy.  But most people just think they have crap writers.  Avoid."
76561198004740941,Not Recommended,228280,28811374,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MrT,This game has turned into an abomination...
76561198032290185,Not Recommended,228280,28169663,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,dmcdona2,"I loved the Baldur's Gate series (espacially with all the mods) and when Beamdog came out with the expansion I picked it up along with the two enhanced editions, thinking that they would run more smoothly with windows 10.  That turned out to be a big mistake - my original BG runs fine but with the latest patch to the EE the sound no longer works properluy - only the music plays, none of the speech or sound effects play.  The EE was a total waste of money for me - and I can't understand how Beamdog can actually make such an old product worse."
76561198257727801,Not Recommended,228280,19821323,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,smitha1956,"Sadly purchasing Baldur`s Gate: Enhanced Edition, was a mistake. Advertising presented by STEAM  and VALVE, doesn`t tell you whether the game you are purchasing will or will not run on Windows 10. Following the rules and guidelines supplied by Valve, I cannot criticize the Company ... [containing FREE SPEECH] ..."
76561198002588282,Recommended,228280,22410424,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Agoraphobic,"I have played and beaten the original Baldur’s Gate series. As one of my favorite games, I have replayed it several times and am quite familiar with everything. Thus I was excited for the EE series. It has several major issues/bugs; however, overall it is great game.The graphics and GUI are updated, which I find aesthetically pleasing. I especially like within the inventory it shows damage and armor changes when you pick up a piece of gear. The memorization interface is more crisp and modern feeling. The game is as difficult as I remember, but I only play on Core Rules, so I cannot speak about the harder modes.My main complaint about the game are the bugs. One of the biggest, is moving the screen will sometimes cause it to “lock” and it will auto-scroll into a corner and keep it there. The only way to stop it is go into a menu and exit it. This bug makes this game almost unplayable due to the fact you are popping into a menu every few minutes to resolve this bug."
,Not Recommended,228280,25044848,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Euphamia,"Massive issues and bad graphice options.  Not much of a Enhanced edition.   I played the orginal back in the day and BG is a wonderful game.   This ...  EE version is not worht the money.  PLUS.  If you have a laptop and looking for a game to play on a older mechine ""on the go""  this is not it.  It doesnt run on allot of mechines with intergrated graphices chips (laptops and basic pcs)   so  you can wait your money buying this game and it wont work.Its to bad."
76561198011668758,Not Recommended,228280,11971026,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Keego Extremo,"It's a text wall. The poor fact it's low def text and uses multiple poorly chosen colors for the text made this unplayable for me.Just a heads up. It probably is a good game, but worth noting it is an eye swore, literally."
,Not Recommended,228280,13087560,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Obscure,"Baldur's Gate has not aged well. The impenetrably poor 2nd Edition D&D ruleset makes the combat and exploration gameplay a complete chore. The game is left with no merit except for a story that starts incoherent, briefly touches on a mildly interesting conspiracy, and then abruptly ends. A handful of funny jokes and well-voiced companions isn't enough to overcome the shortcomings."
,Not Recommended,228280,13928326,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,RadiantSentinel,"Im sure this ould be an amazing game, if I could play it as the character I created. I created a Fighter/Mage/Cleric with a 91 stat roll, making most of the stat pretty even. However, in the tutorial, it gives me a weapon to equip. The weapon is a dagger. I cannot use daggers. There are no other weapons around that I can equip. Therefore I am stuck, unable to move forward. And it doesnt help that a guy, named after the device that holds up my pants, yelling at me every few seconds to equip the weapon he gave me, when it is quite clear that that is impossible. Screw you belt."
,Not Recommended,228280,14826967,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Thirsty_Beige,"Don't bother, kept crashing, not what I'd call enhanced."
76561198035391503,Recommended,228280,28170224,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lagrie,"Still one of the best crpg/rpg's ever made.i still enjoy this game, every single hour i spend on this beauty is an hour of pure adventure !Love the infinity engine games."
76561198052402298,Not Recommended,228280,15994384,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ⓚiввle Ⓚiттen,"People call this a great experience but to be completely honest, it's overly difficult. Dying as many times as you do in this game is evidence that the game designers didn't understand what they were doing when they built it. I don't feel like a hero when I play this game. And for me, that's a failure on the part of the game designers. Save yourself the headaches, new age players would be better off getting Dragon Age."
76561198039768988,Recommended,228280,13732791,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Coin,"Depressed people with pointy ears in underground dungeons, teenage stalker girls with ironic names, Russian guys with big hammers who want to hurt you and an old creepy guys who keeps popping out of bushes.10/10 would party there again."
76561198028894000,Recommended,228280,22833703,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ray53208,"Enjoyable nostalgic game. Good story, good voice acting. Good for multiple play-throughs."
76561198108115526,Not Recommended,228280,13761980,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,xPepi,"Awful, please don't buy, paid $5, want Steam to remove this garbage from my list of games.This comes from someone who has played them all, starting with the original version of BG"
,Recommended,228280,22407585,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,TheEddietor,"Somehow I find the Legacy of Bhall difficulty unplayable, but the game is still good. Rats having over 50hp are insane, same with all small monsters. Even with amazing Armor Class you are bound to get rekt by the low level mobs rolling crits like crazy (I'm on 18 dex as Figther with 2 skill points in one hand style with Ankheg Plate on). I think that this difficulty should only improve the HP of the monsters, but not that much, not that much of luck. Core AD&D mobs like hobgoblins are squishy and they shouldn't be much tougher than decent hero. Running around with everything on your back to allow your archer to snipe them in 30 shots makes no sense, if you ask me. I will still finish the game on this difficulty, provided you fix the bug with difficulty change without reason. Dying on such difficulty is normal. Makes the game as hard as Dark Souls sometimes."
76561198029890480,Recommended,228280,23174198,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,InfertileMaple,"Baldur's Gate is one of my all-time favorite games. I owned the CD set when I was younger and now the Enhanced Edition. Most of the added content is not as good as the core content of BG1, but it's optional. At least, they improved a few things from the original BG1, for exemple : larger stacks of arrows.If you enjoyed BG1, you will enjoy the enhanced edition."
,Recommended,228280,23214343,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,TheManInMyHead,10/10 If you don't install dragonspear
76561197983241416,Recommended,228280,21031574,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"A classic CRPG that holds up well today.Modern gamers might find the difficulty a little uneven in places- being the first CRPG I really took the time to play through, this game absolutely destroyed me to the point of frustration on multiple occasions- but some preparation and careful planning make it a lot more managable. Stock up on arrows of dispelling!! Brushing up on your AD&D rules would probably help too.The story is simple to follow and a great place to get started on the lore of the world, which overall makes this a great starting point for anyone interested in playing DnD or getting into the genre as a whole. Despite some frustrations I really enjoyed my time with Baldur's Gate, and without a shred of nostalgia."
76561198009291932,Not Recommended,228280,10966576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Woody,Unplayable!!! As soon as it launches goes immediately to a black screen.
76561198052977017,Not Recommended,228280,8998872,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,michaelmac365,I have played many online and solo games over the years and I do not believe that I have ever played a game that more intentionally designed to cheat the players on the dice rolls.
76561197986780274,Recommended,228280,23327994,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,jonzes,"Great game, modernization worked fine for me."
76561198062922439,Recommended,228280,24020743,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,"This is Baldurs gate remastered. If you lied the original you will like it. If you never played it and are in RPGs, do yourself a favor and play it. Great story and gameplay."
76561198117765588,Recommended,228280,25957184,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jjs82x,"191 hours, as of the writing this review.A solid 9/10, in its day.  Even today, many years later, I would give it no less than a 7/10.  I liked it a tad less than IWD (with all of IWD's expansions).  But BG wins in the area of interpersonal relationships/feuds: good party mechanics and excellent writing!PROs:--  Classic D&D rules--  Satisfying RPG mechanics--  Caters to ""party of six""--  Well balanced, but challenging, game play--  Good art and battle effects--  Great story writing--  Enjoyable intra-party social banter--  Good replayabilityCONs:-- Not really a ""con,"" but I would have liked to have seen a larger variety of characters to add to the party; or the abilty to form your party entirely of your own engineered PCs, as you can in IWD."
76561198208463421,Recommended,228280,34071629,Posted: 6 August,all,sephiroth2423,it pretty good.
,Recommended,228280,23624282,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Goddard,Got my favorite game and added Linux support to it.  That deserves a thumbs up from me.
76561198007756344,Recommended,228280,23941388,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ZypreXacuS,I really like the new addition to the Saga.Beamdog did a very good job with this.Hope there is more to come!
76561197972804693,Recommended,228280,23941128,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,UnDeRaTeD,"Remember the original hardcopy release of this game?  With an unfolding sleeve of glossy cardboard containing no less than six (6!) cd-roms?  Installing it took about an hour, and in return you were given around 350 hours of gameplay in one of the first CRPGs that was truly devoted, nay, worshipful of Dungeons & Dragons.  I'm coming for you Sarevok, one kobold at a time..."
76561198006626599,Recommended,228280,28684051,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rasmusfranck,I will never grow tired of this one.
,Recommended,228280,30373449,Posted: 7 March,all,Ainudil,"The classic, enhanced for real. Worth buying even if you own the original."
,Recommended,228280,20800093,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SickTag,A classic and must have.  Now with achievements!!
76561198021421803,Recommended,228280,17395894,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MAK JAZDA,The game is Shrek/10
76561198104351553,Recommended,228280,12713583,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,talengray,Good game.
,Recommended,228280,9903554,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,St.Dingus,THIS GAME DOESNT ♥♥♥♥ING WORK AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Recommended,228280,33307147,Posted: 6 July,all,Mama Sakura,I like to roleplay as Dan Hibiki in this game~ OYAJIIIIIIIIIIIIII!
76561197967760172,Not Recommended,228280,8199193,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Snake-DoC,It's buggy to the point where I want to log off.  I'm not sure this classic can be reserrected unless they can fix the bugs!
76561198065656767,Recommended,228280,25704405,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,maddrax2431,BEST REMAKE EVER
76561197970631972,Not Recommended,228280,29775517,Posted: 7 February,all,biggles,"This game has aged poorly.  Not because of the graphics, which are old school but fine due to a nice art style.  The starting difficulty is way too high for new players.  The tutorial is poorly done.  I could not find the basement and the final item to complete it.  Newsflash developers, tutorial is to help players learn the game, save the challenge for later.  Something is seriously wrong when you have to check online faqs just to get past the tutorial.By all accounts it is great if you somehow manage to get far enough.  I kept getting wiped out even on the easy skill level.Learning curves matter in games.  A good game for folks who have played the original version.  Or for masochists who play games like Dark Souls, another game ruined by sky high difficulty."
76561198027576820,Not Recommended,228280,27557088,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jair,"Latest updates have completely broken this game (and part 2). Thanks for helping me waste my money, steam"
76561198013375367,Not Recommended,228280,28050220,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,IpM,"I was kinda expecting graphics similar to baldurs gate 2 for baldurs gate since this is supposedly the enhanced edition...  If you are aching for a retro game, then this is the full package."
76561197982581918,Recommended,228280,30498840,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,Cool story. Hard game. 8/10
,Recommended,228280,20975514,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vote Nick for Nictator,"For returning players to the franchise, the quality of life updates and the myriad of bug fixes as well as the modernization for newer systems and screen resolutions is a welcome addition for sure. Many of the graphical ""fixes"" however, are not entirely welcome, such as the sprite outlines and the overhead health bars, as they clutter the game, look ugly, and don't fit with the visual style. Fortunately, they are also completely optional and can be disabled, so I can't really mark that against Beamdog. The new characters and quests are surprisingly not terrible, and of course could have been better, but they aren't really a detriment to the game. Rasaad is the only new character that I feel was done poorly. The Black Pits are also a welcome addition to the game. If you want to introduce someone to the franchise, I highly recommend taking them through the Black Pits in co-op to introduce them to the gameplay. The largest boon for fans of the game however, has got to be how the game was ported to the Baldur's Gate II engine, unlocking new spells, subclasses and abilities while also making porting your save between the two games easier than ever. Despite the new additions however, I'd say that I can't fully endorse or recommend the Enhanced Edition for old fans unless they have issues running the original on their current system.For new players, however, I feel that the enhanced edition is more approachable and easier to get into than the original due to the modernizations. If you've never played Baldur's Gate before, I would highly recommend starting here."
76561198056815937,Recommended,228280,21053266,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,employee2-4601,"Calling this game the ""Enhanced Edition"" is something of a misnomer. On the surface there doesn't appear to be much to differentiate it from the original game, besides a few cosmetic differences (someone actually complained about interface now having a blue border!) However, there are a number of changes that, in my opinion, do in fact add to the experience. Some of these, like having your enemy's health status in their tool-tip a la BG2 are very useful (no more fighting tough enemies and wondering if you should save that last magic missile spell or use it and hope it wastes them). I wasn't that impressed with the new content (the Black Pits was fairly boring), though thankfully the new NPCs have been integrated into the storyline without too much jarring (I did use one of them as a means to some quick cash as they came with a couple of goodies that I sold for oodles of GPs).The main advantage of this game over the original (and the old Atari 4-in-1 boxed set I bought a little while ago) is that it runs very well on Windows 7 and despite the old graphics, doesn't feel like a nearly twenty-year-old game. The story is still one of the most engrossing in a game that I've come across; unlike later RPGs, I actually find myself caring when a party member dies (as opposed to Neverwinter Nights).Oh, and let's face it, I'll take any opportunity to spend some time listening to Jim Cummings as Minsc..."
76561198102045024,Recommended,228280,21066957,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Iron_Derkus,This game is a masterpiece and a half. Modern games wish they could be this good and in depth.
,Recommended,228280,21224664,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,All-Day,"Was nice to revisit this classic, with an update."
76561197994785485,Recommended,228280,7811883,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tinman,Classic
76561198065419449,Recommended,228280,8643418,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,RobertoMoz,"I originally did not recommend this game because I was not able to run it on my computer (ATI video card). For reasons other than this game I changed my video card to NVidia and the game now runs in all its former glory from way, way back when I first played it (around late 90's). I must now absolutely recommend it. Regardless of how old this game is, its story line and game play are difficult to match by modern games. Besides, when is the last time you actually had to go on an adventure with a party? I cannot rave enough about Baldur's Gate - only caveat is this: make sure your video card is on the compatible list."
,Recommended,228280,20977795,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Timmeh1333,
,Recommended,228280,21132099,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blade,An improved version of one of the greatest games ever.
,Recommended,228280,8270183,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,W!,Classic. But a touch slow. Still good though.
76561198042289187,Recommended,228280,18893863,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kjarvalur,"I found a Ghoul, married him and ♥♥♥♥ed him in the♥♥♥♥♥Gorax <3"
76561198027020545,Recommended,228280,21021710,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Valk,"Took me a long time to try this game out. As an avid RPG fan for years now I've of course heard about Baldur's Gate and it's impact on the RPG genre, but I never got around to playing it until recently.Just finished the game, and I can say now that I am VERY, VERY happy that I finally did try it. The game is nearly 20 years old now and it has held up extremely well. Great story, interesting characters, interesting locals, and lots of loot and the DnD system to go with it. Just finished the game and now I'm currently downloading Baldur's Gate 2 as I type this. Can't wait to import my character from BG1 and continue the adventure! :D"
,Recommended,228280,21273439,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Futeness,"Haven't beaten the game, but still really like it. GREAT entry level game for this isometric rpg genre.If you are curious about the game, go ahead and try it. Of course you need to know what to expect. Pausing the action to assign tasks to your party, looking for every NPC with a name, and lots of reading. Extensive UI adjustments like auto pause options, character and item highlighs when pressing tab, and adjustable font size seperate from resolution setting mean this game is very flexible and allows you to play comfortably.Only downside is I wish I had bought in bundle. Without Baldur's Gate 2 I can't experience the high level stuff."
76561198027175517,Not Recommended,228280,10602062,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NAKKE,Not recommending to anyone. Bugged and waste of money. I recommend the unofficial mods & addons over this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Not Recommended,228280,9234493,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,GlennRH,"Despite having very fond memories of the original, this is a barely updated 16 year old game. Paying $20 for it seems a bit much."
76561197990451605,Recommended,228280,23026100,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,GreatUncleBaal,"Classic game updated,The original was without doubt one of the best pc games of all time and is still widely played to this day.This updated version has it's problems (now including oppressed virgins)yes there are and have been technical issues,yes all the new stuff isn't perfectBut it's a classic game that has been pretty much faithfully upgraded (it even has trophies now)"
,Not Recommended,228280,23242594,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Neddy,"Note: I returned to this review to update it for clarity.TLDR Version: This game (minus Dragonspear which I did not purchase) is a good purchase for a newbie; Veterans (especially those who are not afraid of the gymnastics necessary to make the originals work on a newer system) don't need to buy.As a prologue: Playing through this game, I encountered multiple bugs which made quests unwinnable and froze the game. This frustration - and my return to the working Baldur's Gate Tutu (If you don't know what that is, you should probably buy this game) - definitely colored my following review.For the Review:This is a good purchase for a person who has never played Baldur's Gate and is willing to play an old-style AD&D (2nd Ed) campaign. It is intense and is probably too much for a person used to modern RPGs.For Veterans: It's cheaper, and more stable, to simply get Baldur's Gate (with Tales of the Sword Coast), and Baldur's Gate 2 (with Throne of Bhaal) and mod them. While I love bioware, and *did* gladly pay again, unless you've never played either of the games and are afraid of the modding scene just avoid this game, it's not worth your time.P.S. The long and the short of it is: If you do not want to do the surgery necessary to mod BG, then I guess this is an acceptable substitute. But the original game, with mods, is superior this one. The game is solid, but buggy, and even with the additional areas and NPC quests, does not feel like a separate outing. Maybe the Siege DLC gives it added clout... but I'm not convinced that this is worth a separate purchase unless you've never played BG before and are uncomfortable with the modding community."
76561198023749627,Not Recommended,228280,12323059,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Neocatzeo,A fairly mediocre remake.  Not worth more than a 5$ bargain.
,Not Recommended,228280,8288024,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,lumrandir,"As a digital DnD embodiment, it's perfect. As a computer role-playing game, it has many flaws. The world is empty, the characters are flat, the storytelling... huh, what's a storytelling? I love difficult and hardcore games, but this one is just too boring and not worth the efforts, though it is classic indeed."
,Not Recommended,228280,8272635,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Angela,zzz
76561198053158659,Not Recommended,228280,8327197,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Orcstronaut,meh
,Not Recommended,228280,10521483,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Squid,"Don't get me wrong, I love Baldur's Gate.Just not theEnhanced Edition.They replace the previously awesome cutscenes with crappy drawings. Crappy.Baldur's Gate is fabulous. Buy it on GOG or something. Just DON'T BUY THE ENHANCED EDITION.You will regret it.Kirk out."
76561198060853307,Not Recommended,228280,7847048,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,lm00lm,poor reflection on a classic series. bought on a crazy sale; would return if I could. not the ad&d fix you are looking for
76561198075148672,Not Recommended,228280,13242592,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,carlsfrog,"This is a lovely old game. It was the first real ""modern"" game I ever played. I loved it! Hatd needing to stick in odd CD's at odd intervals to keep it happy, but it was good.This version, unfortunately, has one fatal flaw. At some point, it will cludge up at a transition point. A border boundary or doorway, and you are stuck. I've played a number of attempts and never got past the Friendly Arms. I can't consider it to be worth the money I paid!"
,Not Recommended,228280,24343965,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,bobfoss79,Very slow.  Nothing like real d and d. Boring.
76561198061625362,Not Recommended,228280,30364576,Posted: 6 March,all,Canad1an,"was able to play a few days, now the game will not start anymore , uninstalled it and reinstalled it , no change....Sucks , pay money for games that dont work properly..."
76561197993848840,Not Recommended,228280,9095483,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,yawn.
76561197963371090,Not Recommended,228280,8266384,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Crimdal,"It's not as good as you remember, just move on and stop living down memory lane."
,Recommended,228280,22467948,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,1L1NC4,"Made a bounty hunter. Picked new Legacy of Bhaal difficulty. Went into a building. Got attacked by assassin. Got dunked on.  Reloaded, set some traps outside.  Baited him out and kited for 2 minutes with a crossbow. This is gonna be tedious, but this is gonna be fun.10/10 traps placedUpdate: Slight update on review, while playing through a few times. I encountered a handful of bugs of varying severity. I took the time to report them on the forums. Within two month they've been fixed. Credit where credit is due, beamdog listens to feedback that's presented reasonably and constructively.My advice, wait a month or two to pick up the game if you're on the fence and don't want to play something that feels like early access, but they are working on it."
76561198192893105,Not Recommended,228280,18904963,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Super Mano,"I was disappointed: I knew the graphic was old style and that wasn't a problem for me but I was expecting a story and characters at the level of Dragon Age but here there are just good or bad guys, everything is very trivial..."
76561198058251957,Recommended,228280,28450206,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Michael,"This review is mainly for the Siege of Dragonspear expansion, rather than the base game.  I felt I had to share my two cents on it because of how much hate it was getting.  The people who are shouting all the nonsense about the writing being poor in SoD are either insane, or are just doing all they can to trash Amber Scott.  There's simply no other explanation than that.I myself am 34 years old, and the fact of the matter is, Baldur's Gate 1 is an old game.  It's a VERY old game.  And lets face it - while the writing and play mechanics were ""decent"" for its time, unmodded it doesn't hold a candle to the writing in most RPG's, let alone modern Bioware titles.  If you think otherwise, you're not being honest with yourself.  It's the nostalgia talking.Beamdog did the best they could with the material they were given, and the honest truth of the matter is, their product turned out to be more impressive than the original title.  Let's not kid ourselves: If this expansion had been released 15 years ago back when the Infinity engine was still popular, it would have received awards.  They took BG1, and bumped it up as close to a modern standard as they possibly could.  The story and presentation are far more intelligently designed than the original, while still staying perfectly true to the established lore - not an easy feat, yet they accomplished it in spades.I can only surmise that all the backlash is coming from social media troll armies - no more, no less.  It's a good expansion with good writing - made for a game that I'm willing to admit is past its prime."
76561198043987666,Recommended,228280,26279697,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,pineapplesauce,great game. great update to the graphics. tons of content.
,Recommended,228280,32692694,Posted: 23 June,all,josh-mountain,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198033126859,Not Recommended,228280,8975843,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,amperflex,"I blew $20 on nostalgia and got this, only to be quickly reminded of how destructively boring AD&D 2nd Edition really is in video games.  I think my record for time awake with this game loaded is about 9 minutes."
,Recommended,228280,23993019,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Captain Ernest,Best game
76561198012393452,Not Recommended,228280,23103168,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Stevo 5000,Do not buy from these SJW feminazi freaks.
76561198031417814,Not Recommended,228280,29279140,Posted: 15 January,all,stephen.c.mcbride,I loved Balder's Gate when I first played it.  But I guess I have become spoiled with the more modern graphics.  I just don't like the quality of the character models.  I am sure the story is still awesome.
,Recommended,228280,20842354,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ImmortalBard,"Excellent Remake of an Epic Game!9/10Pros:-Great story!-Interesting characters!-Great voice acting!-Fun gameplay.-Infinite replay ability.-Excellent soundtrack.Cons:-New content is a very buggy.Verdict: I would definitely recommend this game. Its rich with quality content; a role-player’s dream. It has an awesome modding community which adds lots of great content. In fact I wish the developers of this remake had implemented some of these mods. As far as the new content goes the developers fixed a lot of the bugs from the original game, but added new quests that are rather buggy. They also added a short campaign called the Black Pits which is a lot of fun, but be warned it is quite difficult."
76561198017969833,Recommended,228280,21417341,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Tim,"One of the best true RPG games ever made. My only true negative is that you cannot run.... takes a while to walk everywhere. Other than that, love this gamePlayed many hours of this game when it originally came out. I always wanted to play D&D but most of my friends were not into it. So when I got my hands on this I just loved itNow as the Enhanced edition with a new expansion its even better.I do wish there was more of a character role playing. It seems as there are always 3 options, good, evil, or just trying to make money.Also, the lack of explanation of spells and abilities can be annoying. I had to go online multiple times to get a better explanation of how a spell works or whatever it was. If you have a good understanding of D&D you will probably be ok."
76561198035055955,Recommended,228280,23578049,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,UberGoober,"I know there was a patch recently that messed things up - I think it's been worked out.This game is absolutely the prime example of a role playing game.I don't have much to say except it's worth playing for those who enjoy story, for those who enjoy character progression, for those who enjoy finding and equipping PHAT LOOT, and for those who enjoy strategic combat.You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,228280,23879760,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,cb4n28,"So far, has run great, no issues. Great update of a classic title with new content and some improvements here and there."
,Recommended,228280,4585814,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,bobrodobro,риальне берити пока дешего!
76561198007227242,Recommended,228280,24550977,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BigBadYoda,Boo loves it. Nuff said
,Recommended,228280,34157951,Posted: 10 August,all,Echo,All the beautiful nostalgia.   My favorite RPG storyline series. Play it from start to finish!
76561198082422531,Recommended,228280,25453011,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Daddy Make Big Cummies,eet gude
76561198030546365,Recommended,228280,19907597,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Eisenfell,"Baldur's Gate for then you Like D&D,its crazy rules and the deep lore but not sitting in a Cellar and being a Nerd."
76561198259132468,Recommended,228280,25648095,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,wong15allan,"Just wow! I loved the old one a lot and now that they have made a newer better higher quality one it’s the masterpiece of RPG role playing fans I was ecstatic about jumping back into my thief’s boots and sliding on my dusty leather armour ready to face the danger filled realms again and I was entertained the whole way. It’s also good that they willing to throw in a few more characters to change up the game a little bit from the original, this is above all the best game in my library of games I love just wandering around and finding new and exciting things. Buying this game is the best thing I have bought."
,Recommended,228280,15454979,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rob linguine,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198123588805,Not Recommended,228280,9718832,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,wizardofnapalm,IT CRASH! IT CRASH AND NOT PATCH! NO FIX! NO REFUND! NO BUY UNTIL FIX!
,Not Recommended,228280,33358762,Posted: 7 July,all,Tapewormz,"Multiplayer just doesn't work at all. Even if you open up all the ports that you have to hunt down in the forums for, your friend will never see your game or be able to join it."
,Recommended,228280,25745383,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sol Tiar,Pretty much one of the best games ever made.
76561198052847964,Recommended,228280,21536261,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Malkaviano,"The mark used to measure all RPG games, including BG2 which is the only one that exceeded.Awesome game with a competent implementation on one of the most controvese, complex, gratifing and rewarding game system, the AD&D.Don't loose the chance to play THE GAME that set the mark.I'm going to try the solo mode now, after so many gameplays, just cuz the Pillars of Meiocrity failed to deliver any decent experience and just gave me the taste in the mouth.This game will be replayed, over and over, over the decades.The enhanced version is a very nice rework including very well need UI improvements."
,Recommended,228280,21806400,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Shan,As a Dungeons and Dragons player I loved this game. Loved getting to try out the different classes and cross off all the quests. Hours of game play. Was never able to get the multiplayer working though.
76561198050077373,Recommended,228280,21585216,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,escaperealms,"Old School With Great High end Graphics, This is the Mother of all RPG's. BlackIsle Started this with one of the greatest Storys and adventures in PC game play & this is still the RPG game everybody tries to stand up to when they build an RPG. This is still one great adventure that is never ending. I have played it all the way through more than 200 times and I still discover new things. This was followed by Tails of the Sword Coast & then BG II when it got even bigger and better. Now or comming in 2016 there is a 3rd edition that is set between BG and BGII this game series will last for eons as the best of the best in RPG The Forgotten Realms Sword Coast and dungeon crawling adventuring. I origanally paid over $120.00 for this series and now I bought it for around $10.00 for the first story so I can play on windows 10 Thanks to Steam.I give Baldur's Gate and all the expansions 10 out of 10 and I believe it should be rated even Higher as Best series ever!!!"
76561198208820585,Recommended,228280,21672502,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zandarblade,"Very Awesome game. Like the new Characters Neera the wild mage, and Rasaad the Sun Soul monk."
,Recommended,228280,22259647,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"I understand that there is some controversy surroundingBaldur's Gate: EEand the newly-released expansionSiege of Dragonspear. However, if you're expecting this review to address any of the ongoing nonsense, you're going to be very disappointed. Instead I'm going to focus entirely onBaldur's Gate 1. I've just finished a play-through of the Enhanced Edition, and barring some very minor issues, it was a thoroughly solid experience. I didn't play multiplayer or use mods either, which apparently saved me from a lot of headaches.Moving on...Baldur's Gate is a fine RPG, but it's also an acquired taste. The story is interesting in that you don't get a sense of how high the stakes are, until towards the very end of the game. The vast majority of the game's content is optional. You're either exploring dozens of forests and mountainous regions, or you're in extremely claustrophobic dungeons with narrow hall-ways. In order to progress the story, you have to explore not one but TWO iron-ore mines. There's also a serious kobold problem. The little buggers multiply like rabbits. Durlag's Tower - the prime piece of real estate in theTales of the Sword Coastexpansion - is an annoying slog due to the hundreds of traps. The intro dungeon to Baldur's Gate 2 gets a lot of flack, but I think it's far more compelling than any of BG1's dungeons.BG1 also epitomizes early AD&D. Your chances of survival are incredibly low, and you don't have many options to work with. For example: Mages are far better at debilitating enemy parties rather than nuking them. Pretty much everyone in your party needs a ranged-weapon for the first couple hours. Even then, you'll be lucky to defeat a pack of wolves or a couple ogres. You won't have a chance against beholders, dragons, or anything else that's actually cool. Overall, it's next to impossible to play this game after BG2, it's like going from a phoenix to a duck.But you know what? There's something oddly interesting about the humble beginnings. In a game like BG1, starting off with absolutely nothing can be pretty neat. It really gives players a sense of where they stand in the world, when they have to struggle to deal with seemingly everyday encounters. Upon starting this adventure, you and your party are just a pack of losers, and the quests you take on reflect that. While the real heroes are out saving the Forgotten Realms, you're rescuing cats and resolving disputes among commoners. It's actually refreshing, but I think that's mainly because I've been spoiled by more recent games. You know the kind, where you start of at level ""awesome"" and eventually hit level ""most awesome"". Baldur's Gate 1 was designed to set players up for bigger adventures, and they didn't take any shortcuts. I have to respect that.I also think that the ""world"" of Baldur's Gate consisting mostly of generic forests and mountains helps with the role-playing aspects. There are times when I like to build a party of my own created-characters, and not rely on pre-made NPCs with their own storylines. Sometimes really detailed locations can get in the way of the role-play, because you're expecting to have certain heroes in the party, in order to ""properly"" experience the adventure. There's enough freedom in this game for both styles of partying.The combat can benefit from a lack of options. Winning some encounters can involve tactical positioning, or knowing who to target. Sometimes all it takes is for the mage to be killed, or knowing that a deadily basilisk can be undone with a level one spell. It's sounds so quaint, but I think that understanding the basics is really helpful in the long run. This is something that isn't really communicated in the sequel, partly due to the expectation that you're familiar with BG1 and AD&D. I spent far too much of my time in Amn, relying on summoned polar bears and fire-elementals. Maybe when I get around to playing through Baldur's Gate 2 again, I'll have more confidence in attempting different strategies.The main point I'm trying to get across is that while Baldur's Gate 1 has aged, it has done so with a little grace. It's not quite wine, but it certainly isn't milk. Even the doldrums that are early-level AD&D can be entertaining in the right mindset. The open-nature of the Sword Coast, allows players a lot of freedom to explore at their leisure. You're going to run into some encounters that are most-likely beyond your current abilities, but when you gather the tools or develop the skills necessary to overcome them, then it's pretty rewarding.To its credit, theEnhanced Editionincludes a number of options that mitigate the more annyoing elements of the original game. While I'm not too keen on some additions such as the pop-up journal entries and newer events/characters being fully-voiced, the core game is handled very well.Although, I should mention that I have a Baldur's Gate 1 & 2 box-set, and I have no plans for getting rid of it no matter how Enhanced these Editions get."
76561198068487974,Recommended,228280,7618585,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,WI,Classic.
,Recommended,228280,20818198,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lewd,I play as God and I get to laugh at them haha
,Recommended,228280,8343104,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sir Meatpipe,Baldurs Gate? More like BALLERS GREAT YEAH!
,Recommended,228280,23869433,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SkylarGirl73,"I played the original Baldur's Gate when if first came out years ago.  When the Enhanced Edition came out I was hesitant about picking it up since I've ""been there, done that"" with the original.One day it came on sale and I said, ""what the heck.""It's the same insanely fun game - yet different.  The new characters you can bring to the party, the UI changes, the graphical tweaks all make this a refreshing update.  It's not worth the price of admission, however, unless you can set aside any zealotry you might harbor for the original.  As I said, it's the same game - but it is different.  Hardcore purists will be outraged, perhaps.Overall, I am very pleased that Beamdog brought this classic back to us.  The original was an insane amount of fun and they didn't screw that up.  Maybe I'm not as overly passionate about my classic originals as others, but I still enjoy this game.There are not enough D20 ruleset games to be had.Pros:* Same Baldur's Gate* ""Go for the eyes, Boo!  Go for the eyes!  RAAAAARGH!""* ""Heyya, it's me.  Imoen.""* ""My hotel's as clean as an Elven ar*e.""* Fighter/Mage is still powerfulCons:* The journal is terrible (at least in the update I'm running)* Dynaheir is still useless* Fighter/Mage is still powerful* Some may find the graphics dated (and they are - the game first came to us in 1997)"
,Recommended,228280,22476209,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Wywernywin,"The original was one of the best RPGs ever made. The enhanced edition simply enhances the experience. Lots of people have complained about the latest patch, and how the UI changes are less intuitive, especially the journal. This is simply a matter of opinion - I simply love the new look, and actually bother to use the journal now. In the past the journal was but a jumbled mess of notes here and there.The game is relatively cheap, and is one of those games every self-respecting gamers should play. Try it now."
,Recommended,228280,22288955,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mistico,"Hooked once again, 18 years later.I bought the original game in 1998 and totally loved it (played it hundreds of hours).I bought the enhanced edition in 2016 (so I did not encounter all the bugs from the 2012 release) and loved it again (played it hundreds of hours).If you love RPG's, you'll love Baldur's Gate.If you loved it back in 1998, you'll love it a little more, because now it has all the improvements of BG2! And the new Quick Loot feature is priceless.This one is a tried-n-true timeless classic."
76561198010786164,Not Recommended,228280,9557339,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Trapper Keeper,The enhanced part is how much it doesn't work.
76561197980046433,Not Recommended,228280,7826364,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kernel Mustafa,This game is too slow. I couldn't get into it.
76561197971507347,Not Recommended,228280,9755407,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,shaggydawg,i cant get it to play =(
,Recommended,228280,18374681,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,LightofErebus,What I liked about this game:  This game!What I disliked about this game:  Hmmm... Emm... Well... It kinda ended a little sharply.Do I recommend it to others?  No. Awesomeness belongs to me and me alone! (Is this a serious question?)
,Recommended,228280,22317204,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jadeia,Been playing this game for 18 years now and still loving it.
,Not Recommended,228280,14510183,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,o2sandman,The worst RPG i played ever
76561198127029759,Recommended,228280,15907853,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mitchell Moe,I asked one of my female friends how her day was going.She responded: Chaotic Neutral
76561198047794545,Not Recommended,228280,13064890,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lairdruari,"Throughout my gaming years I've owned several copies of BG. I have yet to go a complete playthrough. I have owned and played the original Icewind Dale and Myth Drannor games when they were new and cutting edge. BG just slipped through the cracks, so I've always wanted to complete my quest through all the BG series. My problem has always been and still is the dated game mechanics. When I installed BG enhanced I was expecting graphical improvements that made the game playable enough to be a trek down nostalgia lane in old school D&D gaming. I've been a huge fan of the Neverwinter Nights series since it's orginal release and I was looking forward to finally having a go at BG. I just cannot seem to get beyond the very dated game graphics and mechanics even when ""enhanced"". I fully expected the experience of Icewind Dale or Myth Drannor type mechanics, but after years of playing NWN 2 and newer games like Dragon Age, etc. I have become accustomed to the more immersive experience of the newer games. I find myself constantly wanting to zoom the camera as well as rotate it for a better view. Disappointing. For me going back now is more like playing Atari Pong when I am used to rich CGI gaming. I find even revisiting NWN 2 to fall into this area now. If this will not bother you then by all means enjoy BG!"
76561198030940757,Recommended,228280,21398362,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tiims,"Loved it all over again.  The pits add a fun, relatively quick way to test out character combos."
76561198057180807,Not Recommended,228280,28916301,Posted: 1 January,all,Grey.Nightshade,This title as well as Balders Gate 2 and Icewind Dale does not have sound.  This seems to be an ongoing problem with many users that has not been properly resolved by the developer.  I will also be requesting refunds for this and the other two titles as I don't believe in supporting developers who do not support their product..NOT RECOMMENDED
,Not Recommended,228280,16958089,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,tghis game tries to be hard core but it fails becase its boring hahawould not recommend since there are way beter crgps like dragon age inquisition and SKYRIM
76561198064539315,Recommended,228280,23098048,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,egschooley,still a fun game. Save often.
76561198009667407,Recommended,228280,22573780,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Firebead Elvenhair,"This is a review of BG:EE without the DLC.First and foremost, the original Baldur's Gate is a monument of RPG that withstood the test of time because of brilliant storytelling and mostly accurate D&D ruleset (2nd edition, which in essence is the same as every D&D standard ruleset ever).If you never played Baldur's Gate and want to try a classic RPG, do not hesitate and get it. A game that stood proud for nearly 20 years with nice graphics (because of the isometric 3D) is a no brainer.Then Enhanced Edition added compatibility for linux, steam, easier access to modding and some content in the form of additionnal characters with their own sidequests (some very good, some just ok). There is also an arena-style additionnal short campaign, but it's mostly irrelevant (it's nice that it's there. Some fun dialogue options but nearly 0 story element). So, all is fine and dandy.However, when the extension Siege of Dragonspear launched, the game was updated to 2.0 (and 2.1 shortly after). This update consisted in an engine/UI update. Now that thing are settled a bit, I will say thatthe game lost a bit in charm but gained a bit in modernity:-: health bars are modern and usefull, but damn they are ugly.-: contextual info can be globalized, but damn it's ugly now.-: inventory hasmoarstats, but damn is it... no actually it is still nice. Still uglier than before though ;)-: spellbooks are still buggy and terribly ugly.-: character info sheet is definitely better than before.-: cancel/confirm buttons are inconsistently placed, which is disorienting at first. But you get used to it after 5-10 hours.Overall, all this is minor details though.Sadly, there is a bit more. 2.0 / 2.1 made several mods incompatible with the game. For a game which is nearly 20 years old, this means that a fair share of old mods may never work again with the game which nullifies a major selling point of the enhanced edition.Additionnally, multiplayer is having major gamebreaking issues.For now, you should consider this game as soloplayer only.I think most players would play solo anyway, but it's always a shame to see a neat functionnality broken in one day just like that.To sum it up:-:Grandiose RPG who stands proudly among the giants of RPG: Dragon Age, Fallout, The Witcher, Oblivion, FF VI... If you like RPG and don't know it: get it. No questions asked.-: The enhanced edition tag is worth some quests, compatibility and steam access. Minor UI changes (slightly negative overall, but details are details).-:Huge red flag risen for Beamdog developpersfor breaking multiplayer, breaking some mods, unfortunate art design choices (sadly for them, BG was an extremely polished game so the smallest mistake just jumps out at you and gnaw your eyes out faster than any hamster ever will) and questionable conduct toward community of players (just trust me on that. Don't open the can of mutated carrion crawlers)."
76561197997400531,Recommended,228280,22865258,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Phungus,"I remember playing the original Baldur's Gate on my old Packard Bell way back in high school, so when I saw this Enhanced edition on sale for just $5 I had to jump on it. 31 hours of playtime later, I finished it again. I thought this was an excellent update to the original and included some nice graphical enhancements that makes it look and work better on a modern PC.The ONLY bugs I encountered were with the journal system, as it did not always update correctly. This made completing some quests difficult because it wouldn't show you the last bit of text telling you where to go or who to speak with. Luckily, there are plenty of online resources to help with this sort of thing so it wasn't such a big deal.In the end, is it worth picking up? Absolutely! It's still one of the best RPG's ever made and the sheer diversity of gameplay make it rather amazing. With the combination of spells and abilities, you have so many different options as to how to approach battles and it's definitely way more than just another Diablo-like click-and-kill kind of game. It really helps if you've played D&D before and know a little about the classes and their abilities."
76561198231938104,Not Recommended,228280,29287058,Posted: 15 January,all,I'm Funny I Swear,"Spent 3 hours creating a party of 5 with detailed biographies. Start the game ""to hell with your biographies heres your REAL backstory"". Get out of the starting area ""the hell with your party"" the game then dumps 3 NPC's with terrible woice acting on me. I googled whether I should use these NPC's and it turns out most of the actual roleplaying comes from character interaction and not from missions. Starting areas are filled with op enemies designed to make you load save after save hoping to get a good role. Glad I bought this on sale."
,Recommended,228280,22403715,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,warrmoon,Reminds me of DnD in the best way.
,Recommended,228280,22392567,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,theBwt,"New Interface is way better on higher resolutions. A few bugs, but didn't see showstopper to me. I imagine they'll get them all fixed soon."
,Recommended,228280,22713498,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sven_2814,"I had never played this before. I'd heard friends talk about it, and I love the Dragon Age games, so I finally decided to give it a try. The D&D 3.5 rules took some getting used to, but this game is awesome. Looking forward to Dragon spear, BG2, and Icewind Dale."
76561198341824838,Not Recommended,228280,28399731,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,standhume,"I'm a big fan of Baldur's Gate 2 so i decided to finally try this one. To say i was dissapointed is an understatement. I seriously question the wisdom of starting at level 1. A level one character in 2nd edition dies quicker than a mayfly with progeria. You're basically shoehorned into playing a fighter or cleric, as thieves have so little HP a swift breeze will kill them, and mages have the same problem with worse AC but have the insignificant bonus of a single 1st level spell.The combat is pretty bad because of this. becuase of your lack of strategic options, battles are decided by the most lopsided RNG I have ever seen. You cant use cleric spells because you need to use all of your slots for heals as taking more than one hit is certain death, and your mages cant cast more than one spell per rest, and stealth characters are near worthless becuase if you fail a roll, and you absolutely will four out of five times, getting discovered means instant death every enemy is instantaneously and perfectly aware and has already fired seventeen trillion arrows into each of  your orifices. Im not joking. I tried to use Imoen to scout ahead and find traps she got found by kobolds and thunk thunk thunk she was dead in less than half a second.BG2 was certainly difficult and in many areas downright cheap, but you had options. you could try different spells or different buffs, different weapons and equipment, Here no such luck if those wild dogs mysteriously all made a save against your sleep spell prepare for melee and probably reload after agonizing reload until you have suffered long enough for the dice roller to reach ♥♥♥♥♥♥, then you will finally survive losing half your party and be allowed some paltry amount of progress, only to have your party wiped out by a bear that is clearly constructed from adamantium.I wanted to like this game, but it is simply not fun to play. The dialogue and character development that i loved in Baldur's Gate 2 are not present here, but the plot was interesting enough. however the tedious combat with fighters who could not hit the broad side of a barn from inside the barn with a barn of equal size,  thieves who couldn't sneak their way around a deaf bat, and wizards who cannot do more than fart in the general direction of an enemy without needing an 8 hour nap afterwards. IT just makes it too tedious to want to continue.If i had to sum this game up in a single sentence, I would say that It's a well made game but is just not fun to play."
76561198189455087,Not Recommended,228280,31937623,Posted: 24 May,all,1K mmr -,CRASHCRASHCRASH
76561198088683432,Recommended,228280,21819830,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,the.little.marching.kid,"This was a game I was introduced to when i was young by a brother and we all had alot of fun planning stuff out for it. I love this game and suggest it because alot of fixes have been made from the origonal. although alot of people say most of those fixes can be found online i for one like to have it all in one place. for those people who are familier with this game the EE edition does not add much more then some new NPC's, enought updates to the graphics to run on modern systems and alot of bug fixes. do not expect a massive change in graphics they wanted to preserve the old feel which i feel was a wise move on their part.for new comers, this is a old 90's really early 2000's game, no the graphics are not updated and some of the steam suggestesions claiming this game to be similar may be a tad off. if you find intrest you are welcomed here into the BG community but please do your reserch and understand what you are getting yourself into. this game is not like many others i've seen. the rules are second eddition D&D rules, these are largely outdated and a bit unorthadox if you have not seen them before.I love this game and would suggest it to many people.last bit the price is a bit much for the game, if you are crazy like myself you will find that you will keep building characters and not completting the game and have over 150 hours plus, if you look at it in the long haul $20 for a game that you will virtualy keep with you forever is nice but most people would want this cheeper, if you have the pacenice to wait then the game is certianly worth it on sale."
,Recommended,228280,25679887,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,air.locked,It's interesting to roleplay. Quite number of good tweaks and additions to the original. Pick it up if you're a cRPG fan.
76561198022504436,Recommended,228280,23448161,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,intergeoff,"Enjoyable story, While I think the NPCs feel a little different than the originals in BG1 & BG2, I think it does a good job of fitting into the saga - and i'm definitly happy that I can now replay the great games with some fresh content!A worthy addition to the franchise.Hopefully see more infinity games from the developer - especially with a fresh story they dont have to tip tow around."
76561198046510514,Recommended,228280,23544266,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PaPaStwish,The option to create a full party in single player is money. I Just started a new game with my DLC purchase and plan on going all the way through. I've played since Vanilla BG and have over 1000 hours all games combined and I'm not dissapointed in anything thats been done by Beamdog. I'm in Chapter 4 of the first game and the changes are nothing drastic and are nice imo. I'm looking forward to the dlc. I highly recommend.
76561198286402838,Recommended,228280,21596684,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,toriman1000,"The baldurs gate series is one of the gems of the 90s but to truly appreciate the full story one should experience both games. The orignal Baldurs gate was at it's release n 1998 quite a big thing as it was the very first game to use the famous infinity engine. So in a way one can thank the original baldurs gate for other games such as icewind dale and Planescape Tormnent.The game was so incredibly good for it's time not only because it used a remarkable new engine, but because it was the very first game to really give you a true dungeons and dragons experience in  a gaming enviorment.The orignal game was extremly good and rare for it's time. The way you could chose different paths, be truly bad or good, having so many uniqe and different dialouge options and events was breathtaking back in 1998. Heck, the game gives you more freedom than most other rpgs released even to this dayI loved the game back in my early teens and now in my 20s i still love the game, because it was an incredibly important stepping stone. The way the sequel followed up on this beauty was incredibly impressive.When I have talket to people who want to play the Baldurs Gate saga I always recommend starting with the origianl story since the games are heavily connected. And even though I feel that Baldurs Gate 2 is a superior game there's just something beautyfull about the game that started it all.If your going to play it now and you come from games like divinity or pillars of eternity, you have to understand that the baldurs gate games are quite higher on the difficulty setting.It also uses the old D&D THACo system which you really need to know because it's one of the most important stats in the game. the easiest way to put it is that the lower the number the better.it can be a very hard game at times, but it's because of its difficulty compared to modern games, that killing a boss actually feels incredibly rewarding."
76561198016392584,Recommended,228280,21517478,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dispaminite,An old classic
76561198048411137,Recommended,228280,23892290,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JCaesar,First off absolutely love this game the visuals are good (if you know what to turn off!)My only critisism is that the multiplayer STILL DOES NOT WORKI dont know what the problem is but the ip address connections do not workThere is still no cross platform compatabilty (as far as I can tell)This is really sad because version 1.3 had multiplayer that actually worked! I know crazy right!Beamdog all I can say is FIX IT ASAPBase game and Siege of Dragonspear still great though9.9999999/10
76561198037008377,Recommended,228280,23463760,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vahe,"Its Baldur's Gate (sure: with a few tweeks here and there by the new devs, but dont let it bother you).  Nuff said.  Buy it."
,Recommended,228280,23525037,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kieran Rutherford,Excellent edition to the Baldur's Gate universe. Only wish it was longer.
,Not Recommended,228280,12411596,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,alexwojtak,"It is really hard to not recommend this, as I would count Baldur's Gate as my favorite game of all time. So while I am not recommending you buy Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition, I am still wholeheartedly recommending you get Baldur's Gate, as it is absolutely incredible. If you have never played Baldur's Gate, go to GoG or somewhere and buy the original game. I have easily sunk 200 hours into the original game, back when it required swapping multiple CDs. Only buy this if it is a last resort and you absolutely cannot play Baldur's Gate any other way, as even here it is incredible. But buy the original elsewhere, and not this.There is really so little work they needed to do to this to make it great. If it was absolutely unchanged it would still be incredible, but sadly the changes they've made are for the worse. There are still stability issues which I don't get with the GoG version, but the most notable problem is the cinematics.In the original Baldur's Gate, you would get these beautiful (for the time) cut scenes of the area you were entering. The opening cinematic has been replaced with a far worse attempt to recreate it, and most areas have nothing more than a brief glance at the area. The cinematics created such a great feeling of the area you were aout to enter, in nashkel, beregost and the gnoll stronghold, that removing them seriously dents the game experience.The game of Baldur's Gate itself is as glorious as ever, but this is simply not the best way to play it. It isn't the revamped experience that was promised. It is apparantly possible, with some modding, to get the game back to normal, cinmatics and all, but it seems very backwards to have to do that just to undo the changes that are the supposed selling points of this 'enhanced' game."
76561198157137722,Recommended,228280,26299977,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KingUrameshi,Fantastic game but hard. Be realistic if you plan to tackle this one. Make a character who does not excel in fighting and dont expect to kick anythings♥♥♥♥♥ Rules need to be adheard to but a classic role player for role players.
,Recommended,228280,21527290,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,emennt,One of the best RPG of all times
76561198278888859,Recommended,228280,21603349,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jonas_c_chang,"Classic. Beamdog fixed a lot of bugs (unfortunately including the infinite gold bug) and the game looks and feels really good. Excellent full, immersive gameplay."
,Recommended,228280,21564887,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Spike,It's ♥♥♥♥ing great and♥♥♥♥♥♥Would suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for such a game.
,Recommended,228280,23458496,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lord Deviant,"This has been one of my favorite games since it's initial release back in 1998. The story, gameplay, and exploration are excellent. I like how most treasures and encounters are hand-placed, and while this can take some from the replay value, it adds a sense of reality to the world. Too often in games where loot is randomly generated, what I find is out of place or contradicts what the NPCs are telling me.The Enhanced Edition adds many great improvements. One of my favorite improvements recently added is Story Mode. While I try to play the entire game without going into Story Mode, I don't have a lot of time to play, so I don't like fighting difficult battles 10+ times. Story Mode allows you to advance the story by making your party unkillable in combat."
76561198141552118,Recommended,228280,23843712,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mess54321,"I've played multiple versions of this game, from the original through the mobile versions. This is by far the most accessible and enjoyable of the versions I've played despite having not completed this version at the time of writing, 100% would recommend."
,Recommended,228280,23016709,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jukogenas,"Almost everyone interested in this will know that Baldur's Gate is a great game. I agree, but that's not what what this brief review is about.The important thing is that Balur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is a greater game. Hard to admit for BG fans, I know, but it's true.I myself used to think that the enhanced edition was solely based on the success of the original game, but after playing it, I can witness that the enhancements that were made, while doing an amazing job of preserving the original game's overall style and feel, are indeed worth buying - even for someone who owns the original game already (as I do).With fewer bugs, additional content, proper widescreen support (let's face it: the existing mods were nice attempts, but in the end not fun to play with) and overhauled everything, this is definitely worth your money and your time! And then I shouldn't forged the Siege of Dragonspear DLC, which managed to overcome my expectations (I hadn't thought that it might be as good as the original content. Turned out it was - and in some places, possibly even better).And then there's Tiax. He rules all.Have fun playing!"
,Not Recommended,228280,11330639,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,pphrah,Clunky and oh so boring.
76561198271333083,Recommended,228280,22858775,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,RAmieL,"Baldurs's Gate is back, Must have for all RPG lovers"
,Not Recommended,228280,18713670,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Rugwall,It sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,228280,22333695,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Durami,"Baldur's Gate before is a good game.  And this supposibly makes it better.... aside from the obvious outlines which weren't needed until we highlight people.  After playing a bit of the story mode, then followed by a friend and family session in the multiplayer, it is actually quite good.  A small bug in the multiplayer happens when you first try to enter, but after the second time or so you'll fully be in the game.  Bugs aside, the story is still there and there's an additional story too.  I tried a little bit of the new story, but I'd much prefer the original game, so I stopped that one until I beat the original game.All in all, the game is good.  It's not perfect, but good.  That's all."
,Recommended,228280,21991119,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Shapiro Wilk,"Do you like tabletop RPG? Do you enjoy Dungeons & Dragons? Would you like to play a 2D classic game with AD&D rules about fighting wizards, kobolds and wyverns? Then that's the game.Protip: Beat BG:EE before playing BG2:EE"
,Recommended,228280,22648706,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GuardianAnubite,"The original Baldur's Gate is one of my favourite games of all time. A huge world with plenty of engaging characters, tough challenges, great dialogue, and tonnes of replayability. It's a game I've played once or twice a year since I first bought it ten years ago. This Enhanced Edition is a mostly improved version of that game, so of course I recommend it to anyone looking for a great game. The game has been improved graphically, multiplayer has been modernized, and extra content has been added. The additional content mostly matches the feel of the original Baldur's Gate, and anything that you don't like is easily ignored.  Generally speaking, bugs have been fixed, though there are still some minor ones present. Bugs are going to be present in any version of Baldur's Gate due to all of the complexity and variables. Fortunately, Beamdog is still releasing patches to fix what they can. Most of the mods for Baldur's Gate have been updated to work with the Enhanced Edition as well, so there's very little reason to play the original over the Enhanced Editions."
,Recommended,228280,22405078,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jnsebgosselin,"I am personally well pleased by this enhanced edition of Baldur's Gate. I also bought Dragonspear and BGII. I am playing on Linux and never had any issue so far. Please take the time to look at the Graphics and Gameplay options. A lot of negative comments I've read about this game here can be fixed by simply turning On or Off some options in the game.Some Highlights of what I like:- I like the new revamped UI. There is a more modern and gloomy feel to it, which I prefer.- Journals entries now pop-ups and are way better organized than before. These can be disabled if one does not want them.- In-built widescreen and high resolution display is great. I advise you to enable ""Zoom Lock"" for a crisper display experience.- It is now possible to use missile weapons in quick slots even with a weapon equipped in the off-hand! I can play a two-weapon rogue-fighter that can conveniently switch to a short bow in BG1, this is epic.- Legacy of Bhaal difficulty change completely the pace of the game and is fun to play.Honestly, I wouldn't be able to go back and play vanilla BG1 and 2 on Windows after playing the EE on Linux. Great job Beamdog and thank you for revisiting this great game and adding new original content to the saga. Brings a lot of good old times and memories back. I hope there is more to come."
,Recommended,228280,22688604,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,roadKiLL,"BGEE: old skool, nostalgic, awesome; master of them all - BUT only for true fan"
76561198134878313,Not Recommended,228280,24712188,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,shanechristopherfamily,"Very dissapointed, Game crashed withing 1 minute of playing. I start a new game, select gender, then the game crashes.Pathetic. Do not buy."
76561198119803378,Not Recommended,228280,24965752,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,bright eyed corpse,"I've heard nothing but good about this game from many people over the last couple of months, and indeed it looks like a good game, more for intellectuals of our age.If only the f***ing game wouldn't immediately crash when I launch it, then maybe I'd be able to add to it's praise. Until this happens, I couldn't recommend this game to anyone trying to buy it on steam."
,Recommended,228280,21749859,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,High ride36,"What is there to say? This game is a classic for a reason, if you are into crpgs, buy this game."
,Recommended,228280,22625490,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fantastic Dan,"I've been playing this game since it's original release.Every year I play it from start to finish, completeing all available quests.This is my all time favourite game."
76561198012023582,Recommended,228280,22694806,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,lewrker,Modernised release of the classic. 'Enhanced Edition' means 'Training Wheels'.
76561198004477996,Recommended,228280,21938766,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,|LNG| Rocket Morton,"next to the orignal fallout this one of the best RPG's of all time, the setting the characters like misnc and imoen and how it just throws you into the fray after your caretaker gorion is murdered infront of you makes it one of the best RPG's of all time"
,Recommended,228280,1124346,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,pikkukalsari,Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is a slightly upgraded version of the original iteration. It hasn't changed much but the biggest upgrade for me was that the game doesn't need DosBox to work and runs smoothly on my Win7.Some might argue that buying fromGoG.comand modding the ♥♥♥♥ out of it is a better choice but I don't find that an argument good enough.First of all I don't like modding in any form and wish to play the game as the devs intended in the first place. Secondly I delete and redownload my games on a whim and installing mods (and remembering what I was supposed to install) every time doesn't feel like a thing I enjoy.There are some new characters and missions + other small additions to the game but those didn't change the gameplay much and luckily didn't break the lore that is still fantastic.BG1:EE is hard as it should be. If you enter an area too early you will be crushed instantly. If you don't prepare for each bigger fight you will be crushed. If you don't quick save you will be crushed unded frustration.That last sentence is the only downfall of BG but that's the way games worked back then.Besides modding there's no real reason to NOT buy BG:EE on Steam.
76561198079482596,Recommended,228280,12390128,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Futomomo (Bison Only),"Met a guy who traveled with a Hamster that was from Outer Space and was Baby Jesus.Eventually, he turned on me and killed my entrie party.11\10 Would Fap Again"
76561198076935639,Recommended,228280,22244392,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Raz,"Remember that song, by that dude that people always plays at weddings? You know, the one by Barry White?For me, that's Baldur's gate.When it initially dropped, waaay back in 98 I was only a kid, and coulden't get past the first area of the game.But I stuck with it, and the game rewarded me in oh so many ways. It was the first game I fell in love with, the one who opened my eyes to CRPG's and tabletop RPG.Now, almost 20 years later, it's still my favorite game and i still play it. Often.Now, this game is probably not for everyone. Some may find it slow, some may find it boring or tedious, while others may be overwhelmed by the walls of ingame text.But if you're a fan of RPG's you shoulden't let this one (or it's sequel) slip past you.In my opinion, the storyline of Baldur's Gate is the best one ever put in a computer game. (Though Morrowind comes in at a close second)I have never played another game, where the story felt like such an unfolding mystery, and made such great sense, when you at last had the final piece of the puzzel, and were able to see the bigger picture.The writing is great, the characters are fleshed out, the voice acting is (mostly) superb, and though the graphics are dated as hell, I would still say that they themselves are fantastic.But for me, theese things are almost (almost!) secondary. The reason I say this, is because the engine, the gameplay itself, is what truly makes this game stand out for me.There is an almost limitless number of posibilities, on to how you engage your enemies be it with blade or spell.It takes some getting used to, and might seem clunky at first, but when you understand how the system works, you are rewarded with one of the deepest combat systems I have encountered to date. It's tactical and intricate, but at the same time as blunt and gritty as a meat cleaver.And it runs on almost everything nowadays. (even Ipads)The EE edition, also makes this a very customizable game.You can tweak most anything to your liking, be it the graphics, the difficulty, or how much feedback you want the game to give you on various things going on behind the scene.That being said, it IS an old game, and an old engine, wich means that if you really want, you can exploit it to such a degree that it breaks the game.Baldur's Gate however, is so much more, than the sum of it's partsWhat Baldur's gate manages really well compared to so many other games, is to really make you feel that you are on an adventure. To put you into the game world to such a degree, that you become oblivious to the real world around you.In my opinion, Baldur's Gate is a timeless , classic masterpiece that everyone should allow themselves to experience."
,Not Recommended,228280,29364819,Posted: 19 January,all,r4thehorde2,"horrible graphics, bad combat, way too many things to remember, way too many different little mechanics"
76561198068735313,Recommended,228280,9610981,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Tourniquet,No...0/10
,Recommended,228280,771306,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,GLARING DADDY ISSUES,"Well, I haven't played this game much on steam, since it's a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't want to run with integrated graphics, so I will pretend this is a review of the original.It's pretty good. 10/10"
76561198036024297,Recommended,228280,7811385,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ishkalafufu,One of the best RPG series ever.
76561198089435934,Not Recommended,228280,12942339,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,didn't explain anything,"Terribly bug ridden, if you plan to play the game with friends.I expected more of the ""enhanced"" edition."
76561198101513070,Recommended,228280,21891003,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,WERE_TIGER,"If you are ready to get sucked into a classic isometric rpg then this game is for you.It is very enjoyable recruiting the NPCs to join your party with their own personalities and goals instead of creating a whole party at the beginning. Character customization is pretty good and allows you to make your hero whatever you wishStory: Pretty basic become a hero by slaying the bad guy main storyline but it is very entertaining and the extra info you learn about why what is happening is pretty exciting. You are in no way forced to continue the main story though and can explore all the surrounding lands to your hearts content and get tons of hours of gameplay without even progressing through the story.Combat: I love tactical realtime with pause combat. You can play any battle without pausing but it is highly unlikely and you will not do well without pausing to queau your parties actions. Tougher battles must be thought through and you will cannot advance with just putting your head down and trying to beat down combatantsCustomization: Already touched on this a bit but you are pretty free in making your hero what class and race with proficienies in wherever you want them. Just note that you should read into the classes and realize what you want to do with your character instead of creating what sounds good at the time and then realizing it is not right for you.Overall: This is a must buy if you love classic isometric rpgs with a real time pause battle feature. Great open world that you can explore and get many hours without ever touching the main quest line, and when you do decide to pursue the main story you will not be dissappointed."
76561198125188364,Recommended,228280,22307343,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,thepainkiller1988,"Thank you Beamdog, for breathing new life into my favorite series. Loved it!"
,Recommended,228280,22724804,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sur_buh,"Fantastic.The new updates to Baldur's Gate:EE released near Dragonspear make the game much better.It always saddens me that the rich world of Faerun is only well-represented today/remembered by a handful of games that have extremely limited scope, and I'd really like to see more companies tell their stories using this type engine.  That said, Dragonspear is excellent.  I really enjoyed every minute of it, and (as an adult) had to fight the urge to binge through in a few sessions.I'm writing this review to hopefully encourage people who liked BG & BG2 to give it a chance, in the hopes that this might encourage Beamdog to develop additional DLC for BG or BG2.  Would be great if they were able to spend more time on the overall story, create some new tilesets, and maybe introduce new characters areas for exploration.Pro's:+ Gampelay.+ Being able to clearly see the benefit of different weapons/armor without busting out a calculator.+ New story is ~ 20 hours long to complete.  I somewhat rushed and finished in about 22 hours.+ Lot's of new dialogue is relevant and well-written.+ Added character development for existing characters.+ Possibly bridges BG & BG2.Con's:- Want moar.  moar moar moar.- Some parts of the story seem generic or rushed, although the overall arc is well-written.- Needs new tilesets. If tilesets were completely new, then they were not distinct enough.  ..I understand it's all The Sword Coast, but a little more diversity would be nice.There seems to be an online PC/SJW or anti-SJW crowd pushing hate for this expansion.  I emplore you to really consider that Beamdog can't appeal to you, but ask yourself- are they really trying to wrong you?Maybe it's just an age thing, but I don't have time to worry about whether a transgender character or feminist character are well-represented, and Beamdog would have to come out and state that they're clearly anti-LBGT/anti-feminist for it to even matter.Also due to age, I've gamed long enough to see many good things just die.  Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and (stand-alone) Neverwinter Nights titles made up the majority of these isometric adaptations of AD&D rulesets and lore, and I've always liked them.  But those companies were either bought up by much larger companies (looking at you, EA), and their products were watered-down, or changed altogether.  It's indescribably uplifting to see at least somebody taking charge again, and reviving this genre.  So please, if you feel slighted- it's ok to share.  But please be absolutely damned sure harm was intended before waving the battle-standard; good things like this don't happen often, and many times they die too early."
76561197993201325,Not Recommended,228280,26697409,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PornDaddy,"Complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....as far as Multiplayer Co-op goes, expect to put in a shed load of hours and for your multiple saves to corrupt randomly, yeah forums full of the jibba jabba regarding this unfixed issue. Lots of hours lost, class this as a single player game only, no fuka has issued a fix yet. Single player is meh ok, I purchased this for MP COOP, tried all my previous saves and only ones that work are riiiiiiiiight back at the start, foooook no and fooooook awf."
76561197995234353,Recommended,228280,22310858,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,PandaPoop,"Good game, but multiplayer is too buggy.  Constant pause related bugs when main character dies, other players need to restart entirely.  The lobby screen freezes up sometimes and the host needs to restart and reform lobby.  Some players can't connect at all.  Tried playing for an evening, but when you get to a touch fight and need to reload frequently, I had one player just give up entirely and leave for the night.  Spent more time dealing with connecting and UI issues than actually playing the game.  Sad night."
76561198117227342,Recommended,228280,22495397,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Istanicas,Loving it all over again just finished Baldurs gate 1 and am an hour into the expansion SoD and im loving it.
76561198264854774,Recommended,228280,22639210,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ozzy666dalejr88,amazing game even better than the original which was already pretty damn good...
,Recommended,228280,22810403,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sokanas,8/10 will waste hundreds of hours all over again.
76561198076433788,Recommended,228280,23040900,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Syri,One of the best games ever made in a new and perfect version. A pure pleasure :)
,Recommended,228280,22875216,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jourdanroedel,Best game ever.
76561198018769812,Recommended,228280,22301529,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vecho,不过不失，一场说走就走的ADND冒险。剧情不出彩，但氛围尚可。UI的改进有好有坏，总的说好的比坏的多。反正，如果你喜欢BG的战斗，那么剁手入正吧。
76561198029843828,Recommended,228280,22238082,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CapAnson,"THIS REVIEW IS FOR SIEGE OF DRAGONSPEAR ONLYBg1 is 10/10  Buy it now.Bg2 is 10/10  Buy that too.I'll make this relatively short and relatively spoiler free.Gameplay  8/10   Gameplay is pretty solidly BG-ish.   There's a new interface with 2.0  that some people don't like.  I actually kind of prefer it.  Some people have complained about bugs.. but I've only seen minor insignificant ones.Sound I don't care about music or anything.. I always turn music off.  so incomplete/10Graphics  8/10   Kind of the same old BG.  Which isn't bad if you like BG.  I think some of the lighting effects are new, which is coolVoice Acting  6/10  Passable.  Not at the level of BG2,  maybe that wasn't possible.  Also an old favorite returns..  won't spoil it but that's a plus.New Characters 4/10  Bland, boring,  some of the worst voice acting is for the new guys.  Corwin WOULD be intriguing if not for the writing... which I'll get to, and if you could carry her over to BG2,  which since you can't for any of the new guys makes them rather irrelevant.New Class Shaman 2/10  Simply a broken class from what I've seen.  Basically some type of gimped sorcerer-style Druid  with a summoning special ability.  While this sounds great in theory I don't see the point as mostly you'll have the same healing spells you'd have otherwise.. just less of them.  So there's no special spellcasting reason to have a Shaman,  and the summoning ability- you activate  it,  and stand there spitting out summoned creatures.. which grow in power as you level.  Sounds great but there are three problems 1.  It takes quite a while before you summon a creature.. so the fight is usally over, or mostly over by the time you get your first creature out.  2.  You can't move, cast spells, defend yourself... anything while you do this.  That makes you extremely vulnerable.. so oftentimes the enemies are quickly beating you down while you stand there summining.  3. You only have a chance of summoning.  So if you fail.. you have to keep standing there for another ten seconds or so doing nothing until you can try to summon again.  Again.. the fight is over by then.  I think this could all be fixed by making your first summon 100% and having it happen immediately.Writing 4/10  This is the big deal everyone is going on about.  First - the SJW thing.  It is clear from playing SOD,  that for whatever reason,  there is absolutely a PC bent to the dialogue,  plot,  etc.  Everything from religious zealotry,  treatment of women,  anti-violence,  single motherhood,  equal pay,  racism.  You name it.. it's probably at least hinted at,  if not flat out being lectured at you through a character's dialogue.  Of course the biggest controversy is over a trans character,  inserted in the game for no real reason,  serving no real purpose,  who volunteers their story,  for no reason other than I suppose to ""educate"" the consumer.  As many people have pointed out,  in the D&D world,  trans people would have zero problems as there are any number of magical ways to make yourself look or actually be the opposite sex.  Look at the end of the day.  I don't really care.  Don't agree with much of that kind of agenda.. but it's their game, their views right?  The PROBLEM is that it all breaks immersion and drags you out of the fantasy world so you can think about and ponder real world issues.  I will say that the trans character isn't marked essential, doesn't aggro,  and carries some decent loot so...just throwing that out there as an option.  The bigger problem is that a lot of the writing is simply lazy.  A lot of the dialogue options make it perfectly clear they're forcing you down a certain path, good, neutral,evil responses all basically say the same thing.   A good example,  without spoiling TOO much is at one point you meet a dark elf,  and he has a captive female goblin.  Now when you interact with him,  no matter whether you're good or evil,  no matter whether you choose the good or evil dislogue response,  it always results in the goblen slave being freed and you insulting/threatening the drow.  Then the slave lectures you and the drow.  I mean seriously.  There are other issues with all this.. too many comedic responses etc.  But I've already typed too much on this topic. I'm giving it a 4/10 simply because it's held my interest.. and all these issues haven't made me stop playing it.Overall - 5.5/10And yet at the same time you could argue this is a 10/10 must buy.  The reason is if you're a BG fan,  which you should be,  you're going to buy this,  and it offers enough to sate your appitite.  At the end of the day if you just follow the story.. move  from area to area.. fight monsters.. you should have a good time.  Try not to think about the writing too much though.  If you HAVEN'T played BG before,  then you are wrong.  You will proceed to buy it,  then you will become a fan and need to buy this.  So like I said it's really a must buy.  But if I'm being completely impartial and the other BG games didn't exist,  SOD would be an ok-ish RPG that occaisionally lectures and irritates you."
76561198038370551,Recommended,228280,21952401,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Thebaron666,That moment when I enter Nashkell after 15 years and forget about noober and spend the next half hour trying to run from him........... the memories soon came flooding back :)Still as good today as the day i played it originally10/10
76561198077952672,Recommended,228280,23540018,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Rostverket,One of the best games ever!
,Recommended,228280,21968282,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xanth752,Huge fan of Baldur's Gate for years.Like Dragon Age and Mass Effect?This is where BioWare began the magic.Multi-game Plan:Baldur's Gate -> Siege of Dragonspear DLC -> The Black Pits-> Baldur's Gate 2 -> Throne of Bhaal -> Black Pits 2
,Recommended,228280,22240988,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TheBlueFox,"I have been having a blast with this game, but it isn't without its faults.The Good:The game is fun, it really is. It's a great experience that i've been enjoying ever since I got it. There's a ton of character customization options, almost too many, and the situations i've gotten into have been both hilarious as well as frustratingly difficult. Controlling 6 characters takes a bit of getting used to and a LOT of pausing, but the result is combat that feels tactical and rewarding when you get it just right. Characters have a limited AI that lets them handle themselves for basic actions, but always lets you give them specific orders so you don't have to babysit their every move. The world itself is charming and there are subtle (And not so subtle) pop culture references that made me chuckle when discovered.The Meh:The UI can be confusing at times, especially since the game's ruleset is from the earlier days of D&D. I tried explaining what THAC0 was to a friend, it took him a while to understand it. And durations of spells (Round? Turn? Hours?) are not explained well in game...or at all? I couldn't find it, I had to look it up. You can tough it out and learn by experience, but I feel the game could have been more user friendly if it tried.The Bad:Bugs. Oh god the game is buggy as heck. Is it playable? Yes, but it takes alot of jumping through hoops to get multiplayer working. Eventually it resorted to Hamachi virtual networking and port forwarding, but even then the game crashed and some pausing issues happened causing us to frequently restart the game entirely and load up a save. This happened with SOME friends, but not others!? LIke, what? Single player seemed decent, I haven't had any issues there, but multiplayer needs some serious work. It's functional, but barely.Overall:The game is good, and I would recommend it. Just expect to find yourself with a bit of a learning curve to handle, and some technical issues may arise, but the game is fun and engaging, and DIFFICULT."
76561198035756693,Not Recommended,228280,31713171,Posted: 12 May,all,AButteryMonkey,The original is just as good and cheaper.
,Recommended,228280,21755438,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Akerhon,Best RPG ever!
76561197971877162,Recommended,228280,22178955,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"There's nothing here that I can say that is different than most of the positive reviews here.  It was one of, if not the, best isometric RPG of its day.  Pick it up with the new DLC and experience what it is to be in Forgotten Realms!"
76561198017659625,Not Recommended,228280,14546950,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Poopneck,"this game is way too hard, my paladin cant even cast spells lol and it says there are a bunch of magics  i get from being a paladin that i can use everyday  but ive never seen them????? i mean come on this game is so buggy if the class arnt even working right. shouldnt of been released until it was done. I also think they should add dwarf for being a paladin because there have definitely been a dwarf paladin before. i also dont know why i have spent so much of my adventure without help there needs to be more people to join your team. I say this game is a 4/10 because i like the magic and swords in my games and movies and stuff."
76561198053426583,Recommended,228280,22204638,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jethrobj,Old school cool.  But everybody knows that! ;)
,Recommended,228280,22348742,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Memento Mori,A cornerstone of rpg history. Great storyline with classic rpg gameplay.
76561198073870341,Recommended,228280,22870801,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Axel The Red,"The combat is terrible, the level-progression is abysmal, the controls are naueating, but well, what do you expect from AD&D?"
,Recommended,228280,22178281,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Trickle,"Short 'review'.  I bought the EE for 1 reason alone:  3440p support.  Which looks glorious.  I haven't been able to get the original version's widescreen mod to work at anything over 1080p.Other things I've noticed:I don't care for the additional 4 PC's but you can ignore them.  They are not soo out of place that you can't just treat them as an NPC and move along. [ie nothing like the Pillars of Eternity backer NPCs]Some pathing improvements with 2.0. [though you may want to downgrade to 1.3 which is still available as:]Can't comment on AI improvements as I've always used the SCS mod for that which still worked on 1.3 which you can still downgrade too if you want to use old mods.Some love for the missing new BG2 weapon skills such as club.I might have bought BG1 3 times over the years, but I don't mind paying make the process a lot more seamless than messing with the 3rd party mods.  And that changed to being essential after moving past 1080p."
,Recommended,228280,22199434,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ookami007,"What can you say about a classic?  It's great!  I wish it would be re-make using 3.5 rules, but there was a decent conversion a while back using the NWN2 toolset.  Still, the original is fun to go back and play!"
76561197994089945,Recommended,228280,22153594,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mentat,One of my favorite RPGs and Beamdog made it better.
76561198085197028,Recommended,228280,22206399,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Big Cheese,Pretty cool game
76561198006031111,Recommended,228280,22429999,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Beros,"10/10 WOULD RECOMEND. As BG 2 is my favorite game of all time i was going into this not expecting to see much justice done. Even the initial plot had me raise an eye brow but im 100% exicited and on board with this expansion. This slots into the bhaal spawn saga and adds ALOT more depth to it, not cheesy or over done. It all makes sense and feels like a perfect prequel to the set up of BG 2. Did i mention they got alot of the origional voice actors in? They did and it is awesome. This is the first time in a long time iv been exited to play baldurs gate again and it feels amazing. Get behind this guys as if this is the quility of game they want to make with the EE engine then i cant wait for them to make more......now if they would just update those crusty old models that would be something"
,Recommended,228280,22318969,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hiMonk,Great Game
76561198077302603,Not Recommended,228280,8268427,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,vadim,"iPad version brought to PC.1. Scroll-tips and mouse cursors aren't zoom-agnostic.When i zoom-in i'd like to have a larger mouse cursor, like it was in classic BG.When i hover mouse cursor over a character, or monster/animal - scroll-tip should be larger, font on this scroll should be larger too, once again, like it was in classic BG.2. Issues with sound - you'll have to turn down sound hardware acceleration to play sounds properly.3. Developer has it's own shop - (Beamdog). So this in-house shop get's patches waaay faster than steam. Current steam version patch is 1.2.0000. Before it's release there were 8 month of no support to steam version.4. Community on the official forum is not friendly. Any critics (and believe me, if you're an old-school BG fan, you'll get lots of it)  will be got as an offense.Overall, game doesn't look solid, if you aks me. Some things were enhanced, some not, some - crippled due to iPad conversion.Also, keep in mind, Steam version won't get SteamPlay - if you need Mac version you have to buy it from Beamdog shop (yep it's exclusive to them).I've seen this game in a pre-1.2.0000 patch state. Believe me - it was horrible; i asked steam support for refund, but they refused. If you need details - here's my profile on official forums, and all bug-reports i've sent them (before 1.2.0000):http://forum.baldursgate.com/profile/discussions/28923/ArchmagePlayed it (pre-1.2.0000 and current 1.2.0000) for less than 1 hour and i don't feel i want to play it at all.PS: ""Enhanced"" edition of the game adds homosexual (gay) characters, and has according sexual themes/dialogues associated with them (Dorn and Hexxat). Just wanted to warn you if it offends you or might offend your children.TL;DR:Not recommended. Get GOG or Amazon version of Classic BG instead."
76561197970545980,Recommended,228280,22128583,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Markaval,"Quite simply a classic.  Is it perfect? No.  Have Beamdog made it better?  Yes.  It achieves with a clunky old Infinity games engine what so many games completely fail to deliver - solid gameplay and longevity.  So many people have been playing this game for over a decade, so it must be doing something right.Can't wait for the expansion due out very soon....more of the same only different :)"
76561198041864635,Recommended,228280,22399496,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,kenneth.chapman,"Siege of Dragonspear is very good.  It reminds me of playing Baldur's gate 2 for the first time.  If you loved BG2, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,228280,22573702,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,smailah,"After reading these negative comments below I had to play some BG:EE and see it myself.This was my ninth full run in BG1 and second one in BG:EE. Played almost 40hours with my newest run and game didnt even once crash, my saves worked fine -> even cloud saves. There is some fine new features comparing to orginal BG1 that gives more replay value for BG:EE even for old BG1 fan like myself. I don't get it why ppl complain so much about these new changes. ITS ♥♥♥♥ING ENCHANTED EDITION, ofc they change things. There is always orginal BG1 inGOG.comfor those who wanna keep QQing about Beamdog ""ruining this game"". They have been doing great work with this legendary game and for bringing new content + dlc for BG fans.Thanks Beamdog for letting us explore more about Forgotten Realms."
,Recommended,228280,23528456,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,patrycc,Don't fall for the memes.
,Recommended,228280,34285577,Posted: 16 August,all,BrotherLewis,Imagine FO1 & 2 in a D&D universe. But better
76561197972330820,Recommended,228280,22287162,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Yamagata,"Very happy to see the various updates, fixes, etc that have come to this game with the Enhanced Edition. It's still entirely possible to play the originals, but I think the improvements are wholly worth it (they're even adding new content). This is in addition to first-class support for OSX, Linux, Android, and iOS with the same codebase. If you were a fan of the originals or have never tried these games, this is definitely the version to get. (Haven't finished the new DLC (Dragonspear) yet, at time of writing, but I've been enjoying it quite a bit. I'd reccomend nabbing it too.)"
76561198039311548,Recommended,228280,22144025,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Irenicus,It is so Amazing.
76561198103846882,Recommended,228280,21827915,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DIO,"HEY MOFO! DO YOU LIKE CLASSIC CRPGS/WRPGS? DO YOU MISS A TIME WHERE RPG MEANT ""I have a multitude of options that will give me the xp to progress my character"" INSTEAD OF ""MURDERKILLHOMICIDE EVERYTHING!"" ARE YOU A FAN OF OLD SCHOOL DND? OR ARE YOU LIKE ME AND ARE INTRESTED IN THE HISTORY OF GAMES? THEN BUY THIS GAME! ITS AWESOME. I HAVE ALREDY MADE FIVE DIFFERENT CHARATERS!"
76561198066495329,Recommended,228280,22390784,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Logan Thatcher,10/10 Would wertle again
76561198065225257,Recommended,228280,23050265,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,evcastello,Best RPG ever.
76561197962541116,Not Recommended,228280,23823719,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,~WARminator~,The old c*m-shoted ♥♥♥♥ of mamonth.
76561198030870987,Recommended,228280,22298859,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,atm,Don't let the thumb's down reviews fool you - this is still a fantastic game. Some people seem to have had technical problems but I have been playing for dozens of hours since 2.0 and have had zero problems (unless you count the fact that I got 2 copies of the baby on werewolf island - don't ask). (Side note - I am now running around with a baby in my backpack just for the fun of it).It is still BG. It has new classes and kits to try. It has a way easier loot interface. The story is 100% as great as it has always been. I do not think any technical issues will remain for long.
,Recommended,228280,22213427,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,PlsNoBully,Solid 5 minutes of me and the enemy missing. 11/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,228280,22172339,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Soij,"My review is about the Siege of Dragonspear update to graphics and menus:Good:- New character look, more cartoon shading with outline.- Better UI font (sharp, bigger) and better menus in generalLots of small annoyances- The new map zoom in and out takes 3 seconds and makes me dizzy.- Opening quests now takes a lot of clicks while before it would not, someone missed interface design classes.- Quick save now create multiple files... Before you could just always do it and load the last one, now you gotta check which one you want to load.- Export character file reduce file name to like 6 characters... No idea why...I've just started playing it and will update but I keep finding so many new annoyances that I had to post some feedback."
,Not Recommended,228280,19891801,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,deepscout999,The graphics are horrible....
,Recommended,228280,22253082,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dr. Doomfist,"A Response to the Other Reviews:I don't post reviews often, but it appears that the lowest common denominator has decided to be very loud with regard to this game. It's a fun game, and it deserves a fair shake.GRAPHICAL UPDATES:People complaining about cartoonish graphics have no place posting a review on the Steam market. The thick black border they're talking about, a simple graphical update that makes the game easier on the eyes at 4K and other modern resolutions, is entirely optional. In fact, the option is in Graphics settings and couldn't really be easier to locate. Other than that, the only updated assets are textures that were blatantly unable to survive the HD transition (the original Baldur's Gate used an actual picture of coffee grounds to appear like the ground/road, for example, an interesting choice that can only work on the old, blurry 800x600 CRTs of yore.) The replacement textures are high-quality, tasteful, and lore-friendly.USER INTERFACE/USER EXPERIENCE (UI/UX) UPDATES:The UI recieved one update of any consequence at all: Journal entries now appear at the top of the screen to alert you to the fact that you've acquired a quest or learned something new about an important, ongoing chain. This is ultimately a useful feature, but on this particular issue I can see why some people might be incensed. The UI element is a little noisy, and given that this is the sort of game where one could understandably have purchased a real-world journal to track activity, it does markedly change the experience from the original. I'm personally of the opinion that the improvement is a complimentary (if not necessary) one, mostly to make the game enjoyable for a generation of gamers born into quest markers. This should be an optional feature, probably, but it's presence doesn't render the title the sort of hyper-active, dopamine-fueled, flashing slot machine that other reviewers make it out to. This is still a far cry from Hearthstone.REBALANCED DIFFICULTY:There are more options, one of which brings the ruleset into alignment with Baldur's Gate 2, making for a smooth transition (much like the options offered by the WeiDU tweak packs for the original or the BiG World Project.) This is strictly something you can't complain about. The original difficulty settings were notoriously limited and once the system was mastered, woefully inadequate. As a long-time veteran of the series who obviously cares way too much about it, and as a game developer who's worked on RPGs in the past, this is the one change that should not interfere with your decision whether or not to buy this game.POLITICAL ISSUES:Why this ever needs to be a section in a game review is beyond me, but the current state of affairs makes it necessary. Brace yourself for stupidity. A large reason for the negative attention this game has garnered recently is... The expansion contains a transgendered character. *GASP* Lock the kids indoors, shut the shutters, draw the curtains, as from the state of things, you'd guess Strahd himself descended upon the town to wreak havoc. In reality, it's an inoffensive NPC with an aside that points to a gender transition at some point in their past. Why is this offensive? Well, never mind the Girdle of Masculinity/Femininity, an item that has changed the PC's gender since the game's release. Never mind that Eliminster, iconic wizard extraordinaire of the Dungeons and Dragons universe, lover to Mystra the Goddess of Secrets, Survivor of the Time of Troubles, and WotC's best sales-driving cover man since Drizzt Do'Urden, spends a good chunk of time walking the earth as a female and makes several appearances. (Let's all be honest about what we'd do with Polymorph Self.) Anyway, in summary, the idea of magically changing genders is not new to the series and has somehow offended a humorless group of teetotalers.***NOTE***This game is very old. It contains a number of bugs. Some of them have been in the game since Black Isle held the reins, some are a natural consequence of working with a game from the 90's, and some of them are indeed derived from Beamdog itself. However, it's worth noting that they seem to genuinely care about this game, and as someone who has worked in the soul-sucking industry for several years, that's a pretty rare feat among developers of largely-known IPs taken as an aggregate. They regularly patch this game, developed a new expansion, and provided free, substantial content updates of high quality. They easily could have released this game, made a quick buck on the brand recognition, and abandoned it. They easily could have gotten away with reserving the content updates only for those who bought the expansion. I highly recommend supporting Beamdog as it currently exists, if only to encourage more genuine passion in an industry that's in sore need of it."
76561198022630666,Recommended,228280,22256487,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,groo,"One of the best games ever, only surpassed by its sequel and Planescape Torment.  Replayability value is high, there are so many character variations and NPC companion choices that you can't experience it all in one playthrough.Before Siege of Dragonspear: EE update was good, it brought the engine to the same level with BG2. I liked the new NPC's, even though they had too many spoken lines compared to the old NPC's which is a bit jarring.After Dragonspear: The sprites got more cartoonish, but am getting used to them now. The new UI is not very good, it is difficult to find stuff there. The new journal system is meh. It is not a good improvement but not that bad either. The new map function works great. Unfortunately new features added new bugs.I agree with many of the negative reviews but I still recommend this game. The new features do not make the core experience bad. If you have never played it you would not even know about them.PS. Sarevok really needs a hug, too bad he has to wait until Throne of Bhaal for that."
,Recommended,228280,22186647,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ingwarr,This is Baldur's Gate ! This game needs no introduction !
76561198040153898,Recommended,228280,22174414,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Deylendor,You played Pillars of Eternity and loved it?This are the roots son.. enhanced.
76561198013482469,Recommended,228280,22462003,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,jroachii,The expansion makes numerous welccome updates to the core game. The new difficulty modes are excellent. The writting is solid and enjoyable.
76561198064934557,Recommended,228280,22320599,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,patman259,One of the best pc games ever made
,Recommended,228280,22188369,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"If you love old school Baldur’s Gate and Icewind Dale. Get this, you won’t be disappointed!"
,Recommended,228280,22199654,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gnarled Rose,"I recommended this game before the expansion, but having played it more recently-- even better quality-of-life upgrades and streamlining of options really makes this the best Baldur's Gate experience possible IMO."
76561198170154906,Not Recommended,228280,30517414,Posted: 14 March,all,El Cheapo,I got tricked by nostalgiakiddies
,Not Recommended,228280,22188111,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ImpactFenix,"This game feels like it was made before starcraft one, if you're thinking about trying it, dont. Not because it wasnt good in its prime, but because it's too old to be enjoyable at this point."
76561198090113566,Recommended,228280,23013646,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Banana phone,"Loved the game, i prefered the older art style of the BG series and i found the new style looks worse. the  gameplay is still the same with a few improvements( like looting from the ground). played this with my friend and had a few crashes every few hours but fogivable. single player ran fine with little to no problems.Basically if you liked BG or ice wind dale its just those games brought up to run on new machines."
76561197960354874,Recommended,228280,22162526,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,StonedSub,"You can put your expansion where i think , finish localization first"
76561197988185529,Recommended,228280,22540474,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,wpmaura,Everybit as good as the original. It adds all the classes from BG II and then some. Finaly some more evil characters to fill out an evil party if thats your thing.Couple more quests here and there.Slighltly prettier.But its the same as the original which is great. I am amazed how much I have played this game over the last 20 years.
76561198008887436,Recommended,228280,22492083,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,twoods,"Great story, mediocre graphics, unforgiving difficult...  all the elements that made Baldur's Gate great are here.  There are more sophisticated RPGs out there today, but you'll still enjoy some unforgetable characters and challenging battles.As for Siege of Dragonspear, it's a worthy addition and let's try not to take a game that include a belt that changed your gener in the original so seriously."
,Recommended,228280,22543993,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Proskub,"Im betting if you are looking at this game, you have owned it before. However, I think if you are looking at reviews, you might be considering it. So, this game is a top down real Role-Playing Game. Many games today claim to have the cause and effect but none match the old DnD based video games. Also they are still updating and expanding it! As if it needed expansion. I still own the box mine came in for windows 98, and it says that there is over 500 hours of gameplay! I doubt you would find that worth in many modern games, if you played them through 3 times. This is a squad based or (not recommended) solo game. To reach the end, is only to prepare for Baldur's Gate 2! Which is also a fantastic continuation. Anyways, don't buy this game if you:-Hate Stories-Cant stand older graphics-Want everything handed to you-Dont enjoy games based on Dungeons and Dragons?Good luck, and have fun. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,228280,22390111,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,"Dwayne ""Left Shark"" Camacho","If you like Dungeons & Dragons, well, this is based on the AD&D 2nd Edition rules, so you'll love it."
76561198112174225,Recommended,228280,22573640,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TerraAddict,"Feels like coming home... a rich, intelligent, addictive RPG!"
76561198026912876,Recommended,228280,22100876,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ripfin,2.0 breathtaking update to the infinity engine
76561197996980316,Recommended,228280,22187915,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lexinator,"One of the best RPG's ever made. I played the heck out of it when it came on 5 CD's (+1 for TotSC, which is included here), and was extremely happy to buy it on Steam. Because having a 5 year old in the house and CD's don't quite mix....It has now been sexified and looks a lot better.It also has the added benefit of improving your math abilities (THAC0 says hi).If you never played it, you owe it to yourself to buy the game. If you have the game on CD's, well - you owe it to yourself to buy the sexy version on Steam.Now, it's not quite as good as BGT (with mods installed), but all the extra content more than makes up for it - and the new expansion makes it even sexier! Buy this, buy this now!"
76561197994696996,Recommended,228280,22237150,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SwEagle,"Great game and fun expansion despite what you might see from all the 0.5 hours on records reviews, since apparently the amount of morons that offended by everything on the internet is baffeling. Wonder how there ppl even get through life, or probably they are just teen trolls that have not even started real life yet...Anyways the 2.0 update and SoD expansion are great, I really love the new UI because it's darker in color. And the UI is modable now to so noone would stop you from going back to a orignial style if you dislike it. I also like the sprite outline option make the game look much nicer but this one you can just shut own directly in the options if you don't like it.I have not made it thourgh entire SoD yet but I like what I've played so far alot.I have never tried to play this game in multiplayer so I can't comment on that but not really any big bugs have happend on to my game, now it is a little unfortunate that the steam update breaks all existing mods and a little strange tbh since they know about the modsceene and have even added more mod support to the game.However it ha always been up to modders to update their mods with gameupdates not the other way around, I'm sure it will be running fine soon enough."
,Recommended,228280,22244939,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,eschus421,"It's a little frustrating at first, but Baldur's Gate is a journey worth taking. The mechanics take a lot of getting used to, even if you play through the tutorial first (which I highly recommend doing if it's your first time), but it's really rewarding once you make sense of it."
76561197973694731,Recommended,228280,22277356,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,RetroGamingFool,"The gold standard for desktop RPGs. Memorable characters, immersive atmosphere, challenging gameplay, and a wealth of mission content. ""Tales From the Sword Coast"" and ""Durlag's Tower"" expansions are an example of what DLC should be, and the new content from Bulldog is impressive as well. Play it!"
,Recommended,228280,22276932,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ragar,"Thrilled about the idea of an expansion to Baldur's Gate. There is some character develepment but it somewhat is lacking, however the gameplay and story is still amazing. Dismiss what reviews there are of a transgender characther they are utter trash and shallow people. The game is amazing but not as epic as the original was. There is still a few bugs out there and are being worked on. All in all I would give it a 7/10 and if it wasn't for a few bugs it would be an 8/10."
76561198039452112,Recommended,228280,21604143,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TONO,18/00
,Recommended,228280,22371380,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Joz,"Absolutely liked this game! Improved and configurable ui is nice! Lots of old ""bugs"" fixed. And the game itself stayed the same great classic I remember it to be."
76561197964738918,Recommended,228280,22369043,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Trogdor,"If you liked playing the Baldur's Gate series you will spend every possible minute of the next 30 hours playing this game.The maps are smaller but filled with good loot.New characters use weapons other than a sling.The AI isn't awful, but can be anoying when all your spells are gone.Shaman is a beast.It seemed like the old characters were nerfed a little bit to make you want to play the new characters.I have waited so long to see new content to this series and I am not dissapointed.Thank you to every single person who helped create this!!!!"
,Not Recommended,228280,9153215,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mansen,"NOT worth the purchase on Steam. The file structure is different from the one from the developer's website, and is compatible with a lot of 3rd party mod tools.Buy it from Beamdog, mod it for modern 3rd Edition D&D and enjoy a Combat RPG from a lost age."
,Recommended,228280,22239886,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Deadstick,"One of the best CRPGs of all time, updated with support for modern resolutions, some new NPCs and a fully customizable UI with v2.0. Its been a blast from the past so far, and with the updated engine I am looking forward to experiencing the entire journey all over again."
76561198132079567,Recommended,228280,22240881,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,arnoud.alting,"Loved seeing the old NPCs again and hearing their new dialogue and seeing their quests. The game works fine and is challenging enough (playing with core rules), and will definitely be tough on th eharder difficulty levels. Haven't tried the new class yet, but definitely will next playthrough.The main story is decent, although I have not yet seen if player choices actually make much of a difference. The number of NPCs alone will make it possible to have very different experiences in combat.All in all, well done!"
76561198239534934,Recommended,228280,22201119,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,hjalsayegh,"I first picked up Baldur's Gate from the discount bin in the local Tech fair. back then I was 18 and $10 for a game that came out just earlier in the year (in a very heavy cardboard box no less!) seemed like a good deal, if I hated it then it was just $10.18 year old me was then trapped. TRAPPED!!!! the first two hours were spent rolling and re-rolling the dice to get the highest stats possible before started the game... just to discover that the class she picked reaaaaaaaalllllllllyyyyyyy sucked and she had to start over.Then came the agonizing crawl through the game, where you felt like a moron trying to figure it all out.My 18 year old self didn't see the sun until a week later.... AND IT WAS ONLY TO GET MORE BG!!!!!!I am now in my 30s and when I saw this on sale I thought ""hey I liked that game, let's go through memorylane again""2 hours later... my 18 year old self wants to kick my butt from here to the moon... what have I done... remember me fondly!!!!!!"
,Recommended,228280,22176639,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dorito Dust,"Literally, my first hour in this game was trying to get my stats above 84..."
76561198136433276,Recommended,228280,22295445,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/RuinBlades,"I enjoy the game, hard at first but plays much like the original."
,Recommended,228280,22204705,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Furry Meme Dealer,"I remember the day I started playing Baldur's Gate.I was seven years old.I was exploring the basement.I found it in a box with a bunch of textbooks on coding in C++.I installed it with no problems because of the talent for Windows that I got from somewhere.I then proceeded to create a mage.I just went with whatever stats.I sucked for a few hours and then restarted.This time I acually worked on my character.I read the manual about pretty much everything.I then proceeded to learn that killing guards for their armor is not a good plan.To this day I always take the good path because I am haunted by that memory.I don't remember much after that, but I remember that I loved it so much that I created possibly illegal copies of the discs so that I could play with a friend.I later was told by the universe for the first time ever that I REALLY suck at everything, because he was so much better than I had been even though I had been playing for about a year at that point.Then I learned he was cheating.He was still much better than me however.He usually went with a ranger, then proceeded to get every hidden item in the game.We never really ended up playing multiplayer.I easily have thousands of hours in this game.I have bought about thirteen copies of the original, including the GOG version.I believe I am finally ready for playing the Enhanced Edition.NOW IF YOU WILL EXCUSE ME I WILL NOW GO AND PLAY REROLLING SIMULATOR 1998 REMASTERED!...I realize that a review like that says nothing about the actual game and that I will get nothing but downvotes like when I wrote a review for Clannad without putting anything about the music and voices and graphics and story and all that jazz.So here you go.Pros:THE MUSICTHE MUSICIMOENTHE MUSICMINSCTHE MUSICTHE GORE SWITCH THAT SEEMED TO MAKE NO DIFFERENCETHE MUSICTHE STORYTELLINGTHE LORETHE MUSICTHE MODDING COMMUNITIESCons:RerollingAnnoying as **** fatigue popping out of nowhere at the worst timesTHE MODS ARE CONFUSING TO INSTALL HELP SOMEBODY PLEASERerollingDrinking the wrong potions.LAST THINGHOW TO PLAY: KEEP YOUR LEFT LITTLE FINGER ON Q YOUR LEFT THUMB ON THE SPACE BAR AND THE RIGHT HAND HOLDS THE MOUSEPause once every .0909085678246843 seconds and check your surroundings.LOOK AT THE SETTINGS IF YOU WANT AN EXPERIENCE LIKE THE ORIGINAL GAME. THIS IS VITAL."
,Recommended,228280,22275140,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Squishy,No!♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not the bear! Not the bear!
,Recommended,228280,22341549,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Petrichor,"Absolutely and completely love this game, can't recommend it enough for Dungeon Crawler fans"
76561198279803741,Recommended,228280,22171760,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Steven.sippio,"Go for the eyes Boo, go for the eyes!!!!!~~Late 90's..1st apartment, w/ GF,,South Florida.==Daytime gaming was tricky because of GLARE from the sun,,and i did say""Live-in Girfriend=now wife""-So the Vampire route of Aluminum foil on windows wasnt am option.i did the only sensible thing one could  (no not bounce the b*##^ )~~I found a huuge King Size thick off-white sheet and tacked it to the roof.4 foot -by- 4 found Rund my Computer desk..-3 Str8 months of Baldurs Gate & Icewind Dale, & week or so with Bald Gate-2,(i Think i mighta played the 1st Thief during this time as well.)"
76561198035623508,Recommended,228280,22169546,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,pughug,"Doh. i just paid $20 for BG EE only a week ago and missed the $5 special. Still worth every penny and will save up for dragonspear expansion. So how good is BG EE? Awesome. i had been told to play this game for 20 years but felt it could not measure up to the Temple of Elemental Evil which has been modded and expanded for 20 years by the circle of 8. Co8. I feel steam should offer to buy the rights to the game and compensate those modders for updating the game and attempt to release a modern version of TOEE. It uses the best version of D&D rules as it includes all the feats and the battles are simply much more strategic with initiatives, attacks of opportunity, interruptions, feints, and a stunning radial menu to tie it all togther. The battles are so deep that it had to be turn based as every single decision must be carefully considered. Watching every dice roll becomes a lot of fun. But of course BG is simply bigger and grander and more wonderfully told. So while TOEE certainy beats everything ever made in terms of tactical pressure in the heat of battle it is simply not as good as BG 1&2 in terms of rich deep story telling. It is such a shame that pillars of eternity chose not to emulate the TOEE battle system and went with the more crude semi turn based BG system. Maybe they felt Divinity was too much competition but Divinity is really dumbed down compared to TOEE. Anyone who has played through the TOEE NC (new content) version and got through the hickory branch and all the expanded material knows what i'm talking about. TOEE's thumping soundtrack played during the final battle against the plant god is the single most electrifying experience of my role playing life and that includes the 1st Wizardry and the 5th Ultima. Over 30 years ago prior to the release of the apple 2E there was a game called ""Odyssey"" which has been lost to history and i can't even find info on it with google or youtube. For true RPG historians i would like to say this was the very first game ever made for a computer and may have been the 1 to start it all. If anyone remembers this game please message me. ;)"
76561198001784686,Recommended,228280,22612244,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Beaghan,Still as Awesome as it ever was!
,Recommended,228280,22172609,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dr.Gerbil,You must gather your party before venturing forth.
76561198054989216,Recommended,228280,22165708,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ronalddittman,"Excellent game even for an older guy!  Great immersion, great plot, and great character development.  Thanks for bringing back a classic with a new twist!!"
76561198027239179,Recommended,228280,22252351,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sloth and Torpor,Love that this game is being updated again. 2.0 need some patching (multiplayer is borked) but overall the game is great. Luckily steam lets you roll back to pre-2.0 if you really want to do multiplayer.
,Recommended,228280,22277145,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,geoff.tillman,Still an amazing game after all these years. I started up a new game with the Shaman class and really like it so far.
76561198039691064,Recommended,228280,22295994,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,haroldogiesta,Muita controversia sobre muito pouco.Apenas ignore o que nao te agrada ou simplesmente retire o personagem do grupo e siga sua vida.O jogo é otimo :)
76561198063262839,Recommended,228280,22268249,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,gurney.steve,"I had a lot of fun playing this game. Sure it's not quite as good as the original (or it's superb sequel for that matter)... but it's more Baldur's Gate...and thats a very very good thing.This review covers Siege of Dragonspear (I'm not going to comment on BG:EE as i havent had a chance to go back and play it with the latest patch installed).OLD MEETS NEW - I love that the team decided to use a retrofitted version of the Infinity Engine. If they'd have used a modern engine (like the excellent pillars of eternity) i doubt thayd have been able to preserve that elusive BG magic or maintain a sense of continuity with the other games in the series.CAST OF CHARACTERS - Im a little divided on the characters Beamdog chose to pull into the DLC. The notable absence of Branwen left me wanting. I ultimately replaced her with viconia, who fitted better with my evil aligned party. But i cant help but wonder if Beamdog missed a trick here...to enhance less common characters with excellent backstories and take them as DLC characters into the sequel.FAMILIAR VOICES - It was great to hear some familiar actors reprise their roles. Dream come true. Well done Beamdog.Gameplay - It plays just like Baldurs gate...until it doesn't. It just feels different. This has a large part to do with the way the story is told this time round and the altogether more linear path you're expected to walk. Its not bad...its just...different. My one gripe however is that this new campaign style led me into a situation here I was unable to complete some quests (SMALL SPOILER: Report to the sergeant that I was rescued Skie). Which was pretty annoying. I hope this will be patched in the future.BUGS - A lot has been made of all the bugs in the game. Maybe i was the exception but i encountered very few bugs. The one i did encounter was incredibly annoying though. I ventured through a massive level, found the exact spot to drop an explosive barrel and then...nothing. the game didn't register that id dropped it in the right place. Im 100% sure that i did.All this being said, i found BG:SOD a thoroughly enjoyable addition to the BG series. 7.5/10"
76561197993205559,Recommended,228280,22200129,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Zawa Zawa,brah...
76561198041345780,Recommended,228280,22274723,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,domrock4873,I accidentally put on a cursed belt that turned me into a woman.Imoen called me a queer fellow.10/10 such realism
76561198079485289,Recommended,228280,22227652,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bukkake,"An expansion to an almost 20 year old game was destined to be controversial, especially when we're talking about a beloved franchise such as Baldur's Gate.Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear is Beamdog's first true attempt to write an original campaign in the Baldur's Gate series, with mixed results.The writing has improved, if only slightly, from the developer's previous material in the Enhanced Editions (which weren't good I'll be honest, the monk was decent, though), it still falls short compared to the base games but that is to be expected. Still an upward trend one would hope. One great thing is the voice acting, that I'll give them. Major props for getting some of the originals back.The gameplay is little different from the previous games and they do give you certain challenging encounters, though they made some strange changes to the interface which I don't like, but perhaps new players will find it to be better.It does sadden me slightly that some characters are used as prompts in the play of identity politics and ideology pushing; it feels a little on the nose. Truth be told I would be more tolerable of it if it didn't come across as blatant virtue signaling, and trying to earn brownie points for being 'Oh so progressive'. But who am I to say which demographic the developers should target, I'm just giving you my impression of the game.Anyway I did enjoy the game so it'll get a positive review from me, but be aware that it is a mixed bag, though more good than bad in my opinion.Cheers."
,Recommended,228280,22187028,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Inaluogh,"After all these years, you are able able to give the scroll to Firebead Elvenhair BEFORE you leave Candlekeep. It's enhanced alright. And it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,228280,22208460,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,klklkl,"STILL, haven't made it out of candlekeep."
76561198256544361,Recommended,228280,22222446,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TheGoldenMjolnir,I LOVE Dungeons and Dragons. This game is like getting to play D&D even when my group can't get together. If you like puntastic and challenging RPGs that don't hold your hand. This game is for you.
76561198068261647,Not Recommended,228280,31552133,Posted: 4 May,all,fourtwenty,GET THE GOOD BALDURS GATE ON STEAM I CANT PLAY THIS
76561198132071003,Recommended,228280,22176597,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,conormatthews19,Brilliant Game! I really like the recent update! It has polished the game very much!
,Recommended,228280,22165720,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,lukegallant89,If you liked the original. You'll love this
,Recommended,228280,22375388,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,MurrayLeBronie,Awsome game... Awsome upgrade!
,Recommended,228280,22262838,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sereverus,"I have been giving this game serious thought for many years, i played the original, and only stopped playing when my computers could no longer play due to far too many incompatabilties rendered by time, however, i will say, this is no light romp, the world of abeir-toril, and faerun by further extension is a world of dark fantasy. prejudice, and morality are in constant question in this world, just as they are in our own, however it is important to realize that this is also no freeform rpg, it is meant to tell a story, and any good author will produce mental, emotional, and sometimes even physical reactions to their works, as even the latest dlc has accomplished such, i would rate it a total success, it is not here to aid you in blissful ignorance, it is in a way, meant to nag at your consious mind, not to simply annoy but to provoke thought, recently there has been backlash for a newer npc being transgender, personally i take no issue with it, nor do i take issue with the prujudices within, some call these ""modern issues"", but in fact they are not, the human race as a whole has struggled with these issues at various points in history, sometimes more than others, but the issues have been present for at least the last 3000 years, and so calling them ""modern issues"" is a fascile argument, and is ultimately, even now a Plebian example of thought, ""Learning without thought is labor lost, thought without learning is perilous"", in any event, i urge you to play this game, it will provoke many things, but my point is simple, to appreciate the full scope of the game, it pays to do just a little side research into this world, to truly get a hold of and grasp the concepts and how they are handled, by the peoples and entities within, but to be sure this is a world of fantasy, the question remains, as it always has, are you ready? (P.S. not being rude here, or at least not trying outright to be, there are alot of things going on in our loyal 20 year old community atm, most fed by 4 sides from 2 arguments, i seek neither to incite them, or to belittle them, merely to provide a functionally coherent review of a series i hold dear.)"
76561197974431038,Recommended,228280,22243251,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Prostatexam,Great game.  Love the update to it.  Butt kicking!  For goodness!
76561197999698930,Recommended,228280,22251089,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,sock,"Rough and tumble adventure with great writing, a huge world, and now, a new expansion! One of the best RPG experiences around!This is the only game that's made me count six seconds over and over again.  It's great!"
76561198028026247,Recommended,228280,22278091,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,joshbu,One of the all-time greats.
76561198068278980,Recommended,228280,22223724,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,john.baum,"I like it.After disabling the funny Char-Outlines and the funny colored circles and the health bars, it felt like like a true BG game.Haven played much, but from what i saw, it' beautiful. The writing is spot on, the atmosphere is very good and the Voice-acting is gold. Felt like coming home to meet very old friends. The areas are some of the most atmospheric ever made in an IE game. It is obvious that the old engine has been tweaked beyond her years. The crowded Street of BG are an testament to this.The downside, is that this broke my mods and till mod-makers or the Devs adress this there will be no mods.But this is hardly a big problem.Those who want to finish BG:EE with mods better uninstall this expansion. Tiill you are ready to impport your toons for SoD.Anyway. A fresh BG expansion after 15 years of wait...whats not to like."
76561198259834141,Recommended,228280,22233086,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lumenaught,I've played this game more times than I can count over the last 15 years. Buying Enhanced Edition is just an excuse to play it again and I'll start by rerolling starter characters for three hours. (Sad but true.) 11/10 Will save the world again and again.
,Recommended,228280,22270364,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bruxae,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game.The Baldur's Gate saga is generally considered one of the best RPG series of all time, but whether you agree with that or not you are sure to love it.A few things that might be usefull to know if you are considering buying this game:This is an RPG above else, there's a lot of reading to be done and while combat encounters can be really fun and challenging (VERY challenging at times), the story and immersion is where the game shines the most.This is an older game, the UI can be a bit clunky at times and the pathing is a pain sometimes, and of course the graphics are out dated, you should know this from looking at the screenshots but don't expect modern graphics. However in my opinion the game has aged gracefully thanks to being 2D, often the hand drawn background and sprites are beautiful and has a charm you rarely find these days.This game requires patience, in order to truly enjoy it you have to allow yourself to take your time, explore, immerse yourself. Even normal monster encounters can be really challenging at times, at least in the beginning of the game, expect to reload and dont forget to quicksave regularly. You should also expect a very long game, this is why I usually recommend picking it up only when you can give it your full attention, this is not something you'll finish over the weekend. At the moment I am writing this I am about 50 houres in, and I expect to hit at least a 100 before I am done with the main story.. And that's not even counting the Dragonspear expansion.The enhanced edition does pretty much what it says, it allows for higher resolution, more game settings, and introduces some new NPC's that fit the roster perfectly (mostly). The best thing about these NPC's in my opinion is that they have alot of banter and random events centered around them, since party banter is probably the number 1 thing I wish BG1 had that BG2 did, this is great. Speaking of BG2, if you like this one you should definetly pick the sequal up too, it's pretty much the same but better in every regard, better combat, better story, more party interactions.Reading my review it sounds mostly negative, but I assure you - this is one of the all time greats, a must play for any RPG fan. The story, the atmosphere, it's some of the best out there, in my personal opinion it is only topped by it's sequal (BG2) and possibly Planescape: Torment and I have been an RPG enthusiast for over a quarter century so I have experienced a lot of different RPG's."
,Recommended,228280,22275709,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,vapplebee,the music is good the battels are memrebhall get it bhall?? huh :) but the level up systym sucks other wise it is a great gam
,Not Recommended,228280,26356029,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,★ Eth ★ The Spurned,Find a copy of version 1.0 without any DLC content before you get yourself a cancer and never wish to play the biggest RPG of all time (This is how bad it had became. Thanks you very much devs for ruinning my favorite game of all time. ♥♥♥♥ You)Don't believe in my 2 hours : My girlfriend bought me the game for my birthday and I felt humiliated to play this version.I own Baldur's Gate 1 & 2 on CDs ---> Yes those 90's Version on 4-5 CDS.I own the Beamdog version 1.0 (Never Updated and I am happy)I own the steam version too
76561197971852896,Recommended,228280,22350146,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,spampants,"This is an excellent port of an excellent game. The people who dislike it due to the addition of some recent content are the kind of people you'd kick out of your weekly gaming group because they'd keep trying to hit on the one female player, and even after she's said no, will attempt to do so in the game, making it awkward for everyone involved.Just because there may have been rampant sexism in a medieval fantasy world, doesn't mean we need to have it on our discussion boards. It is the ugly side of gaming, and it should called out and shamed every time it rears its head.Fortunately, actually playing this game provides a delightful means of escaping the insane vitriol of ignorant bigots who are mortally terrified of being wrong."
,Not Recommended,228280,30504047,Posted: 14 March,all,♠ PheX,"The worst part about this game is creating your character. Skills and effects are not explained properly. You have to rely on stupid dice rolls and your character will have more/less skill points based on that. Is all about rolling a dice and getting good RNG. The UI is the worst i've ever seen in a RPG and makes you quit before you even finish the tutorial. Game asumes you alredy know D&D rules, universe, and mechanic so if you are new player that comes from other games, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,228280,22228267,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,omega_grey,"A great game, really a classic. The changes brought on by version 2.0 will take some getting used to but the changes it brings are worth it."
76561197994355617,Recommended,228280,22224948,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,aheck,Simply the best CRPG ever. The Enhanced Editions have made a nearly 20-year-old game seem fresh.  Highly recommended if you appreciate isometric DandD CRPGs.
76561197989224090,Recommended,228280,22263654,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Valdearg20,"Baldurs gate is one of the best RPG's in gaming history, and Beamdog has done a great job curating that history, improving gameplay mechanics, fixing bugs, and, with Seige of Dragonspear, adding thier own twist to the Bhaalspawn saga. If anyone enjoyed the originals, they'll enjoy the enhanced editions, too. Newcomers should expect a bit of a learning curve, since AD&D 2.0 rules were a bit eclectic, but there's a great community out there willing to help clarify any questions about the odd numbers you see on your character sheet or to explain what the hell a THACO is. Well worth the price tag!"
,Not Recommended,228280,31616016,Posted: 7 May,all,duck with a sharingan,"♥♥♥♥ Beamdog, ♥♥♥♥ them utterly for mutilating this game with their sjw antics, tablet mentality and amateur graphic design.Do yourself a massive favor; play the old version, or if you must play this, play BG:EE 1.3 or earlier because these new versions are a crying travesty and absolutely molest the gem that the old game used to be."
76561198171269379,Recommended,228280,22245955,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Watsfilio,"Great game that lives up to the standard of the original, i will be playing again and again until I finish every bit. 10/10!"
76561197960282791,Recommended,228280,22246147,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kyote,"Nice new GUI, improved graphics, I'm not seeing any major bugs so far, and a few hours into the new DLC, I'm impressed with the number and variety of quests there are to do."
76561198012504443,Recommended,228280,22260427,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,shabushabu,"What a wonderful trip back in time ! I have been playing the last few evenings and it feels like bg, smells like bg and is fun like bg !Not much more to say this is Baldur's Gate folks... I love the dungoens, multiple areas to explore, caves can be interesting ! Exploration is rewarded for sure !Love how you have meshed the plot from bg1 and bg2 into this experience, incredible voice acting and work !!!!Great job BeamDog !"
,Recommended,228280,22184490,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[GPF] Bloodbag,"This game taught me that the important attributes in life are strength, wisdom and intelligence. Looks and charisma can be fixed by jewellery.18/99 would reroll again"
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,228280,15042564,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,You spend most of this game walking and the story starts to bore after a few hours...
76561198039909911,Recommended,228280,22227829,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,vitowns,Epic game and add-on!
76561198151859846,Recommended,228280,22224385,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jibble DonkWank,I love DND so this was a no-brainer when i saw it was 5 bucks!
,Recommended,228280,22261660,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,mshea01,"I thoroughly enjoyed the remakes of BG 1, 2, and Icewind Dale and was excited to play this one. I have not been disappointed. The storyline of the crusade is interseting, as is her background. I can already see tough choices coming ahead. The improvements to the map are welcome. There are fewer games I play that make me feel like I'm really playing D&D. Playing this game makes me want to play the others all over again."
,Recommended,228280,22246337,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,darren,"I don't know why some people hate enhanced editonal , the V2.0 UI is really much improve for friendly and playable , the new map zoom function is original game never can offer to player , for me it's amazing , for me , after Baldur's gate 1/2 upgrade to V2.0 , it's totally become to different game which is more fun and tons of improve ,New expansion siege of dragonspear has better artist map , lots of different moster type , it's quite fun for me ,If you don't like the new game , you can ignore it , but don't hate it ... especially i still hope i can get more content from this series , i respect your points , but please also respect i really enjoy and get tons of fun from the enhanced edition"
76561198046389250,Recommended,228280,22247400,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,GregT 314,"(Writing as of the Siege of Dragonspear patch changes) - An excellent game, carefully improved.  The latest patch introduces a wealth of quality of life improvements that make playing one of history's greatest RPGs less fiddly and more in line with modern expectations, while retaining all the quirks and oddities that define this history-making release."
76561198197810431,Recommended,228280,22225239,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,G0dtrAP,"I returned the game because it didn't work properly with my 4k monitor, so I couldn't experience the game properly. The reason I'm writing this review is to warn 4k monitor owners against the game.The reason I'm still giving it a positive rating is because I played it ages ago and can confirm its a great, old school (hard as hell) experience."
76561198020595232,Not Recommended,228280,25769448,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kutturi,This game doesn't work. It crashes on startup.
,Recommended,228280,22261767,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Juniper,"Not without its technical hiccups, like BG EE and BG2 EE before it, but a welcome addition to the family."
76561198136762705,Not Recommended,228280,29834812,Posted: 10 February,all,Macenn,"Get the original CD version of Baldurs Gate. Don't waste your time and money on this nonsense.There is nothing ""enhanced"" about this edition besides the name Biaware removed and Beamdog slapped on it with extortion price tag coming with it.Fanmade mods are better made than this peace of **** and if i'm correct, modding this version or getting your mods to work on this is extremely painful if not impossible. But correct me here if i'm wrong.All the positive reviews are either from people who have never played the original and therefore don't have anything to compare to OR they haven't yet realised what a pile of horse droppings have been taken on their beloved memories. My first review was actually positive because i hadn't played this ""version"" enough."
76561198050997651,Recommended,228280,22332432,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,thorgod8,Butthurt nerds are the best.
76561198091352668,Recommended,228280,22250207,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bhaalatoni,a real classic
76561198025092856,Recommended,228280,22243405,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,coombsy1989,"Fun, runs fine for me and I'm enjoying it. Got to love the reviewers moaning about the inclusion of a trans character in the expansion (""I don't want politics in my games"" ""SJW crap"" etc.) who don't seem to realise that it's a fantasy game with elves, orcs, dragons and all the other wonderful tropes we've come to love. Is it really realistic that everyone is straight or cisgendered? Probably not.Great game, great story, don't let the numpties put you off."
76561198006449809,Recommended,228280,22226479,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kevin Sorbo,"It's a worthy expnasion, and I'm really enjoying it. I kind of wish they left the social justice component out of it. Not that I am against any of those issues, just not what I want to hear about in my favorite fantasy setting. Of course, I'll continue to support it in hopes of more Baldur's Gate/Forgotten Realms/D&D PC games. Just please, keep political agendas out of it."
76561197979777078,Recommended,228280,22281355,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,CoyoteTheClever,"I haven't actually played the game, but since steam reviews are apparently now just a census on transgender and other ""social justice"" issues rather than things like gameplay, graphics, story, or any of that other video game stuff, I am giving this game a thumbs up to show solidarity with the transgender community.Come on guys, keep politics to facebook and twitter and make your friends and family hate you. Don't waste the time of people on Steam who are trying to see if a game is actually good or not."
76561198045426150,Not Recommended,228280,12791514,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,kangaxx,Las voces estan en ingles y el original las tenia en español...
76561198330978467,Not Recommended,228280,25561178,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,arthur98r,Wouldnt recomened this game ps2 version way better notworth 10$ nvm the 20 i payed on it.
76561198113195226,Not Recommended,228280,33045247,Posted: 30 June,all,Many dog,I find it to dated to find it fun.I don't know it's just not for me.If you are willing to deal with the PC game design of the 90's then buy it but I perfer games designed now.
76561198039733769,Recommended,228280,22246242,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pazuzu,"Good game, good expansion, development for the chars they introduced in the first EE. Ignore the brigades by the degenerates known as ""Gamer Gate"", thus the low score. Buy it if you like Baldur's Gate, Don't buy it if including a single transgender character, and a single innocent joke about Gamer's Gate is enough to make you lose your bearings and diaper contents all over the internet."
,Recommended,228280,22331503,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Yabo,fu
76561198127147761,Recommended,228280,22229908,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,remidansuri,This is a wonderful game for anyone who loves Dungeons and Dragons.The Butts of Evil await our bootprints!
76561198050672277,Recommended,228280,22230121,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,grim,Excellent update to the franchise and awesome DLC!
76561198098420069,Recommended,228280,22230424,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,HunterSeeker,Whats not to like !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pure Greatness!!!!!!!!!!!!EPIC
,Not Recommended,228280,31253581,Posted: 20 April,all,E- la -in,"This game was really outdated. It really is.No amount of ""research"" will change the fact that a wizard has to ""rest"" before each spell."
76561198328929971,Not Recommended,228280,28697279,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,balcomics,"I got this game because I am a huge fan of classic JRPGs, so I thought I would give classic WRPGs a chance.However, I constantly found myself dying at the hands of weak enemies, and having to repeatedly reload my file made me feel like I was abusing the save/load states on an emulator, which cheapens the experience for me personally. I also don't like how I have like no spells or special moves, and whenever I use whatever stingy amount the game gives me, I already have to sleep to recover.I'm not saying this is a bad game, but I feel like this is only enjoyable for a specific type of audience who grew up with this stuff. Anyone looking for something as relaxing as Zelda or Final Fantasy VII, stay far away"
76561198118928202,Recommended,228280,22247514,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,cwmiii,Great game.  +1 for trans inclusion.
,Not Recommended,228280,34205565,Posted: 12 August,all,<corrupt_%data>,"nO LIKE. Kepps crashing. Miuch fuin. Dont drink and drive.,"
76561198132204884,Not Recommended,228280,25713167,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,OoglyWoogly,Ok... this game is awful. I can't believe I spent $20 on this.
76561197989294557,Not Recommended,228280,26592027,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MeJ,I bought this and then rembered why I did not like it ;)
,Not Recommended,228280,34490337,Posted: 25 August,all,ุ,"Was fun back in the day, but it's extremely outdated nowadays. I was blinded by nostalgia and ended up wasting money on it, and the only thing it did was ruin my fond memories. Buy a good rpg like Fallout 2 instead, as this is simply a trash game."
76561198155934979,Recommended,228280,22247452,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ajitgeorge74,"Love this new game, especially the diversity!"
,Not Recommended,228280,26006873,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[DaC] NecroLust,"They have sexually deviant characters in the game now, can't just be a reg D&D like game it now must have sex stuff it in and you are forced to interact and acknowledge these rejects who make sex their focus. What a pathetic game. Insta refund, they ban anyone who posts agaisnt their perversions on the discussion board because they have no respect for freedom of speech nor do they want to hear any critisism of their precious snowflake game. This game is as bad as Shower With Your Dad Sim...Dont't be like these devs and support Clinton.Be normal and Vote Trump!"
,Recommended,228280,30656145,Posted: 21 March,all,Dollique,I am nearly at 50h and my char is at level 6 xDIn my childhood I mainly played BG II and wanted to replay BG I and did it with this steam version. For me everything works perfect and the game is fast as hell (compared to how it was on my Windows 98 PC like 15 years ago :D ).Still one of the most awesome games out there!
76561198038467332,Recommended,228280,4520651,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Korendil,"Hardcore RPG for the hardore RPG fans. Fun, challenging, immersive. Love it. Akward controls though, but you get used to it."
,Recommended,228280,27518877,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sub_Human,"Great oldschool rpg, if you want a time killer this is for you."
,Recommended,228280,27971446,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ChrisKesterson,"Timeless, classic series. Buying this from Media Play with my own money as a teenager changed my life forever.Get this.  And the sequel."
76561197990107151,Recommended,228280,27990993,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,baphomet84,"One of the best rpg's of the pre-ineedtomakeeverythingin3d era.Take a wonderful setting, a solid system and a legendary quest, add a bit of nerd references, some weird npcs and a wagon of challenging enemies with a nice touch of old school and here you go, one of the best (IMHO) rpg of all time.Without this, we probably wouldn't have dragon age or mass effect, just saying."
76561198052502700,Recommended,228280,27987593,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,femmeloki,"I own the original game of this - yeah, maybe dating myself a bit on this one, but this game remains one of my favourites. It's like an old friend that you don't see for years and when you meet them again it's like not a day's gone by.   I'm thrilled that the Enhanced Edition has added some new characters for the party, all though the first one I've found is somewhat irritating...   Seriously thinking of creating a new game just to give her to the mages for dissection."
76561198035477363,Recommended,228280,27721874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Clio,"A classic old RPG that stands the test of time: memorable characters, dramatic story, great pacing, interesting tactics, and variety of choices that makes it very replayble. The Baldur's Gate Sage (I & II combined) is Infinity Engine D&D at its best.Played to completion on disc, and repurchased the Enhanced version on Steam to enjoy mods and trouble free play on a modern PC."
76561197972754700,Recommended,228280,27647540,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Disney Toy Unboxing,One of the best games ever made. Old but gold.
76561197975538021,Recommended,228280,27651397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,John W Smokes Jr.,It's Baldur's Gate.  Just enhanced!
76561198049391709,Recommended,228280,5414402,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,FabledX™,One of the best rpgs of all time nough said
,Recommended,228280,6160925,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Mister-Owl,"Baldur's Gate is the reason why I fell in love with Role Playing Games. Not to mention the fact that most Infininty Engine AD&D games like Baldur's Gate influenced many other wondrous titles like Planescape: Torment.So, naturally, I was asked whether or not I enjoyed this so called ""Enhanced"" version of the game I love.The answer... yes, I did.Overall, it's still the Baldur's Gate we all know and love. Just a cleaner and nicer version of the original. Strangely enough, these kind of improved aesthetics do help lend the game an ageless feel.If you've never played Baldur's Gate before, or even any type of isometric Role Playing Game, then Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition is the way to go."
,Recommended,228280,27804649,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlackSpart,"Make way evil, I'm armed to the teeth, and packing a hamster!"
76561198005336710,Recommended,228280,27839842,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tulfa,"The basic game still stands the test of time well. Obviously not competing with the graphics of modern titles, but visuals are never the most important thing with RPGs particularly - it's all about the story, sense of adventure, the NPCs you interact with, and developing your character(s) - all of which this game has in high quality spades. It set the solid foundations upon which practically a whole genre was then successfully developed, which still has a strong following today with the success of Pillars of Eternity. Many of those subsequent games may be considered better in one way or another (e.g. character development in Planescape Torment), but the original still brings me back for simple, good clean fun (or dirty if you want to play evil)! The Enhanced Edition's new characters and Black Pits 'dungeon crawl' are a bit of additional fun, but it's the original game that's really a classic for my generation of RPGers."
76561197970580162,Recommended,228280,27858981,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Wise Alaundo,"Baldur's Gate was incredibly immersive in its day and with this Enhanced Edition it holds up as one of the best CRPG experiences out there, almost 20 years later.Top tip for new players! : Composite Longbows require 18 strength. Don't be like Esteban, the half-elf Ranger with 15 STR, and spend all your starting money on a bow that you can't even lift."
76561198156585780,Recommended,228280,27750116,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hylion,This game stays awesome after soooo many years! It brings me great memories
,Recommended,228280,27748766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aces 'n Eights,Just as good now as when it first game out. Def worth 10/10.
,Recommended,228280,27779376,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sugar Maple Woodlands,It is good.
76561198094816208,Recommended,228280,27779403,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sarevok,"It's brilliant but a few things have changed, not all for the better.Get it, play it, decide for yourself."
76561198037080977,Recommended,228280,27802607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheRubberDrapes,this is a real good classic game. definitely play it but expect d&d rules and turn based gameplay.
76561198043728364,Recommended,228280,27791892,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Smashed,Game was good before all the recent patches. with the graphical update it seems even better. for some reason though i am disliked by the people even though i tried to be a hero and what not. not sure if its a bug but still a great game.
76561197960836080,Recommended,228280,27810597,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mustache_Cash_Stash,Just the greatest
,Recommended,228280,27775861,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dinhternet,"Controls and graphics are a little clunky compared to more modern offerings, but this is still a high point in CRPGs."
,Recommended,228280,27706833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dr.Thrax,Since I play my first Baldur's Gate on xbox I wanted to start where story where all happen.
,Recommended,228280,27754812,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hatcake,One of the most influential games in gaming history updated and brought back for old and new gamers to enjoy.A must play for any RPG fans!
,Recommended,228280,27755283,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,stangiidude,Remeber swapping discs to play this originally. Love to see it remastered.
76561198034217024,Recommended,228280,27751712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Formingsaturn,"This is a classic, a source game. The story is immersive and the gameplay is addicting."
,Recommended,228280,27584763,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aramsham,"Forever will stand among one of the best games made... May there be many more like it, but not the same."
76561197994429575,Recommended,228280,27595058,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zarathos,Stands the test of time
,Recommended,228280,1688818,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,HCandeias,"Great game, major Ad&D, timeless..."
,Recommended,228280,27871815,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Magnus,"The RPG I always wanted. Among the Dungeons & Dragons games I have played, this is my all time favorite. I have spent quite a few hours playing the original. Perhaps not as many hours as were spent on Diablo II, but Baldur's Gate is sure number two on that list.Now it's back in an even better version that makes the original look unpolished and dated. Above all, it's available on more platforms, including Linux/SteamOS."
76561198014058484,Recommended,228280,27870751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cyninja,"After having spent a multitude of playthroughs on BG (5 - 6) and BG2 (20+ and counting), it's great to finally have had the ability to add the game to my Steam library.The good:- it's Baldur's Gate- it runs like a charm on modern machines and as digital version I have no hassle with ejecting discs- the easy transition to BG2- quality of life upgrades and addition of BG2 classes makes the first game even more enjoyableThe ""who cares"":- quite a few upgrades to interface, shortcut and character targeting are unwelcome. Luckily most of these are voluntary and can be deactivated in the options menu.The bad:- not being safe of possible future fiascos of corporate greed or social justice warrioring trashing on a beloved IPAll in all, if you were a Baldur's Gate fan, make sure to read up on what changes were made, but definately keep an eye on this title. Unfortunately, since Beamdog bought the rights to BG, the only new legal versions one can aquire are the EE ones. I personally don't mind (I do own the originals still if it ever should become a problem) but some people might be anoyed."
76561198008632933,Recommended,228280,27869957,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,junkemus,The best AD&D rpg ever.
76561197972428574,Recommended,228280,27842865,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FallingCrow,"Hit it with arrows, hit it with spells, hit it with melee.Combat in this game is just like the Blitzkreig"
76561198032552435,Recommended,228280,27845594,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A Skytrain Man,"One of the first and best games I ever played. A truly classic rpg with an amazing story and deep characters. Outshadowed only by its sequel, which continues to improve on everything offered in this game."
,Recommended,228280,27693606,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Oneota,I love the Baldur's Gate games and everything that followed in the journey through Amn and the Sword Coast. I have spent hundreds of hours playing them in the past when they first came out. To this day they are still among my favorite rpg's ever created because of the story and the difficulty in the game. Especially if you try to rush through things.  I would recommend them to anyone who likes classic top down rpg games.  If you have ever played and liked the Neverwinter Nights series of games you will probably like these games as well.
,Recommended,228280,27729693,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bogart,Once again it drags me back in!! timeless classic that never gets boring in a fantastic D&D setting!!
76561197995802878,Recommended,228280,27701266,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,格好いい,Best RPG ever...O melhor RPG de todos os tempos
76561198118719450,Recommended,228280,27739449,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BigArsenault,Greatest Game ever
76561198122077409,Recommended,228280,27907893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eis,"While the Enhanced Edition doesnt really add anything that BG2 didnt have (and doesnt update the graphics or engine), Baldurs Gate is still a solid game. It's character creation is still top tier, and it's story is still well told. There are a lot of options added with recent updates, and while this is good, in order to get back to the original game you have to play around with the settings for awhile. All in all, if you are looking for a much upgraded edition, this isnt for you. But if you ar instead looking to return to a classic game with a slightly more content, then it's well worth the twenty dollars.While I dont really like Beamdog, the game Bioware made so many years ago still holds up today."
76561197983941074,Recommended,228280,27324686,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valnim,Great game even after so much time. Hours of fun and each reply one can find something new.
76561197970835625,Recommended,228280,27338870,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reven,One of the best CRPGs of the time fond memories of playing this in my early highschool years.
,Recommended,228280,27310727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pboggio,"Fun game, played it trough a few times back when it first came out.Learn from my fail.  the enhanced edition has a group of werewolves near the end that are imune to all weapons but silver.  If you don't keep a silver weapon for each of your party mambers in your inventory this fight is unwinnable."
,Recommended,228280,27308770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,redneckdrow,"Definitely my favorite CRPG (I must be the only one who still uses that term!) of all time. The characters are just as lovable, dastardly, or wise as in any newer big-bucks game. Minsc is absolute comedy gold!That said, the modified ""2.5E"" AD&D ruleset is probably a bit eisoteric to some newfangled gamers who are unfamiliar with P&P tabletop gaming; believe me I have to use the BG2 tweakpack and Sword Coast Strategems myself just to rebalance certain things (Here's looking at you, Monk.).All in all, I'd say there's enough new content in BGEE to justify a purchase, even if you own the original as I do."
,Recommended,228280,27359153,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Muh'Dunba,"A classic RPG title that any rpg fan should play and experience. Great characters, good top-down combat based in older dnd rules that make the game more stategic, and a very interesting story. This was the first game I played growing up, going through each disc that it spanned across and loved every second of it. The series is so much fun, though I have not played dragonspear. Really can't say much negatively about it"
,Recommended,228280,27346968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zaarin_2003,"Apparently I've played this game for over 200 hours. This, my friends, is a lie. There was a life before Steam and most of it was spent playing Baldur's Gate.A game so good, I have convinced myself that I am married to one of its NPCs (Jaheira...my love). If you are a fan of role play games, you would do well to play this game or die in the attempt.Once they realise the game will not hold their hands and that old-school rules, inventory micro-management, thought and strategy are involved, I think even younger fans of modern Bioware games will feel right at home. This is the game with a template that essentially all modern day RPG's followed. It excells in terms of character and party development, with some genuinely memorable characters, a fantastic villian and deep plot.""Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, watch it! I'm huge!"""
,Recommended,228280,27112460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FinalFate,"Baldur's Gate, the classic cRPG that everyone should play."
76561198053168796,Recommended,228280,26920420,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,liamtranzig,This is my teenage life in a new re-release Enchanced Edition.I have recommended this game to any and every Medieval Fantasy friend I have ever made... and I just hope that those who are too young to appreciate the graphics and gameplay give it more than a 3hr play... because it is good. It is SOOOO goood.
76561198164881758,Recommended,228280,26923958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Navdan73,"Having never played anything but Baldur's Gate II, I was hoping that the original lived up to the hype.  I purchased the enhanced edition of the game and have never looked back.  The only problem for me was actually finishing the game, because I had so much fun just putting together parties.  Very Highly Recommended.  Enjoy."
76561198014622683,Recommended,228280,26946951,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wwttystar,"Played Baldur's Gate I and II 16 years before, after that I was unable to forgot the forgotten realms. Thanks to beamdog now I can repaly these games both on PC and Phone, although I don't really have time to have a good play on this game."
76561197998396124,Recommended,228280,26947259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Consolex,Play this game with custom avatars and get immersed with friends.
,Recommended,228280,26796116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raiven,Timeless. Still as good as when I played it back when it first came out. The Enhanced Edition is just the icing on the cake.
76561198074129029,Recommended,228280,26801325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dhan,"One of the best Rol games that you can play over and over again and stays relevant both in gameplay and storyline even with the pass of time, a classic."
76561197970593348,Recommended,228280,26879840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DobrePiwo,Even better than what I remember when I played it many years ago.
76561197973587471,Recommended,228280,26114169,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Guardian Hero,"Played the original release back in '99... One of the best RPGs ever, period."
76561198135640177,Recommended,228280,26127864,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Arlen,"excellent game,Classic D&D rulesIf you looking at buying and not played i would recommend you can go solo or as a team, play the good guy or an evil S.O.B.personally a lawful evil blackguard in solo is the way forward!"
76561198027192088,Recommended,228280,3771544,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,lukaen,Awesome piece of RPG history
76561198007508624,Recommended,228280,26096010,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Wcheff,An entirely suitable number of giant spiders.
,Recommended,228280,27502677,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,protoproth,They did an amazing job with this edition.  It takes me right back to when I first played this game.
,Recommended,228280,27505398,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FiReWaTeR,"Go for the eyes, Boo, go for the eyes!"
76561198028627387,Recommended,228280,27532904,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tarn Lochaber,"Still soooooo gooooooood, except for random ctd after long session."
76561198039471177,Recommended,228280,27514063,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,countzero,"Classic Almost faithful ADnD representation, it seems impossible to duplicate it's great gameplay nearly 20 years later and many games have tried:Pillars, Dragon Age:OG, Neverwinter Nights 2, Drakensang, etc.If you're looking for a first try at the series beamdogs update has some decent UI changes and updated graphics. nothing that modders have not done but a good effort worth 5$ in my opinion.lastly be warned that beamdog felt the need to include some of it's own trash PCs. I tend to just kill them on sight. the writing is'nt ""High school fanfic"" tier but it is ""recently educated college liberal"" tier, YMMV."
76561198075855182,Recommended,228280,27473732,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mateviajero,Incredible!
,Recommended,228280,27478459,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sarevok,I've been playing this for 18 years. Probably the best game ever.
76561197964929873,Recommended,228280,27449788,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,minsci,"Best game ever.Party based crpg, lots of text with small amount voiced.Real time combat, can use pause to give party members commands."
76561197983496416,Recommended,228280,16530941,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CrOnNoS,"the game is fun to whoever likes the style, but mainly, this version removed all those damn annoying bugs from the original version (at least the ones which never let me play it through)"
,Recommended,228280,26988962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Megaphail,Best Final Fantasy EVER!
76561197960304595,Recommended,228280,26989057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ayu,This is just one of those games I always go back to and will never forget. This game always keeps me entertained. The sheer number of ways you can play the characters you make is crazy!
76561198021706533,Recommended,228280,26895866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShadowWolf45B,This game is one of my all time favorite games. I have logged hundreds of hours into the original game just to have them release the enhanced edition and log another hundred hours. This will be a game i remeber for the rest of my life along with Baldur's Gate 2 and Icewind Dale. I Look forward to the release of Icewind Dale 2 Enhanced edition.
,Recommended,228280,26924667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Towson,This will forever beone of my favorite games of all time. 10/10
76561198020493684,Recommended,228280,27082371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ILION75,This Game is maybe the best RPG ever!Improved version of Baldur's Gate.New quests and locations.New Characters.Big Open world to explore.
76561198033297775,Recommended,228280,27595075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Colonel Diggs,When this originally came out in 97 or 98 it literally blew my mind. There was nothing like it before it set many standards for years to come. An instant classic
76561198045504340,Recommended,228280,27577885,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The People's Steeple,It's as fun as it ever was. It brings back the memories and helps make new ones with the new content.
,Recommended,228280,27675686,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Atomic Fishy,"Very much enjoyed the game. My play through took about 22 hours. At around hour 17 it got really chaotic because I could choose the hair, skin, and clothes colors. Oh... oh no... This isn't a character creator simulator? There's more to do!?"
76561198005667002,Recommended,228280,27667062,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gloomy,"Best good old game ever...If you like the AD&D universe and never tried this one, shame on you. The enhanced version adds just what is needed to make it playable (especially screen size). Just don't hesitate."
76561198024958109,Recommended,228280,27677015,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cassive,Possibly the best game
,Recommended,228280,33488171,Posted: 12 July,all,TitusMaximus,"Wow, it has been about 20 years since I played the original and I literally forgot everything. This game is hard, and you must read the manual and a how to guide to really enjoy it. That said, I love this game and will play it for many years to come. Just remember the barrier of entry is rough and once you get past the graphics and learn the rules it is awesome!That said here are some of my biggest mistakes that you should not repeat:-Always use weapons you are proficient in. Figure out which weapon you like on the character level it AND the type of sytle you are using (Duel Wield Long Sword was awesome).-NEVER EVER ROLL A WIZARD SLAYER... they suck♥♥♥♥♥ you can't use any equipment and you will end up deleting the character because of how bad their suckage is. I did... lol.-Do one play through for the story and then another to get all the awesome OP equipment. There is some things you will miss first passthrough Baldur's Cloak / Helm was a big one for me.Overall, its a great game that really requires some effort and thought to get through. It is hard, even on easy difficulty and you will die. Think RPG turn based Dark souls lol."
76561198082996333,Recommended,228280,33423624,Posted: 9 July,all,idstrongs,"Ahhh, just like I remembered it. Great game, awesome use of 6 in your party. Highly recommend!"
76561197967811276,Recommended,228280,26818747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CoV | Darken,"To keep it short, one of the best CRPG's ever to be created. One can easily spend 100's of hours in this game and its sequels and not get bored."
76561197977900064,Recommended,228280,33527854,Posted: 13 July,all,Mr. Bulldops,I was glad to go from a litteral handful of discs to 3 dvds and now to digital. This masterpiece of a game has held up to time and the enhanced version is worth the cost and then some.
76561198049215864,Recommended,228280,33525554,Posted: 13 July,all,BlackWaltz,"I never played Baldur's Gate 1, I had only ever played the sequel and its expansion, until recently.  It's worth the play through.  It's a game that doesn't stand up against a lot of time, and some of it comes off outright cheesy, but the play and the plot are endearing.  Finally taking a character from one game to the next felt like there was a real legacy.  Sarevok and his plot left a lasting impact on a game and its scope of story without having to involve the entire world.Just be wary, 2nd Edition D&D rules will leave a challenge to learn if you didn't play them back in the day.  Recommend playing the story-only difficulty if you're new to the rule set."
76561198042992147,Recommended,228280,4895703,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,FreakinClassy,"Awesome writing and fun, nostalgia-inducing graphics. Still challenging, still GREAT!"
,Recommended,228280,33575229,Posted: 15 July,all,Padawelts,"StoryBaldur's Gate has you living as an orphan to a old wizard named Gorion who has taken you away from your usual child labor job to send you away on a mysterious journey. After unfortunate events you're left with no friends or idea of what to do, so you investigate why the iron coming from the mines is brittle and unable to smelt properly quickly getting involved into a larger plot involving who you really are. Nothing mind blowing amazing about the games story, serves it's purpose and had me marginally interested through out the game. The real meat comes from the story you make as you live life on the sword coast.GameplayBaldur's Gate makes D&D dice rolls really fun actually, its real-time but has a pause button for managing items or deciding tactics. Gameplay is challening but highly rewarding, unlike a lot of games now you really feel the sense of progression from fighting tasloi and wolves to bandits all the way up to the big bads like invisible stalkers or powerful wizards. Absolutely brutal on higher difficulties but its really satifying to finally kill something thats been giving you problems for the last couple levels.VisualsEnhanced Edition has some nice upgrades from the original Baldur's Gate but overall doesn't make a massive overhaul, its no show pony but it doesnt need to be and still looks quite nice for an almost 20 year old game. what it lacks in the looks it makes up for in gameplay.Dialogue/NPCsThe writing is a little goofy at times but is still top notch for what an RPG should be. Pretty much all the NPCs are great and there are some awesome friends to make for your journey. Beamdog added a few new characters and some people may say they dont fit the game I never personally thought of them in a bad way. I mostly only used Neera personally and she's great fun but her voice is a little lackluster plus her quest is a let down with no real conclusion. The game has happy, sad, good and evil with a bit of goofy moments like a talking chicken or a guy with some bedroom problems.ConclusionBaldur's Gate is one of those come along every 10 years or so games that makes a big (or little) splash and is on plently of top 5 games of all times list or favorite games. If I had to pick a second favorite game it'd be this one right here. It's kind of sad Bioware was able to making something of this quality and to do it again for years then make a sudden drop off in quality. If you're a fan of D&D (even if it uses the awful 2nd edition rules) a fan of CRPGS or just good games in general. You can't go wrong with this one.9.5/10"
76561198048842734,Recommended,228280,33568882,Posted: 15 July,all,Celes247,"The best part about this game is that the story is completely believable, unlike many other great RPGs, where you are epic and/or special fairly early on in the game. This game has a SLOW pace, much like a real D&D game, the main quest line is NOT epic for most of the game, and you get to be a lowly nobody for quite some time. By the end, you have earned your reputation.The main story, while it has dire consequences should you fail, is not really a far-stretch for the imagination. It's mundane enough through most of the game, that when big surprises do happen (and they do!), you're in awe!"
,Recommended,228280,3238661,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Hey! Listen!,"Although BG:EE isn't necessarily better than the original, it delivers some entertaining and refreshing additions. All in all Baldur's Gate is still an amazing game after all these years, with strong, diverse gameplay that keeps you entertained for dozens of hours and a gripping story that leaves you begging for more.After over ten years, still one of the best franchises I've ever played.If you're up for some old school D&D action, this is without a doubt the game you should play."
76561198092103193,Recommended,228280,29427405,Posted: 22 January,all,Cupnold,"Back in the days, this game alongside it's sequel was my favorites game.Today it's still holds it's ground firmly as one of my all time favorites.This edition enebled us to enjoy this gem again expending it with some very good new characters, to make it more interesting for long time players.Works and looks as beautiful as ever,P.S.Ultrawide support"
76561198166839389,Recommended,228280,29472408,Posted: 24 January,all,lottiezebzebzeb,"Miniature giant space hamster who gives his friendship to one very lucky, butt-kicking human? Check.The ability to pick up corpses in the city sewers and then dump them in people's homes after burglarizing them? Check.Quests that range from helping a demon find his lost puppy to escaping with your life through the tombs beneath your childhood home? Check.Speedwalking monk guy who heavyhandedly flirts with you one minute and then calls you his sister the next? Check.The ability to customize your portrait to literally ANYTHING, affording you the opportunity to make the Sword Coast's newest hero look like Nic Cage's face photoshopped onto a baby's body? Check.Yep, I definitely get why Baldur's Gate is a classic!(That's not sarcastic. I loved every minute of it.)"
76561198001914453,Recommended,228280,29559798,Posted: 29 January,all,Shatters,"This is arguably the best series of RPG games I have ever played. This and its sequel are the essence of fantasy RPG and what all games created after strive for. Created within the D&D realm it comes with a depth of detail and management most modern games attempt to recreate. The storyline is captivating, but you will find yourself spending hours doing side quests in a quasi open world enviroment. Combat has you choosing what spells, arrows, scrolls, or potions are what is needed to get the job done. The pause feature will allow you to let combat from becoming overwhelming, while also planning your next move. Bottom line: Buy it and its sequel. Also stock up on coffee"
,Recommended,228280,29374774,Posted: 20 January,all,Ashes,"A true classic in every sense of the word. The enhanced edition optimizes it for modern hardware and adds a bunch of extra content (which it really doesn't need, but it doesn't hurt). Not as great as its successor, but definitely a must-play if you're into D&D and RPGs."
76561198121552301,Recommended,228280,29526842,Posted: 27 January,all,JeansElemental,"When you'll start playing, The character creation, atmosphere, and mysterious plot will hook you right away togather with amazing detailed art of the equipment, the characters, and the settings in general.The combat is challenging and varied, and really makes you use your head differently from time to time.The story is the special part, as it grows slowly and gently like tiny hands that put togather a mosaic of diamonds.The tention grows wildly and end perfectly with a storm of feelings,This game is a MUST for all RPG playes, for you really feels as if it is ""the real thing"", and it opened me for these oldschool rpg type of games.I do have a problem with Beamdog, who made the Enhanced Edition version. It is good over all, but they really screw up some few serious bugs that won't let you continue the game. It gave me some troubles that forced me to load the game to much earlier save, then search the internet for solutions. Don't let it block you from playing the game, just be aware of the bugs.ENJOY!"
,Recommended,228280,29347541,Posted: 18 January,all,Citru♡,"Around the ripe age of 9 or 10, I began my adventures with Baldur's Gate 2. Which, needless to say, the game shattered my entire existence with a ""big-bang"" effect and expanded my love for DnD, crpg's, and high-fantasy indefinitely.A few months ago I decided to revisit Baldur's Gate. I saw that BG:1 (EE) was on sale, as well as the second. After much deliberation I decided to plunge into BG:1, half expecting to be playing a dated, less interesting version of BG:2 despite many of the great reviews for the game. I couldn't have been more wrong.+ Immersive atmosphere+ Superb Storyline+ MANY mechanics & playstyles+ Amazing side quests and NPC's ( Korax the Ghoul, <3)+ Lore, Skills, Monsters, Spells; an entire world to learn if you wishThis game is not just a stepping stone to Baldurs Gate 2, nor is it dated in any sense. If you're expecting a game like Witcher 3, or Skyrim, then you may be disenchanted by the aesthetics at first. But if you're chasing a thrill that you got playing one of those other games, then I assure you, BG:1 will leave you with memories that will stay with you unto death, mayhaps even further.Enhanced Edition Content:I've quested with Dorn Il-khan throughout the entire saga; and I must say, a lot of the criticism people point at him simply holds no weight. Perhaps later in Baldurs Gate 2 there are some dialogue lines that boil down to ""joke"", ""good guy"", ""bad guy"", but that detracts nothing away from his persona and his quests. His Baldur's Gate quests are *phenomenal* and one ""scene"" of his side-quests had my jaw hit the floor. He fits in perfectly in my opinion.I've yet to quest with Neera in BG:1, nor Rasaad but I plan to. Apart from the companions, from what I've seen, the enhanced version features a lot of simple changes (GUI, Quality of life features, bug fixes, etc) that are much less simple than people assume. And on top of that, there's nice content added on top. For people who are butt-hurt about shelling out $10-$20 to beamdog because of some bogus hype-train to write-off the Edition's validity; I assure you, their opinions need not be taken into account.-- Note: There are SEVERAL options regarding graphics, difficulty, game tweaks, revisions, etc... so if you decide that you are strongly turned off by one aspect or another, then TRUST me, it's small potatoes and can easily be changed. Whether it's something as simple as font size in options, or something more like ""BigWorldSetup"" where you wish to simply change some enemy AI around (just tick an SCS mod boxes, and voila!) there are plenty of answers for whatever slight disdain you may have for a single aspect of the game.Overall this game has a huge potential for replayability, and is honestly the best $ I've spent in a very long time. This is not an aRPG, so if you're expecting to jump in and begin backflip fireblasting your way through mobs, then I'm sorry, wrong genre. However, if you can muster through ""x"" amount of levels you will reap the rewarding feeling of developing your character and party. There are LOADS of zones in which you can wander into and pillage loot, as well as find XP. There are several guides out there for those who may feel overwhelmed at the get-go, so don't be discouraged!"
76561198071239180,Recommended,228280,28767696,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sephrenia Troi,yeah baby..... im back :D
76561198086169552,Recommended,228280,28873946,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bealzebub,"This is one of the first games that I really committed to when I was younger, and I can easily say it has stood the test of time. Coming back to it after many years - and having learned a great deal about RPGs - it is very rewarding to play. I have tried to play other versions of this game using emulation systems and what not, and the EE is definitely worth it."
76561198030675361,Recommended,228280,28901614,Posted: 1 January,all,Fishbait,Just finished the expansion and it was very very good overall. I enjoyed the story and the new characters were very fun and interesting. I would highly recommend this expansion to any fans of Baldurs Gate!
76561198269406536,Recommended,228280,28909463,Posted: 1 January,all,bakerian1,This review may show that i have over 400 hrs on record playing it....truthfully i kept playing it far too late and woke up many times to the soothing music and nature sound effects.  It has caused several arguments in my house...  I don't know if i should be recomending it or warning people.  It is old school at its best...i had this Baldurs Gate 2 / Icewind Dale many many years ago.  If you like this type of game then you will love it.  All i need is Planescape Torment and i will probably be single again!
76561198007134892,Recommended,228280,29154175,Posted: 9 January,all,Master Matticus,"Years later, I can attest to the high replay value of this game. The enhanced edition adds to this with the new characters and sidequests. I've yet to start the Siege of Dragonspear dlc, but I look forward to the new content."
,Recommended,228280,27255439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cait Sith Detectives,"I played this game when I was much younger in its original release version, and have to admit I had worries with the graphics scaling to much bigger moniters with sharper definition, but its been executed flawlessly, and looks just as good my rose tinted glasses have it look in my mind. For fans of the original game who want to re experience it, and its successor, I highly reccomend! :DP.S Noober still exists..."
76561197985338177,Recommended,228280,27241216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Folei,"Great classic, Must Play."
,Recommended,228280,28812626,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,skybirdthing,"A historic masterpiece. This game holds in own even though its age is approaching 20 years. The difficulty in this game challenges you, but not to a point of frustration. I always felt like there was a way for me to win in a fight even if it didn't originally present itself."
76561197971145331,Recommended,228280,28930278,Posted: 1 January,all,CFNRachet,"Hands down the best crpg ever made. Single handedly revived RPGs and paved the way for games like planscape, the Witcher, fallout, Mass effect, and many more. Classic dungeons and dragons story but executed to perfection. Feels like an old school.pen and paper you played with your friends but graphically impressive as well. Classic game."
,Recommended,228280,29124927,Posted: 8 January,all,Gamer C4,"This is the best possible version of this classic rpg. Although it is not user-friendly and takes a little getting used to, the overhauled content from Baldur's Gate 2 greatly enhances the combat experience and brings new stories to the table with 3 brand new companions."
,Recommended,228280,28815541,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Romantic Sadist,"This is the best RPG of all time in my opinion. It has a fantastic rich story with great characters, strategic gameplay based on oldschool AD&D without the need to specifically understand AD&D rules to get into.This game can be played on easier difficulties if you just want to enjoy the story, or harder difficulties for a strategic challenge without becoming tedious as many RPG's tend to when played on harder difficulties.If you're not sure if you'd like this game or not, I'd recommend starting with the second game, as it's much more initially attention grabbing and introduces you to the more fun aspects of the gameplay while having a better story, and you won't miss out too much story wise since the two stories aren't directly connected. However I do recommend playing the first one at some point as it's still a fantastic game.For those old fans of Baldur's Gate, the Enhanced Edition is finally worth the pricetag, many of the glitches with the EE on release have been worked out and the online is functional again. Enhanced Edition also gives you access to all the classes available in the base BG II: EE game so you can paste character over and keep your character rather than having to start a new character between game."
,Recommended,228280,29019771,Posted: 4 January,all,Mabry,"This was a wonderful expansion to one of my favorite games.  It had the same feel and interesting story as the first.  A few things were out of place or lacking, but that didn't take away from the overall feel of the game.slight spoilers:The story is awesome, defiantly like playing a new game campaign that links the two games together (BG1 & BG2).  It amazingly shows Irenicus basically being this super powerful demigod in this small section of the sword coast just doing as he pleases and playing the inhabitants like a chess board.The trail at the end could seem obsurd if you pick or choose the wrong options.(Belt is the saving grace with the voice of reason, otherwise everyone seems to be acting ridiculous)"
76561198056054283,Recommended,228280,29046260,Posted: 5 January,all,Lord Ponticus,This game's pretty sweet. Enhanced version cleaned up some of the graphics...concept and gameplay are really awesome.
76561198007855291,Recommended,228280,28781609,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ozone,"Love this game, many childhood memories and great story! We just need a 3rd installment. Come on guys, make it happen!"
76561198019226015,Recommended,228280,28780021,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cheddar Bob,This game and Baldurs Gate 2 shadows of Amn Are hands down the best 2 RPGs in the entire world that has ever been.
76561198075448495,Recommended,228280,28772151,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sugar Shane,Great Game Thit Remake makes it a little easier but still a time Killer
76561198168131500,Recommended,228280,31620315,Posted: 8 May,all,wtad99,Enjoyable
,Recommended,228280,31750640,Posted: 14 May,all,Dobert Rowney Jr.,"For the original game and TOTSC expansion: 10/10The enhanced edition is just as excellent and as much fun to play as the original edition was when it came out in 1998. This is seriously a brilliant series of games, a true classic and the 'modernisation' does nothing to damage the original feel. There are certain additions that make gameplay a bit smoother. The new NPCs are quite fun too, although their own questlines are rather short and feel sort of forced.For the Siege of Dragonspear DLC: 6/10The expansion does still retain that great Baldur's Gate atmosphere and feel, but the joy from playing is unfortunately not as good as the original. First and foremost, the expansion crashes and freezes a lot, often in really inconvenient situations e.g. right before I was about to save after completing a big battle/lengthy section. It took me over 10 attempts to defeat the end boss for the first time, after defeating him I revived one member of my party that I lost, clicked on them to retrieve their equipment... and the game crashed. Further frustrating attempts at the end boss followed.The story in the DLC is also somewhat weak if I am honest, I simply cannot get over the idea of our protagonist casually going into crusader camps and not being recognized by ANYBODY. The hero of Baldur's Gate, the biggest threat to the crusade, casually walking about and completing quests for the crusade? That put me off a little bit.The DLC is a reasonable length though and does add a (sort of) nice explanation of what happened between BG1 and BG2.Either way, play this game, it's great."
76561198030823982,Recommended,228280,4020728,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Elise,Steaming pile of Broken crap.
76561197977430765,Recommended,228280,32136993,Posted: 2 June,all,X1Alpha2,"I liked a lot of rpg games when i was young (Fallout 1&2, dungeon siege, ultima online, therealikes...) but i never got hold of the BG and icewind dale series. I remember that i liked the box art and the pictures of the game on the backsite of it. But back then i never had the money to buy it. So then one day i decided that its time to finally get them and play the game i was so interested as a young one. Dont regret a thing played through the main campain of BG1 in a week playing on and on, just another hour just one more quest. Took me 40 hours and i didnt even play nearly all the sidequests, i will play BG2 slower it was more or less an accident that i played trough so ""fast"". This remembers me a lot of the good old days where you feel love in every pixel of the games. The art is beatiful and a lot of things are really good thought trough. Games like this arent made anymore, all the developers nowadays want is ""a broader audience"" and we ""made the game user friendlier"" wich translates into we took every challange out of the game so that even joe average with the mind of a 5 year old can get trough it.tl'dr good game even if you didnt play it back then."
,Recommended,228280,32205979,Posted: 5 June,all,PurpleXVI,"The good things about Baldur's Gate is that it has an excellent soundtrack, an excellent story and it uses the best edition of D&D ever: 2nd edition AD&D. That, and if you ever played it in the past, you've probably got some serious nostalgia going on for it.It's just a shame that even the Enhanced Edition can't fix the problems it had all along. These are partly UI issues(for instance, you can't see the blast radius on area-of-effect spells when casting them, which is kind of an annoyance when many of them blow your party up just as well as the enemy) and partly design issues(as examples, it's not fun when the game forces you to travel through areas containing save-or-die spamming enemies, and going through trapped areas is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since you have no clear idea of how far away the Detect Traps ability detects traps, many of them are instakills and it goes off in a ""sonar"" way, in pulses(again, not clearly communicated how often that goes off) rather than as a constant scan).But ultimately, it adds up to Baldur's Gate being the weakest of the Infinity Engine games. The Enhanced Edition definitely improves on the game's flaws, though, fixing up the UI in places, and making the game design a bit easier to suffer through by giving you access to some of the semi-broken chargen options from Baldur's Gate 2.Would I recommend this? Not to all people. In fact, I think that to a lot of people, it would be an INCREDIBLY frustrating and unfun experience. But if you put up with Baldur's Gate once before, I'm sure you can put up with it again.As for the expanded content, like Siege of Dragonspear... I have to admit, I gave up on Siege very early, for the simple reason that it removed most of the party I'd been rolling through BG1 with, more or less arbitrarily. Leaving me with only some pitiful scrapings that made it difficult for me to have a balanced party again. It just got off to an incredibly poor start and I wasn't a fan of it.Plus the way it tries to tie BG1 and BG2 together(spoilers, it partially bridges that period in between that the start of BG2 leaves nebulous), feels kind of like fanfiction. And by ""kind of"" I mean ""incredibly like."" If it hadn't, for instance, involved Irenicus at all, it would've been much stronger.In any case, I lost a bunch of hours to this. I'd say I enjoyed it."
76561198077970380,Recommended,228280,27377752,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Propaganda Pat,"A timeless Role-playing classic. With memorable charachters, an intruiging story, and fun combat."
76561198101292124,Recommended,228280,32510454,Posted: 17 June,all,dennisblogan,This is a great isometric RPG that I have played both the original version and now the Enhanced Edition. My only complaint is that it isn't always easy to find the person to finish the small missions and that there are alot of small missions. Not as long as a Fallout product but still pretty long. You will enjoy this one for sure!
76561197972672549,Recommended,228280,597743,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,Dirty Gaijin,"Awesome,I finally get to RP as my favourite basement dwelling wizard king son of murder."
,Recommended,228280,32695615,Posted: 23 June,all,_-=Groove=-_,Top-notch.
76561197984384983,Recommended,228280,32744299,Posted: 24 June,all,Leviathanos,"Baldur's Gate is a classic from my childhood. However, I really feel as though this enhanced edition should have waited until 5th edition D&D came out and used those rules. The non-combat gameplay is really great though and I would recommend BG on that alone. You could always do story mode where you cannot die and just lollerstomp your way through the fun story."
76561198086881087,Recommended,228280,32697483,Posted: 23 June,all,BladeRunner,"DnD (ADnD 2ed) classics.  Must try, have and know."
,Recommended,228280,32900028,Posted: 27 June,all,highlander126,Classic western RPG at it's best. A must play.
76561198099991370,Recommended,228280,32515709,Posted: 17 June,all,theonlypeej,After all these years.... just as fun as ever !!
76561198047032586,Recommended,228280,32554493,Posted: 18 June,all,aseas23,"I've come back to this game after many years. It's a great way to turn off your brain and explore a complex world. Nowadays, games are more about flash and graphics than actual depth in gameplay. This game is always a breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,228280,31620963,Posted: 8 May,all,arli,"just keep as memory, no recommend for new player"
76561198038951200,Recommended,228280,32984841,Posted: 29 June,all,ColdRain,"It works fine form me... one missing NPC... im using avarage Dell business laptop and win 10. I got it on some sale and have playd original also. Compared to original u can zoom, that is really nice and u get lots of additional quests and some charrs! Im 30+ its like going back to my childhood, loved it! And yes i do have original on 4 CDs at home :D with maps and shirt :D"
76561198119016922,Recommended,228280,29931422,Posted: 14 February,all,solardragons.mw,I want to play Baldur's Gate not the Seige of Dragonspear; how do I get the original game to play please
76561198114455061,Not Recommended,228280,8075364,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Myrmuz [IRL],"I recommend this for multiplayer ONLY. The game in general is a buggy mess and the writing and conceptualization of the new content is poor, badly conceived and does not fit with the original game at all. Even for a multiplayer recommendation the connectivity itself is abysmal: get used to being unable to connect to games, getting kicked during cutscenes and so on and so forth.Everything it does is done as well or better by the original plus mods.However, the original is pretty much impossible to play on multiplayer.This is not worth the price for something which is essentially a multiplayer expansion for a retro game. If it was 10 or less yeah sure I'd recommend it but as of now it's just a disgusting cash-in on the part o0f the developers."
,Recommended,228280,31096859,Posted: 12 April,all,Vítor Holtz,"Baldur’s Gate is not only a game to be played, but appreciated. It’s definitely what’s the game community urgently needs nowadays. More than robotic gameplays focused on endless leveling and meaningless rushing, this game offers to the player the  possibility to dwell into a fantastic and compelling plot, every detail of this game is crafted based on the very cornerstones of the RPG games, and by that reason, this is not just a kind of fleeting entertainment, this is something that you have to put some effort to fully appreciate, but it totally worth it.For those who are not used to tabletop RPG system (like myself) BG can be pretty challenging in the beginning, you will come across a tons of numbers and settings that won’t make sense at first glance, therefore, you have to delve a little bit into the D&D system to better enjoy the game, and just because of that, this game turns out to be not only a source of entertainment but a plunge into the roots of RPG, an experience which every gamer should have.BG has something that I miss In the majority of the games nowadays, the sense of challenge based on your choices and knowledge. You’ll probably fail in your first character, this is pretty common, but start everything again doesn’t represent a waste of time, but a new optimistic beginning in which your confidence, in front of you past mistakes, will take place and grant you hours of fun. Fortunately BG has a huge community that can help you grasp all the elements revolving classic RPG, and once you start to comprehend the basic dynamics of this game, it turns out to be a great experience.I’ve got almost 100 hours of gameplay until now and I didn’t even complete half of the game, this game manage to hook you since the beginning with nice stories and decision making, it will grant you a benefic addiction that can boost your logic/strategic thinking.  I’m very eager to get the next versions as well as the Pillar of Eternity, but I will take my time to fully appreciate every element that still waits for me.[/b] I totally recommend this experience! Camaraderie! Adventure! And steel on steel. The stuff of legends! Right, Boo? [/b]"
76561198040252304,Recommended,228280,31282596,Posted: 21 April,all,Fluffah,"Initial bug issues that caused me to refund the game on first purchase (Issues were very bad and it's shameful the game was allowed to be sold in that state) have since been fixed and runs better and more conveniently then the original.Multiplayer is improved and easier than ever. Makes it worth the purchase alone vs the original if you plan to play with friends.The new content that has been added in isn't really worth touching and in my opinion is cringeworthy at times, but I can appreciate the attempt.Good product."
,Recommended,228280,15346330,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Eggsdee,"A simple task indeed, Gorion's Ward a simple task indeed......."
,Not Recommended,228280,31328778,Posted: 23 April,all,buddywarner84,Decided to re instal the game today and due to some update they added it no longer works. Tried pretty much everything and there is a crazy lack of help or info online on how to fix it. Beware the dreaded update paused content file locked.
76561198016600058,Recommended,228280,31384543,Posted: 26 April,all,Kalameet,"One of the best D&D style RPG´s ever made. If you haven´t played this classic masterpiece I highly recommend doing it.Characters are well written too. There even is a talking sword, but I´m not spoiling it´s name here, just a little quote:""Are we gonna kill something now? C´mon, maybe? Something small,...anything!"""
76561198042674204,Recommended,228280,11295362,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kwiksnax,Balled her skate? Sounds painful...*Buh-dum-chish!*But seriously: one of the most important CRPGs of all time. Buy it immediately.
76561198079882415,Recommended,228280,31579636,Posted: 6 May,all,mhasemore,"I'd heard about Baldur's Gate many times as I had played most Bioware RPGs since Neverwinter Nights. It did feel somewhat nostalgic to return to D&D universe, and the old style of isometric RPG. While not the technically best RPG I've played, this first game held up surprisingly well.The story, overall, was pretty interesting and intriguing, especially from the PC's point of view. Unravelling the mystery of your own character was the most interesting aspect of the story, and that kept me hooked throughout.The party was good... initially, as compared to Neverwinter nights the party was much better at 5 extra members, and allowed much more flexibility in how your party is made. However, I was disappointed with the actual interactions you have with them - you barely have any aside from their related quests. That was really disappointing. Also with the party members... there were too many, and I started to get sick of refusing extra people because I already had a party I was used to. Also, the mechanic where the characters leave if you don't do their quests in time is immensely frustrating, especially when this quest isn't even in your quest list.The roleplaying options were very good, though, and easily superior to most ""modern"" RPGs... I rarely felt like I was forced into any interaction, and my protagonist had a good selection of dialogue. The dialogue itself was very well written, and what little voice acting there was was great.Inventory management, UI and gameplay is somewhat clunky, unfortunately. Constantly dragging items one by one gets tiresome at points, and takes some getting used to. Spell selection is also clunky - why couldn't the UI fit more on the screen at a time? Especially with how many spells there are.The quest system is ok, but doesn't always track the next desination well. Often it'll have a name to refer to, but you wouldn't remember where they were or in which building in which district. Using online resources is pretty much required if you want to avoid wandering around aimlessly for many quests.Still, it's clear that Bioware's care and creativity went into this game, and I would definitely recommend it based on that, even if the game can be a little frustrating. Modern games could use some more creativity and care in their games, especially in regards to BIoware itself."
,Recommended,228280,32275002,Posted: 8 June,all,felipefrog,Amazing RPG that holds up very well.
76561197988572700,Recommended,228280,32362395,Posted: 12 June,all,Mael Radec,User reviews: Very Positive. I probably wont say anything that already hasn't been said.My hours? It is an Enhanced edition... got the original discs right here boi B-)
,Recommended,228280,32370379,Posted: 12 June,all,david.tapper1989,"Baldur's gate, what can I say? It's an excellent game and the Enhanced Edition works very well. Very smooth game play, my one complaint would be that it does not work on the Intel on-board GPUs. Even though it's not very graphics intense you do need a dedicated card to run it."
76561198076524893,Recommended,228280,32404640,Posted: 13 June,all,St3aming Dragon,One of the best RPG games ever.  Also kinda one of the most classics.  I grew up playing the non Enhanced Edition and not usually one to play games over this game has some replay value with different choices as ya can make having different companions.  Good and evil play through.
76561198338389388,Recommended,228280,33654849,Posted: 19 July,all,cpu,Loved this game when it first came out.Now loving replaying it so many years later.One of my most memorable games ever.
,Recommended,228280,33641667,Posted: 18 July,all,-dR- Kaz,"Solid gameplay. Expertly written storyline. This game still holds great competition to even some of the most recent D&D RPG games to date. With a new graphics overhaul and its added key features, this game will send your nostalia nerve tingling all the way through to the end. Ready your party, Baldur's Gate awaits."
76561198010708829,Recommended,228280,33690602,Posted: 21 July,all,Three Wolves,"This is the game you think of when you think ""Classic RPG""! I played this.... well lets just say a very long time ago so I was happy to see it back out and remastered. I don't remember a multi-player in the original version, back then there were very few games made for multi-player, mostly just FPS like Quake, so if this multi-player works I'm going to call a few other ""old-guys"" and play us some DnD 2nd edition, (the best edition) RPG. I know the normal solo mode though is an awesome story line as it is, so well worth it.-Note: If you are a millinial or Gen-Z, you might not like this game because it does not have modern graphics. Not Final Fantasy, this is a classic game. But unlike the more modern games that have great graphics but predictable and shallow plots, This game has a well written dynamic plot and scripts. In addition it has some of the most memorable characters in ideo game history, such as Boo, the space hamster. and the most memorable lines, ""I've seen dragons with feet like rabbits, it's true, I swear it!""  This game from back in the day is known by EVERY Gen-X and Baby Boomer that had a computer in the 90's, and it will leave fond memories in new players as well. Just expect a great story, but not great graphics.P.S. This game was not intended to be ""beaten"" in x-# of hours. This is the type you are supose to play a few hours then go do something else (in the real world) and revisit Baldur's Gate the next day. So slow down, take your time and enjoy the journey. There's so much to see and do. Explore the whole map, don't just do the main storie(s) line.Want a quality game.... buy this, and buy one for your friend. Tell them to adventure a few hours with you to see if ya might find a new hobby."
76561198016424641,Recommended,228280,32025412,Posted: 28 May,all,Deo,+++
,Recommended,228280,33837800,Posted: 27 July,all,põhjamaade boi,"I didn't play any CRPGs apart from Torment when I was younger, but when the interest reawakened they were horribly aged and a pain to get working. This version, however, works perfectly.The main strength of BG is a true sense of choice. While many choices eventually boil down to ""we fight now and I'm angry""/""I'm nice let's not fight but you'll fight me anyway"", the fact that basically every dialogue has a bounty of choices makes it super satisfying to engage in conversations."
76561198046137219,Recommended,228280,33834679,Posted: 27 July,all,Faraleth,Can't recommend all BG EE enough!
,Recommended,228280,33791563,Posted: 25 July,all,Baron Bukkake,"A timeless CRPG classic, enhanced and made more accessible. If you're interested in fantasy nerd stuff, like abusing quicksaves, and enjoy reading, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,228280,33878839,Posted: 29 July,all,[TEW] L4byr1nth,"10/10, a must have for any self-respecting PC game collection. There has just not been an adventure game better or deeper since this."
,Recommended,228280,7321747,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Psychobard,"The Baldur's Gate of ages ago was the game that first truly got me into PC gaming.While I am pleased to be playing it again and not fumbling around with five game discs to toss into the CD rom at a moment's notice, I can't help but feel that some of the ""Enhanced"" additions are... less than desirable. Improved graphics are fine and all but modernization comes with pros and cons, especially in these days of political correctness and hand-holdingThat being said, the nostalgia alone is still powerful enough for me to attempt to turn a blind eye to the less obnoxious infractions."
,Recommended,228280,33938027,Posted: 31 July,all,Bicard,"Riddled with bugs with this enhanced edition, still one of the best games i've played!"
76561198030740539,Recommended,228280,33952965,Posted: 1 August,all,Predominant,game wont even launch any more. using no mods. reinstalled. still wont work. love the game when it works. Im using windows 7 on this laptop. did they stop supporting it? Havnt tried it on win10 desktopyet.win10 works just fine. maybe i need a new labtop.
,Recommended,228280,33978438,Posted: 2 August,all,AbsalomLied,"Love it - classic turn of the century RPG, updated for modern play.  The map markers are particularly helpful"
76561197999983844,Recommended,228280,34562652,Posted: 28 August,all,Jacobw1ooo,"I love this game, best D&D style, great story, great gameplay. I love this as a kid, and now I can play it again."
,Recommended,228280,35206283,Posted: 25 September,all,loveless,"still the same boss game it was, remaster has just tidying a few things up and made it look sharper. the game doesnt look dated really and its easy to still get sucked into the story"
76561198015480889,Recommended,228280,35131573,Posted: 22 September,all,Migblorsoft,Underrated gem. Vast improvement over the original. Dual wield Half Orc Berserker is the way to go.
76561198072542853,Recommended,228280,35170438,Posted: 23 September,all,Abyss,This is my all time favourite game series.I played so many hours because I give myself additional challengers by allowing no reload.It's a totally different experience but let me warn you: It could be very difficult and frustrating if you strictly follow no reload rules.My favourite character build is a solo sorcerer.He completed Solo Insane no reload multiple times and Solo Legacy of Bhaal.
76561198031580611,Recommended,228280,35232352,Posted: 26 September,all,kylezooie,I love this game! I can almost see the D&D shield for the Dungueon Master blocking his face from me with all his rules and disregard for my wellbeing. Super hard and yet so addicting.
,Recommended,228280,35232721,Posted: 26 September,all,Kep,"2e makes no sense, it's great.Mostly faithful to the original, aside from character creation."
76561198035587280,Recommended,228280,35356965,Posted: 30 September,all,ipgregory,First played this game 18 years ago.  Playing it again on a newer heardware with the Enhanced Edition upgrades is great!  Kudos to Beamdog for bringing this classic back!
,Recommended,228280,35475009,Posted: 4 October,all,Mr_Zed,Good.
76561198108731925,Recommended,228280,35517295,Posted: 6 October,all,skagzilla,Do Not Play BG1 on multiplayer and expect to finish the game. It is super buggy to play with a friend and you will hate your life. BG2 much more reliable.
