user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,228260,7743372,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,UpInFlames,"Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is a unique game that tries to combine major elements from two of the biggest and best turn-based strategy series in history, namely Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. Just like in Civilization, you start by founding a city, you improve it with new buildings, and then expand by founding other cities and/or conquering other factions. But taking a cue from Heroes of Might and Magic, you explore the fantasy world with your hero(es), the battles take place in a separate screen and you can do quests to earn loot for your hero.It’s a very interesting mix of two familiar concepts carefully designed into a surprisingly unique whole. For example, between dealing with other factions (whether you’re in war or not), you can scour the gameworld seeking out and completing various quests available to you whereas in Civilization there is not much to do in these moments except building your empire. On the flipside, it makes you miss certain elements from both Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. For example, even though you get to research civics, military improvements and magic just like you would research technology in Civilization, Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes lacks the clear sense of progression. Or to use the city battles in this example, in Fallen Enchantress they are exactly the same as they are anywhere else on the map whereas Heroes of Might and Magic provides a compelling conquer/defend mechanic in its city battles.It is perhaps unfair to compare this game so intensely to other games, but at the same time, there is no escaping the fact that these were very important and clear influences. The similarities aside, it needs to be pointed out that Fallen Enchantress totally nails the depth, scope and addictive nature that the genre absolutely requires. However, it does seem to favor the aggressive approach over the diplomatic one.The production values are modest. The graphics are rather outdated, but this is offset to a point thanks to the truly wonderful and distinctive art-style. Unfortunately, there are no excuses for the sound design. The soundtrack consists of a scant few derivative fantasy melodies whereas the sound effects are just poor.Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is a deep and addictive turn-based strategy game which doesn’t quite reach the very top the genre has to offer and as such won’t keep you playing for years to come, but it does offer a surprisingly unique mix of gameplay elements that will definitely delight any fan of the genre.8 OUT OF 10 (GREAT)"
76561198042798086,Recommended,228260,12947482,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mina (computer is being crap),"i'm not typically a serious fan of city/army builder games like this, but Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is one of those games that is just what I was looking for at the time. If you're a fan of Sid Meier's Civilization series, this game MIGHT be up your alley. In my opinion, it is way better in many ways. A lot of people say differently... So here's a rundown of why I recommend this game:1) You get to have a 'main character', which you either pick from, or make your own through customization options. You can also make your own faction up, so to speak and pick your perks etc.2) There is an EXTREME PLETHORA of troop choices due to customization options to create the exact troop type you are looking for, You can even customize how they look, including gender. Seriously, this is an amazing thing that I haven't seen in too many other games of this type.3) The battle system is like a hybrid of regular turn-based strategy games of this nature, and something like a less-intricate version of games  like Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, and Agarest (tactical battle games). See your unique leader and troops battle across actual landscapes, with terrain that affects movement and line of sight in a much more  detailed way than typical builder games. Strategize your positions. Feel like you're actually battling!!There's really only one big problem I have with this game, and that would be the lack of multiplayer... I hear it crashes a lot, but I haven't really had much issue with this. Other than that however, I don't really see a whole lot wrong with it. I saw someone saying it's not a 'completed game' but I felt pretty content with it. I mean, I wouldn't go paying 40 dollars for it but I wouldn't pay that for almost any game, simply because that's a lot of money to me... I don't make that much...Should you buy this game...? It really depends on what you want in a game. If you're a high-fantasy fan who loves customization and city building, maybe. If you're a fan of grid-based tactical combat games, it just might be up your alley. If you like all of that stuff, you'll probably like this game. Should you spend 40 dollars on it? Ehhhh..... I wouldn't but if you have tons of money to blow, why not? I would honestly wait for a sale, or do some more research beyond my review... I hope i helped you out somehow in your decision however."
,Not Recommended,228260,8723706,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Steveosaurous,"This game... I was really excited to play Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes.  I'm a big fan of tactical and turn-based strategy games and I couldn't wait to dig in. On paper, this game has pretty much everything a strategy fan could ask for. Your developing kingdom or empire has a lengthy tech tree with three distinct branches. You can engage your armies in tactical combat, controlling each troops movements a la Tactics:Ogre or just let the battle play out automatically from the overworld. You can use your sovereign to cast tactical and strategic spells, decimate enemy armies, and tame dragons to fight alongside your army. You can even customize your avatar, kingdom history, racial traits, and design all of your units.The list of things to do in this game is just about inexhaustible... which is likely where everything went wrong.This game is an incredibly un-polished experience, so much so that I wonder if the devs even test-played it, as this very much feels like a game that is still in late beta stages.  In my opinion, this is because there's just so much going on, that the developers were incapable of playtesting everything thoroughly. I ran into more than a few save bugs and stability issues, and late game lag is incredibly common, even on a very high-end rig. While the environment art is pretty exceptional and overa-all enjoyable, I found the character models to be among the most hideous designs I've ever seen. They are amateur at best and downright ugly at worst. While not a core component, I did feel like something was lost in the customization when no matter which outfit I picked, my sovereign still turned out to be an eyesore.But, due to the insane levels of customization and depth of gameplay, all of these foibles could be easily overlooked if not for one glaring, inescapable issue.The AI in this game may be the worst artificial intelligence I've ever encountered in a game of any kind. There are extremely limited diplomacy options, which basically boil down to: pay money, or be paid money for peace, neither of which are very fun or exciting. While more are unlocked later in the game, you're unlikely to ever see them before going to war. The AI seems to have one goal and one goal only: to declare war. It might declare war in the first five minutes of meeting you, or it might wait for five hours, but you can be damned sure it's going to happen.The way that the AI decides friend from foe is a complete and utter mystery to me. More than once, the enemy AI went from being my best friend (green happy face) to being at war with me the next turn, which was completely baffling. Once at war, the AI will throw every platoon it has at you. It will send all of its troops straight to their death, over and over again, never adjusting its strategy, until it has completely exhausted all of its kingdoms resources and must surrender to you.At the end of the day, I want to recommend this game so badly, because there is just so much going on that begs to be explored. But no matter how great the rest of the game is, there is just no way around the AI."
,Not Recommended,228260,13118224,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Reggie,"When I first saw what Stardock wanted to do with Fallen Enchantress, I became excited. All those video diaries about the lore of the world, the customization options, and the options for what you could do made me very excited for the game! Then I paid $40 for a complete mess of a game that, aside from being buggy, was very much a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥project that did not live up to my expectations. I gave up on that, but then I heard of the ""expansion"" to a bad game with a great concept: Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes! Although it looked like the exact same game for the exact same price, it couldn't be completely the same, right? They probably had to change EVERYTHING to fix it, essentially creating a new game, right? Nope. As far as I'm aware, there is no difference except for maybe a new faction and maybe a new map. As such, here are the reasons why not to give Stardock any more money ever.1). Tedious city building.To me, this game looked very much like a customizable game of Civilization that, considering the modders of the popular Fall from Heaven mod for Civ IV were working on this, I expected it to play like Civilization. However, although some aspects of city building are similar to the Civ series, it falls considerably short of it. Settling of cities can only be on certain places, and those places start with a predetermined Food, Production, and Mana. Once you place your city, there is no way to work the surrounding land to enhance them. Instead, you gain more ""resources"" by building outposts next to resources (iron, crystal, and mana) and then build upgrades on those resources. Your cities do not take part in this process, instead being used solely for unit production. Although you can build buildings to ""improve"" your cities, they never really seem to improve them that much. The game decided to follow ""a lot of a little is a lot"" making city progression a very long and tedious task that does not factor in units or later buildings, meaning they take FOREVER to build.2). Pointless Unit customization.In the game, you start off with a hero and a settler. You can explore and complete quests with your hero, and found a city with your settlers. Once your city is founded, you are allowed to customize units much like you can customize your hero. At first this sounds really cool; the possibilities are seemingly endless with the amount of equipment you can give your troops to improve them. But then you realize that equiping a troop with horses doesn't make them cavalry, or that equiping them with spears doesn't make them spearmen. Instead, the game simplifies combat to three basic unit types: Ranged, melee, magic. As you can guess, each type dictates how each unit attacks, either from range with a bow or magic, or up close with a variety of melee weapons. Although each weapon has a unique ""attribute"" that gives them additional functionality, these attributes hardly matter during battle. The only thing that matters is how hard each weapon hits, which leads me to my next point.3). Simplistic, boring, unbalanced combat.The game was trying to go for a hybrid between TurnBasedStrategy and TurnBasedTactics. In this case, combat takes place on a relatively small grid (reminiscent of chess) with environmental textures that add nothing to said grid. Both teams start on opposite sides of the grid and must kill each other. This is typically how combat works in TurnBasedStrategies(like Tactics Ogre or FFTactics), however, it is not handled well. The only variety of the combat grid involves the textures, so every battle will essentially play out the same way. Mix that with units that have no range limits, and early battles become a slogfest that is determined by how many ranged units you have/can kill quickly. The most complex tactic is which unit to focus fire on. There is no positioning/elevation advantage, useful abilities, unit variety advantage, or change in AI behavior. The AI have a suicidal mentality, and why wouldn't they? It doesn't matter if they die while targetting a single unit, they are only there to be a pawn in the great battle of attrition. If this sounds like the game is challenging, don't fall for it. This only affects early game, late game is a cake walk due to how OP troops become. Troops, unlike heroes, can be upgraded in SIZE, meaning that more soldiers will be in that troop. This increases the health and damage of the troop unit with each additional member. This means that troops will EASILY out perform any amount of heroes at any level with any equipment. These essentially godly units can only be countered by other godly units, which are...never made. Once you reach the max level of equipment, its smooth sailing.4). All around lack of variety.Overall, there is very little variety in gameplay. All the possibilities of the game are quickly exhausted after a few hours. The only victory condition I am aware of is conquest, making the game easily beaten and done with. There is no point to unit variety, so unless you want to create a challenge for yourself, there is no reason to change it up. With no random map generation, Stardock has resorted to selling map pack DLC for maps that add no actual variety or unique experiences to the game. Aside from singleplayer random game, there is a ""story/campaign"" that apparently tells a lore driven story of...something. I have played the campaign and found it very similar to a random game with extra random scenarios. It is apparent that the developers wanted the antagonist faction to be an overwhelming superpower that the player had no chance of standing up against, but I felt no sense of ugency to complete the story objectives. The final objective is for you to bring your hero into a portal and fight demons as a final resort to stop the ""invasion""(or something), but I found myself conquering their unneccessarily large quanitity of cities with ease(once again, late game cakewalk). However, stepping into the portal is a completely different story. Apparently your hero forgots to bring his army, because its him against max level demons. As you would expect, he gets easily slaughtered. This HUGE difficulty spike is artificial and unfair, as there is no way of preparing for it. Apparently the only way to win is to use magic the scenario GIVES YOU, meaning there is no way to prepare or create a solution.In conclusion, if you like the premise of a customizable TBS/T game that is probably easily modded(?), then this game is right up your alley. It is VERY rough and definitely needs a modder's touch, but the core concepts are there and, in the end, that's all you can hope for...*cries*"
76561197966721701,Recommended,228260,7783406,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Father Ribs,"If you are old enough to remember Master of Magic from the glory days of pc gaming, and Age of Magic, you will know what this game is.  4X in a fantasy vein with great customization ability for factions and leaders.  Stardock has been doggedly working to improve the game since it's first incarnation as Elemental, so ignore reviews of earlier iterations and check out the more relevant (and very positive) critical reviews.If you pick up FE:LH, there is no need to buy any of the earlier games.  As for DLC, though I have everything and enjoy them, the Undead faction DLC is the only one that really adds some enjoyable toys to the mix, unless you're like me and enjoy monstrous maps, in which case the map pack is worth picking up.Like most Stardock products, the developers seem to honestly care about their creations and their fans, constantly tinkering with their games long after release, just like Microprose back in the day.  Never been disappointed with anything in their catalog."
76561197995435201,Not Recommended,228260,13761171,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,uberluminal,"Not impressed. This game hits you from the start with unwanted hassle. You must create an additional user account on the developers servers to play the game. I don't want that. If a game is on Steam, it shouldn't need anything extra. No additional DRM or more accounts or anything. They want you to have an account so they can sell you tiny-expansions, which are annoyingly advertised in-game.Then you start the game and find out it is unbalanced in a dozen ways.I have gone through the motions of playing the game, and It really just isn't fun. Maybe it's because I have played dozens of games like it (that are better or more interesting).The designers created a complicated lore/item system, but forgot to make the game mechanic interesting.I bought this on a steam sale. Still disappointed that I spent money on it. Still annoyed about having to create an extra account that I get emails for. Still annoyed at the publisher Stardock software.4/10. If I was on a hypothetical deserted island and this was my only game.. I would play it. I guess."
76561198126278109,Recommended,228260,19193751,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Veksha,"This is not the best game i ever played, just decent. While it offers a large amount of content, there is still something missing.Well, what is good:Many different nations to play, and this is not orcs, dwarves and other elves we already seen in hundreds of other games. This is unique nations, mainly based on humans, with their own history.You can create your own nation and choose its strengths and weaknesses, i especially love this aspect of game.There is a constructor of units, you can create your own troops - arm soldiers with different weapons and armor, give them abilites and perks, this is quite complex system which offers a lot of tactics.Lot of different technologies to research, separated in three groups: economy, warfare and magic. You need to build cities carefully and specialise them, city focused on training troops is very different from city focused on research.Exploring of map is good too, there is different quests you may find as well as lot of treasures and monsters roaming around. Hiring heroes and developing them are important, in fact first part of the game, where you explore the map, hire heroes, locate resources and fight wildlife is the best part of the game. It is really good.Resource management is simple and logical. There is resource spots on map and you need to build cities or outposts to control this spots. For example, if you have an iron mine, it will provide some iron each turn and you can spend this iron on units with iron equipment. And so on.Well, it sounds like perfect game, but there is several moments that can not let me call Fallen Enchantress ""perfect"".First of all, there is very weak AI. Almost non-existent. AI nations are very passive, they can not offer a challenge. AI can not use all possibilities that game offers. And if you decide to increase difficulty level, AI will just have extra resources and bonuses. This is simply not interesting.You ask about balance? There is some issues with balance, it will take some time to explain this problems anyway... they exist, balance is not perfect at all.Diplomacy is plain and simple. If your nation are weak then AI will declare war on you. If your nation is strong then AI will not declare war on you. That is all. Of course, there is pacts, alliances and trade treaties, but i do not think there is much benefit from this.As for quests. In general, they all fit in simple formula ""go somewhere, find something and maybe kill someone in process"". But, to be honest, it is hard for me to invent something different so, well, quests are OK.Boss fights become disappointment for me. From very start, game told me a scary story about ""big, giant, enormously huge dragon that is extremely powerful"". Well, alright, i methodically gathered all my best troops and cautiously approached to boss domain, ready to retreat in any moment. There i saw a dragon and, well, my archers shot him and my pikemen poked him. Dragon died. That was all. It was not the epic battle i expected for...Pace of game is very slow. Really slow. You can find yourself not playing but just pressing one button - ""end turn"", waiting for something to happen. Yes, you can regulate the pace of game, but even on fast speed it seems slow for me.I did not finished any games i started in Fallen Enchantress. Because when you have a powerful army and strong economy, there is nothing that can stop you. It is simply not interesting. I can conquer all map and resistance is futile... preparations for war is much more interesting than war itself. And it was a huge disappointment for me because complex system of troop creation is really good and combat system are well designed.Last drop is multiplayer. I mean there is no multiplayer. You want to proof your friend that your strategy and tactics are superior? Not in this game, unfortunately.Well. Can i recommend this game? Yes and no. If you love to slowly and carefully build your Glorious Empire in fantastic world - this game is just about it. But if you want challenge from AI or want to play with friends - this is not good choice, try to check Dominions or Age of Wonders.For me game is good enough, i will play it from time to time."
76561197995389078,Recommended,228260,32211503,Posted: 5 June,all,Living Joker,"This used to be my favorite 4x of all time, despite all the issues it has.Pros:-It is extremely customizable, down to the units, faction, sovereign (unkillable faction-leading hero) and, if you find and use the right mods, town layout and optional buildings and even gameplay systems if that's your thing.-The early to mid game opponents put up a good challenge, especially early game.-The spell and mana system is broken, but in a fun way.-It's interesting to see what herores you have access to when the opportunity arises.-Early to mid game expansion is as exciting as most 4x's, finding resources and potential good settling sites, and dangerous when you come across enemy dens you can't deal with yet, but will have to soon.-The tech trees clearly, with the exception of magic, give you an idea of the types of buildings or equipment they'll unlock, making it easy to plan in advance for your next moves.-Leveling up cities to choose between bonuses either to those cities or your faction as a whole is a fantastic idea that I'd say is underused, but fantasy 4x's in general just don't exist in great variety.-If you have any knowledge about editing XML files, you can correct a great deal of issues you have with the game by modifying them that way.-Buying items for your heroes that are available to make for your troops is a nice addition.-Swarm, a combat bonus for attacking with friendly units next to the target in melee range, is an incentive to play a little more tactically, and sometimes worry a little more against high troop count units.Cons-The game is just ugly. They tried with particle effects but there's no hiding this is an early Unity game, and they chose the wrong engine to make it.-Speaking of the engine, the game runs horribly. I play far better-looking games that run much better and load several times faster, and they have never corrected the performance issues. Do yourself a favor and play on low settings, removing all the non-essential gussiness for your tastes.-The loot system's awful. There are plenty of worthless items, and I don't much enjoy taking out that camp of Strong enemies to find a ruined chain shirt there. Thanks RNG.-Speaking of RNG, most things in the game are based around some amount of it. The variation of everything in combat you can do, or prevent, is dependent on RNG to an extent. The world generation, obviously, while dependent on RNG, isn't very good without mods, and even once you get that working to your taste sometimes you'll find yourself in a position where you'll be at war constantly for expansion. And then there's the loot system RNG. You won't be pleased early-game to fight off a strong monster den only to find a ruined shirt of some kind, or a piece of equipment you can already buy in your cities, or a crummy potion, or yet another -initiative maul for heroes.-The loot variation would be nice if it wasn't fairly obvious by the time you become familiar with the game that there is one stat which is best above all - INITIATIVE. Any equipment or spells which boost initiative give you more turns and more chances to beat the enemy down in combat, usually before they have the chance to move. And after that comes whatever else you want to focus on; Mages will stay behind and cast spells, Assassins and Warriors will Maul the enemy up front (get the Maul skill on any melee heroes asap).-Ranged heroes and units are awful by the time they could be useful. Since combat map generation is somewhat randomized, the distance between units can never be counted on. Even though ranged units can attack any enemy unit on the map, EVERY RANGED WEAPON HAS A HEAVY INITIATIVE PENALTY. This means that the enemy will always catch up to your ranged units within a few turns or, if not, that ranged unit's spot in the army could have been better used by a faster, more damaging, more armored melee unit. So basically the game boils down to stacks of melee units against eachother, where whoever has the better gear (and sometimes better positioning) will win.-The late game. No matter what happens, either you or an enemy will be overpowered and unstoppable in late game, on respectable difficulties. This is a problem in nearly every 4x, but this one in particular has it BAD. Micro-management late-game is also an issue.-Not to harp too much on the RNG, but sometimes the game will spawn very powerful, dangerous monsters in the game and if they attack one of your cities, you can usually count on losing that city. I'd be fine with this if there were some kind of obvious timer to give you time either before it spawns or starts rampaging, but there is no such thing.-The AI is bad. Diplomacy, strategic map, combat too though it did get better over time.-Cheating. The AI cheats HEAVILY, especially early game. I once watched another faction's city start building three seperate upgrades in a row, with the progress bar stating 13 turns left on the first, 14 on the second, and 20 on the third, but they were all built in three turns. This is a sign that the AI is rudimentary to the point of mental retardation on the faction-managing scale, and the only way to make this challenging to a player is by giving you nothing but robust mongoloid opponents.-Speaking of cheating, the Betrayers trait Broken Loyalties spell, when under the AI's control, lets them by turn 100 use it every turn. This spell costs 1000 gold to cast. This means by turn 100 this faction is making 1000 gold per turn, when you as a player probably won't even be scratching 50, and effectively not just reducing the production of that one city they keep retaking to 0 but allowing them to destroy/sell my buildings when they take control of it. This is THE MOST BROKEN THING IN THE GAME. You'd be doing yourself a disservice not to mod this yourself to either remove it, or make its cost a little more appropriate to how powerful it is. (I modded it to make it cost the same as other city-destroying spells mana-wise, once I play against the faction again I'll see if it's still broken.)-Stamina from this year's update is a mistake. I understand why it was implemented, but I don't understand why now, and why so shoddily. The skills it nerfs or makes are underused or never used. For instance, my first turn moves usually involved taking my mounted spearmen to the enemies' front line and using impale, a spear ability that lets you hit two units at once in a line, usually doing less damage than a regular attack but letting me whittle down more of the army at once instead of one unit at a time. Now those units need to generate stamina on the first turn... So instead I just charge ahead and stupidly swarm the enemy, both with units and the Swarm mechanic. Stamina makes me want to use abilities LESS, especially since they added perks in the hero skill tree that you have to devote to gaining it or using it, when I'd rather grab a better passive bonus instead.I could go on here, but any more cons or pluses would be fairly minor to most players.Despite all these issues this is still my 3rd favorite 4x of all time. If the last patch to the game had never been applied, and wrecked at least two things, Broken Loyalties (presumably fixable) and Stamina requirement (not fixable), it would probably bump up a slot on that list, maybe reclaim #1 for me.There's a lot of complexity and choice in this game, and all the information you want, both of which are missing from a lot of other modern 4x games, and these are its biggest strengths. If you can overlook the many, many, many, many blemishes it has (or learn to fix them yourself or find some mods online that do) then you will find something very special here."
,Recommended,228260,9501028,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mechanical Lions,"If you had me describe my ""dream game"" it would likely involve grand empire management Civ style and battles would be turn based ""tactics"" style. While no game has really encompassed the rest of the details of this dream, this game does get a lot of it right. I've enjoyed playing this game and seeing it evolve even since Elemental. I do not think it's a perfect game by any means, but it's a lot better than what it started from. The problems that it suffers from aren't anything major. It's just a lot of little stuff here and there that tends to add up to an experience that feels slightly flawed but not in the context of a flawed gem. It's rather difficult at times, and given my experience with the game I can't always say it's been my fault either. There is a strong ""rogue-like"" vibe with some of the monsters that roam the map and I'm certainly not complaining about this. You have to pick and choose your fights, but often this is a bit deceptive in that I'm sure I THINK I could beat this whole nest of spiders because they are close to my army's power. It doesn't mean however said spiders won't shoot webs all over the tactical map so my melee units can't even move, then pick everything off with poison. Then other times you just romp over them like sewer rats. I'm not 100% sure I love random in my strategy games, but I do love it in my RPG games. That's kinda where this game stands too. It's half strategy and half RPG. I don't feel like it does either amazingly well, but there's just not many games that put these things together and have it cohesive. There's times where I'm not even sure if I'm playing the game right and I still have no idea what I should be doing. The point is though: It's fun to try.Any fan of Civilization that doesn't mind trying to defend their nation from literally being eaten by dragons should check it out. If you want a relaxed city-building experience, then look elsewhere as the game isn't catered towards pacifists and fighting is largely the entire point of the game with the empire building not quite in the background, but most certainly second stage.Another note: the developer has added a ton of content and balancing to the game on a regular timeframe. A larger ""2.0"" update is incoming as I write this as well as another expansion of sorts. I'd much rather see a company funded that has the idea that they will refine their game until they can justify paid content, over one that just sidecars new DLC every 3 months because they can. The DLC for this game is 100% not needed for a great experience and there's some rather large MODS that completly change the game's dimensions if you are into that kinda thing. This is a true PC gaming , strategy experience in my eyes with depth, customization, external support and so forth."
,Not Recommended,228260,8469918,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Needs Food Badly,"So on reflection I don't know whether to recommend this game or not. Civilization + Heroes of Might & Magic is in general a great idea for a game. The problem is in the execution.The good:-Lots of customization of your empire and character before you even start a game, including the look of everything.-Battle mode is engaging with good use of terrain and a variety of available tactics, with much deeper spell tactics than the typical HoMM game in particular.-If a battle is going to be a waste of time to run or you are running a very simple army, auto-resolving a battle will not result in an unfair result for you, so you don't have to fear losing units because you don't want to waste time on a nothing battle.-Empire UI is not the best and clearly inferior to Civ 5, but when you end your turn, it does not take long for computer turns to resolve even if there are lots of them. The game progresses pretty rapidly.The bad:-This game starts slooow. Your empire is tiny and difficult to grow. It really needs a fast start option where you start with several cities and heroes to get things rolling.-Most of the units you control are uninteresting. Prepare for a lot of soldiers and archers, rather than actual cool fantasy monsters. Some factions have special units, though.-Questing is not well-balanced and can easily lead to an army wipe with little warning, followed by a monster rampaging across your territory until you can get rid of it many turns later.-Juggling a large army becomes progressively more time-consuming and I found myself just parking large stacks wherever or wasting them on supermobs just so I didn't have to pay for them.-It's a difficult chore to defend map tiles you control. Any monster or enemy player can come in at any time from any angle and you have no way to get rid of them without sending out an army to deal with it. A ranged attack from city (a la Civ 5) would do wonders. Enemies can take over large swaths of your territory if you don't have a city there simply by planting a guy on your outpost. No battle, that territory is now his.-You can easily get a start position that completely screws you over in a random map, almost regardless of what settings you pick for random generation.-The various research trees are not well-balanced and you can easily bork your early development.In the end:This game really illlustrates why it's hard to make a good empire-building game or combine two popular games into one. It's not an easy fit."
76561198020474254,Recommended,228260,13800254,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Autumn Willow,"Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes  is the most played game I own in my library.  The game is beyond fun, it is everything a civilization builder should be and more.  The freedom to customize your kingdom from citys, to commanders (heroes) and army units is above and beyond anything I've seen in the gendre.  But were the game truly shines is it's hud system.  The hud gives you at a glance all the pertinent information you require in an unobtrusive way.  The game is beyond fantastic and I highly recomend it to everyone who wanted to rule a fantasy kingdom."
76561198061128041,Recommended,228260,10340387,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,KrimsonVagus,"Empire building like Civ 5 + RPG elements + extensive customization for your armyIt sounds like a winning combination, yes? Let's find out..First off, the ((tutorial)): videos and encyclopedia feature explains most of the basics very well, so the learning curve is pretty smooth. So even though it is clearly a complex game, it's not hard to learn and play with most of the features. You still have to experiment yourself to master the customization features, which is great cuz such features are usually up to experienced players to make use of them anyway.The ((campaigns)): were mostly boring. They emphasized the RPG aspect of the game (hero leveling and skill trees, magic casting and equipment etc..), but it also had some of the most repetitive quests ever, which is a shame cuz the story and lore are rather well-written. Unfortunately, you never feel attached to the characters in the campaign. They feel like robots, and you are playing with them only cuz you have NO OTHER CHOICE. Also the research tree is often reduced/butchered, even though it is one of the best features in this game... Ignore the campagin!The ((customization)): Here's where this game really shines! Where do I begin?First time playing, you might want to pick one of the standard races to play, so you can learn the basics and experience which type of gameplay you prefer >> science victory, diplomatic (almost pointless), Quest victory, or all-out DOMINATION.There is attention to detail in the factions. On their own, they are well-balanced. Their different abilites actually greatly impact their play-style, even MORE here than in Civilization 5 for example.Later on, when you enter the cauldron and make your own faction (better with the Leader Pack DLC), here's where you get to produce some game-breaking (and pretty fun!) factions, like giving them supreme unit bonuses for combat OR giving them several opened-up researches for a quicker science victory...Unit customization in-game is even MORE fun and you can make use of the resources at your desposal depending on what you have and how much you have of each... You can edit everything: cosmetics/facial features, colors, weapons, armor, magic trinkets and special perks.The research tree and city building: These are the second best features here. The research tree has geat impact, and you feel the difference with each upgrade almost immediately. In fact, factions with high research bonuses will most likely win easily if they are given enough time and space. You need to attack them ASAP if you're playing military style...Growing your city and gaining territory is actually addciting here, also with great immediate impact, depending on your decisions. You get bonus buildings with growth etc..I'm not gonna say much about combat: bacis tactical style. Nothing remarkable. Heroes are better playing in support function with abilities rather than tanking or dealing damage (unless you have exceptional items). They don't die permanently either. You will mostly rely on your melee units to deal damage and tank.. and pretty much do everything in combat... everything else is just support. It's all about making melee units PLUS upgrading them ASAP before the epic monsters show up at your doorstep and ruin your life...The biggest PROBLEMS with this game are:1) Unit models: despite all the customization, the unit models are remarkably UGLY! Whatever facial features you pick for your sovreign/hero you will rarely find him/her looking the way you want. The graphics, while sharp, are overall not appealing compared to other games in this genre.2) Diplomacy: many features BUT unclear! You have no idea why your rivals like you one minute and HATE you suddenly. You might be fighting a common enemy one minute, then 15 turns later they declare war one you even though you are clearly much stronger than them. No rhyme or reason to dimplomacy... and no point in the diplomatic victory mechanic. War is more frequent and more profitable.3) Starting locations: The main reason why some factions win is most likely gonna be affected by the abundance of resources and tile yileds on starting locations. City locations on Essence yields are more powerful than any other, especially when improved with city spells. And if you don't start with at least 2 crystal  and 2 iron near you... you are gonna have a hard time upgrading your units later on. It almost makes the customizations pointless cuz all of the advance items and equipment require these resources! The starting locations are IMBALANCED in the custom games... and the AI makes poor decisions when settling new cities.4) NO MULTIPLAYER!The DLC: depending on how you like to play>>If you want better customization and custom game variety: Leader Pack DLC + Map DLCIf you want an extra race with unusual mechanics: Dead World (for playing as undead)If you like to play around mainly with hero quests and epic equipment: Loot Pack + Quest PackBattlegrounds DLC: I don't own this one because it sounds pointless. Why would I want more map variety if there is NO MULTIPLAYER?They don't affect each other very much. Right now, I only recommend Leader Pack and Map pack (I like the customization), cuz the extra loot gets boring quickly and the Dead Nations have lots of bugs and/or poorly balanced. The extra quests can be fun, but I find them just distracting me from conquering other factions instead, or going for straight up science victory.Ultimately, it's a fun game, BUT I only recommend buying it on a big discount. It is NOT worth the full current price imo7/10This is my playthrough using a custom faction for Magic/Science Victory:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANWPt0PlLWQ&list=PLP90c0klxXzixV1v74MxSOg3CJp_Cr3-u"
76561197999620234,Not Recommended,228260,12081256,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,DoomBuster,"I really, really wanted to love this game. For a while, I could also ignore its glaring problems, because there's simply no other game out there that properly scratches my itch for a ""Master of Magic"" experience.On paper, all the right elements exist in Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes. However, the execution just doesn't cut it: from the lack of variety, uninteresting factions, and bland presentation - including unappealing looks AND poor perfromance at the same time - to the way the tech tree, hero progression, equipment price / gold production ratio (wtf 40 turns to buy one piece of leather armor?!), and available spells combine to create an experience that kept me dozing off most of the time - even when my entire army suddenly gets wiped out by a random encounter (wandering monsters tend to be much more powerful than all competing factions combined.)Sorry for not being more specific, as it would take too long. My advice - give it a chance if you're curious, but don't pay full price, and don't expect much. What a wasted opportunity by Stardock."
76561198031289673,Recommended,228260,25035338,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Notanothergamer13,"I read the reviews on this game and honestly, I don't know if can go by them or not anymore.  I ordered the ultimate package so I would have the add-ons, paid the full $40, and for that amount I will be replacing every other game I own.  Here is why...I love Civ series games, Heroes of M&M, Age of Wonders, Endless legends, GalCiv etc, those types of games, but they always had me looking for ways to make: decisions, resources, battles, buildings, etc to mean more and to be more meaningful, more important in the game while not sacrificing anything too much.  For me, Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes Ultimate pack is the game that finally did that in a satisfying way.The Civ aspect in FE:LH is that you will need to establish cities to expand and keep up with the game.  Now there is not unlimited city placement freedom, as in you cannot build just anywhere, but just pick a bigger map and there will be plenty of places.  Picking a location is much less complex since you base it on just one tile and then primarily its resources instead of mostly tiles.  From there, your city is a lot more about what you build in it and the path you take with your city.  There are many paths your city can take.  In fact, just to start it will become either a Fortress, a Conclave, or a Town, and what you want and in which order depends on your style and position your kingdom is in, because each of those choices branch into choices of their own set of choices.  So it isn't Civ, but it does what Civ does in a less technical, more obvious and transparent, yet sets up meaningful choices and decisions for developement, not resting on just placement and specialization.One thing to note is there are no airplanes are boats, that part of Civ is gone from FE:LH.  There is no underground like in AoW either, so there is only one dimension, but in this one dimension is actual multi dimensional exploration; the land is broke into areas that feel like their own and require more of your army to be able to explore.  Even when you reveal the whole map, the world just unfolds into a giant search for a bigger army, better loot, with the constant hope of finding something else awesome with the epic you just got until the map is cleared...basically, it is an epic waiting to unfold as you explore the world each time.Another big thing that is different in FE:LH is battle.  You can do battle like in Civ in this game and just let the computer throw dice for you... or you can actually control the field and make combos and plans that make losing numbers an invincible force.  It isn't always that way, sometimes you are just s.o.o.l. but that is how it goes.  This difference makes the whole feel of battle change, it feels meaningful and important.  Not only does it decide the fate of your army, but each battle can cost more or less depending on how much you pour in to it.  The battles are simple and fast, but require good use of characters to change the tide of victory.The fantasy thing isn't my real calling, but the fantasy nature is one that is both fitting and natural, to the point where the fantasy world seems believable.  The art is considered less than good by many, but when I play it I see detail and character, clean and easy to look at, I wouldn't change a thing about it.The real draw for me though, besides the customization and how you can make your Civilization as many ways as you can think of, is that figuring them out in a game so full of characters that also have their own paths, that just exploring the map is fun each and every game, because it is so different and it is how you build your character.  Character building is now as important as empire building and for me, that is worth trading in underground, sea, air, and space tiles.If you want a spin on world building that includes character building and kingdom design and you don't mind having to get creative to get the full experience, say goodbye to Sid and your family and try out FE:LH Ultimate Edition."
,Recommended,228260,7746028,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,greywolf00,"Unlike most people I liked Fallen Enchantress better so take my review with a grain of salt. The new hero trees are stale and boring. Yes you have more control over building the hero but I no longer find myself weighing the Pros and Cons of the random selections in FE. While the new prestige system removes the randomness of finding heroes it takes away some of the feeling of wonder I had previously. Eliminating the multitude of different damage & armor types for universal consistency & weapon specific special moves does slightly erode some tactical decisions. Heroes were massively nerfed in this addition and it feels like a bit too much. Overall, still a solid game and for me, this series lags only behind Civ 4 & 5 for hours invested in 4X games."
,Recommended,228260,8733054,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,AvG,"Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heros is best explained as a Civilizations type genre where you build up an empire with cities and develop them while fielding troops to protect your piece of the world as the A.I. competes against you. You are given the freedom to choose from the individual races included or customize everything you want from your living avatar to the lowely footman securing your borders. In addition to maintaining your empire as it grows you use your avatar to search for new resources to conquer and complete quests to grow in wealth and power. The world also grows with you in power, monsters that litter the landscape will reposition and gain in levels if unchecked, becoming fearsome legends in time. Should you take care of them earlier on or risk everything and wait for a bigger payoff? It is a turn based game and large world games can stress lower end computers in the late game but smaller or medium worlds are stable. I would recommend having at least the higher end computer requirements if you wish to play the largest settings."
76561198023899681,Recommended,228260,15498576,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ckreptile,"Phenomenal game. Very addicting and really fun. This game is a lot like Civilization but it's set in a more medeival fantasy world with dragons, and demons and stuff. Also you can cast spells on the terrain and in combat. I'm a pretty proficient RTS player and this is one the best strategy games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,228260,16088163,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zac Starfire,I really enjoyed this game and all of its addons.This game seems to have it all!*** RPG Elements & Levels*** Champions & Heroes*** Quests & Magic Items*** Necromancer & Undead Sovereigns*** Spell & Skill Trees*** Multiple Tech Trees*** Diplomacy & Trade*** City Building & Management*** Turn-based Strategy & TacticsI Highly Recommend It!!!
76561197974984489,Recommended,228260,14506126,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Katmad,"Been playing this on and off for a while now. Appears to go through intermittent periods of stability current release (as of 03/08/2015) appears extremely stable.Personally I feel the DLC does not bring quite enough to the table. And although I had pointed out I wish it had a random map generator - Xerberus86 pointed out that there is indeed a random map generator - NFI how i missed this in the past. A quick google shows that this was introduced in a patch version - however I am more likely to believe I just never clicked the ""random"" button to get it working!Game feels really stable at the moment and although the AI leaves a little to be desired at times - the game itself is very enjoyable and for a $40 investment (if you enjoy this genre) it is unlikely to dissapoint."
76561197997419049,Recommended,228260,22695241,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ChameLeon,"I won't repeat most of the points people were saying about the game, but I must point out one of the main strengths of this game: modality.  I know, many games are modable, but here is the game where almost all cons are addressed by the mods. And it is possible as  you can mod almost anything starting with graphics and going deep in to game play.  So, some reviews point out that AI is passive and not challenging?  Not so with the mods. It will be competent and agressive, expanding, building armies, using magic with right mods, particularly with xtradeconstruct.Not enough factions, a bit  dry lore - children of storm introduce new ones with new unique units and lots of lore described. Together  with some other mods I have about 30 factions, some of which like ice giants, centaurs,  spider people are very unique and all of them well thought through.Want more heroes with different skills,  from different races, then go with Champions Bonanza.Twice as  much as vanilla the number of new techs, specific for different factions - xtradeconstruct.With major mods, the game looks polished and complete. And that  way it absolutely gets where it wants to be - fairly balanced, civilization like fantasy game with great  amout of variety, strategy and tactics.I certainly recommend it to every person, who is looking for best 4x titles to play. Just don't forget to explore and install mods before you start!"
76561197968331161,Not Recommended,228260,14792135,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Danger,"This game is addictive and fun, but it's also very buggy and crashes.  I'd give this a neutral rating if i could but since I can't I went with a negative rating since the bugs stopped me from playing it."
76561198058662627,Recommended,228260,14060726,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GasBandit,"A 4x game that is part Civ 4, part Fire Emblem, extremely customizable and probably the most engrossing strategy game I've played in years.  Definitely a solid buy.More info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siLA8VW7yw4"
,Recommended,228260,33062730,Posted: 30 June,all,Hawk,"Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes is one of the most criminally underlooked 4X strategy games out there. It doesn't help that Stardock itself doesn't understand the franchise and radically changed the game's structure with the inferior Sorcerer King games.What sets FE:LH apart:- A unique world setting. The gameworld is ruined at game start. All civilization has been destroyed by the Cataclysm and you are tasked with rebuilding. Most of the world is uninhabitable with only select places on the map being suited for colonization and wild enemies roam the map. You'll encounter quests and events from those surviving and those regarding the history of the world and its twisted creatures where even living gods were perverted.- Many victory conditions including your usual 4X conditions such as conquering, but also an ascension to god-hood and a master quest to redeem the world itself.- Each faction in the game can be used by different leaders and each faction plays differently allowing for quite a bit of replayability and roleplaying.- Strong creation tools and modding allowing you to create or change the game significantly. The modding scene has dried up but many mods are still compatible.Negatives:- DLC is pretty lackluster with Stardock clearly trying to mine the fans of the game for more money. Among the more damning is The Dead DLC where the AI is completely inept at playing with the new faction's unique mechanics.- Tactical combat isn't the strongest but functional. It's not anywhere near the complexity of something like Age of Wonders.- Stardock in general. The game still has issues that they never fixed or modified and it's become clear over time that Stardock has abandoned what made this game good in order to repackage and appeal to new customers with the more limited ""streamlined"" Sorcerer King games.While not a perfect game, Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes is a great 4X game taking place in a unique world. I highly recommend any serious TBS fans give the game a look."
76561198076109289,Recommended,228260,10786014,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DEZ' VenocTress,"Hi everyone, this is my very first game review :)As a tactical and turn-based strategy game, this game has everything fans dream: characters with unique skills, 5 classes making different play-style, city-building and development. Also, a great fantasy-based mpa makes the game more challanging: it is not just the other kingdom nor the empire your enemies, but the A.I. monsters. Quests are also available in game to gain experience, fame( which gives champions at certain level ). It also provides different ways to win the game: solving some EPIC quests.When it goes to combat, the game has a wide range of spells, tyes of troops. Each provides customized style of tactical gaming. What would you be? A master in sword, a summoner or a assassin in shadow? It is YOUR choice.I played for more than 90 hours but still, a lot for me to explore. Like the escapist said, ""you can devote hours without even knowing it. """
76561198033287437,Recommended,228260,23356161,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Shailo,"The problem with Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is *not* simply that it lacks Artificial Intelligence, but that lacks any intelligence at all. The amount of noise simply overwhelms the information and that is a design flaw that permeates the game. The designers simply do not understand that communication is about *meaning*, and you cannot meaningfully communicate if everything that you say is interrupted by something else, which in turn has been interrupted . Or that you drown out what is important by endlessly repeating statements about the irrelevant. Granted that these half-spoken communications eventually unwind off the stack to finally speak the rest of what they were supposed to have said, but the connection between pieces has been lost.Stacked Modal dialogs that are half-statements of things interrupted is an idiotic paradigm beyond comprehension. Yet this is the paradigm that the designers of Fallen Enchantress have built into the control loop of the game.But the basic principles of communication are not just abused in this manner.Some guy will complain that you are intruding on his territory, but not tell you where. So that intrusion could be a transient event created by an automated scout or it could actually be a meaningful complaint about an army. But you don't know which because city boundaries are often not clear. All that you know is that something has happened someplace and maybe you should do something about it if you could.Some alert will announce that there are enemies in your territory, and it has announced it for dozens of turns. But the alert is not relevant because the beasts are holed-up in their cave and still remain too strong to take on. That information then should be check-boxed and excluded from the alert, but instead it is repeated turn after turn, to the point that it is eventually ignored. Yet *all* intrusions use the same alert and so ignoring that one can leave other, more serious intrusions, ready to pounce from the bushes.Tactical combat takes place in an arena that reflects the locale, and there are often building and trees in the area. This is a nice aesthetic touch and a sensible paradigm. But unfortunately, in Fallen Enchantress, those buildings and trees are fixed objects and do not become transparent when the space gains focus. That means that these objects can obscure armies and placements behind them, leaving you blind when you try to move into that space or attack enemies on it.Possible movement squares of armies are highlighted as are those of the opposing armies. Unfortunately, the base color is light blue, and the movement squares of friends is light green. Closely examined, the difference is clear, yet errors in placement are often made because those colors are transparent pastels and not easily differentiated with a quick glance. Again, clear communication was not the objective and so it doesn't take place.There are various other problems, and others have talked about them and the poor AI in the game, but the problem is deeper than any. The problem is that the developers do not understand what they are doing. They might be competent programmers but they do not understand design and the necessary flow of communication and execution that makes working within the world they've created a pleasure. This game works, but working within it is a pain because you have to fight with it to get what you want done.Behind the mess is a game worth playing, but you'll need a fair bit of patience to reach it."
76561198044896115,Recommended,228260,33872641,Posted: 28 July,all,jessicagc,"I'm not going to write a lengthy review, but I played many many hours and started with just Fallen Enchantress and got Legendary Heroes as soon as it came out. I haven't found a game that has interested me as much since.  It's kind of sad!"
76561198082613126,Recommended,228260,13363523,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Percy Jackson,"This is a 4X+ fantasy game that shows the years spent in its development and polish.Standout Features:- Huge game with a large technology tree, and many rules.- Easy to learn but difficult to master (I take this as a plus......)- Many ways to play, and many ways to win- A variety of maps- Resource Management - RTS Style for mana, iron, horses, etc- Abilities for units- DLC adds to the game and makes it much better- Customization for everything: factions, leaders, city upgrades, unit design (alpha centauri style)- Notably, good customisation for game start and in-game options. Really fine controls help you tweak things.Standard 4X features:- City building, unit creation, resources, unit leveling, maps, technology tree- Good graphics- Nice cloth map when you zoom out- ModdingFantasy features (not usually found in a 4X):- champions- faction attributes- sovereign (leader) attributes- magic: spells, mana, magic paths- quests- items- wounds to championsThe only cons are:- The AI is bad. This is typical, however, for the genre. Even Civ V AI was bad.- No multiplayer. In any case, games are usually too long for efficient multi-player- Help could have been more detailed for the more intricate aspects (and power players)- Tiny game-provided campaign (but the customization should be enough to keep you occupied)- Game balance could be slightly better"
,Not Recommended,228260,7763793,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gatemoth,"This game is very similar to tactical strategy games like Heroes of Might and Magic and King's Bounty.What it adds is civilization elements such as choosing technological paths, civic production, and unit design.  What it loses is interesting combat, reasonable game lengths, software stability, and user interface.There are some flaws that are particularly aggravating.  The game decides on its own when a player has completed his turn and  automatically enters the AI cycle, often when the player isn't completely finished.  The spells seem to range from worthless to overpowered without managing to make the combat more interesting.  Above all, a lot of turns are just spent doing nothing while waiting for construction to complete.I'd suggest looking to King's Bounty: Armored princess or Heroes of Might and Magic III (or 4) before this game."
,Recommended,228260,7316080,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,SnakeNtheGrass,Its like a lite-Civilization game with alittle RPG and Turn Base combat involved.   Everything comes together perfectly.  One of those games where you just wanna take one more turn before going to bed.
,Recommended,228260,25505714,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Lemonocle,"I feel bad that I hadn't reviewed this game. It's a really fun 4x game. Broken in some ways (your heroes can get wayy tooo ""Legendary"") but I actually enjoyed that to a degree like I did in morrowind and I found that it actually gave me more fun ways to play the game. No multiplayer. BIG downside."
76561198032339284,Recommended,228260,13933528,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,poddal,"I gave FE:LH yes to reccommed because I felt it had some very nice gameplay features.  I like the idea champs level up and can use items.  The customization is awesome. To be able to design a unit type during play and start producing them is outstanding.  For the most part the game is fun and easy to use.  Now for some of the things that you should be aware of before you jump in.  Serious pathing issues on game. for example it will show that you can make it to the enemy in one move. showing a straight line.  when you click button your pawn is sent off on a zig zag course and does not make it there or leaves you in an enemy controlled zone even though your army and enemy army were in your zone. This sometimes leaves your army open to a spell attack that can seperate or decimate your army alowing the enemy to mop your army up.  unfortunately once movement has begun there is no way to stop. some operations require double click and other single.  This lends to accidental clicks and the auto end turn finishing turn before your done.  lastly the most frusting for me, but bare in mind i stlll like to play, is on larger maps when map is nearly all occupied.  The game starts crashing.  At first i thought memory issues or graphics or what not but, this is what i found.  when game crashes and i validate files one file fails.  Validation fixes it and when it crashes again same file fails.  I personally can continue on like this but when it happens every 4-5 turns it gets a little annoying."
,Recommended,228260,12333579,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,rastlin80,"This game was a lot of fun. At first it was a little hard and I didn't know what to do. I quickly lost my first scenario as I was overrun by both wild creatures and enemy forces, but I felt like I learned from that first atempt. I used my new knowldege to fire up the same scenario again. This time I got much further but eventually I lost again. With each defeat I learned more and used that knowledge to improve my game. I learned that when I make custom units if I want to be able to upgrade them to plate mail later I need to give them the plate mail ability even if my current armour is only leather.I also learned that once a unit is trained as a foot soldier of some type it can not be given a mount latter on (I don't like that rule but knowing it helps out).there are small differance between the factions but I don't really see that much of a differeance between how the factions play. The biggest differeance is the Sovierng you start with.I wish there was some form of multiplayer even if it was hot seat. I also wish there was naval units/war fare. Whenever you run into a body of water there is no way to hop on a boat and travel. Still I've had lots of fun playing this game. Especially when fighting dragons and other big optional bosses on each map."
76561198030961826,Recommended,228260,10688731,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zunfamily,- Running a bit sluggish even on my top level game box.- Graphics are mediocre and loot/quests get repetitive real soon... well real soon has turned out to be 200 playing hours. Game is addictive and gets my recommendation.
76561197983688965,Recommended,228260,12831592,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Apn,"This is a really fun fantasy strategy game, it has a really nice feel to it, being able to master really powerful in game items like dragon acolytes, ogre lairs and mercenry camps bring a real sense of satisfaction to advanced gamplay. There is a really cool quest and treasure system you can use to get experience for your heros. There are even raid type areas you can go into for bonus loot and there are plenty of ledgendary items your heros can loot.now the negatives, if you play for lets say more than 5 hours in a game in total all the quests dissapere and all the special areas dry up and it hard to level your heros without declaring war which inevitably due to you having most probably 1 or more dragon and several troll and ogre units with heros geared and level beyond god status you will wipe out the enemy 1 city at a time every time very easily with no contest.The diplomatic element in the game is pretty much non existant. if you are more powerful than the enemy they will pay you to leave them alone and vice versa. there is no other end game plan as far a diplomatic ai is concerned.my gripe is end game play is a massive black hole that doesnt even seem to really exist, once you have power and massive arimie there is no reason to play the game you cant5 even quest for fun, if they had more diplomacy options the game whold have lasted longer.Some times a game will get bugged and crash to desktop every few turns no matter how much you reload it. that contributes to lack of desire to finish a game after a few hours of play. The roaming monster mechanics can be a real pain as a massive all powerful elemental torments your realm and is immune to damage until you get more powerful items, this is a flaw in the gamplay and should not happen as it is massivly unfair as the start of the game is a massive land grab even the very large maps are quite smalland there is no place to go except wrestle with a beast you cannot kill that keep rampaging through your settlements.having said all that it is still a fun and interesting game with colourful elements you cant find anywhere. its incredibly immersive and has a real D&D feel to it. If you bought it it would keep you interested for quite some time. But as i mentioned before it hasnt been built to reach a deffinitive apex and your advanced games will simply be logged out of and never played on again. so potentially it has lifespan on an epic scale but your games will nevrr achieve these levels and its sort of frustrating leaving epic loot and god heros simply because there is no more game left."
,Recommended,228260,13946542,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Epic Fail Guy,"This game seems to be somewhat controversial due to being a standalone expansion to a previous game. I bought it without having played the previous installments, and I find it awesome. I have tried several of the latest fantasy 4X games in the spirit of Master of Magic (Age of Wonders III, Warlock: Master of the Arcane) and this one is by far the best IMHO.The balance between strategy, city development, hero development, tactical combat and adventure/RPG events is just right. The magic is great. The tactical combat is good - not as deep as in AOW3, but more than enough in my book. Very similar to that in Master of Magic. The variety in sovereigns and the possibilities for roleplaying ensure replayability.But the best feature is that you can create your own units! Instead of having only a predefined range of units, you get some guys, give them a particular weapon, armor, mount, special boni and characteristics, art, etc. and you design your own kind of troop - of course the more powerful you make it, the more it will cost to actually build one. I spent hours fiddling with the unit builder alone.The AI has been criticized, maybe it's not the best but to be honest I don't see the difference with other complex 4X games. Even in an universally appraised franchise like Civ games, the AI is just not that intelligent and higher difficulty levels work by cheating, giving the AI boni and knowledge that the player doesn't have access to (those nuclears that always went to your only city without SDI in Civ 2, lol). I suppose adding extra elements like magic doesn't help with making human-like AIs - the AI in Master of Magic was notorious for doing really dumb things and cheating a lot, even more so than in Civ, and all of us that are old enough to have played that in its time had a great time with it. I'm having a great time with this one too, and to be honest the AI didn't catch my attention for being bad at all, I only learned people had a problem with it by reading reviews. Maybe it was worse in previous versions and they have improved it over time, as I bought the game when the latest version was already 1.7.My only gripe with this game is that it doesn't have a hall of fame: even though it gives you a score and a rank, it doesn't keep track of your best scores... it's a somewhat dumb thing to care about, I know, but I'm competitive and seeing my best scores and trying to beat them motivates me a lot. The developers said they are going to add this feature eventually, I hope they do.But in summary, great game, lots of good content and many hours of fun in it. I think it's very underrated and it's a pity that such a gem is not better known, that's why I have decided to write this."
76561198052371238,Recommended,228260,13940665,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Woden,"Civilizations + Heroes of Might and Magic = Fallen Enchantress. Awesome game with a lot of backstory. I tried it during the free weekend, bough it and been playing since. I just wish they threw in a campaign mode like. Age of Wonders so you can bring your leader through it leveling all the time. Starting up new games on like my 4th I finally got the lvl 15 acheivement, but even there I'm only a quarter threw magi abilities. I wanna keep leveling the same character. Also the game sorely lacks anything to do with water.(I mean besides water magic) Are boats that hard? Couldn't the undead just walk? Why won't my dragon actually fly so he could go over mountains and such? Other than some minor quips here a crash or two there, I'd highly recommend this to fans of either civilizations, HOMM, or even Age of Wonders though this falls short of that game by a bit. Even they had catapults and giant spiders taking up like 2-4 slots; meanwhile, my 100x the size of me dragons take up one slot :pBest part is you can completely customize the factions and leaders to your liking.  I love customization."
76561197993117250,Not Recommended,228260,7992560,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,konsolman,"There are not enough 4x games placed in fantasy world, and that's a shame. I placed a lot of hope in Fallen Enchantress, as I saw many positive reviews on forums and gaming sites. The game itself is quite frankly...average. Or even below average.The system itself is good and fun, lot of items to loot, monsters to kill, researches to do, empires to dominate. When you add mods it is even better. The sad part, and what makes this game almost ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" is that it is so bugged, that it makes it sometimes unplayable (for a lot of people, just check official forum support page). The games crashes a lot, there is some kind of problem with memory leaks. The grid on tactical map is almost invisible so it is hard to tell where your troops can move. Sometimes the turn doesn't want to end, and only way is to reset the whole game. What is shamefull, is that mods from players are much better than the ""Vanilla"" game itself. It pisses me off, to see ""another dlc"" every month, when they can't even fix basic problem with game (bugs, crashes and incredible bad game optimisation).In my opinion, the game itself is not worth the money. It can give a lot of fun, but at the same time the frustration is unbearable."
76561197969018399,Not Recommended,228260,35211978,Posted: 25 September,all,ZarahNeander,"TLDR: a potential good game, maybe even a great game, destroyed by bugs, glitches and generally carelessness for the product.The worst issue is the fact, that, after reloading a save, your empire borders disappear. You have to quit the game to make them reappear. Ever wondered how to play any civ game without seeing your borders? Now you know. Take this, save scummer....Though it can be argued, that disappearing borders are the lesser evil.  Every now and then your save gets corrupted, from outright crashes to the inability to build anything. So: quit, restart, load game, pray. Sometimes praying seems to work, some recipes floating on the  net recommend counting to three after reloading, no kiddingThe documentation is bad. By accident I discovered a key, that quick-saves the game. Undocumented. They didn't even bother to update the list of key bindings. The in-game documentation is equally worthless.The UI is...to be fair..functional.  Bare-bones. Prolly the only 4x game, that doesn't allow you to sort your cities by production...Stardock: how about *finishing* a game instead of releasing a clone of a clone of a clone. As it stands, welcome to the illustrious club of EA/Ubisoft/Paradox type companies. I'm sure you feel instantly at home"
76561198021304152,Recommended,228260,12418076,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,flameskitten,"Interesting game, and I like a lot of the ideas. The overall concept is solid, and it implements some brilliant improvements over similar games in places. I really want to like this game a lot more than I do.But... (and we all knew THAT was coming)The graphics are tolerable until you get to the hero units. Human models are Not Good. The clothing options feel like they must be at several inches thick in places.Depending on your chosen 'race', you will have resource shortfalls for a good long while. Also, heroes cost a fairly high amount of upkeep in gold... and when one is available to purchase, the game tends to not give you the option of NOT purchasing.The entire backstory and current story of the game setting feels a bit bland and unrefined.and the tech and skill trees are... how to put this... short. on. options.Overall, while the game is not strictly BAD, it is not nearly as good as the somewhat unfinished, glitchy Civilization 4 TCMod that came before it.I'm still likely to play this once in a while, but it's just going to send me scuttling back to Fall from Heaven 2. I'm recomending it though, since honestly, it's better than a lot of the alternatives OTHER than FfH2, which can be twitchy."
,Recommended,228260,9061499,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Banzai,"Choose a faction, found an empire. Design your own units. Research magic, civilizing tech or weapons of war. Recruit heros and fulfill quests. Explore the unknown lands.Very much like Masters of Magic from back in the day. If you loved that one you'll enjoy this one."
76561198030715633,Not Recommended,228260,17980620,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Wundsalz,"When I try to play the game I get the following error message:""The product appears to be validated but the machine SID doesn't match. Try deleting the file H:\Steam games\common\FE Legendary Heroes\sig.bin and re-activating."" I assume this is due to a hardware change I've performed recently. Unfortunately the file I've been linked to doesn't exist and I end up with a broken game I can not play anymore.As a direct result of this experience I'll refrain from purchasing Stardock Entertainment products in future. I can't stand companies which prevent their customers from playing their games because of some poorly designed DRM-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Hence I'll treat you the same way I treat Ubisoft since they've pestered me with U-play in Assassins Creed II. I will avoid your products from now on and will advice my friends to do the same."
76561197977435874,Recommended,228260,12288572,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,justhuman,"Basically, completely customizable and fun. Make your own hero, your own unique faction, the appearance and traits of your race and your troops. This just makes me happy"
76561198012776711,Recommended,228260,7742905,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,whiskybarnes,"Good game,plays alot like Civilization but with a lord of the ring type feel to it,mainly due to the fact instead of having planes and tanks you have Necromancers,trolls,elves etc etc. Definetly worth a try if you love your turn based strategy. 8/10"
76561198128163488,Recommended,228260,24721329,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rook,"It's like if Civilization IV's Fall From Heaven 2 mod and heroes of might and magic had a baby.except the story is much weaker than FFH2's (Which to be fair had an outstanding story). And the game is much easier.this is a very easy game singleplayer, the AI is bad. Everything else is fairly fun. If you can take it for a ride on multiplayer it can be fantastic.get it on sale, it's worth it."
,Recommended,228260,27995808,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AeonOfTime,"As a big fan of 4X games, Fallen Enchantress is in my top 5 along with Civilization, Endless Legend and Master of Magic. The great thing is that alongside great empire building and warmongering, you have armies and heroes that you can send forth on epic quests - even to conquer a series of fabled lands with monsters that can rock the very foundation of the land.More often than not the other players in the game become mere footnotes in the stories that your heroes bring back; no more than annoyances when they fight for dominion while you are called to much more important quests.All in all a tremendously fun, highly replayable quest-enhanced fantasy empire building RPG.Highly recommended indeed."
76561198018508362,Not Recommended,228260,8750307,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Gankatron,"Unfortunately I have a problem where after successfully starting the game with no problem immediately after installation, I now I get an error message saying that the game has failed to start for an unknown reason. It will not start with either the STEAM FELH library ""Play"" icon, the desktop shortcut, or the actual .exe file.This exact problem (i.e. it works the first time after installation, but then returns the unknown reason error message every time after that) has been reported multiple times in various forums (I have seen as far back as June 2013), but no actual solution has been provided in the support posts by the publisher.It is hard to give a positive recommendation to a game that doesn't run, especially with reports of this problem for the last 9 months without a stated resolution by the publisher."
,Recommended,228260,13650945,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DiiVox,"a lot of the reviews you are going to hear about this comes from the incredible disappointment felt in the previous iterations - Elemental: War of Magic was a game I liked a lot but was pretty  broken, and then it was remade to fallen enchantress, and finally legendary heroes. It has come a long way. One of my favorite games of all time is Sins of a Solar Empire so I am the kind of guy that gives Stardock the benefit of the doubt. This version of the game seems to be exactly what we were looking for. It's an RPG first, with strategy elements, and has really great combat. This is probably my last purchase for the Winter sale but I saved the best for last and look forward to dropping a couple hundred hours into this."
,Recommended,228260,8445548,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jarrick,"I enjoyed this game immensely, and I would recommend it to anyone that really enjoys a good strategy game with a heroic element to it.I got attached to my heroes, my cities, and my troops on my first play through.  So much so that I created an entire nation in the likeness of past roleplaying experiences and all of my heroes were a part of that nation, personalized colors, banners, and all.  This aspect of the game gives it extra replayability, since each nation can have its strengths and weaknesses, along with its heroes perfections and flaws.  Combine that with the ability to build a city however you see fit, be it a fortress on the bay, a river side village tilling gold, or a forest enclave where the wisest of the sages study the elements to provide your civilization with insurmountable power, the options are endless.When you're not at war, your heroes can adventure across the country side fighting bandits, banshees, giants and mystical creatures, all while uncovering secrets of ages past that make your empire even more powerful.  In time as your power grows, your heroes can lead their armies into epic battles against the fiercest of dragons in the depths of boneyards teeming with the souls of the tortured, fighting to control the worlds remaining population of dragons.The idea that you can make this game whatever you want makes it so worth while.  If you're in it for a quick match, go for it.  If you're like me and like to get in-depth with your games and truly take your time while enjoying every aspect the game has to offer, you're also in for a real treat.  You could easily sink hundreds of hours into this game, depending on the bounds of your imagination.Do I recommend this game?  Wholeheartedly.  If you enjoy gearing your heroes and your armies in an RPG fashion, a solid strategic experience, as well as a beautiful visual experience, I wouldn't wait any longer."
76561198038896333,Recommended,228260,28857455,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KingKoontz,It's a wonderful Civiliazation type 4X game in a fantasy setting. Highly recommend for any turn based fan.
,Recommended,228260,10791223,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,kendragon,"While the hex based tiles led me to think that the game mechanics might resemble Civ, I'd say FE: LH is a closer cousin to HOMM, which is not necessarily a bad thing.  The game gets you focused on leveling up and equiping the units in your party so that you can fight stronger enemies.  It's a fun game, but I can't help but think that perhaps it might have benefitted from having a campaign format like HOMM.  Dynamic maps seem better suited to games that focus more on territories and cities.It has an impressive tech tree, and I think this is where it really stands out.  Every technology looks meaningful and you really do get a sense of progression.  I do recommend on picking a slower progression setting because the normal setting seems too quick."
,Recommended,228260,8146248,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Haydeez,"An outstanding strategy game that gives you a world and lets you imagine. This game has a lot of imaginative features and it really feels like you're creating a new custom empire each time you play through a game. So if you're looking for replayability I can definitely say that this is something worth looking at. The combat for the game could be improved some. It can be challenging some games, but generally what happens is that you get enough momentum going with your army that you eventually steam roll everything, and if you manage to get a dragon you might as well stop playing because nothing is going to stop you after that, not even another dragon. Still, it can be a very challenging experience if you want it to be, and if you like games that let you imagine and create your own story then I cannot reccommend this enough."
,Recommended,228260,10484331,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,斯派德曼,"A good strategy game, but not better than Galactic Civilization II, which is also made by Stardock.an advice,Before you start playing Fallen Enchantress, go to settings menu and uncheck the ""Auto Turn"" option."
76561198048420683,Not Recommended,228260,28178715,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Atlas Phoenix,"The game is enjoyable, but I can't in good conscience give a positive review to a game that crashes so much.  It's been out for over 3 years, how is this not a polished product by now?  Unforgiveable in my books.The game play is decent, the story is good (script is not, but that's ok), artwork is a bit rough but animations are ok - even if they are too zoomed out to enjoy fully.The game is fun enough, good mechanics, UI, etc, but this game freezes on me at least once every 2-3 days.  If it was a new game I could let it slide a bit, but this is a old game.  Get your sh!t together, Stardock."
,Recommended,228260,12729050,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ryolnir,"One of my favorite 4X games ever. Tactical combat, ARPG-esque gear, skill trees. This is the game. I wish it had more enemy variety, though."
,Recommended,228260,12986755,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kutekweer,"An interesting, fun and at times difficult game, Fallen Enchantresses only downfall is it's lack of online mode. The campaign mode is solid if not limiting, white the freeplay is where this game really shines. The chance for customizing your faction and nation are plentiful and satisfying, with different races, selectable traits and customizable units. The game is open to modding, with a fairly active online modding community, although there is no steam workshop built in so you may have to be a little tech savvy."
76561197968668593,Recommended,228260,326350,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,taipaN-[CE],"RPG. TACTICAL COMBAT. STRATEGY.With over 300 improvements and enhancements to Fallen Enchantress, Legendary Heroes takes the spiritual successor of ""Master of Magic"" to even more astonishing heights of great gameplay.You can custom make your own units, your own sovereign (hero unit), heck you can even make your own entire faction.One of the great 4x games in existence.Downside: it has some stability issues.8/10"
,Recommended,228260,10520166,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Orsome,"AoE meets Heroes of Might and Magic. Sure they could have done more, but it's definitely worth a play.Pros:4x Strategy done wellControls are easy enough to figure out and a lot is simplified for non-4x playersCustomisation is amazing for a 4xRPG elements are pretty goodCons:Load times are horrendousGame time doesn't often last long enough for you to get real fun out of your end buildAI is pretty bad"
,Recommended,228260,26038036,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zelthane,"Pros:+Incredibly in-depth in every aspect of the game+Smooth gameplay for its time+Tons of features and customizability+Interesting dialogue and quests+Tons of replayability due to the immense number of NPCs, events, and questsCons:-Not for very casual players (Bought this game thinking it was going to be more simple like Battle Realms)-Almost too in-depth when it comes to stats, gear, diplomacy, etc.-Character creation is lacking when it comes to appearance"
76561198062863012,Not Recommended,228260,30420155,Posted: 9 March,all,lykynz,"Premise of this game is great.  A great number of choices and situations to think about.  The fact that game starts crashing for no reason right around the time Juggernauts can be made is beyond frustrating.  I'm running a sweet rig thats more than capable of handling this failure, and quite frankly it's SAD."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,228260,17935560,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Gorebane,"Tried my best to play it, but it crashes so often I just can't get my teeth into it. I tried various solutions to resolve the issues, it still crashes every other turn."
76561198047517815,Recommended,228260,21467678,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Twisted Crow (Dallas),"When it comes to turn-based strategy and empire-building, Fallen Enchantress really is a dream come true in some respects. It's a welcome change of pace from traditional worlds and strategy games that we've become all too familiar with. Sure, it's cool playing as Nobunaga in the next ""Conquer Japan"" strategy game... and it's fun playing around in the Civilization series. But what I love about Fallen Enchantress is that it's a fresh world with unique characters that we don't know anything about right off the bat. The game has it's own unique flavor and the ability to customize many aspects of the game to your liking. All of these are fantastic aspects to this game. However, it is not without some understandable criticism.While it appears simple, it is a game you can easily get frustrated with. Sometimes straight up bad luck can screw players from the get-go. This can even begin with just where you start on a map in a new scenario game. You can be blessed with starting in a very sound strategic location... or you can start in an area where expansion can be a total nightmare (for example, between an ocean, 20 tiles of barren wasteland and no resources and a bunch of monster bases that can easily crush starting players). This is a common criticism I have with other strategy games due to this common pitfall (from a design standpoint) is when too many things are influenced by luck (or sheer randomness, to be precise).Strategy games should be about tactics, placement and preparation. And Fallen Enchantress rewards it and punishes those that just blunder about randomly. Which is great. In that way, it's a strategy game. However, it can also feel like you are rewarded (or punished, more likely) on the roll of the dice. In *that* way, it's an unpredictable strategy game -- which can sometimes be fun and sometimes just be annoying.In the end, though... would I recommend Fallen Enchantress? Yes. It's a gem in its own right. I'd also recommend getting it on a deal, as I did."
,Recommended,228260,28976720,Posted: 3 January,all,MurderousGuineapig,"If you\ve played hundreds of hours of HoMM V as a kid, you're going to love this. To a lesser extent, but still. This game has nice hero mechanics HoMM V didn't have, and HoMM V handles troops better than this game. But as i said, still a very fun game."
,Recommended,228260,31040526,Posted: 9 April,all,Asamoya,"One of the best ""4x"" games I have played. Takes the best of empire building and macro management from the 4x genre and melds it with levelling, talents, spells, skill trees etc that you would see in an RPG game like Dragon Age.The battle system is hands down the best one that I have come across in a 4X game. Once you engage an enemy, you move your units around on a grid and use skills and spells - turn based like Heroes of Might and Magic.There are so many spells and skills, and various roles your champions can take on.Many spells can be used on the map itself, to enchant cities, change the landscape, summon armies, and my personal favourite - dropping a 1200 mana cost volcano in the middle of the enemy capital city.The maps are beautiful and draw you into the world, there are so many different monsters (barbarians) to slaughter, camps and dungeons to loot, countless quests to undertake, all the while keeping your enemies in check and managing your kingdom/empire.Units can be customised with the unit editor, they have included all the developer tools - so the the limit is your imagination. If you ever find yourself getting a bit bored (hasn't happened yet for me!) there are many mods to download and try!It may have had a rough start, but it is very stable now and I have not encountered any major crashes / bugs as of yet.Highly recommended!"
76561198021581283,Recommended,228260,23544700,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,herparchist,"This is how every 4X strategy game should be. I have played way too many hours, playing and winning with every nation. The customizable units and warlord make the game interesting. I even created a few mega warlords to give myself more of a challenge. The DLC are all well worth the price. Having spent so many hours all I can say was this game is worth every penny. I only hope they make another installment, so I can spend what freetime I have on it."
76561198041699798,Not Recommended,228260,10002719,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Fatewalking,"I got this game a while back and found it decent enough.  It gets a little stale after a while in the scenarios but overall it was as described.  However, I started playing through the first campaign and ran into a game breaking bug; a mountain blocking the only path to move forward.  Turns out its a know issue for six months now...  Finally a few weeks ago the developers finally acknowledged the issue and promised a fix next patch.  It patched this week but they didn't borther to fix the game killing bug.  That is unacceptable.  0/10"
76561197969702076,Recommended,228260,12069017,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MisterFlibble,"This is basically Civ *and* Heroes of Might and Magic combined, without leaving out any features of either. And it works! Really impressed with this game. Highly recommended."
76561198020997775,Not Recommended,228260,15395646,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,foldspace23,"Pros:Great PotentialEasy to ModNice Improvements over original Fallen EnchantressPretty visualsAllows for nearly likitless creativityCons:Extremely Buggy!!Versions 1.0-1.6 had game ending bugs if you leveled a character beyond available perk choicesVersion 1.8 is a game ending bug at start that prevents you from ever having more than one Fame point, effectively eliminating heroes from the entire gameDevs seem to have taken a nearly bugless game (Fallen Enchantress v1.32) and with only a few minor changes made it entirely unplayable for many of us.Devs remain entirely unresponsive to players who report these bugs, and seem to have no interest in fixing themHave been waiting for fixes for years now, sending report after report with god knows how much information, and all I've seen are some slight A.I improvements, a couple optimizations, and a bunch of expensive DLC's that could've been made by any of the more capable modders out there.Other thoughts:FE 1 was completely fixed as of 1.32, but LH is a train wreck after eight major overhauls, roughly 50 minor patches, and still the devs are focusing on increasingly derivative DLC's? No sale discount is enough to make this worth the money, even after a couple years of ""updates.""Fallen Enchantress was a great game. If Legendary Heroes looks fun to you, buy its predecessor instead; LH is just an endless pit for you to throw your money in.10/10 for potential-10/10 for bugs and greedy devs0/10 overall"
76561198010431050,Recommended,228260,12961462,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ravyn Reign,"If you like Might & Magic, you will like this game. If you like the Sid Meier's Civilization games, you will like this game. If you like rpg's you might even like this game. Generally a great turn based strategy game."
76561198011125141,Recommended,228260,9414513,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Jemberry,"Addictive, solid, turn based strategy fun!"
76561197974981965,Not Recommended,228260,8836125,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Matimus Prime,"This game is at it's very best, okay.  It runs quite poorly compared to many other 4x games and doesn't feel as complicated as Civ (any) for example.  The degree of customization is nice but the combat is not up to par.  Graphically simple and not particularly charming when compared to Warlock, there's nothing that Fallen Enchantress does better or smarter than it's predecessors or competition.  Master of Magic or Warlock would be better choices for your money."
76561198040869459,Recommended,228260,8121393,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Jjos,"This game is a great combination of the playing style of Civilization games and turn-based combats. The chooseable factions are well balanced and the technology trees greatly developed. Even after 90+ hours am I still learning new things about how this game works and it's a strategy game well worth the money.Only ""not so good"" thing is the way diplomacy works. It seems like it's built that it's nearly impossible to be diplomatic, cause with increasing playing time during one round will the relationship to nearly all AI factions start falling down for no real reason - and as soon as you participate in one war are good relations to nearly all other factions gone for the rest of the game.But beside of the diplomacy is everything else working great together. The champions, quests and creeps, even the areas hold by creeps which are randomly choosen and split on the map are all fine. Great and addictive."
,Recommended,228260,9277534,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mordeth13,Awesome game. Loving it.
76561198054337027,Recommended,228260,16124114,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Aikura,"Verdict: This is the 4x game I always wanted. A grand turn-based strategy game, comparable to Civilization IV but in a gorgeous high-fantasy setting with tactical battles and RPG elements. Most significantly for me, it is fully customisable: design your own faction, leader and units to suit your personal playstyle and role-play. Longer games have stability issues, but I fixed mine by turning off anti-aliasing. 8/10Story: It may be misleading to speak of story in a game like this, and I have not yet played the campaign scenario. The premise of the world, elaborated here from previous Elemental games, is interesting enough. And the customisation allows you to create your own story as you please. 6/10Gameplay:  Despite some AI and balance issues, the gameplay is solid and very engaging. It’s not long before that classic Civilization “one more turn” syndrome sets in and takes over, and single games can easily steal away 20-30 hours. Though the fashion in 4x strategy is towards hexagons, square-based maps do the job here, and it is fun to explore rich landscapes dense with monsters, treasure and quests to fulfill. City and resource management are interesting, and it’s satisfying to see your metropolises grow and your empire expand. Research is broken into three tech trees (Civic, Warfare, Magic) you advance separately, making it a strategic choice of where your focus will be. Tactical battles are fun, if a bit on the simple side; tactics emerge solely from your unit design and the composition of your armies, without regard for other factors such as terrain. Auto-resolve can be a bit wonky, and can sometimes beat otherwise unwinnable battles, but it is not game-breaking. The UI is a masterpiece and provides all the information you need to manage your empire. Detailed faction and unit customisation are what tie all these factors together and make Fallen Enchantress a superior experience to similar 4x games.  9/10Graphics: The graphics will appear a bit dated to some, but the art style fits the unique setting nicely resulting in a somewhat cartoony, but still beautiful, dark and broken world. 7/10Sound/Music: The sound is not exceptional (ambiance is decent), but the music is great with some truly epic themes to conquer to.  7/10"
,Recommended,228260,4410489,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Varkon,"If you like 4x strategy games, especially with RPG elements, then this is a must buy!"
76561198052649919,Recommended,228260,28574449,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wolfsaber,"A true gem of a game.  Why is is great?  well it has a lot of things going for it, but there's one feature that really stands out: customizeable units.  Tired of generic knights in shining armor?  Put some ladies on giant wolves instead (Wargs are OP).  don't have enough iron to build more high tier units?  design a unit that uses the recources you do have.  It's the same kind of system stardoc used in the GalCiv games, but it works out much better here (mostly becasue your units come in stacks instead of individual ships).  I keep wishing other stratagy games would add in this sort of feature, because it turns an already solid game into a masterpeice.  The story is pretty underdevloped (not as bad as some other stardoc games, but it could be a lot better), but i barely even noticed.  Graphics are dated, but if that doesn't turn you off, you will love this game."
76561197968626225,Recommended,228260,10967768,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kestler,"Excellent time burner... def will get that ""one more turn!"" late into the night with this game."
,Recommended,228260,27562443,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Limb-ripper,civ meets conquest of the new world
,Recommended,228260,17936,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,wuice,"Very ""Master of Magic"" gameplay, pretty cool cell shaded graphics.  Check out the ""Children of Storm"" to add mucho content."
76561198053583641,Recommended,228260,24546983,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Amanda dark fang,with all the dlc its a must buy wait for it to go on sale tho much better to buy it when you spend less
,Recommended,228260,9959249,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,endersblade,"I love turn-based games, and this one delivers.  It plays like Heroes of Might & Magic, but adds so much more.  The customizability, all the way down to what each of your units is geared with, is simply amazing.  The maps have so much variety to them, there are so many different enemies to encounter, no two games are the same.  Complete epic quests for amazing loot, raid enemy towns to strengthen your faction, even create your own faction leader, custom taylored to your style!It also supports mods, and there is a decent modding community behind it.  Several mods out there that add or change things so significantly, it's almost like playing another game!"
76561197975744062,Recommended,228260,31137737,Posted: 14 April,all,stuguy909,"This is a nice mix of high fantasy, post-apocalyptic, and civilization.  This game is like Sid Meiers, Rifts (P&P), and Tolkien had a baby.  It isn't the best, graphics wise, but it does enough.  Combat is interesting / challenging / unique enough to make the game fun, and the civilization building isn't too bad.  I mean, it is a civ clone in that regard.  Not a whole lot of new ground there.  The game has research, somewhat generic and too be expected.  But where the game shines is the races.  Each race gets strengths, weaknesses, and bonuses.  You can also create custom races, nations, and mod the game.  I played the game for a bit, and if it is on steam sale, pick up a copy."
,Recommended,228260,22472057,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AmirosBambiros,"The game is really good and fun.+ Lots of customization on factions and units.+ Music is great.+ Loot has a lot of  variety.+ Different playstyles to pursue. You can change your hero class every game.I've had a ton of fun with this. Give it a go, but do NOT buy the regular Fallen Enchantress - it has been abandoned and this game is all that plus much better."
,Recommended,228260,7408486,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Devi,"I feel FE:LH is extremely underrated and Stardock did one hell of a job here balancing and polishing FE, worth noting that it was done with the help of none other than Civ 4's lead designer.This is technically an expansion but it should really be treated as a standalone game. Replayability in this is amazing, customization options are infinite (that includes shaping the world to your liking, creating armor for your armies and pimping out your sovereign), fun combat and just tons of other cool♥♥♥♥♥♥I cannot bother listing here. Depth isn't something FE is lacking, either. Diplomacy sucks donkey balls however, but at least it ain't Warlock: MotA... *shudder*TL;DR: Very fun 4x strategy game, that is similar to MoM/AoW in terms of gameplay, with Civilization-esque building and RPG aspects like in HoMM. Don't buy the original FE, buy this instead. Also DLC's are a great addition, specifically the quest pack. Rest is OK if you're into smacking goblins with giant lollipops."
76561198046317994,Recommended,228260,5201071,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,nighthawk,"Take over the role of a mighty sovereign in his or her struggle to rebuild the world after the cataclysm.Magic so powerful is at your disposal that the earth itself shatters beneath you!You will build cities, take over wild ressources, train soldiers and mages, recruit heroes to fight alongside your sovereign, learn magic powerful enough to win the game, forge alliances, discover ancient quests and clash with your enemies in round-based battles.The most powerful sovereign will always outshine any other unit and this is as much a strategy-game as it is a role-play-game.Prepare your mind for this game will surely make an impact!"
76561197991413819,Not Recommended,228260,9134008,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,There's my chippy,"The kind of game that excels in it's ideas but fails in execution. Just not as obsessively polished and tested and refined as something like civ 5 - if you have experience in the genre you will find a real lack of challenge and depth, which is really too bad because there are some really neat innovations here. Really makes you appreciate what an amazing genius (or at least obssessive workaholic) sid meier must be by comparison."
,Recommended,228260,14410148,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,WHOELPOUNDER,"I know it says I only have 19 hours, but I actually have many more.Pros-+++Civ+RPG elements++Quest system and quest victory+Not hard to look at+Satisfying and dangerous combat+campaign is LONGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG+lots of customizationCons----Very Limited maps--AI is pretty bad-Many elements of the game are underdeveloped and can be virtually ignored(read: water)-magic/spellls while looking great are hardly as useful as you might hope-poorly balanced heros and factionsOverall-Would recommend. Game is a lot of fun. 40 is harsh because it isnt nearly as replayable as civ IV or V. If you catch it on sale its a great buy. I'm really looking forward to the next game, because if they can polish up the weak spots, it may become one of the greatest games out there."
76561198027117855,Recommended,228260,34369745,Posted: 20 August,all,Clint Eastwood,"Numerous times I FOOLISHLY passed over this title, for whatever reason it never grabbed me. I am so glad that I gave it a chance, because in many ways it is the game that I have been seeking out for years. I'll point out the strongpoints for me, because if I had known these things about the game I would have purchased it much sooner.-Create YOUR OWN FACTION, along with your own hero to lead it!-Excellent faction customization: edit uniform/armor colors, traits (boons), weaknesses, and even your own backstory!-Excellent hero customization: Edit appearances, choose from many races, alter equipment, mounts, and their backstory!-The awesome customization doesn't end there. Once you start your game, you will be able to customize your own units!-Rename cities and units to anything that you'd like, custom tailor everything to your faction.Why is it so important to have custom factions and all this, you ask? Why not just play with the epic unique original factions? Do that too if you wish! All of the lore in this game seems epic, but I will explain to you my appeal with this extensive customization. I am a fiction writer, in particular, I enjoy writing fantasy novels. Being able to bring the factions from my stories to life is something that I have craved, as I have found that games have helped inspire creativity when I have writer's block or low motivation. This game is inspiring, to say the least. I created 7 custom factions from my story, and I set up a game on a large map using only my custom factions! For some reason, I was only able to have 6 out of the 7 custom factions selectable when I started the game (though, in all fairness I believe I needed to exit the game and re-enter to let my newest faction ""set in"" with the system, idk). Overall, I am proud to say that I spent the first 7 hours of the game creating my 7 factions. Before you ask, no, it does NOT take 1 hour to make a faction. You could probably throw one together quickly. I just spent a lot of time exploring all my options and picking the best factions from my stories to include in the game. I set up an alliance between my faction and another, while setting up an alliance between our 2 strongest foes, with 2 other bandit/merc factions... this was all done in the options before I even started the game!So customize to your heart's content, and let the creativity flow. I am excited to explore the lore, creatures and other factions from the game, as they all seem really unique and appealing. I am so pleased that I finally gave this gem a chance, I am going to look into the Sorcerer King one next, I think that is next in the series. Anyway, I don't understand why people aren't shouting to the heavens about the customization here! I am simply blown away, and on my first day playing this I have fallen in love, pumping 11 straight hours in already. Can't wait to enjoy this game more, and to explore this wonderful game! Don't make this same mistake that I did in passing this one by, I can't tell you how many games I bought in search of a game like this. A game where I had true freedom in my faction customization. While I do wish there were a few more options at times, I am nothing but pleased with my game experience so far! Overall, I'd give this game a 9.5/10. Yes, the graphics may be a little dated, and I'm sure other people have plenty of gripes with this or that. I am just in love with this game as it has given me something that I wished to have for so long. I know this will aid in getting my creative juices flowing as I set off on many adventure with my favorite factions and heroes from my stories!TLDR: 9.5/10 This is a high quality turn-based strategy game (like the Civ games), with an in depth turn-based combat system (like Wasteland 2, Gladius, etc.). Strong features include: faction customization, character customization, great world/lore and much more!"
76561198134818671,Recommended,228260,30762223,Posted: 26 March,all,Rabid Wombat,I can't say I didn't get my money's worth...
76561197987083150,Not Recommended,228260,18210845,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ChibiNyan,"First, the tutorial videos is utterly useless (to build, click the build button, then the building wanted). What do all those numbers, statuts, data, do ? Just a tiny description. Nothing is told about long-term strategy... in a strategy game.What about the lore ? Since it's fantasy, it's must be important, right ? Not here. The story is so cliche, the factions are so cliches and nothing is really polished. Everything you find/read about lore will make you say ""meh, classic"". I'm not about what's typical, but it's not even linked in a good way. Just a bunch of random typical stuff. And nothing is really used in the game anyway. You can totally skip it and you will miss nothing of the game (for those who may ask, I consider lore in assassin's creed, total war or dark souls important, so you have my point of view).And here comes my main complain : this game has no identity at all. I felt like playing a mod where the creator just replaced everything with fantasy elements. If it were a mod, it would be good enough. But it's not a mod. There is a hole team behind it. If it were a film, it would be one of those stupid fantasy films pre-LotR made by people who understand nothing about fantasy, but did it anyway because ""it's fantasy. Kinds like it, we will attract them and make money""."
76561198056948601,Recommended,228260,15440420,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Malvor,Phenomonal game. This is without a doubt one of the best fantasy civ builder games I have ever played. I would fully recommend it to everyone who is any way interested in 4X games.
76561198065978778,Recommended,228260,25563241,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Panastation,well doneim happy with my purchase..i keep playing this game very now and then...
76561198002967531,Not Recommended,228260,20238636,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Varl,"I was a huge fan of the Fall For Heaven 2 mod for Civ 4 that one of the main devs for this game made before this.  I really wanted to like/get into this game but it's overly complex for too little payoff.  This is the second iteration of this game I've picked up, too.  I guess I was hoping it would be better this time, but I was wrong.  Too much micromanaging, boring combat, and the world design feels weak and generic."
,Not Recommended,228260,20062698,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,edcckao,A great game ruined by serious bugs.  Moving units may easily stuck in wall and cause the program stop to respond. This bug alone crashed my passion about this game.
76561198112761082,Not Recommended,228260,19752520,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,randfoo2005,"35.5 hrs play timeit still crashed. So, no I do not recommend this game unless you're able to play it without crashing.Other than this major problem, the game isn't too bad at all."
,Not Recommended,228260,26414190,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mick9452,"The game will not launch. I get ""fail to connect key server"" faults. This seems to be a common problem."
76561197976756827,Not Recommended,228260,15015265,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Beantown,"Fun up to a point. I really like that the soldiers in your army and the heroes that join you are all customisable, including changing their name if you want to. Having chess pieces on the strategic map that resemble the hero leading that army is a nice touch too. Ultimately, the research and city building aspect of the game lets it down though. Also, the graphics for the turn-based combat were so dated I felt like I was playing Death Knights of Krynn or something! Fun concept, but Age of Wonders III does almost the same thing and looks like it belongs in the 21st century. If only they could merge the best aspects of each game?!?!"
76561197979260961,Recommended,228260,12836371,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ludeman,"I wish Steam had a ""Maybe"" catagory.Really good game that becomes a snore fest.  I fell asleep somtimes playing.   So do a lot of research before buying this  and make sure you are intrested in it.  I was and it was nice to play untill it started putting me to sleep ha ha.Recommendation: Maybe"
,Recommended,228260,10348321,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gigantor Zarghoul,"A good turn based fantasy game, have spent over 100 hours in it now."
76561198007471505,Recommended,228260,10337324,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,morindin,"This is in all likelyhood, the best fantasy 4X game on the market. With a deep tech tree, customizable heroes and factions, and even the ability to customize every troop you build,  this is a game that deliver hours of fun."
,Recommended,228260,9188231,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Quickfix30,Brilliant game for anybody interested in a Mythical variation of The Civilization series. I strongly recommend it for anybody who is a fan of turn based strategy games!
,Recommended,228260,8437791,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GateKeeper,This game is positively terrific.
,Recommended,228260,10165146,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Action1,Very fun game. Lots of depth in the abilities and inventory and tons of way to strategize and play. Highly recommend this strategy game. It's turned based but doesn't get in the way of game play. I have a hard time putting this one down.
76561198001475984,Recommended,228260,8498953,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lipstickpaddy,"If you are a fan of Civiisation V, or any of the series fo CIV, then you will love this game.Take the city screen in Civ... in this game, you see the city straight out.Combat in Civ is quick combat... in this game, you play turn based on a grid... but have the option to do Quick Combat.Both Games have tech trees that are great.However this game shines with what you can do.  Firstly you start out with a hero.  This hero can choose from one of five tech trees, and each tech tree has around 3 paths, with only 1 you will be able to max out, so lots of deferent playthroughs  in the combat if you change your hero.In Civ you can get bored when you are building stuff, but in this world it has NPS, monsters that roam, quests, loot to find, epic monsters.  So you take your hero out to level up.So if I take my hero and 2 mages.  We all get xp if we survive a battle.  The mage can level up and also I can custom creat units which is epic.  With this you can make mages wear plate armour if you fancy it.  It really is epic.The more you do in the world your fame will increase and you'll get other hereos to help you.All in all... A BLAST... I played 24 hours straight, playing as the Necomancer Mage in a Large classic map.  Also dipped into the scenerio which is a story line verson of the game, teachign you about the npc and monsters you will find in classic mode.I'll give this 100% as it is such an iteration of CIV in a fantasy world.  If CIV VI takes this approach it would be great, but otherwise this game has it cooking and it tastes great.  Have FUN!"
76561198032391663,Recommended,228260,10565526,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bélabá,"Great game with huge replayability factor - it's one of those games that I keep returning to regularly for a session. Fun to play, pretty addictive and immersive - pity it isn't more popular, it should be.It's like a souped-up Heroes of Might and Magic - anyone who enjoyed that will LOVE Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes! 10/10 if you enjoy the genre."
76561198043646120,Recommended,228260,8624028,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Warbarian,"A very fine strategy game. At first it seems somewhat complex, but after you get the hang of it, it gets pretty much simple. Basically your goal is very similar like space 4X games. and you have races each with their own strengths and weakneses. Only bad thing is the tactical battles are done on square tiles unlike hex tiles like most of titles. Still though it wast tooo hard on normal and it was balanced. Not too easy, not too hard. A very enjoyable game and worth playing. (especially if its one of those zillion hour lose sleep type games...lol!)"
76561198084670966,Not Recommended,228260,13862361,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,bolt,"This game is sht...And the worst thing is you won't notice it till 8 hours in game because it is well hidden.There is nearly no AI, and all “ai fixes” in pathes didn't fix basic problems, just did minor unimportant changes that were cheap to develop.Ai can't propety merge armies when they lave town.Ai can't use items, as long it has money it buys pants, in late gameai np has like 30 of them and nota single armor / gloves/ helmet.Ai behavior is to random, got declared war by 2 other ai, it will declare war to you even if you are in friendly relationship when random check to declare war ocurs.Ai attacks anything on random, 1 hero vs 10xtimes stronger dragon....Ai can t property grow and manage cities, it works for few turns, in late game it gets stuck on making units that is stends random at you (one unit vs your army...)Map yeld (and cities yeld) is random not based on some mechanic (go to map editor, put shard on all y cordinate they will give same yeld to hexes around, on y+1 diffrent yeld but same for tar cord)Maps are to random, and you can break map generator(generates maps that are hardly playable) by some settings. In most cases you must save on first turn, scout half map and see if it is optimally generated (like has titles with essence, or you not placed on some random long corridor)."
76561198087979217,Recommended,228260,7134627,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,KnightGalavant,"A few years ago, I wrote a good review, but revisiting this game showed me the flaws of this game and the failed promises that the developer failed to provide to the players. For most players, your time is better spent in a different game. Although I slightly lean in recommending the game, I can say that it is still an unpolished game that merits nothing compared to the other games already out there.Old Review: The old faults made in Fallen Enchantress are fixed and replace with new contents in the standalone expansion: ""Legendary Heroes"". ""Legendary Heroes"" takes the old concepts from ""Fallen Enchantress"" and evolve the game to provide further depth into gameplay and increase the replay value in the game. It is a game that would be worth your time!"
76561198098596707,Recommended,228260,8597140,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,patandspooky,"good game with some minor design flaws.  this 4X game panalized you for every city you add.  You can quickly find yourself in a backwards economy if you expand too much, or too quickly.  Larger maps tend to get laggy once a substantial portion of the fog of war is revealed.  On the plus side, combat is straightforward and EVERY unit is fully customizable.  want your archers to wear heavier armor?  modify em.  just takes a little longer for them to be produced.  Want those archers to fire fire arrows?  research the talent and modify that too.  9/10"
76561198093049081,Recommended,228260,8390483,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kinnah,"I just dropped almost 6 hours into this game entirely by accident. I ignored messages from friends, and spoke primarily in grunts to my family. This game is addicting, but incredibly fun."
76561197992360184,Recommended,228260,8585554,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,WornOak,"I think it's official: I really like this game. I've played nothing else for the past two weeks. The game has a great deal of tactical depth, there are tons of different development options for heroes, cities, and a great deal of flexibility designing units. This is Stardock's 3rd kick at the can for this series, but it seems to have finally come together really well for this, the third iteration."
76561198067725337,Recommended,228260,8529987,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[NB]WaltzingPrince,"So simple yet so addicting. I find my usual problems with games disappear when I play this one. The mechanics are simple and remind me of DnD which I found awesome. The possibilities seem limited at fist, and then you get overwhelmed by all the options."
76561198079971733,Recommended,228260,8566224,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,just1wheat,"Legendary Heroes went a long toward addressing and fixing a lot of the problems and issues with their immediate predecessor. The heroes are more balanced in the early game compared to normal units, the gameplay is a lot smoother, and the balance has made the game much more addictive."
76561198065799618,Recommended,228260,8513589,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sébastien,Galatic Civilization 2 and Heroes of Might and Magic in one convenient package !
76561197970562323,Recommended,228260,8569407,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,King Custard,"If you like Civilization and HOMM, I think you will like this game.  Not since HOMM 3 in 1999 have I had this much fun.  They seem to be continuing to improve this franchise, so I have really high hopes that this may eventually be my favorite turn based strategy game of all time."
76561197992244401,Recommended,228260,8583357,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Slashimus,"I haven't played the previous entries in this series so I went in with not many preconceived ideas about what to expect.I know there were some issues with the earlier games, but Legendary Heroes is a very solid 4x title.There is a lot of diversity in the game in terms of unit design choices, heroes and city developement.Each playable faction is unique, and even though the differences seem subtle at first, this uniqueness becomes more apparent as the game progresses. There is a LOT to learn.Like most 4x games, it is a bit overwhelming at first, but it quickly grows on you and you settle in to get your empire up and running.There is a lot of challenge to be found in both the early and later game stages. Monsters roam the land and they range very widely in power between pushovers and godlike. Especially so for your weak early armies and champions. Knowing when to leave a challnge or quest for later is critical in keeping your troops and heroes safe.The AI is also actually decently competent. I lost one of my cities easily early on and got routed in my bid to take over an enemy city a few times.The strategic battles are one of my favorite parts of the game. You can easily lose a battle even with an overwhelming force if you make bad choices. It is a much better system than the static system of games like Civ 5 and Warlock: Master of the Arcane. You actually fight battles on a tactical map where positioning and ability use are important.My only real gripe is that diplomacy is a lot less developed than some other 4x games. Hopefully the developers will improve on that in future updates.A solid and fun game overall if you are a fan of 4x games."
76561198054723209,Recommended,228260,8598061,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,pork_roast123,Its like Civilization meets Dungeons and Dragons
76561197993783916,Recommended,228260,8583326,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Maliceandspyte,Reminds me of Masters of Magic. Very much enjoyed the challenges and strategy.
,Recommended,228260,10593708,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kookus,"Good strategy game for Civ fans. Several games in, and I'm still learning the ropes. Lots of unit and hero customization that lends to a unique game every time. I foresee a long and enjoyable gaming experience with Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes."
,Recommended,228260,10638833,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Merdok,"Really fun turn based game with tactical battles - the standout for this game is the use of magic which adds nicely to the overall game without feeling too strong or insignificant.If you like games like Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic, you will probably like Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes a lot.  8/10."
76561198036128371,Recommended,228260,8244091,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dorrin,This is Civ meets Heroes of MM but adds the best both. great game
76561198110731550,Not Recommended,228260,10705637,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Thomato,"This review is solely based on never playing other Fallen Enchantress games.The Good:Lots of customization; You can customize everything from the ground up regarding your character, troops, etc.You can fully customize game matches.The only thing I really got out of this game was the customization.The Bad:Graphics feel outdatedMonsters are all the sameResearch tree is limitedItems are limitedDiplomacy is close to nonexistantExploration is also close to nonexistantThe list could go on...I feel the idea was great but the game itself was poorly executed."
76561198014872039,Not Recommended,228260,10929987,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,zjx^^,crashes literally every time i play
76561198093703585,Recommended,228260,9482440,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,dgbug3,"Fallen Enchantress is a great game for awhile.ProsGreat AI (very challenging.)Limitless creative abillities.Fun game overallReplayabillityWorth $$ for $$You can play as a created faction and then create MORE FACTIONS that you just played as to fight you with your own created units.It is possible to have more players in game but eventually it starts to lag..Again the AI.ConsAmount of enemies to fight there's like 200, and that's it. I wish there were more.(there are a lot and you can fight in game.) Randomly generated units tend to space out and only fight the player. Once you figure out the game it becomes really boring.Campaign is the weak point."
,Recommended,228260,7578258,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,OKK,A mix of civilization and heroes of might and magic. You can spend hours just managing you cities. Or you can run around killing monsters for xp. OR BOTH!Play and enjoy.
76561198006342616,Recommended,228260,7756487,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,bbarrey,"Excellent Strategy Game , very buggy though."
,Recommended,228260,428320,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Fobtastic!,This game is like Civilization with magic spells. I suppose you could make a mod for Civ that perfectly mimics this game. Or just buy this game and save yourself the hassle.
76561197995161163,Recommended,228260,18336488,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mutley,"This game is good, but nothing besides that. The history is fine, the game mechanics too, and it seens to give a lot of options for you to build your units, but it is confusing sometimes and lacks immersion. Besides, it is buggy sometimes and the gameplay is not smooth enough. They could have made a more complete tutorial and included more scenarios. But there is some intersting mods you can find, so it may worth a try. I would say: if you like games of this genre, it may worth a buy if it is on sale."
76561198012044274,Recommended,228260,9615544,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Solar,"I dont usually get into single player much.  But this one is fun.  If you are a fan of sword and sorcery, and civ, then you'll get into this, no doubt!"
76561198001377019,Not Recommended,228260,14449176,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lovagrend,"so when i first heard about this game back in 2011/12ish i was super excited mostly because of a certain civ 4 mod called fall from heaven II (check it out its awesome) its because the lead guy from that mod Kael(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Paxton)was the lead developer... Elemental: war of magic was the game, ive bought this game 3 separate times hoping it would at least simulate the awesomeness of that mod... 3 times i was disappointed. Im still hoping for a true stand alone Fall From heaven game but i fear its not going to happen.also first revew ive had on steam"
76561198043346831,Recommended,228260,10826895,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Magus,Excelent game. Still some bugs as it still repeatedly crashes on my system.
76561197974493059,Recommended,228260,18139181,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,jgaltx,"This game is reasonably fun to play, but the longer you play it the more you realize that while the game isn't bad in any area, it doesn't excel anywhere either. I gave it a recommendation because overall it was worth playing, but with almost 100 hours in I have no desire to play it futher and the last 20-30 hours were a bit of slog. Buy it on sale."
76561198007583969,Recommended,228260,19242261,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lucius,"It's a really grat game...its just that the magical objects are repetative and a bit lame and all the races's creatures are basically the same). Slow game with minimal tactics...BUT, if you like 4x fanatsy, then I recommend it...on sale."
,Recommended,228260,9447595,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,nirth,"The answer to the most basic question about games of, ""is it worth it?"" is Yes.This game is worth it at the full asking price.The game is even more worth it on sale.If you enjoy turn-based strategy games then this game is one to get."
76561198007486006,Recommended,228260,24157981,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,claudiassj,"A nice Civilization alternative in fantasy style. You choose a faction, each with its perks, and re-colonize your world by funding cities.- The number of buildings and units you can choose from is quite limited- the improvements you can build outside of cities are limited to resources- you do research technologies, but their impact on the game is not that impressive; you never have the feeling of the time passing and your people evolving.+ heroes with abilities and inventories lead your armies+ missions+ magicAll in all, it is fun and worth giving a try, even if it is not a masterpiece."
76561197982727216,Recommended,228260,15459083,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,alanisman1,"This is quite simply one of my favorite 4X strategy games ever.  This is Civilization IV in a Fantasy world complete with it's own interesting history and mythos.  There is a lot to like about this game if you can overlook some of its weaknesses.  If you enjoy the process of building and improving your civilization, not to mention battling monsters, casting spells, and collecting loot, you will enjoy this game.PROS+ Tons of game options including team setup, random events, and world structure+ Highly customizable leaders and heroes+ Tactical battles are fun yet skippable+ Lots of spells to use both in the Strategic map and in Tactical battles+ Lots of items to improve the power of your heroes+ Lots of buildings for your cities to build+ Random monsters and wandering bosses add tension to games+ Lots of replay valueCONS- Graphics are sometimes dull- AI isn't exactly spectacular- Frequent DLC starts to feel like a cash sink (yet I buy it anyway)"
76561198007416589,Recommended,228260,2443152,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Talarias,If you liked the Fall from Heaven mod for CIv 4 check this out.
76561198155598712,Recommended,228260,22529832,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Odin,"It's like Heroes of Might and Magic and Sid Meiers Civ series had a baby. I see some criticism in the reviews but frankly I find them unfounded.Unlike the Civ series, there is always something to do if you feel like it. The game encompasses exploring, RPG, strategy, empire building, tactical combat kin to the Age of Wonders game and much more.One of my favourite parts of the game is that you can design your own hero and in time design your own troop units. As always, as it is with any game, it takes some time to get a feel for how everything works, and usually when I've learned what I need I don't find the game so intruiging anymore. But this game has me going on and on. Do I recommend it? Oh Yeah!If you kinda liked Age of Wonders, Heroes of Might and Magic and Sid Meiers Civ, this game is for you."
76561198011915835,Recommended,228260,13797209,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,brotherofbuff,"So far the best fantasy 4x game I played  recently. I enjoyed the orginal and months playing with the expansion pack I dont think I played a fantasy 4x that can top it. I tried the new Eador  couldnt get into it. It felt stale.  Warlock 1 with all its expansion packs. Looked pretty but the economy was too simplistic for me. Age of Wonders 3 had flashy graphics and a cool turn based combat system but again the economy and city buidling was too simplistic.When it comes to Fallen Enchantress with Legendary Heroes it had the depthness I craved. I love the research tree, the magic system, the scarcity of resources, city management, and my favorite the turn based battles. The game is not pretty thats why I tried the flashier graphic games but I always came back to FE:LH. The mods you can download makes the game play even more vast. I enjoy the side quests, leveling your heroes, attracting heroes, and of course the variety of tactics with magic your heroes can issue forth. I love to upgrade my heroes with armor and mounts.The main game I almost bought that I wanted to try was Endlesss Legend. I was disapointed with Endlesss Space so it kind of burn me out from tryin Endlesss legends. Also I heard there was no tactical combat which is must for me in a fantasy 4x game. Makes it hard for me to go back to civ 5.I tried the classic turn based games like Heroes of Might and Magic 3 and Masters of Magic. The interfaces are probably too old for me now to fully appreciate its significants. From what I can tell this game is very comparable to what people loved about those games back then. I am not turn off by graphics cause my favorite games recently are Baldur's gate series, Alpha Centari, MOO2, and the orginal Fallout's but interface in older games can take awhile for me to get use too. Regardless I love this game and recommend it. I know some people hate it for variety of reasons but to me despite the graphics and generic story it is the Standard for Fantasy 4x right now. Hopefully they make a new one with better graphics, and a better story so the developers can get the respect they deserve."
,Recommended,228260,15469095,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Fresh Rug,"Customisable:Units, Check.Factions, Check.Leaders, Check.Spells, Nope, no summoning Guars I'm afraid. :(Ability to change colour of weapons to a ridiculous bright pink, Check.Ability to customise your customised units portrait with a ridiculous pose and then post it to facebook because you have no life, Check.And that's without mods.Strength of AI with one Ai improving mod, TOO DAMN HIGH."
,Recommended,228260,14915843,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ookami007,"This is one of my all time favorite fantasy 4x games.  It's basically Civ set in a rich, fantasy world meshed with an RPG heroes type system that allows both units and champions to level up, get better and gain skills.  I've put WAY too many hours into this and am testing their newest game - Sorcerer King."
76561198068493163,Recommended,228260,9111743,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bobashnabala,"For anybody who loves strategy, this game is definitely a must have. It mixes interesting strategic combat with a Civilization like overworld, all while providing that RPG feeling. On top of that, it is highly customizable and even has a couple of mods."
,Recommended,228260,20956814,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,lexchess,Plays well. Plenty of replayability.
,Recommended,228260,13873784,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cura,"Allow me to ask the following questions?- Do you like turned based gameplay?- Do you like Roleplaying Games (RPGs)?- Do you like kingdom/empire building?- Do you like customization?If you said 'yes' to all of these questions, then you are going to enjoy this title.Elemental: Fallen Enchantress was released back in 2012 as a 4x, turn-based tactics game that mixes elements of the 'Civilization' series with kingdom/empire building, development of your research, and defending yourself from both man and horde. While the 'Heroes of Might and Magic' elements are deeply rooted with customization, the ability to custom make your king (or queen) with what skills, specialization, and even their appearance and weapon. The same can be said for your military units. As you can make them either man or woman, what their weapon is and what their armor and skills are. This though, is the stand-alone expansion which is the same game, but with the added content.Peronsally from my standpoint on this game, I've already spent about ten hours playing it and I love it. The customization is the biggest factor for me and the mods available for this title is amazing. The only negative I see is price on steam, it being $39.99, along with all the DLC being around $30 ($29.94) in price, I'd wait you either have the funds to buy or it to go on sale.Regardless, I think its an amazing title and it deserves a chance if you are into fantasy, turn-based games or city-builders."
,Recommended,228260,2801578,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Sian Mors,"Have you ever played any CiV game and thought something was missing? Or that the combat was boring? then you might give fallen enchantress a try where it lacks in historical contents it makes up for it in Customization in a high fantasy theme. The battles are turn based HoMM style, so you get to see those high priced unit in all their splendor. Also there are a couple of mods that do enrich the content in terms of units and playable Kingdoms/empires.CONS: NO multyplayer (personally not a fan of it anyway in this type of games)Graphics are hit and miss but again it makes easy for the modders to add a TON of content.Fullscreen is not fullscreen (its a borderless window regardless of setting)."
,Recommended,228260,35435407,Posted: 2 October,all,KrackenS,i thought i only played this game for ten minutes.... then boom... already 9 hours....its great game with their customizable units and leader also with equipment.... world boss also interesting... the only donwsides of this game is their outdated graphics... hopefully they launch the HD edition or remastered... love it...
76561198014628257,Recommended,228260,10614743,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shadowban,"If you like strategy games such as fire emblem or heroes of might and magic with a bit of civ4, you will enjoy this game"
76561198061421784,Recommended,228260,8138628,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bearcat Von Cattercat,"I've kept coming back to this game over and over for the past year, it has a significant level of replayability due to it's dynamic feel of combining your Total War Strategy style with an excellent grid turn based battle system(similar to your typical tactics games).  The ability to make your own ruler, adjust game variables, and it's always random quests as well as it's on in game workshop makes this game one of my top 5 of 2013."
,Recommended,228260,13844552,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ajax,"I really liked the previous game but it was too buggy, this game is much better and has no problems so far, but the one thing that irks me is that it doesnt have the dynasty system that elementals did. THIS GAME NEEDS THE DYNASTY SYSTEM please. =P"
76561197990090047,Recommended,228260,8283590,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Spedekil,Civilization meets Heroes of Might and Magic. Fallen pulls off this combination at about 75% of both games. It does leave some elements of both to be desired but overall I still enjoyed the game play. Given enough options for character and kingdom design I will revisit this game in the future.
76561198036070987,Not Recommended,228260,10361329,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Gundarr,just a copy of the last FE but with like 10 new enemies and heroes could have easly been a dlc or major content patch not worth any money
76561198031624161,Not Recommended,228260,10434481,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"I enjoyed this game for the start , yes its worth the $9 i paid for it. but the more i play it the more bugs start apearing , game starts crashing , if theres more than 3 factions game starts running super slow. its okay would'nt recommend"
76561197987301516,Recommended,228260,13804242,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,barkogy,"I have very positive experience with this game. Characters, heroes, equipment of the troops, etc. are detailed enough. Empire building and towns are implemented well. Research is logic, benefit is useful. All in all, I recommend this game."
76561198005731740,Recommended,228260,12327853,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,vaeris77,Well done 4X game. Must have if you are into that style game. The DLC is worth it. Solid.
76561198008257420,Recommended,228260,13962924,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,s_ferg,Sweet
,Not Recommended,228260,16631255,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"This game tries to strike a balance between heroic questing and exploration, versus strategic expansion and conquest.It fails to find that balance, and ultimately ends up being a Civ-type game with far too much micro-managing."
,Recommended,228260,13104896,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kallyous,"First Elemental was not bad, just too buggy. As for Fallen Enchantress, everything came out nearly perfect. Have bought all DLC. No regrets. Great game. The AI was the only downside on the begining, but it has been improved greatly and put enougth fight now. Great strategy game, as usually from Stardock."
76561197985072747,Recommended,228260,1040187,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"I loved the first one and this is an improvement. If you like Fantasy, tactical turn based combat and world map strategy get it!"
76561198066685576,Recommended,228260,27807802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CottonSocks,"One of the few empire-builder's that held my attention and has decent replay value. There are enough different aspects to it that it keeps it interesting and the odd crashes and bugs are not detrimental enough to change my opinion of it.If it's on sale, go for it"
76561198030916207,Recommended,228260,22459026,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,dmcf,"The adventuring against monsters, bandits and other NPCs early in this game is a lot of fun, and the character classes and skills are interesting - especially when you add in those you can get in mods.Unfortunately the AI of the AI controlled kingdoms is pretty poor and the AI kingdoms' units mostly look and act pretty much the same as one another, which makes the later part of any game a bit dull.Add to this the lack of any multiplayer andwhat could have been a great game is just an ok one which usually tails off into being dull late in the game.Best mods i've tried are Demons and Wizards - which actually improves the AI a fair bit - and Legacy of Magic, which adds large amounts of technology to research, tonnes of items and NPCs, though the AI is still mostly poor in it. Character Bonanaza adds a lot of new characters too."
76561198029743753,Recommended,228260,7774281,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,StarFishon,great fantasy strategy game
76561198079489314,Recommended,228260,13815455,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Evaen,"An epic Civilization type game which has what I consider an unparalleled customization system for a Strategy game. You can choose the specific gear you want your units to wear, what you want them to look like, their traits, heck you can make your own unit from scratch. I love the whole injury aspect of it as well (When your ""Champions"" die in combat they just suffer a permanent injury unless you heal them with an item, I've yet to find many of the items though) I killed an enemy champion a bunch of times and I got bored so I wanted to see the damage I'd done to him, I'd basically scarred him for life mentally and physically, yet he was still fighting (I found this kind of hilarious xD.)10/10 Would scar again."
,Recommended,228260,16672360,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mad_Malach,"First of all this game is awesome, can be played with and without mods, but preferable is with them. This game could achieve many things and could be said a next best game after the HoMM 3, as I like to create Hero which can be an outstanding character. This game allows this, and give many ways of achieving victory and playing is almost endless not like in HoMM 3 (Still game is perfect for playing with friends and campaign also nice :) ) where after wining game is over and here you can still go. For me this game is connecting HoMM 3 and Civilizations which give a birth to a good child but weak. Why is that? First of all it have a very good foundation to be the best but still need much more time to be ""trained"" and shows the results of being completed.What it needs to be done to be remembered and still be playable like HoMM?-Perfomance ! (This game on big maps takes time, not saying about time how long is to achieve the victory, but the time between turns! After 100-150 turns time to wait is about 1-2 min to get my turn. My computer isn't high-tech and is tweaked so much to hold this game on proper efficiency (Also everything changed for lowest settings to get the best results) as for me this game doesn't need much of graphics, I like this game because of mechanics and creativity. Graphics are only a nice addition.-Multiplayer like in HoMM3 or Worms then this game will rock much more, trying to take your friends towns or figthing againts friends forces on battleground, that would awesome.If you have a good computer then this game is one of the best, it's worth its money and even if this is still singleplayer you can have a nice package of fun for many months.That's All,Malach Out!"
,Recommended,228260,7822103,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Dave,It's not right that games are this fun....I need to do other things with my life!
,Recommended,228260,13825115,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jonthecary,"Lots of cool options and custimization for both hero units and regular units. Factions have slightly different play styles, though it's nothing drastic. You can even create your own factions along with a main character for it.It has a bit of a learning curve, but not too steep. The action tends to slow down after you defeat all the lower level creatures in the area, and have to start venturing towards other players. Diplomacy was simple for me: I liked having clear answers and numerical values during trades instead of having to guess whether your diplomat is skilled enough to overcome the hatred between your nations, as seen in other 4X titles.If you like 4X games as well as RPGs, I strongly recommend this game. Doesn't seem to have a strong story line, but if you can invest in giving your own characters a voice, there's plenty to commit to."
,Recommended,228260,9916614,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,[S41]Sanctious,"Great game, great customization, there's mods for it, and it gets more immersive with content creators going at it like nuts. Would recommend."
76561198274143201,Recommended,228260,25594807,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,mljlol817909,"Good game apart from the bugs.  There are a lot of bugs that detract from the overall gameplay.  Especially the map-making, bugged beyond saving and very difficult/frustrating to use.Apart from the bugs the game gets very bogged down in the later stages of the game.But the good out-weighs the bad, this reminds me a lot of MoM which I played a ton of back in the mid-late 90s.  The ability to customize your faction and ""wizard"" is great, the rpg elements involving your heroes and units is great.  The areas that you can cleanse and claim for your own and the quests also add a lot of replay value.7/10 for me, could've been much higher apart from the bugs.  Currently downloading SK, hoping that has a bit more polish to it."
,Recommended,228260,11969667,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,ArtificerXL,"Love this game. Build your own Soveriegn, choose a race, choose the  strengths and weaknesses of your Kingdom/Empire and then take on a world overun by monsters and other factions after a cataclysm. You can use the default unit designs they provide or make your own, name them what you want and rename them on the battlefield. ""Atlar Heavy Infantry to Jamie's Besiegers"" for example. This game can by as immersive as you want.The aim of this 4x game is to successfully manage your faction towards one of 5 victory conditions whilst fending off the awakened monsters of the world and other soveriegns.If you have played the civilation series you will feel right at home here. Diplomacy suffers alot compared to Civ but this game makes up for it in other ways. Customisable heroes and turn-based battles are examples.Would have liked to see more customisation options to really go to town with your factions own unique identity and it would have been nice to see some more 'Master Quests'"
76561198027455695,Recommended,228260,13146971,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,nafune,"A very big step up from the last fallen enchantress. Much better control on character prog, you must collect fame to get heros insteed for finding them and pay them. The difficult setting much better and the graphic a big inprovment. Overall a good sequel. I recommend it to all out thier."
76561197980238865,Recommended,228260,13183317,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"This game is obscure, even for a 4X. We all know our Civilizations or Dominions or Alpha Centauris, but I barely know anyone who's heard of this, let alone played it. That being said, this game could be described a rough diamond. The game has some glaring balance issues, and it's a good bit glitchy at times, but the gameplay is solid and rewarding.Every game begins like any Civilization game, where you found your capital city and then start to explore the world. However, instead of your standard units like Civilization has, you have customized units that you can design yourself. You also have heroes, which are specialty one-man armies that will join your cause from time to time.If you've played Age of Wonders III, the combat is remarkably similar. When you enter battle, both factions are placed on the opposite side of the battlefield, and you move them into play until they're in range to strike.The world itself is incredibly detailed. On almost every playthrough, I'll run into a quest or monster that I've never seen before, and every game spawns one of four special areas of the map where you can fight boss-type monsters and aquire extremely rare treasure. Every game brings something new.PROS:- Incredibly varied worlds- Good combat system- Lots of ""fluff""- Wide variety of artifacts and weapons- Useful character creatorCONS:- Some factions just plain suck- Game can be glitchy, particularly when loading saves- Soundtrack's rather forgettableFINAL VERDICTFirst off, buying this game with all the DLC will leave you homeless. When our Lord and Savior Gaben blesses this software with the glorious green of a sale, snatch it up as soon as you can. You won't be disappointed."
76561197984917838,Not Recommended,228260,19926345,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Garland Adolis,"The tutorial can now be played without forcing you to restart the program. This is about the only thing Legendary Heroes does better than the original Fallen Enchantress. The issue of the game not properly closing persists, the AI is if anything even more cheaty (thirty turns in I and most of the AI factions are in scores around the 10s and 20s except for one faction that had a score of 570, and one faction has the ability to instantly capture one city per turn without a fight with no way to avoid it). Given the age of the game and the fact that Stardock has moved on to Sorcerer King I doubt these issues will ever be resolved.Don't waste your money. Get Age of Wonders 3 or Endless Legend instead."
,Recommended,228260,18313763,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ixo,"I really enjoyed this game. It's similar to games like Civilization or Warlocks: Master of the Arcane but the details are all heavily changed to create a very unique entry into the genre. Given how much there are to games like this, I'll just highlight things that stood out to me that I liked and didn't like.What I liked:+Each leader/faction felt significantly different from the other factions -- There's a lot of different units, spells and bonuses that each faction gets to make you get a different experience playing with each one.+The game's combat is really fun -- You can play in a top down view isometric grid type combat or auto-calc. The auto-calc is weird, so sometimes you suffer some bad losses and sometimes you win a battle you could have never won, however I found this feature to be more in my favor than ever against me and I normally only did it in situations where I would obviously win to save time. Additionally you can create very large armies with very powerful units so that a combat victory is much more feasible than in a game like Civilization.+The random stuff on the map is quite fun -- The game has a quest system which, while basic, is actually pretty fun in short bursts. Additionally there is the option to have a ton of monsters and animals to keep yourself busy with them. On top of all that there is a dedicated area on each map where a ludicrously over-powered monster reigns who you can fight for some sweet items.+The hero system is pretty fun -- At first heros seem awesome. Heroes can use spells, equip gear, have special properties that buff your army or a city they occupy. In combat they aren't useful later in game because their stats just don't scale well, but their spells/city/group buffs can be worth it. Each hero is very different so it's something to explore.+The city system is really good and has great progression -- Each city levels up and as they level you can choose a specialization for them, offering bonuses to that particular city. This is really cool and offers you a new level of customization. I found myself regularly creating 1 resource heavy city and then making several combat cities to amass a horde of overpowered soldiers.What I didn't like:-The game isn't technically perfect -- Sometimes you try to click something on the map and the game has it's own mind. Sometimes walking to a particular place is a real pain. These were fairly minimal interruptions, but over the course of 50 hours it was enough to make me complain about it. Also as mentioned earlier the auto-calcuation battles can be wonky. Sometimes I would start a fight manually, then once I realized I couldn't win, I'd auto-calc to end my suffering. However, I'd end up winning a fair amount of those battles somehow. It didn't bother me because it was a nice surprise, but it may be a break in realism for others.-There is a steep learning curve -- The game has a lot of stuff to it, much like civ. The difference is that in this game the combat is more present, so you do need to be more up to snuff. I found myself being demolished in about 3 (...practice) games before I could finally conquer others, even on easier settings. The monsters can be a real threat, which is nice later on, but at the start it can be overwhelming.If you like any sort of strategy, please try this game. I was sad I was so hesistant in buying it (I didn't buy it until it hit $10, easily worth $40). Please note this review is based on the game without any of the DLC."
,Recommended,228260,12876189,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jack Forsythe,"A great civ builder with lots of RPG style mechanics. Solid DLC. Tons of fun if a bit slow at the begginning. Later on battle end up taking a good 10-20 minutes of strategic combat to win, usually involving a dragon or two!"
76561198010321618,Not Recommended,228260,32072717,Posted: 30 May,all,Носки в порядке,"OMG, Can Stardock make a patch to prevent the game from Crashes??? War of Magic, Fallen Enchentress - making long campaign leads you to 100% game crash!!! Sorcer King is awful by the way.  How is it possible at all to make the game worse and worse???? War of Magic was great, but with crashes. FE was not as good as WoM but still ok, and again the main feature of the game CRASHES!!!! And know we have Sorcer King. it could be good if it was created in 2000. Looks like Stardock is trying to steal my money."
76561197996025113,Recommended,228260,13831530,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,athelasloraiel,excellent game with huge replayability. Be sure to check mods which expand it even more. AI is 4/5 esp. on hard level and aggressiveness high.
,Not Recommended,228260,10359435,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zophie Winters,"Game looks good on paper, wasn't very fun when I played it though, sorry :("
76561198072105164,Not Recommended,228260,10363050,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,DryJuice,Do not waste your money on this game. It tries to be a complex game without finding any harmony between its elements. You'll find yourself stranded in walls of text tries to figure out what anything does.
,Not Recommended,228260,10855659,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,federated state of trollnesia,"Definitely not caring for Stardock's practices - this game's got a ""Facebook button"" a hot-link to an amazon page for some dumb♥♥♥♥♥fantasy book (freaked me out when my browser window showed up in my face, thought I'd gotten hit with malware). It also makes you register a stardock account to play.I think the gameplay I've tried here for about <1 hours now is enough to say that I'll probably get a good 10 hours or more out of this game, so it's worth ten bux, but the above has turned me off from future purchases from this company or this series. It's horrribly unprofessional to solicit irrelevant material to someone who's already bought one of products.And yes, I am getting spammed in my inbox from the last stardock game I bought (Sins), I can see what they're doing with my email address, that's for sure...Don't support companies that pull this stuff."
,Not Recommended,228260,12095192,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,annikajade,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198109331088,Not Recommended,228260,9364763,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,lifelivedlong,"its a very fun game to play! but this game does not work for me any more. its crashing before i can even get to the main menu. i really want this fixed if at all possible. im an active member of steam and there third partys, please help me with this problem and restore the security i have with there services and there third partys."
76561197994972739,Recommended,228260,10696489,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WOW 360 DOGE SCOPE,If you want a bit of a fantasy / RPG element to a civ type game this is worth a try.
,Recommended,228260,8073445,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Zachariah Wildwood,My initial impression is: How have I not heard about this before? It feels like this game was tailor made for me. It's a mix of Civ and Heroes of Might and Magic without stripping down the hefty ideas from those two games. This is a very deep strategy game that allows for a lot of customisation - a sentence that always wins me over. So far I have been able to create an evil mage warlord from a fantasy story I wrote a long time ago and live out his career. The game is moulding itself around my play style rather than the other way around which is an absolute win. I forsee many late nights with this one. It's like discovering HoMM3 all over again...
76561197970495462,Not Recommended,228260,8349979,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Died,"The strategy on this game is a little odd I found... the extra element for the title is the legendary creatures stationed around the map (usually just outside your territory). When territory expands to include them, they become active... and promptly kill any heroes you have in the area.If a computer opponent activates one in his area, and you approach, it kills your heroes, while ignoring theres.... kinda a silly mechanic really.Other than that, the game is pretty enjoyable."
76561198049376018,Not Recommended,228260,11677382,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,rookenoble,Like the idea of the game.  Too buggy.  Too clunky.  Has crashed 3 times in 2 hours of play.  Waste of money.
,Recommended,228260,13811974,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,StominNormin,"I tried it because it was a free weekend so why not and I have to say I'm defenately buying this game now.  Perfect mix of civilization with tactical turn based fantasy combat that keeps me saying just a few more turns, then I'll go to bed.  As if that wasn't enough my jaw just about dropped to the ground when I saw the character, faction and unit customization options.  So if you like civilization games, turn based games, empire building games and/or strategy games you can't go wrong with this title."
,Recommended,228260,13815165,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Elriech,"I really enjoy playing this game and with each DLC release, I enjoy it again. Great replayability."
,Not Recommended,228260,8729389,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Fregle,"I immediately bought this when I found out about it because I adore the old Heroes of Might and Magic games and the Age of Wonders franchise, and I really wanted something newer and better to play with my friends.Those of you who know this game already know what my first problem is... No multiplayer?! I assumed it had multiplayer since every similar game that went before it has multiplayer, but boy was I stupid not to have checked that little detail beforehand. And there won't be any multiplayer in the future either.Oh well, I like to play those games in single player mode too, so all's not lost... And the gameplay is great. It's better than HoMM and AoW. It really is a step forward, and not only graphically.But that positive note was dashed almost immediately. This game is buggier than an ant-farm (on windows XP certainly, on windows 7 less so). It used to crash right before it saved (only a game that corrupts its own savegames is more annoying), but still I had to save often because a slew of other things could go wrong, so many actions could lead to crippling or annoying bugs that it isn't possible to sum them up here. After a few updates the saving issue was gone but other bugs popped up. To this day the bugs make this game practically unplayable, and that is a crying shame, because it really is a good game at heart.7/10 if they get the bugs out. 3/10 as it is right now."
76561198064418854,Recommended,228260,13838278,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,your moms friend,"this is my absolute favorite scheme game, the only other game that comes close is dominions 4, lots of dlc and more on the way, only thing i would want would be more quests but your first 2 playthroughs you're golden, 10/10"
,Recommended,228260,2011805,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Yonan,"Excellent fantasy 4x.  Well worth the $13 iirc when discounted.3rd iteration of the game and they've finally got it right, many improvements over the previous version... mostly minor, but they amount to making a good game great."
,Recommended,228260,7961469,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jib333,This is a really fun game love making my own units towards the end of games. Amazingly fun and beautifully balanced.
76561198063350327,Recommended,228260,7795220,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Compucated,"This is a really fun game. Imagine Warcraft 3 meeting Civilization/AoE, build an empire from the ground up using a hero and epix lewt you find. Several different ways to win, AI is pretty adaptive, and can be quite challenging. My only qualm is this game will crash once in a while, but even then the auto-save is really good about keeping your game saved."
,Recommended,228260,7770350,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Beef Kaker,This might have one of the worst names in gaming history but don't let that put you off. Instead imagine how awesome a cross between Civ and an old school top down RPG would be. Then realize that it exists and is in fact this game. Superb. Prepare to lose hours and hours of your life
,Recommended,228260,7525756,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Protricity,"The kind of 4X that brings my relationship with strategy games to a lofty peak. It is engaging and yet oddly meditative, almost relaxing to play rather than nerve-wracking and brain-frying."
,Recommended,228260,7850756,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Levity,Pleasantly surprised!
76561198027148379,Recommended,228260,8151601,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,arawnjt3347,this is civilization. but with a great fantasy feel!
,Recommended,228260,8472147,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"Stunning 4x.. as though ""Civilization IV:  Fall From Heaven II"" was combined with ""Age of Wonders:  Shadow Magic"" & ""Final Fantasy Tactics.""  For fans of high mythological fantasy in strategy games, this may be the gem you've been hunting for.  Most impressive & exciting is the ability to design heroes, races, maps, etc.  It's great to actually see equipped items on heroes and adds to the variety of the skill trees.  It'll take a few hundred more hours to know how good it actually is, but thus far it is impressive & enchanting.  Ignore the high learning curve and just jump right in. The choices feel intuitive as it's easy to play, yet difficult to master.  The Magic is sweet.  Must have for 4x fatasy fans."
76561198120554434,Not Recommended,228260,23458235,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,hvplaten,"I am a fan of strategic RPGs. So I might have had high expectations towards FE. There are several aspects worth mentioning.1. Movement: most units have a movement range of two squares. None can pass mountains or oceans/lakes. There are no teleporter. But in later game you can learn a spell to transport your troops to any location you desire. This makes the game extremely lengthy and IMHO dull. Having learnd the spell of transportation it is giving too much of an advantage.2. Tactical combat: your maximum number of attackers is nine units (i.e. a group of soldiers) or champions. When you attack a city, any defending unit or champion will be supported by a number of city units, depending on the buildings errected in this city. There are no obsticals like city walls to hinder the attackers. This makes every battle follow the same pattern: try to kill the archers as quick as possible and mob up the rest. Even if you bring more troops you cannot stack them. My city was once attacked by four groups one after the other in the same round and for every city unit that was killed a new city unit (level 1 though) stepped forward. After a while that is boring.3. Diplomatic system: normally every fraction is going to negotiate with you. And normally you can persuade every fraction to do what you want regardless of their opinion towards you. It will just cost you more. You can trade knowledge and resources but no citys or resoureces pits. Your opponents switch their alliance at random. Or so it seems to me. What is the use of a long-time friend to turn on you whilest every other fraction already is at war with him? That has to be done better.4. Game stability: crap. I dont have to go into this deeper. Just read some of the other comments.5. Research: there are just very few research differences for the different races.6. Injury system: whenever your monarch or one of his/her champions is beaten they will not die. They start over in the nearest city with all their equipment. All the receive as a punishment is a recreation period during which they cannot move and to a champion a random injury. That injury gives the champion a malady: for example less hit points or less strengh. Such injuries will stay with the champion until they are lifted by a potion which can be produced as a consequence of a city achivement. Even a level-up will not effect the injury. So when my champions were defeated several times, they literally became cripples. Moreover, there is a potion to lift all injuries of a person at once but you cannot produce it in your cities. So you have to buy the healing potion several times for 400 gp each.Conclusion: FE: Legendary Heroes is way behind other products of the genre. Even the older Age of Wonders 2 (which I still do recommend as ground-breaking) is better and more stable."
76561198049990742,Recommended,228260,7449404,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Exoterius,"Soooooo....When  Elemental:War of Magic  was born he was badly broken - Oh how we laughed....but Stardock were sad :P So they applied some bandages to their poorly game and kissed it better and renamed it Elemental:Fallen Enchantress and those who did not laugh, because they had paid munny, got it for free as a patch and game was better but he was stupid and still kept falling over, but people liked him and Stardock listened and did some genetic engineering on his DNA and produced this.....And lo, it was good and now we have adopted the game because he is so loving and gives us all that is great in turn based tactical battles and RPG strategy, and at last his brother : Civilization and his Sister : HOMM can be proud......Awwww :)And he's quite handsome too."
,Recommended,228260,7863410,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pyro,"One...  more... turn...  here's a hint.  If you get this game, set your alarm clock when you start playing.  You will start playing, and you will keep playing until you need to eat or pee, whichever comes first.  Then you will play some more.  I've almost missed work twice because of One More Turn Syndrome."
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,228260,9976660,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Paladin Leeroy,"relatively boring game . Biggest issue with the game i had was the tactical combat . Its dull . Maps are small , archers/mages can shoot across the map , sieges dont involve any forms of walls . Just extra conscript units which are useless are spawned. No more that one stack of units (1 army vs 1 army)  can fight . So if you have several armies fighting you are going to fight first battle . Then after it you will fight another battle , etc. Combat is inferior to age of wonders 2 ."
,Recommended,228260,12400515,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Cognitive,One of my favorite games
76561198001784686,Recommended,228260,10202297,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Beaghan,"I read all of the negative write ups and decided to give it a try anyway. I love the game. The AI is lacking and it will just spam attack you once it starts but there is so much to like about it, unit customizing, so many options with your cities, many choices can impact you later. I love the game and I think I'll be playing this one for a long time."
76561197977133808,Not Recommended,228260,11647096,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Souj,Really? I have to create an account to play this game? You don't trust my steam account? Pass.
76561198006590813,Not Recommended,228260,9265533,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Digital,"This game had some good elements, but I would say that most aspects of it fall short. Its like civilization and your units group in an army and you go to a battle screen kind of like Total War games. Except the battles are turn based and I have a lot of problems with the battles, The ranged units can hit anywhere on the map... So your weaker mages or archers get picked off easy, especially if you auto-resolve, all your weak units will be dead, all other units no damage. Also the fights start pretty much face to face, first person to move usually gets the kill. One thing that really annoyed me was the character models, they are going for a RPG element with lots of items for heros, except the heros and items look sooo horribly bad, Like I dont understand how these days, even a modest graphic designer could probably nock out some really good character and item models. The game might be worth getting for under 5 bucks, other than that pass it up. If you really want a city building fantasy battle game go for Warlock - Master of the Archane, seems like a nice one so far,"
,Recommended,228260,11426122,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lady Grey,"Fallen Enchantress is an awesome mix of Civilization, Spellforce, and King's Bounty. All of these are games I love to pieces. Fallen Enchantress uses the hero and quest system from Spellforce, the Hero leveling and battle system from King's Bounty (with squares instead of hex spaces) and the format of Civilization, with a fantasy twist. Get ready to lose hours of your life playing it!"
76561198045446661,Recommended,228260,18342764,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Belazarius,"So much fun. Just have the base game, have not bought any DLC, yet."
76561198008910619,Recommended,228260,18483068,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Dizciple,Cool as......
,Recommended,228260,18349926,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,sir Tarquin,It's great.
,Recommended,228260,14843973,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,trey_ok,"A citybuilding, turn-based strat with RPG elements?? Totally worth it. Buy it on sale and it's a bloody steal."
76561198106013105,Recommended,228260,7443401,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Galactic Origins,"This is fun. FE is faster moving than Eador and there are more options for levelling up the Heroes. You alos get more Heroes than in Eador. Eador is slow, and I have only played it on tiny shards, so the Warrior Blitz tactic worked there. I think FE:LH is a good game. Of course, it does not have the monster units found in Eador, but it takes a long time in Eador to get them.FE has city building as well. The cities can become one of several types: Town for $$, Conclave for research and Fortress for unit production. Oh, and FE has research. I went thru the whole research trees in my first game. In the second I had Slow Research selected, and it was nive and slow.Your Heroes may select from multiple paths. I created a Leader with Life and Water speels and healed my units to victory many times. I put another Champion in the same army and he was the tank warrior, very cool.I like playing FE:LH."
76561197961552416,Recommended,228260,23219371,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Major Von Schoff,"What a fun game!!  Played this alot. This game has 2 parts.  The role playing hero system which is fun and the strategic,  4x element with many units (all customizable) and the battle map which give it a old school Master of Magic feeling."
,Recommended,228260,975614,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Fjordus,Great fantasy TBS.  The best since AoW2: SM.
76561198071565972,Not Recommended,228260,14039138,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,btgeldi,"Game crashes frequently. So much so that from now do you think of giving up ... I also play starts extremely slowly ... I guess all maps in the game opened up the game ""dB"" is swelling. This is very boring. In a game that should not be sold on these errors."
76561198005497571,Recommended,228260,13988875,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Deathcoaster,"Good game for DnD nerds and such. Little buggy and crashes sometime, but awesome replay value."
76561197966717909,Recommended,228260,14106878,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sanami,Played for nearly 5 hours and have no idea what im i doing...did the tutorial but it seems it didnt tell you enough.but the game is worth exploring.
76561198009760383,Not Recommended,228260,13943310,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Muzolf,"Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes aspires to be a great game, and all the elements of a good turn based fantasy strategy game are there, unfortunetly, after 40+ hours of playing it, i have to say, while it is addicting, it is not very fun to play it.I am sure there are people who have lots of fun playing at the start like an ant wich has to be careful where to build it howel least the many wandering beings of power trample it. Scurry around with you units like rats in a field full of cats and larger predators, and pray that none of the monsters, who are at this point unbeatable, notice you.I know what others playing the game will say, that nothing is unbeatable given time. Well sure, but time is not something you have for it when there are AI rivals on the world, who are absolutly unnaffected by the same creatures building their empires, (And don't you dare claim othervise, i have seen unescorted pioneers of the AI walk around dragons and wandering ogre armies unmolested. And no, they did not have the stealthy trait.) this is frustrating at the least.That is not to say it cannot be an enjoyable game, and that you could not beat it. (Sometimes easily, even on harder difficulties.) But luck is too much of a factor, and it is infuriating to realise that you are screwed after an hour of playing, because a creature with physical immunity wandered into your territory (And you have no magic yet), or a random event spawned a swarm of giant spiders on top of your capital that is stronger as your entire armed forces.In a faster game these issues could be looked over, but Fallen Enchantress is Slooowww.I love empire building, i have no problems with a game being slow, but when it is slow, and a bit of bad luck can be game ending, and you have to restart over and over again to get a starting position that is not full of nasties you cannot beat until after midgame tech, that is simply bad design."
,Recommended,228260,14083264,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,xXChefSDXx,Good Turn-based strategy. A little to little stuff to do. It's very easy to fade away for a couple of hours tho ^^
76561198112006149,Recommended,228260,14001572,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,dtommila,very grat game i realy llke tis game.
,Recommended,228260,14003180,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Falcon,7.5/10 - Great Game with a good amount of replay. Bad pathing issues. Average AI. Focusing now on the Mods to see if they can fix some of the bigger bugs. Fed a need for a new game on this category... looking forwards to the next expansion.
76561198152607584,Not Recommended,228260,13986127,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,drorbedrack,Pretty nice game. Need some tweaking to be really good.
76561197991567851,Not Recommended,228260,11875191,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Fixxed,"Confusing and steep learning curve for a (imo) cheaper copy of warcraft strat game mixed with other better tactical strat games...Seriously this game is definetly not unique, the look is just cheap and mediocre (not unique, poorly made and wana be graphics).There are many buttons and facts on the main screen, making info overload... totally unecessary, since once you start playing you realize many of those ♥♥♥♥♥ are worthless or dispensable...I would only buy this game on a massive promo... not worth it... If you want rts with heroes, get warcraft cause its still up to date and if you want tactical games lol... there are many better than this 1..."
76561198031469633,Not Recommended,228260,13796893,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,PirateNinjaRobot,"This game, both Fallen Enchantress and the Legendary Heroes standalone, seemed like an awesome concept but didn't come close to meeting its potential.  I got bored of it very fast and found myself wishing for a game that actually realized the potential that Fallen Enchantress showed - and that game is Endless Legend, so buy it instead.  I hate to say that, but it's the truth."
,Not Recommended,228260,13805280,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,N71,"Requires unnecessary account on Stardock, which can't be created. People said, you can create it onstardock.comand then play - not my case. I made it, but still can't start the game."
,Recommended,228260,13252957,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Brucock,It's like Civ meets age of wonders with a twist of oldschool PC rpg. Amazing game very customizable. You will love it.
,Recommended,228260,332221,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,JetFred,"This game combines some elements of Civilization with fantasy monsters, tactical battles, and lots of components from role-playing games: loot, character skills and spells, and quests."
,Not Recommended,228260,18108839,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,lullynevenstar,"Lost interest playing the scenerios. Fighting is fun as well as heroe leveling, but non-heroes die permanently and enemies seem to level too fast. Found no interest in the city upgrading functions."
76561198004659786,Recommended,228260,27776287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[TMi] Ren,"A bit clunky, has some weird bugs (need to restart the game when you reload a save if you want to see any map borders), but a charming game nonetheless.Takes awhile to get used to if you come from Civ games ( city stats depend only on the square you place the city on, if the first square wasn't next to river then you can't build a harbor even after expanding the city to a river... )After getting access to right spells you can redesign the landscape which is awesome.Army and hero management is alright.Battles against an enemy that spams fear suck but oh well.Definitely worth picking up during a sale if you like turn-based 4X + fantasy setting."
76561198061170034,Recommended,228260,20260401,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jetboy,"Solid game, really fun. Little bit buggy, but nothing too bad."
76561198056682679,Not Recommended,228260,18211647,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,rene.perron,gameplay mediocre at best terrible graphics.
76561197994281375,Recommended,228260,27551895,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Harm,7 out of 10A decent turn based empire building strategy game.
76561198079120593,Recommended,228260,7851756,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Battlemaster,"Civ-type game with warrior/mage/dragon types. One of the best games I have ever played. Up there with Civ and C&C Zero-Hour. Wish Zero-Hour was Steam-based. Steam uses the cloud for bulk game storage, and you don't have to keep doing the ""insert original CD to play"" pain in the..."
,Recommended,228260,9141761,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,CPLWeeks,The best way I can describe Fallen Enchantress is to ask you to picture an outstanding fantasy mod for Civilization; with RPG elements added in. It's awesome.
76561198062272398,Recommended,228260,17621932,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,clevmut,Great time passer game. Played all the leaders and have most all of the achievements. Highly recommend.
76561197970634020,Recommended,228260,440384,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Mork d'Ork,"CAVEAT EMPTOR: This game and the original Fallen Enchantress are the SAME GAME.So apparently the 'Fallen Enchantress' title is a run of games the latest of which is 'Legendary Heroes', but rather than having a whole lot of new♥♥♥♥♥♥with a ""new"" game these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are basically charging people $30 for what I can confidently call a minor interface and content patch... ♥♥♥♥ING MINOR... INSIGNIFICANT...These people should be castigated for pawning off an UNCHANGED GAME for such an enormous price. There is NOTHING in this game that warrent it's cost.That being said: 1) if you do not own the original Fallen Enchantress, 2) if you really enjoy civ, and 3) you really enjoy fantasy, then you could genuinely enjoy this game. Check out my recommendation for the original.AGAIN: IF YOU ALREADY OWN THE ORIGINAL FALLEN ENCHANTRESS DO NOT BUY THIS GAME: YOU'LL BE WAISTING YOUR MONEY AS THERE IS ESSENTIALLY NO ♥♥♥♥ING DIFFERENCE AT ALL."
,Not Recommended,228260,7853503,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"A clunky, ugly, Civilization-style 4X strategy game that is overly complicated and makes little effort to explain itself. Fallen Enchantress makes a big deal about its RPG elements, even including a win condition where you can practically play it as a single player RPG to defeat the ancient evil while virtually ignoring your in-game neighbors. You can also equip your (legendary) heroes with armor, weapons, and trinkets, put points into large active & passive skill trees, and use them to enhance your cities, increase your resources, or just go out and kill big monsters. However I feel all this added complexity takes away from the strategy elements of the game and are poorly explained; there is only ONE 10 minute tutorial for the whole game, with everything else explained through tooltips, brief popups and an in-game encyclopedia. In fact, many of the new game ""tutorial"" popups just link to the in-game manual's page on that topic.If you can look past the low quality, repetitive music, terrible graphics with flat, undetailed textures and poor character models (why is everything so ugly when there are so many close-ups of your heroes?), clunky UI, and tinny SFX, you might have fun with this game. Fallen Enchantress is a very mundane 4X Civilization style strategy game that tries to be something bigger but is too underdeveloped to be worth playing."
76561197991456382,Not Recommended,228260,8350793,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ReLAXnDrew,"look, this game appears to be great and all, but this company doesnt appear to respond to its clients. I registered for this game and it is aking me to register with them before hand, after I payed, and thats cool, id do it but, the site wont respond. DONT BUY."
76561198052655496,Recommended,228260,14604386,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Stormwynd,The game gets better with each patch.  Perfect sandbox type of game. Keep up the good work.
,Not Recommended,228260,16881517,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Moh.,"what makes this game frustrating is its possibilities , this game could've been easily the game of the year if its developers would just put some more work into it , with all the lore and the work already done there why on earth would they leave all these bugs ? why didn't they invest a little more in the winning conditions or the scenarios ?not recommended .."
76561197967154947,Not Recommended,228260,9125308,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,randomino,"Boring, nonsensical, and pointless.  Cramped and random combat.  Offensively bad quest design.  No mid-range goals.  The game you're really looking for is Civ 4 with Fall From Heaven.Pretty graphics though, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,228260,8361785,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CorpusJuris,"Was looking for a turn based RPG, and instead found the fantast version of Civ 5. If you like 4x games, or like Civ 5, you may well like this game. These games aren't for me, so that is the reason I dind't enjoy this one.For the amount of complexity involved in the game, I might as well play/learn something else."
,Recommended,228260,8353482,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Comic,"Fun game, very addictive. A mix between Civilizations and a RPG."
76561198007191747,Not Recommended,228260,13813456,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,didier.sauve,"Didn't succeed in creating a stardock account (""unhandled error113. Please contactsupport@stardock.com).As a consequence, didn't succeed to launch the game. :("
76561197972351873,Recommended,228260,9129576,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DanTheTimid,"Let me start by saying I am NOT a 4x player (infact I didn't even know what that was when I got this game), so this is coming from some one relatively new to the genre.FE:LH is the perfect example of an intimidating game.  There's just so much going on, so much custimization, so many options, and so much thought process that seems to need to go into every single turn to be successful, to a new player the whole experience can be more then a little overwhelming.Now that's not inherently a bad thing, obviously its not the game for you if your looking mindless fun, but if you enjoy a good strategic experience, a game having this much meat to it can be a really good thing, and can allow for a tremendous amount of depth and replay value.What it DOES mean, however, is that its absolutely crucial that the game has a top notch tutorial to ease a new player into the complexities the game has to offer.  There are various ways this can be accomplished, though my favorites have always been games which provide multiple missions/quests which start with only a small portion of the game available, and incremently add on more and more until by the end the player has had time to at least begin to understand each aspect of the game and is not putting it all together.Unfortunately, that is not the case with FE:LH.  The single player campaigns, while enjoyable, are not very informative or what I'd consider good learning tools.  Although there is a dedicated tutorial, its not very long, it mainly just shows you ""how"" to do a handful of things, then its over, providing very little information as to the why, and generaly leaving the players head spinning from the massive information dump.  It's reminsicent of some fighting games whose tutorials invovle asking you to do a bunch of a characters special moves, you do them, and then the tutorial is over.  You come away knowing these are things you can do, but not really knowing when or why you should do them, and it was all over so fast you probably won't even remember half of the moves once your in a match.Despite the lack of new player friendliness, I'm still giving this game a recommend.  Why?  Because I'm finding that if you're willing to endure a pretty terrible introductory experience and learn the concepts of the game the hard way, the actual game itself is quite well made and actually pretty darn fun.  I honestly feel that if this game had a quality tutorial this would be one of the better PC games out there, maybe even a must own.  As it is though, it takes a very special kind of dedicated player (or some one already familar with the 4x genre) to spend the hours learning things the hard way it takes to actually get to the fun part where you know what your doing and your making meaningful choices instead of random ones, so keep this in mind before purchasing."
76561198017412658,Recommended,228260,15688891,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Aradan2,One of the best games
76561198029964266,Recommended,228260,15690215,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,WildMage28,This Game is amazing.
76561198000861044,Not Recommended,228260,9318051,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,agc114,"Played a few hours on this, but just kept asking my self. Why not just play Civ or even warlock masters of the arcane. There deeper and more fun."
76561198033447964,Not Recommended,228260,8431942,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,rifterneo,II can't recommend this game since it does not have mulitplayer capability. It would be a good game if it had that.
,Recommended,228260,7755336,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gvafkmylyf,"Its like getting all the cake, without wiping the icing."
76561198064433297,Recommended,228260,13810952,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mattk673,"I like this game very much, but it keeps crashing with in the first quest I take on.  If these crashes are not fixed I will not be purchasing the game."
76561198066585338,Not Recommended,228260,13812282,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,joesmithjr,game wont load !
76561197976419734,Not Recommended,228260,10134777,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Turtle Pete,Solid Ideas marred by poor execution.
,Not Recommended,228260,10428598,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Special Marshmallow Funnel,"No good. Confused, poor, dull.Go try Age of Wonders III instead."
,Not Recommended,228260,10859518,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LET'S MAKE FACE-GRAVY,"This game is a waste of your money. DO NOT BUY!The micromanagement is severe. You are not alerted when being attacked, and you will never be able to keep pace with even the simplist AI. The best you can do is zerg the computer which means you don't get to try all the cool skills related to the RPG aspect of the game.Do yourself a favor and just pass this one up."
76561198009138298,Recommended,228260,17753596,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sertonis,"I have to give this game a positive review. I have not had this much fun with a game in a long time and the 'bugs' that people keep talking about have never happened to me. The ONLY downside to this game, and it is where is really falls over, is that there is no multiplayer. I hope they bring our a sequel and they add a mulitplayer. Also I would like to see more of the story, the world itself and lore seem interesting I would like to read about it in more depth.8/10 (-2 for no multiplayer)"
76561197998212178,Recommended,228260,9344862,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Shadibadoo,"A bit ambivalent here.Fallen Enchantress is a really accessible, well made 4x/RPG hybrid.  I had a lot of fun with it, and I keep going back.PROs:  Great gameplay, intuitive and simple interface, very fun, fully customizable factions.CONS: No multiplayer, poor character models,"
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,228260,12236951,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,malcolmmackay224,"This is one of only 3 games of my over 300 Steam games that crashes frequently. It does run for a while, but within a few minutes it crashes and locks up my Win 7 PC. The lastest patches have made it a bit more stable, but it still crashes every few minutes.I did read over the 60+ page manual, and based on that and my limited experience playing FE, it does not look interesting. It reminds me of Galactic Civ, another Stardock game I didn't like. Stardock games seem to be very ""dry"", lots of features, but very little that is enjoyable. From reading other reviews here it seems this game isn't very well thought of, even by many people who have put quite a few hours into it.Stardock is now on my ""don't bother buying"" list."
76561198000765631,Recommended,228260,9235192,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Hashshashin,"Well then, what a shiny little supprise this was, at first I was kind of sceptical that it would just be another civ/age of type clone with good gameplay for a short time then off to gather dust. Most entertaining it is, civ like, yet with rpg toon developement aspects, good city progress and tons more inside here if you care to delve deeper, complete customization of characters/factions and troops, plenty of equipment to make/buy/find for toons and skills and talent tree's, plus troops can upgrade and equip new stuff as well. Very impressed, so impressed I bought all the dlc for which is a shocker for me as I get bored real quick without any decent content or story to keep me going, all in all a most excellent game."
76561198154777450,Recommended,228260,30045939,Posted: 19 February,all,gaming2012,This one surprised me by being a lot more fun that I thought it would be.  If you like Age of Wonders you'll likely enjoy this one as well.  Its a pretty well made game IMHO.
76561197961161267,Recommended,228260,11855848,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,PrimaFacia,"An excellent game, it feels like they've taken the best parts of the old Might and Magic & Civilization games to make something better than either of the two prior games."
76561198065572742,Recommended,228260,34385455,Posted: 20 August,all,Tanuith,Great Turn based strategy game with high customization options and relatively decent mod content available.Though they never gave it online or hotseat options unfortunatly. other then that I would have to say this is one of the best I have played in this genre.Read other reveiws for a more indepth explatation of the pros and cons of the game.
,Not Recommended,228260,24754970,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,persiaprince,"This game has a lot of potential and I tried to like it, I really did. But it is just so unpolished. There are just so many bugs."
,Not Recommended,228260,14297945,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Legerdemain,"There are plenty of more complete reviews on this game, but I want to highlight that while the core mechanics are competent, they were already present in the non-standalone-expansion version.  All of the content that should have been included in this title is instead pieced out into $5 chunks.  Added into what is essentially a $40 mod for another game, instead of supporting/patching that game.Yikes."
76561198059194958,Not Recommended,228260,21167644,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,peter.huebner,"Until recently I would've recommended this game. It's somewhat better than Fallen Enchantress, it was quite a lot better than  Sorcerer King. Great sandbox game, 4x game, tactical combat and rpg (nurse your troups, build your heroes).Unfortunately Stardock decided to fiddle with it and  they broke it. Half the  time you can no longer see territory, the tactical combat has not been improved as intended, but made annoying and  opened to exploits, and as I found out the hard way, city defense is very broken now - you station an army in a town and they don't get to defend it any longer.Until those issues are fixed, I can no longer recommend this game at all. Some folk seem to cheer change for the sakes of the NEW, but in this case I do not agree with them at all."
76561198070798979,Recommended,228260,24599160,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DefConHeavy,MP hot seat? Love this game
,Recommended,228260,25854074,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Anund,Great game! One of the best fantasy empire building games I have played. Highly recommended!
76561198010426318,Recommended,228260,25915393,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DoILookInsane,Excellent game to play.
76561198098613322,Not Recommended,228260,19406019,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Warchese,"When your white boots are black and your leather boots are white, when your cities don't actually gain the buffs from magic spells that the game says they do, and when the battle fields have no tactical difference between standing on a hill, in a forest, or in a flat plain, you know you have a game that was released early and never patched.(At least, no patches or user mods that I found fixed them.)On top of that, After loading a saved game it would randomly freeze some turns later.I would have had more fun playing the original genre-setter, Master of Magic, from back in the 90's."
76561198081967301,Recommended,228260,21372462,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TattooJunkie,"I really enjoyed this game. I played offline (and off network) quite often at work so I wouldn't be shadowed by our I.T. guys while I played one custom game after another, this game proved to satisfy my RTS craving and some. I've always enjoyed the idea of standard army units (not just heroes) leveling up and allowing for better equipment to be utlized for these lesser units - this game went beyond my expectations for standard ""filler"" unit customizations. I didn't have to be a specific race or religion or something just to throw an archer on a horse - which is a favorite tactic of mine. But you can go as far as making a short chick with a huge stick who has hide armor, yet plated boots. I don't know what else to say, customization gives me a hard on. Check it out.I had some issues with bugs and glitches throughout the countless offline hours but I don't have an elite gaming rig or anything, so who knows. Regardless, it loads fast, doesn't beat up my on board graphics card like some newer RPG/RTS games do and the replayability is definitely there - 9/10"
76561198056671849,Recommended,228260,10016379,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Poynting vector,"Nice 4X with a well worked out combat system. I haven't found any game breaking bugs, only my PC crashing, but I recon that's just my PC. A nice unit creator let's really custommise your army to how you want, downside to this is that here arn't very many pre made units and the amount of weapons the limited. Equiping your hero has the same problems, it's nice that you can custommise your hero, but really I came across the same items over and over again. I haven't used the magic system a lot, so I can't give a real recommendation on that front, but from my experience it works well whit the two kinds of spells. Couple downside, one being that there is no Multiplayer, also to me a couple of hours to get the hang of it and a couple of balancing problems. Overall a fun game which your really benefit from some multiplayer."
76561198034728606,Recommended,228260,13840616,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Shrelock,"This is all based on playing the free weekend.This game, Is like heroes of might and magic but with the city building side of civilisation. you are free to create your very own custom hero and build them however you want. For example you could have a warrior who grand slams everything into oblivion, or a mage who is a literal glass cannon. But theres more depth to the game, as you play you accumulate ""fame"" which at certain thresholds will give you the choice between two heroes, as you progress into the game, these heroes get more and more powerful to the point where you can get titled heroes such as the dragonborn.Tactical combat makes huge uses of tactics such as flanking and ""swarming"" where you surround units with your own and deal more damage and with a higher hit rate. Units are upgradable and certain units aka minor heroes don't have the same depth of customization as your main heroes but instead level up and gain traits like regular heroes.DRAGONS, DRAGONS, DRAGONS you can get dragons and they are huge and mean.Theres plenty of quest variety as well.Bottom line. If you enjoy games such as heroes of might and magic, civilization and Endless legend, then i highly recommend you give this game a try."
76561198171230555,Recommended,228260,13839340,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ДРАКОНЧИК ПЕТЯ,its concept like civilization but who else want to become dragon slayer should play this 10/10
76561198008574315,Recommended,228260,13840661,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sir Jon,"Tis fun, tis silly, tis awkward, tis ♥♥♥♥ing annoying, tis recommended."
76561198039435105,Recommended,228260,7842623,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,cyberHeph,"Really nice game. The world map feels more alive, especialy for a TBS, the battle system provides you with a lot of tactical options, and there are a lot of possibilities in how to upgrade you hero skills / town speciality /  research path.For the Steam Autumn sale this game is a really great option."
,Recommended,228260,16539894,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Druidlogic,"Love this game, one of the best strategy games I've played in a long time."
76561198011548313,Recommended,228260,13618104,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rileyb329,Even though the combat is a bit ifhy the game is like a mixture between sid miers civ 5 and disciples 2
,Recommended,228260,18175089,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mkerv,"While I don't have many hours in this game at the time of the review, this is an addictive Civ5-like ""just one more turn"" 4X game. Set in a medieval fantasy world, Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes pits you against AI-controlled factions, each of which contain a Sovereign, the titular ""Heroes"" of the game. While there are preset sovereigns for you to choose from, you can create your own custom sovereign and choose which of 10 factions it belongs to. You can customize your army, as well, ranging from simple colors to starting equipment and whether or not they are mounted units. Keep in mind that adding stronger arms and armor to your troops will increase how much resources it will cost to create. You can, however, find Champions roaming around the world, seeking the aid of a Hero. Whenever you find a Champion, you can add them to your Sovereign's party or form parties of different units of your choice. There are multiple quests to perform, ranging from finding gold and resources to pillaging a dark lair full of spiders and necromancers. Combat has 2 forms; turn-based isometric view and standard Civ5-style quick attacks. If you choose the turn-based option, you are brought to a tactical overview of the battlefield and all the units within the party will appear on screen. Spells, abilities, and items can be used in battle, as well as many other spells, abilities, and items that can be used outside of battle. There is so much to do in this game that its hard to put down in this review without describing the whole game in detail. For $10 on sale, its worth the price for the base game. If you get hooked, the DLC adds more quests, enemies, loot, etc. If you like 4X games and the fantasy setting, give it a try!"
76561198061394124,Recommended,228260,18193518,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,bmichalides25,"This is a pretty good game if you are playing it for the strategy elements that come with 4X games. If however, you are looking for fantasy elements or something like an RPG, you will be sorely disappointed, as they are pretty generic. This is definitely one game where anything like a story is just window dressing, with absolutely no substance. Since I'm largely a strategy gamer, I don't really care, and the strategy elements are all there and fairly well refined."
,Recommended,228260,18232723,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Cherish Eternity,This game is a ton of fun it reminds me of a game called lords of magic I played as a child but much better. Theres not anything I can complan about honestly.
76561197972518312,Recommended,228260,18255083,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sergius,"Really enjoyed this 4x game, highly recommended."
76561198080781507,Recommended,228260,17431521,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"Fun for a while, though it seems to lag down a bit after certain size in the game has been reached. Similar to Civilization in many ways, yet, also very different, there are quests, heroes to level up, equipment for them and such. Spells to cast are important, though I figure you can easily ignore them if they prove too complicated to use, which should not be."
,Recommended,228260,2501239,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Dorrien,civilization+age of wonders = win
76561198082116411,Recommended,228260,9174418,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Austin_Exe,"was suprised to find it was a pretty fun and addictive game , it needs a little debugging thou"
76561198057061319,Recommended,228260,9150212,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,L0ki,Alot better then i was expecting. Highly recommend it!!
76561198047319793,Recommended,228260,16749268,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,(316)Prometheus,"I like this game, but I'd only recommend purchasing this when it goes on sale. In my opinion, at the full $40 the game's content doesn't match the asking price."
76561198002217828,Recommended,228260,8859534,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jazzor,Very yes.
76561198010363497,Recommended,228260,27114607,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SeaDog,I had the best time playing this game and I think it was done really well buy it on sale.
76561197983605100,Recommended,228260,27584673,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dosomido,"I thought this game was cool before it won an award. Well, at least I thought it had potential. At release it was pretty awful, but Stardock went to great lengths to fix it. The game is now a fun 4x with an injection of RPG goodness. The tactical part of combat can get slow while you watch you little guys lurch or waddle through their turns, but it's otherwise a sweet escape. If it goes on sale, buy it and all the DLC, and then set aside a few days of your life so that you may work through your addiction. I felt done with the game after about 100 hours, though there was plenty of content I didn't get to yet."
76561198060433751,Recommended,228260,27881527,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,Classic! When I get bored and don't have much to do I'll rip this sucker out. Fun and imersive.
76561197966072656,Not Recommended,228260,10883665,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Trickster,"Just bought this game in the Steam sale. It is a little gripe, but I have to register before I play. Not happy. Surely this should be an option. If I had known, I would not of purchased this game!"
76561198066805209,Recommended,228260,15694765,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alec,"It is like the Civilization games, except you can run around with heros fighting mythical creatures and getting epic loot. 10/10 so much better than Age of wonders 3....."
,Not Recommended,228260,21173274,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Merix,"I Really, really wnt to rat this game positive, but after getting into the game for a short time, it seems that turn cycles glitch and i get stuck on a never ending turn which won troll over to the next, i have tried multiple installations on multiple machines, but alas, i always seem to run into the problem. and if your solution is ""well, turn down the game options"" then i say neigh to you... why have high options in this game if they are not to be used, this game seems to fail on the same front as another great game amde by stardock, Sins of a solar empire. which tends to suffer slowdown beyond playability if you have too many units in play, and by too many, i mean like, four players with large fleets when the max player cap is 12 i think?Again, game could be so amazing if the engine wouldnt break so easily under stress."
76561197970649200,Recommended,228260,442658,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,danpaladin,"If you like Civ 5, you might like this.  It's the fantasy version."
,Not Recommended,228260,9151881,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Eamon2plz,Would love to recommend this game as it's a solid city sim/RPG mash-up but the bugs keep you from progressing. Customer support is subpar. Too bad - I'd love to love it!
76561198012126009,Recommended,228260,19746355,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ShoeThatMissedBush,Best AI of any fantasy themed 4x out there.
76561197993502000,Not Recommended,228260,13911838,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,LS_Lovely,เป็นเกมที่โคตรหาสมดุลยากมากรูปแบบเกมเพลย์ CIV + Heros of magic + 4 x    ใส่ความลึกของเกมเพลย์มาเยอะมากแต่เหมือนจะเอามายำมัวกันหมด   เหมือนจะมีอะไรให้ทำเยอะแยะนะ  แต่มันเกินพอดี  หรือบ้างอย่างก็ขาดไปกราฟิก  โมโดล  งานศิลป์  อยู่ในระดับห่วยบรมถ้าให้คะแนน 6.5/10   ตอบได้เลยว่า   ไปเล่น Endless  Legend ดีกว่า  ข้ามๆเกมนีไปเถอะปล. ข้อร้องเถอะ  อย่างเอาเกมแนว CIV ไปยำกับ Heroes of magic เลย  มันไปกันไม่ได้
76561197992171864,Recommended,228260,7309362,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Docsis,"I just picked this up today... It is turning out to be a very good game... a mix of Civ5 and Might and Magic, with some RPG elements thrown in, including quests. It could use a few tweaks here and there, but very good for a game that just came out recently. I may have to pick up a few of the DLCs for it....."
,Recommended,228260,14939136,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,󠀡𝒮𝓉𝓇𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒,"A great addicting game if you're into civ's. Lots of customization from making your own troops, to designing your own kingdom and ruler. Even customization for how you build your kingdom through each ones five different levels. This is the game to get if you want a great immersive experience."
76561198049949381,Recommended,228260,9157597,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,lancelot2001ca,"What Heroes of Mights and Magic IV, V and VI should have been.This game is a great merging of Heroes of Might and Magic III and Masters of Magic, two of the greatest games ever made in turn-based strategy.FE-LH is an addictive highly replayable game, where you can not only create your hero, but also his race or culture before even beginning to play the actual game.I think that FE-LH and Crusader Kings 1 and 2 are among the best games that came out since the year 2000, in all game categories. It is fun, chalenging, you can adjust difficulty level of the game, highly customizable game sessions (excellent tweaks you can do before creating a new game), decent amount of items for your heroes, decent amount of troops and monsters you can recruit, and so on.I highly recommend getting this game. One of the rare games that are worth playing again and again, as well as paying 50$ or less to get.Thumbs up to the designers!"
76561198243896688,Recommended,228260,25815259,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kaelandros,"Steam's stupid system does not allow just to ""vote"", you have to comment as well. This is the comment.."
76561198006773050,Recommended,228260,13233318,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TargetStalker,Great game. Strategy map with RPG elements. Love it.
76561198026124351,Recommended,228260,14445441,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,tokenwhite85,"So far a solid game. I get the occaisional crash to desktop error, but I restart the game no problem and keep rolling form the last autosave.The higher difficulties really are pretty hard core, while the lower ones well... aren't. There's something here for all ability levels. I'd say it's worth the money if you catch it on sale. Stardock puts out excellent products, this is no exception."
76561198006360679,Recommended,228260,10957348,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Taishi,"Fun game for those who like games such as Age of Wonders series and Civi series.  The game is mostly like Age of Wonders especially considering that you have a hero/champion to lead each army you create, however, it is also like Civilzation with the aspects of occupying parts of the map as your cities grow.  Another aspect I like is the world monsters such as dragons, I think that is pretty awesome compared to fighting with simple bandits.  It also uses a similar combat system to that of Age of Wonders 3 which requires you to fight in a tactical grid like movement and turns, think Heroes of Might & Magic in this aspect.All in all its a fun game and if you like the ones I mentioned you should certainly pick this one up too, if you haven't played them I recommend those also."
76561198009223241,Recommended,228260,8176333,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Groovdog,"Addictive turn-based strategy game, deep but not so deep that you dwell in the details like EU4 etc."
,Recommended,228260,33833116,Posted: 27 July,all,MizzouRah,This is such a fantastic fantasy TBS. The DLC's add additional content and the base game itself is such an underrated game. There are many choices you have to make as well as building up your cities and venturing out fighting many different monsters and other races. I highly recommend this game and hope that Stardock will get back into this series either by more DLC or a sequel.
76561198004310903,Recommended,228260,34867660,Posted: 10 September,all,Medway,"So far so good. Seems pretty deep with lots of customization. Nice balance of RPG, city building, and tactical combat."
76561198035144459,Recommended,228260,35113892,Posted: 21 September,all,SneakyTactician,This game was in the first wave of turn based fantasy games when I bought and played it. And I still think it is my favorite.
76561198086112949,Recommended,228260,35088359,Posted: 20 September,all,BioShrog,"So I bought this game quite a while ago and only just got around to trying it out the other day. In my opinion this game is amazing. Short story: My kindom was not militerized at all, I had one group of soldies that had my hero leading them, well eventually one of my enemies desided to attack my group while they were wandering about, the enemy group had like six sets of troops in this squad to form a small army. They had like four times the stats my group had. (Now mind you in this game you can tell your troops to resolve the battle on their own, or you can take control) I took control and managed to win the fight through better strategy. It was at that moment I realized I love this game. I intend to get all of the DLC for it as well as soon as I can. So I might update this review later with details on the DLC. But if you like this style of game, you will be able to pick Fallen Enchantress up and play it in but a few minutes. To any new comers to this style of game, please give it a few tries, these games can be a little confusing, but once you figure it out this game is a blast. So again I recommend this game."
76561198055545394,Recommended,228260,35179829,Posted: 24 September,all,Boško,"♥♥♥♥ing finnaly a sequel to MoM.  If you love HommIII and/or civ series, and you never heard of master of magic, well then buckle the ♥♥♥♥ up and play this game.Pros:A bit more closer to Homm then mom wasAI actually wants to friend you if same fraction♥♥♥♥ton of difficulty levels + tutorialWONDERS \o/CommunityReplaybilityTech treeCons:Prob DLC cost is a bit high if not on saleCould be even better"
,Recommended,228260,34204855,Posted: 12 August,all,trex8807,Game is a lot like Civilization except you actually play out the battles in a turn based tactical combat. I love this game so far. It is a lot more in depth that i imagined. Pretty much everything is customizable which adds to the enjoyment as well.
76561197993589983,Recommended,228260,8630769,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Madash,hidden depth
,Recommended,228260,26311624,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,naty0819,A very good game to train your emotional intelligence as the dodge rate of enemies are incredibly high.
76561198072016100,Recommended,228260,26140984,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ambely Bombley,"Only bad thing i see is: No multiplayer.This game has a reasonably high learning curve too (which isnt a bad thing at all)I'll comment/edit IF i get around to playing more, for now there is much better/rewarding games to play."
76561197983940260,Not Recommended,228260,9202879,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Slutbanger,extra stardock account is needed! wtf!?!
76561198010023983,Recommended,228260,35359638,Posted: 30 September,all,Statistic,"As far as games go, well worth the money.  That sorceres game they say ""it next in line"" is crap.  They should have worked more on this game."
,Not Recommended,228260,13815274,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cheez Ravioli,"This game is a Might and Magic clone. The gameplay is ""ok"" and the rpg aspect is fun, but the graphics are so bad that it gave me post traumatic stress disorder. I still see those ugly faces in my nightmares."
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,228260,23219351,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"I wrote a review for this , that I then deleted because I thought perhaps I was being too harsh.Nope I was right the first time.True, this game does have some highlights, and it has some endearing qualities, no doubt about it, so it's not all bad.I think the problem is that Stardock simply do not know how to program proper AI into their games. The ai is simply given stacked number bonuses of varying sorts, so that it becomes about beating numbers, rather than any kind of creative/clever/mindful strategy.As such I cannot recommend this game."
76561198068364381,Not Recommended,228260,12073315,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,mschuetz,Requires you to create and login to a stardock account to start playing. I don't like that.
76561197978723545,Not Recommended,228260,10735365,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gove,"Keep trying to play it, but it's just not doing it for me, sad it looked fun..."
76561198148545497,Recommended,228260,17021210,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,icefill,Good game concept.Very addictiveBad UI design.Ugly unit design.Horrible optimization.
76561198024310320,Not Recommended,228260,24686223,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,f00b4rb4z,"This game has additional DRM which makes it unplayable without registering at some other site.Not for me, sorry. No thanks.Frankly, what in blazes are they thinking?"
76561197964470093,Not Recommended,228260,32134877,Posted: 2 June,all,PerfectForeigner,faction creation tooltip doesn't work. they didn't fix this bug for 1 years.
76561198265113283,Recommended,228260,35156473,Posted: 23 September,all,dzhan.arifov,Hello and thanks for the great game! Few days ago the game has been updated. Since then i notice number of ingame problems. Spels like Tame and First Aid dosnt apear in the spell book. Thank you in advance!
,Not Recommended,228260,10842556,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,110percentcanadian,"I was really excited to play this, thinking it would be on the same quality level as civ, but fantasy based. instead the graphics are poor, the tutorial is horrendus (slow and sounds like it was voiced through a webcam), and it does weird things without telling you (like advancing to the next turn automatically).  The premise of building a fantasy civ with monsters to fight with more tactical combat seems cool, but was very poorly excecuted"
76561197993430798,Not Recommended,228260,9951489,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Zaphear,"Re branded cleaned up version of the first game, nothing really new and at the cost is a ripoff imo. Own both of them with their DLC and will never give the company another dollar."
76561197984481085,Not Recommended,228260,13889960,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Wink,Couldn't register at StarDock.  Make sure you can register before you buy--otherwise you're out of luck.
76561198055288469,Not Recommended,228260,23338453,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mouser010,"BUGS BUGS and MORE BUGSJust as you think everything is going smooth, BOOM, game crashes.First your going to say its my computer, my problem, my issues. to that i say your a complete idiot if you think this is my problem.I wont even begin to tell you how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the devs are when they made this game.Beginner version which i reccommend you start playing with is completly ignorant, you stand 0 chance of loosing. Turn difficulty up a notch and forget about winning.I cant stand games that put a time limit on when you have to stop playing. not a game, a chore!♥♥♥♥♥♥poor graphics, which they stole the engine from other games. when will people actually make their own game without stealing others engines? oh wait, we're full of greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ inbred rejects whose only goal is to rip people off.Seriously dont waste your money on this wana-be game. it takes forever to get anywhere and once you do your already dead.i started one game, and the game declares war on everyone with everyone ever so often which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in itself. but once i did i demanded their surrender and half of them instantly nuked their cities and became my followers. that was not realistic in any form and to top it off i noticed all the leaders i suckered into joining me were 20 levels higher then my highest guy!!!!!!!!!!! CHEATING AI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198048347128,Recommended,228260,13157263,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,None of my heroes were legendary.
76561197971442590,Recommended,228260,12523757,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Augman,Love the game but miss having heirs.
,Not Recommended,228260,8628910,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,PhamTrinli,"Music 3/5Combat 3/5Graphics/Visuals 3/5Overall Gameplay 3/5Animations 3/5Sound Effects 3/5Controls 3/5Stability 3/5Story 2/5Multiplayer (not rated; didn't experience)UI 2/5Comments: I just don't feel like the story is compelling me to do anything in this game. It feels flat and boring. The UI is also overly complex and obtrusive. The overall feel of the game is just ""meh""."
,Not Recommended,228260,33586597,Posted: 16 July,all,SyKo Champion,"I own like 5 games which are exactly like this, this game is meh? It's got some cool ideas but if you look at this and are interested I would probably just reccomend Might and Magic."
76561198022100601,Not Recommended,228260,20664288,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,KwiKwi,"I played this game when it first came out. It was buggy but it had a lot of potential. I decided to put it aside for a bit to give them time to fix some of the issues and add content. If you are a fanboy or part of the dev team you will likely disagree with me, but these are my opinions.The Good:-- A lot more content-- You can customize your hero-- Create and design your own troopsThe Bad:-- Gold is not hard to come by but shop prices would bankrupt Saudi Arabia-- When your heroes drop in combat but you win the battle, they are injured. Shops are incredibly hard to come by, the potions, found in shops, to heal your heroes are soo expensive it's better to kill all but 1 of your heroes and use disposable troops. Currently I have 5 heroes, 3 of them have at least 8 injuries, can't be healed.-- Sometimes when you attack a known force they are orders of magnitude more difficult than expected, for no reason, so sometimes when it should be an easy battle you will get wiped and you are not sure why.-- Sometimes when you pick up a quest it will have hidden defenders, and you are wiped. See above.-- Movement is tedious, slow, seems to be done deliberately just to slow down the game.-- The game play is very slow, over 700 turns to study a new magic skill, really ?!?!?The Ugly:-- Bugs. not just in gameplay but also in concept.It's frustrating because the game is there, they just ruined it with poor decisions."
76561198030825125,Recommended,228260,22603732,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ChiefsFan,I loved this game
76561198022227369,Recommended,228260,13833496,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,EvilAxis,A all around solid game tons of things to do in the style of masters of magic. Graphics are good amd do not bother me.  I am more concerned with replayability and content. The game is not disapointing me yet
,Recommended,228260,7426581,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Bohican,"Great game, if you like turn-based strategy like Civ, and tactical-combat RPG games like Might and Magic: Heroes or Final Fantasy Tactics, etc, you would probably love this game. It blends both genres very well, and has very deep customization of Heroes and Units with item and trait systems."
76561198085018382,Recommended,228260,14121168,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,cosper_daniel,"I have always enjoyed this game title, however, it has never liked my computer ha !, but all in all, this is one of the better game of its type out there, love the fact i can raise dragons, always enjoy the combat, and love the replay-ability of the game."
76561198020910148,Recommended,228260,9147283,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,SmugDoug,"This is one of the best strategy games I've ever played, if not thee best."
76561197985368940,Recommended,228260,16710692,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,They Call Me Josh,"Great game, like the mixture of city building and the RPG turn based combat in a fantasy based world.  If you like Civ type city maintance, RPG turn based combat, and killing big dragons and such, this game will fill all of those needs quite well.  I've got well above my monies worth out of it."
,Recommended,228260,5454289,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,TonkRogerio,"Good single player RPG/4X game. Lots to like, few problems though but still awesome."
76561198007742660,Recommended,228260,35115886,Posted: 21 September,all,rja-3333,Great Game
76561198043853943,Recommended,228260,32395903,Posted: 13 June,all,[TaW] NoobBotZero,"There is a lot of things going for Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heros. For one thing, the amount of customization and tactics needed would make any Civilization player entertained for weeks on end. The combat is engaging, building cities and claiming resources is fun, and the world's are big, and dangerous, and in need of exploring.Now with the negatives: it's buggy as all hell. Once you play for a long enough stretch of time, the game gets... Weird. A.I. acts out in random ways, I beat one of the four bosses in the game cause he just stopped attacking ( I've got screenshots to prove it too)The combat is a tad repetitive. Every hero and race is supposed to be different, but it all kinda boils down. To the same meat and bones in the late game. Heros which the game is based around don't feel different enough from each other. They also level up really slow so making drastic changes takes a lot of time.And the biggest concern was the lack of multiplayer. For a game this involved, why the hell can't you play with friends? The alternative victory goals would be so much more interesting if you didn't know who was going for them. Will this be fixed someday? Hopefully by the time you read this it already is."
,Recommended,228260,33369786,Posted: 8 July,all,Spectre7m,"This is a great 4x that I love the chickens out of. Although, it is poorly optimized and as buggy as a trailer next to a river in the middle of summer. Still better than the streamlined Sorceror's King."
76561198004361967,Recommended,228260,35175934,Posted: 24 September,all,Abso,"It's good. Just good. If you like Civ-like games, with a bit of tactical combat, gogogo !"
76561198081141971,Not Recommended,228260,28515020,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Reckless Idiots,The game is really buggy. The game concept lacks proper description so sometimes you don't know if it is a bug or if you are missing something.For example. The sword that suppose to grant hp on kill (sword of wrath) doesn't work.you research the summon familiar spell and then your hero cannot use it.
76561198011776229,Not Recommended,228260,19242239,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,HLessJon,"Recent changes to this game have ruined it.  Special abilities now require stamina to be stored up to use.  If I wanted to wait 7 rounds to do my special ability I would never have chosen it.  Anyway, the game is a lot harder and super annoying now to me so I would not suggest it to others."
,Recommended,228260,21343484,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sakkano,"Edit 2/22:Having won my first game, I can definately say that the tactical battle system is very good. It's imporved upon, but I'm still somewhat iffy about the use of ranged fighters. Not only can a ranged fighter fling thier projectile clear across the battlefield, but obstructions mean nothing. A company of archer types can launch their volly though what should be completely solid objects. So there is no hiding from these units in the sense of using the environment.I'm on the fence about how fame is used as a gate mechanic for heroes, especially since it's very possible to blow though those gates and get high leveled heroes while your sovereign is either struggling in a remote location, or sitting in a city, busy in the administer role. While the old mechanic did make acquiring heroes a little easier and a lot more frequent, the heroes that you would run into weren't uber-powered without good reason.Something I find bothersome is the water, and that's somewhat a two-fold issue. The first part is that water, aside from rivers and swamps, are untraversable. There is no naval mechanic in the game as it stands. This leads to the second issue; the map. While the game has a basic grid, a hex system leads to more naturally shapped coastline. This means your land looks less boxy when looking at maps. But the major problem with the map is that no matter what, the map is all one continet or a group of subcontinets. Islands don't exist. This means that you will inevitablly come into contact with every rival faction if you haven't been killed already. It's not a case of *IF* as much as *WHEN*.I do like the political parts of the game. The AI isn't as stingy and stupid as it has been in other similar games. If the AI considers you a threat and it has no real way to stand up to you, that dominion will more than likely make contact with you and offer tribute. But sometimes the AI likes to brag about it's research in the most inappropriate ways. Having about 3/4ths of my tech trees completed, one dominion bragged about how it was reclaiming the ancient teachings of archery. I felt like this would be like North Korea bragging to Japan how awesome it is that they have computers that can now use 3.5in floppy disks. I sighed and ignored them, hellbent on fulfilling the requirements for the Spell of Making.--Edit 2/21:After about three hours of fiddling around with files and discovering that the prefs.ini file was not being acquired though the Steam client, I got to play the game as it was intended. As such, this is my honest review.TBS and 4x are a nice combination and I rather enjoy it. However, I think others might have some problems, I know I still kind of do. The AI is crazy difficult, so if you want a truly easy game to understand how to play, you need to set the difficulty to NOVICE, especially if this is your first time playing.I enjoy building armies of custom units, upgrading them accordingly, and rteaching heroes abilities to make them better in my conquests, but the game might get a little slowed with the citybuilding aspect. It can take a while to get a city going, and you really need to know the order in which you shoudl construct buildings before you really get into the nitty-gritty of the game.Combat is both fun and challenging at the same time. The challenge comes from the initiative feature, so it's important to pay close attention to your initiative bar before really doing anything foolish. So you really need to put consideration into timing, building and upgrading units and understanding the mechanics of battle.The storyline is pretty non-existant. The Cataclysm happened and the races are all scrambling about trying to get re-established as dominions. There are two side, Kingdom and Empire and to say either is a good guy or bad guy remains to be seen. It can be rather relative in this game. However being aligned with either of these two ""superfactions"" makes negotiations with the opposing ""superfactions"" a little more difficult because of an inherent mistrust. And just because you;re aligned with one dosen;t mean the other factions will be nice and leave you alone. No, if you're weak, they will smell the blood in the water and crush you just as well as the other side would.So with this said, after the hours long struggle to actually get this game to work, it's really not a bad game. It might be slow for some, but it has a ncie balance of elements that makes it fairly challenging and fun.--OriginalWow, just, wow. This is perhaps the most bugged-out game I have EVER tried. While I like the whole building a town and stuff, the game is bugged. The first problem is that you can't set the options. Second problem is that you can't save. I've been told that I need to access the Prefs.ini files, but those aren't apparent for me to change. There are people who have posted how to fix these difficulties my manipulating that .ini file, but perhaps it's Windows 10 and some compatability issues in which the game does not generate the prefs.ini file? If the game is this difficult in just the technical aspects, there's no way I can even suggest gameplay. If it's like it's orgin game, Elemental: War of Magic, you're totally SOL as that game had ALWAYS spawned all the factions next to each other.But do you realize the frustration of playing a game for 4ish hours, saving to get some sleep, and comming back to find that there is no save data?Another problem, if the game was bundled in the Ultimate Edition, a similar issue happens with fallen Enchantress; the options menu is locked the same way. But to make it worse, you can't zoom in any closer than the cloth map, or else the map is rendered as a grey field."
76561198034503848,Recommended,228260,9014529,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,methoshellfire,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,228260,23491496,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,reikken,requires logging into another account
76561198031091470,Not Recommended,228260,26024490,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,wick100,"fricken game keeps crashing, i did not spend money to keep restarting a game that only plays for about 10 turns. pls sort this out"
,Not Recommended,228260,8184613,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CleverCrumbish,"At first impression Fallen Enchantress is, for all intents and purposes, a fantasy-flavored Sid Meier's Civilization V clone. If you enjoyed Sid Meier's Civilization V and you enjoy fantasy elements in games you may well enjoy Fallen Enchantress. If you did not enjoy Sid Meier's Civilization V, or have not played Sid Meier's Civilization V because it didn't look like your kind of thing, or do not enjoy fantasy elements in games, you will probably not enjoy Fallen Enchantress. Personally, I did not enjoy Sid Meier's Civilization V and as such I proceeded not to enjoy Fallen Enchantress for much the same reasons."
76561198034187254,Not Recommended,228260,8382437,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jturnes,"It seems like it might be an fun and interesting game, but it keeps crashing on me every 5-20 turns."
76561198039096915,Not Recommended,228260,8546944,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,LH_KKKing,very poor implementation of a great conecpt as well. It looks like the dev. did not learn much from their preview product.
,Recommended,228260,13645336,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr. Bulldops,if this game had multiplayer it'd be the best game of 2013
76561198038121242,Recommended,228260,24659655,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,phyk_xun,"Math does not add up.  Opponent cities generate fighters and still build.  Shuts down when you begin to win.  Not a challenge.  Just more bs.  You mfs need to learn how to actually make a game rather than make a bs challenge that isn't even a fair fight.  Giving the game an advantage because it is the game is not programming.  It's ♥♥♥♥♥.  All I have to say.  Otherwise, great concept, great dice. BS on the opposition development unless you're 2 years old and have no concept of actual gaming.  You wanted a real gamers word on your♥♥♥♥♥♥  You got it.  Be happy it wasn't as bad as Shadowrun's.  I wouldn't spend another dollar on that franchise if they payed me to play for them.  This one, though, in comparison to most others of the genre... not too bad.  I still play it, despite the bs.   At least I will til i get sick of having to reload because some proposterous bs of heavy duty fighters in a place I just friggin obliterated gets on my nerves.  You mfs really dont play the bs you produce, do you?  I'm giving a thumb's up because I am hoping you are working of the bs.  If somebody is dead, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, they;re dead.  Next land.  Not, oh, well this group should have another,... ♥♥♥♥ you.  When I kill you mf you don't get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of extra resources.  I wish this game the best.  Though going by the norm, it won't change and the next installment I'll be telling about the exact same bs.  Don't believe me?  Check out any other♥♥♥♥♥♥I've written concerning gameplay and the bs developers do to make the game a challenge because they simply don't spend the time of the ♥♥♥♥ing math.  Build real games or accept the fact that you're just hosing people for the best thing you could put out quickly."
76561198007197608,Not Recommended,228260,22075343,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"Boring, tedious and difficult with no real explanation of how you’re supposed to play. Give this one a miss."
,Recommended,228260,26029774,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,exl2003,Нормальная!  Правда не сразу все можно понять!
76561198010641857,Recommended,228260,8705382,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,"This is not a great game, far from it. It has several problems like dumb AI, diplomacy problems, path finding problems, balance problems, battle design problems, UI problems, graphic problems, and some more.Its a mashup game between Civilization and HoMM. It has Settlements, technologies trees, bonus terrains, diplomacy, etc just like Civilization. And it has heroes that can level up, buy equipments, cast spells and group up in a small army just like HoMM. But, because of the problems, its very below those 2 games.Still, its a very addictive game. It has so much potential that let you thinking why the hell Stardock decided to no deliver a more polished game. It could be a 9/10 game if it had done so. But, right now, its more of a 6.5/10 or 7/10 game. Still, Im having so much fun with this game that all the problems, although annoying at times, can easily be bypassed. Im currently with 20hours or so of /played and I think I will double it before unninstalling. And Im only unninstalling it because I have another 60 games or so to play before the 2014 Summer Sale.If you can look past the annoying problems, its a really fun game. But only if you can grab it in a sale. Its not worth the full price, since its not fully done."
76561198015440616,Recommended,228260,18181936,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dr_Sausage,Booty shank. . . Dambalank!
,Recommended,228260,7414659,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,dokartist,Fallen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (Fargus)
76561197993065396,Recommended,228260,32238905,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,"To me, this is the spiritual successor of Master of Magic. If you like that kind of game, then I recommend this one."
,Recommended,228260,12954802,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,It was pretty fun.  I'm not going to say I DIDN'T like it.  I think there are better 4x games out there.  Pretty solid though.
,Recommended,228260,23040894,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Karen,Awesome game
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,228260,18176860,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,dadasx,boring
,Recommended,228260,20515334,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Grognard_87,"Having played this it's pretty dissappointing. It just appears to be a lightly modified and improved version of the last Fallen Enchantress game, unlike the really awesome Endless Legend which has a lot more variety and feel to it. I find that even with the enemy AI being set to easy that they are still a great pain in the♥♥♥♥♥The major improvement they have done with this game is made it so that heroes level up in more complex and interesting ways which works well when you make your own kind of hero, however it doesn't excuse being a seporate game from the origonal, in my opinion.It'd be worth it on a sale as the game itself is rarther fun and great for anyone looking for a fun 4X game, but I'd stick with Endless Legend instead, which has it's own interesting story unfold too."
76561198009554741,Not Recommended,228260,23119414,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kjdean2,"A good gamed the has technical flaws every time it is played.  The game seems to lose track of what is happening once you get deep into it such that you cannot produce things in major cities.  Obviously, this is a problem."
76561197994641567,Not Recommended,228260,7750130,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zen Tractor,"Really disappointing.  I would not recommend this game.The gameplay is dull and uninspired, the unit creation is overcomplicated, unit variety is mostly indistinguishable.There are also a host of thematic issues that made playing the game a chore, such as the fog of war being far too dark, and undiscovered regions being black.  In Civilization 5 they use a sort of grey cloudcover to hide unexplored regions, which means that most of the pixels on your screen are bright, but the flat black of Fallen Enchantress casts the entire game in a gloomy light, leaving the whole experience feeling hollow.I wanted to like the game, but when I got the last card I realised how that was the only reason I was continuing to play it.  Just don't bother, there are better games available."
76561198037769502,Not Recommended,228260,12066356,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,@merica,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198055839255,Recommended,228260,9131649,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,crimsonfresh,pretty good
,Not Recommended,228260,8659934,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MyopicMuppet,This is one of those games that I bought and then wished I hadn't. I think it has some sort of cult following but I just thought it was crap. Might be a kids game but its difficult to tell sometimes
,Not Recommended,228260,10050913,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[BBB] Justice,░░░░░░░▐█▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀█▌░░░░░░░█▐▓░█▄░░░░░░░▄█▀▄▓▐█░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌
,Recommended,228260,32771417,Posted: 25 June,all,Zzz,nice game
76561198143578750,Recommended,228260,25221210,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Deadman,its not bad i like it
,Not Recommended,228260,24974462,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Stupkid,This game is buggy as hell; extremely unpolished and unbalanced 4x experience. Definately look elsewhere if you're looking to scratch that 4x fantasy itch.
,Not Recommended,228260,23306363,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fleshbits,"There is eseentially no AI at all. There might as well not even be other factions in the game. They do nothing. You can literally stand next to one of thier cities filled with units,  with one unit of ours, and they won't even come out to kill you.They might send a pioneer (non combat unit) to take over your undefended outposts, but that's it. This has got to be the weakest AI I've ever seen in any strategy game to date.It's too bad. The game feels like a pretty good framework for a 4x stratgy game. Really all it is, is you progressing through the tech tree and fighting the romaing monsters for kicks.The combat would be better if it was more tactical. It's grid based, Most units only move 2 squares in tactical combat which annoys you when you are fighting an enemy with archers who will all concentrate fire on your chanpion. You have to load him up with dodge equipment to kill the dumb AI that just sits there shooting you with arrows. They have mounted units that move more squares, but each faction only gets one flavor. You are _forced_ to use those against archers. Makes eveyr fight the same. Send mounted units to archers, and mop up with everything else. The AI always coincentrates fire on your champion, even if a unit on the board is a bigger threat.The unit progression makes one unit completely worthless against another. You pretty much find out what the most OP unit for a given faction is and just crank those out. Not much variety in combat that way. As you tech up, there really is no point in using anything but the best unit available.Some of the roaming monsters are rediculous. They move 5-6x before you even get an action, castin spells that instantly kill everyone. It makes it more of a puzzles to figure out where and how to get units resistant to whatever they cast, rather than a combt.Everything moves 2 squares at a time on the campaign map, making it a real pain the♥♥♥♥♥♥to hunt down all the worthless AI's pioneer spam. You can cast a force march to move 3 squares, but it can only be active on one unit at a time.In summary:The AI sucks hard and there were a few questionable desing decisions. It can be entertaining for a day or two, but it is no masterpiece."
,Recommended,228260,25188357,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Limey21,Pretty good.
76561198314434842,Not Recommended,228260,34131536,Posted: 9 August,all,Astrodesiac,"Might and magic with more options. However the AI for auto finish is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I had a deadly vs medium strength army. My deadly army lost all units and they lost zero. I've done this several times over. You literally have to fight every single battle to win or the AI for your troops will only move one square, unlike enemy AI which will move all across screen. Its a joke of a game do not waste time or money on it. AI has every advantage over you even in easy settings. Its just a knock off the Might and Magic games. ABYSMAL!"
76561198080833647,Recommended,228260,30051431,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,"A game I started, figured out the concept and core mechanics, put down for other games, and haven't felt the desire to pick back up.  I'm honestly not sure I will any time soon."
76561198004537237,Not Recommended,228260,12560472,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Astrozombie630,"I really wanted to like this game...but it sucks..I thought it would play like HOMM, but it doesn't..muddled controls, ridiculously difficult most of the time..even on easy, and boring....avoid."
76561198085422810,Not Recommended,228260,13005571,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hatebringer,"Good when you start to play but after some time its repetitive, boring story and cheap graphics.I deleted after 18 hours gameplay.My point for game is 5.5/10 and not recommended."
76561198034357565,Not Recommended,228260,28657808,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mcgarrygerard,Painful to get working consistenyly in Win 10. Not worth it
,Recommended,228260,12455889,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hallskar,Fun real time strategy
76561198076790014,Not Recommended,228260,35255341,Posted: 27 September,all,dpowell.dwp,"Well, I have 265 hours in this game but I have not really touched it in a few years.  I suppose I am a bit late in reviewing it but....well here it is and I consider myself pretty much an expert at turn based strategy games.  I have thousands of hours in the various Civ games but even those eventually are not too exciting.  I like space games including Galactic Civ 2&3 which are good for a while.  Stellaris is better IMO.  My favorite strategy game is probably Endless Legend - now that's a gem - Beautiful, works perfectly and is fun, Endless Space is fine also.Ok, now on to our subject Fallen Enchantress.  I could make this review long or short.  But really it's main competitor is Endless Legend which is a masterpiece compared to this game.  This game is just not well thought out, it is relatively pretty but it pales in comparison to Endless Legend.  I would classify it as a close but no no no - it is slow, it is somewhat buggy and I know exactly what the developers were going for since I have played (pretty much everything) - but not only didn't they reach it they were not even close.  Some original ideas here and there, some charm.....But save your money."
,Not Recommended,228260,13792936,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,EXtraDonut,Kill lots of elves but also dwarves and also orcs and also yourself.
76561198051512808,Not Recommended,228260,26304711,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,pfcarroll13,"This is the worst game in all of exsistance. It starts with potential alot of interesting things. but 20 minutes in and it feels that the best thing to do is spawn monsters that you could not destroy if you were at the hight of your power. And that was on as easy as it can get. So alot of potental, but in the end useless as it is unbeatable. Least for the casual player. I would like my money and more important I would like the 6 hours of my life I spent trying to play this back."
,Not Recommended,228260,12757307,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,erifod,"Tedious, unremarkable (especially graphically), has balance issues."
76561198031696487,Not Recommended,228260,23757654,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,eric.truxell,"Installed game, asks for startdock password to register game (neccesary to play), request password reset, no email, request refund, uninstall game.  0/10 waste of time."
76561198160575804,Not Recommended,228260,22440663,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Macross,played for 5 minutes. and will probably never touch it again.
,Not Recommended,228260,9905135,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,nomadredd,"Boring game.  I dont particularly like Civilization type games but I played Civ5 for 20hrs+  but this game is really boring compared to Civ5, even though I like RPG stuff that Civ5 dont really have... so gameplay is really boring to even spoil that one.  I like turn based games in particular I dont really know why this game is so lousy.Maybe it is the design elements.  The castle building screen is so lousy.  The immersion is lousy.  I guess everything in this game is lousy.  The battles are lousy.  The graphics in the battle is so lousy that I cant understand an old game like Kings Bounty have a better battle screen than this.  And I wanted to really like this game too.I suggest a better game - Eador - Masters of the Broken World.   Many complain because of bugs but its more of the first players that played that game.  But that game rocks and many people who actually complained are playing it for 200-400 hrs+.  Some even for 1000+ hrs.  So that game is worth every cent.  I cant review it here because I got it from GOG, so I just review it here in Fallen Enchantress coz I paid for this game hoping I may find another gem like Eador.. but it failed miserably."
76561198051546064,Not Recommended,228260,35234444,Posted: 26 September,all,Yamantaka,somehow disappointing
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,228260,29636207,Posted: 1 February,all,Dustin,One of the most confusing games I've ever played.I have NO idea what the f*ck is going on and why.It feels like Heroes of Might and Magic I guess? I don't know.3/10
,Recommended,228260,10558732,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Crispix,Nice graphics and gameplay felt like an updated interpretation of the first set of HofM&M. Definitely felt much better compared to the first Warlock. Wasn't a fan of the extra step for Stardock.
76561198034514547,Recommended,228260,10639685,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fatal_Xception,"This turn-based 4x game is set in a fantasy world.  The player represents a faction leader who grants special abilities to the race he controls.  The leaders have backstories and special attributes which make picking a leader about more than just selecting a color for your tokens.  The real focus of gameplay are the heroes which level up and gain power over the course of the game.  The game is a bit buggy, but I still love it and I've put in over 400 hours so far.  Probably the best comparison would be Master of Magic or Age of Wonders."
76561198067986413,Recommended,228260,10627262,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"The Chaser, John Doe","Legendary Heroes is a TBS based upon the founding of cities and competition against a multitude of AI rivals which is simple to learn and fun to play. Although luck can play a major role in factors such as the units you can produce and the methods of victory you can pursue, the game will prove easy enough to win on lower difficulty settings even when errors are made and on harder settings the game can prove to be quite the challange for those with more skill. Although this is likely not the best game of this genre its simple nature and fun skirmishes make this game worth buying if you have the money to spare."
76561198084948364,Recommended,228260,10730027,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lunarcreature,"All in all a solid game, the core mechanics are well built and the gameplay is smooth. My only issue is that champions in the late game are rather underpowered compaired to a well built and employed unit."
76561198090420432,Recommended,228260,10758680,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ericius11,"This is an awesome game within the turn-based empire building genre.  It provides you with an excellent array of technology that allows you custom-tailor your play style to fit several methods of play.My biggest complaint with the game is that diplomacy is pretty much useless.  Early on, you can get any nation to be your friend.  However, as time progresses, modifiers get added to most diplomatic relations causing them to desire war and not peace.  It's a little disappointing to be honest.That aside, however, the game is absolutely great.  The custom unit creator is probably my best feature in which you can design your own military troops to fit whatever needs you have.  If you're on the fence about this game, I'd say get it."
,Recommended,228260,7913776,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mark,"Almost 300h played, what can I say other than buy it NOW  (or wait for a sale like)"
,Recommended,228260,7898653,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[46th IR] Jmam,"Really fun turn-based strategy game. It's sort of like Civ V, but with much better combat and tech, with less of a focus on city building. Upgrades work differently as well, with your city building them instead of a worker unit.All-in-all a very fun game! Not quite worth $40, so pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,228260,7853676,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mipper,If you loved Master of Magic you will like this game. It is not a perfect successor to MoM but it is the closest I have seen so far.
,Recommended,228260,10304528,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BigBabyDuke,"This is like, the coolest game I've ever played."
76561197998935647,Recommended,228260,1857743,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,The Empty Space,This is a great hybrid civ-builder / rpg turn-based game. I'm loving this. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,228260,10317210,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Cryogenic,"The first time I played this game, I didn't enjoy it very much.  I felt overwhelmed at the combination of managing my hero and my city.  Luckily I revisited the game later and found I really liked it.  It is a nice balanced between Heroes of Might and Magic and Civilization.  Don't expect it to be as good as the two other games in their own category; it is a hybrid that managed to do an above-average comparison to both games.  It has great replayability."
76561198053300876,Recommended,228260,10548846,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pikachu!,Must be legendary!
76561198035494270,Recommended,228260,7499449,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Nukle,"Fantástico, HORAS Y HORAS de diversión y un artwork increíble"
76561198009903018,Recommended,228260,10194184,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Improve every aspect of the original ""Fallen Enchantress"" (that, for sure, was a pretty dull game).I reccomend it because now appear pretty funny and surely more polished."
,Recommended,228260,10462073,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Koohandluke,I’ve  enjoyed this game a good bit and  have had great  fun just defeating the  creatures around the map and actually get so caught up in the side quests and leveling my hero’s I forget it’s a 4x strategy game.Its not the best 4x but it definitely has its charm and worth playing. The game is full of great ideas mostly underdeveloped but still done well enough that it doesn’t take away from the experience.I hope to see another instalment of this game with a little more refinement in the future.
76561197995285223,Recommended,228260,10473717,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Chickens,"Recommended for fans of TBS strategy and 4x games.  It plays similar to a cross between Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic.  It is imperfect but may be the best fantasy 4x game out within the last few years.  Pros and cons listed in DETAIL below if you find them helpful.Pros:-Fun gameplay.  It delivers a quality 4x experience.-Intuitive mechanics.  If you have played 4x games, you will grasp this game's concepts quickly.-Good tactical combat.  You can make a difference if you take command versus just autoresolve everything.  Tactical combat is not as strong as Heroes of Might and Magic or Age of Wonders 3, but it is a fun and useful part of the game.-""Tame the land mechanic"".  There are plenty of neutral monsters and quests to make expansion more than an uninteresting early-game land grab.-Satisfying empire building.  Your cities level just like your heroes, and there are a variety of customizations options for each city.  This is a great mechanic!  Yet city management is streamlined enought that you don't get too bogged down late game with many cities.-Custom units.  You can make your own custom military units with their own characteristics once you've gotten the appropriate research and resoruces.  While more customization options would be nice, it is a very cool and welcome mechanic.-Minimal waiting in between turns (in contrast to the long waits in Civilization 5).  The AI is thinking about its turn when you are taking yours, so the time it takes to execute their turn is minimal.  This is a big plus.Cons:-Graphics are ugly.  I suppose on the spectrum of 4x graphics, it is somewhere in the middle (with Dominions being ugliest and Civilization/Heroes of Might and Magic/ Age of Wonders 3 being pretty).-Spells are bland and there are not enough of them.  I was never excited to get access to a new spell.  Spell research is also somewhat confusing - you get spells through a confusing combination of leveling your heroes and through research.  Master of Magic got spells exactly right and I wish more modern games would simply copy and improve on their model.  In MoM, you could make your own towns a paradise (all with nice little spell effects), you could summon awesome units, you could blight an enemy town with pestilence, chaos rifts, etc (all visualized nicely), you could plunge the world into eternal night, and you simply researched each spell individually and intuitively.  FE has fewer and less exciting options.-Hero advancement is similarly bland.  Although there was an extensive list of traits to acquire, I was never excited to gain a new level with my hero because none of the traits were that interesting.  Contrast this to the excellent system in the Heroes of Might and Magic series.  In that series, getting Grandmaster Fire Mage or even Basic Logistics was always exciting because the skills were useful and interesting.  This is not so in FE sadly.-Not enough fantasy creatures on your side.  You may get about 3 uninteresting summoning spells (only 1 of which is good) that are limited to 1 summoned creature per spell per hero.  So you will not lead a shambling horde of zombies and skeletons or demons like you could in Master of Magic or Dominions.  A few races also have access to 1 fantasy creature that they can recruit directly from towns (and you can even customize, which is cool but really limited).  If you capture the right location on the map or complete a long questline, you may get a dragon (one) as well.  Humanoid troops are nice fodder and need to be there, but they should be 60-70% of your army, not 98% of it.  The reason people want to play this type of game instead of Civilization is specifically FOR the fantasy creatures and the spells!-Races are bland.  For some reason, Stardock departed from fantasy conventions of men, elves, orcs, dwarves, etc.  Instead, they have races that are elf-like and dwarf-like and orc-like, but they are  more humanoid and less interesting.  Except for a few structures and traits, they all play similarly.  Again I must compare to Master of Magic where each race had its own unique units and tech tree.  Also compare to HoMM 3 or 5 - each race felt unique and played differently.-Weak, uninteresting quest items.  In spite of a lot of questing, I seemed to only get bland, weak, and uninteresting reward items.  I would always replace them from the shop whenever I researched the right tech.-Furthermore, there is no mechanic to make your own powerful items.  Master of Magic, Dominions, and to a lesser extent Age of Wonders all got this right.  I should be able to expend considerable magic resources to make a great artifact for my heroes to use.  Whether that's a sword that raises  slain foes as zombie minions, armor that makes the wearer ethereal, a horn that empowers the troops, or a staff that disintegrates the enemy, this mechanic is sorely missing in FE.-There is little penalty for heroes defeated in combat.  They simply get a tiny permanent debuff (typically of little to no consequence) and respawn the next turn at low health in your nearest town.  While there should be some mechanism to retrieve your fallen sovereign or save your heroes with extraordinary magic, I personally prefer both my heroes and my enemy's heroes to die and stay dead under most circumstances.  Heck, in Dominions not only did dead characters stay dead (albiet with the possibility of resurrection or magical unlife), they could get significant battle wounds even if they survived victorious combat.  In Heroes of Might and Magic, the defeated hero would abandon your cause entirely.-Poor optimization.  The game chugged on my old computer to the point of unplayability mid-game.  It still gets a little chunky on my new Alienware hotrod.  For a game with such primitive 3D graphics, that should not happen!Conclusion:  Recommended to fans of the genreThis game is a good, fun empire builder.  As an empire builder, it is better than Age of Wonders III but not quite as good as Civilization 5.  Unfortunately the fantasy elements (spells, hero advancement, fantasy creatures, and races) are quite inferior to games like Master of Magic, Heroes of Might and Magic, Age of Wonders III, and Dominions.  However, the game is greater than the sum of its parts and a good empire builder with (albiet bland) fantasy elements is still a worthy part of a strategy fan's library.  Though I've listed a lot of cons, I really did have a good time with the game.  Its shortcomings didn't bother me until well after I had gotten my money's worth of entertainment."
76561198005031284,Recommended,228260,10390566,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DrBob,There is so much in this once you get going... Think Civ III/IV but cleaner... getting very attached to my heroes... great value
,Recommended,228260,10395145,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,It is a great RPG 4x type game.  It actually makes you feel like your Leaders actually matter because they level up and can lead an army against the Hordes of the Wildland.
,Recommended,228260,10363692,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Totez meh Goatz,"it's so good, and fun feels like lotr-ish civ"
76561197998028891,Recommended,228260,10490447,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Aegis [Matt],"For those new to the game, try not to get discouraged when the AI destroys you.  I tend to play the default levels first to get a feel for a game, but in this case ""Don't do that""; the odds are against you.  I will agree with others that the AI could use some work, but overall I'm glad I played it.  I don't know if it'll help you, but I noticed a few quests will pay you a lot of money when completed, and I was able to elimiate taxes altogether for many many seasons which added to production and research."
,Recommended,228260,10491857,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Wallen Jenkins,"Awesome design, awesome game, but not 10/10.First problem is ui, optimization and not-intuitive controls.Second problem is a lot of bugs in gameplay.Third problem is tutorial, which helps you to learn how to move mouse, but not how to understand the game mechanicsAnd no campaign is my personal fourth problemOtherwise it has a lot of good sidesVariative heroes and RPG unit system is much more adorable than in Civ5 or in Warlock 1. You can equip every single unit, you can build a mage with sword and chainmail, you can earn legendary artifacts with variable effects and stats.Tactical and strategical figths, magic and solves. It looks like mix of Disciples2 tactical map and civ3 strategical mapDRAGONS!!!11111Mighty quests for epic loots, solve different quests such as kill rats in the house or summon the great fallen dragon to chat.Totally worth it's cost for every 4x\fantasy strategy fans, but too expensive without any special offer for others.My point is 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,228260,10927502,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheRobAwesome,It's pretty good. Also Community badges.
,Recommended,228260,10758885,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nobody4274,"This game is easy to comprehend, and easy to think about. It's carrying out orders the way you think it will, that makes this game hard to play. This is why i really recommend this game for people looking for a challenge."
76561198026310620,Recommended,228260,10871614,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jruiz,Pros: You can have dragons in your party.  There are several ways to win victories.Cons: Game glitches at times and freezes on an enemy action.  The game doesn't always indicate when a building has finished production so you have to manually track down the city to choose an action before the turn progresses.
,Recommended,228260,10949890,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ushio,You like Civilization?You like turn-based RPG fights?This is your game.It combines building a huge Empire with training customizable units and heroes to fight for your territory.
,Recommended,228260,9156827,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Angelo,"So, after a mere two hours of a single 'new game', I'm pretty confident I can describe Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes in short: Civilization meets Heroes of Might and Magic.Civ-like map movements and town control, very HoMM-like combat and Champion/Item system...A number of things could be better, mostly in the combat screen as you can't check what a specific enemy unit has for modifiers until it's their turn, and in general the UI could be a bit more informative.Not bad though. A middle-ground between the two giants that are Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic."
76561198032687131,Recommended,228260,9157644,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,R_I_P,A mix between Civilzation(Less city management) and Heroes of M&M. Total flexibility in tailoring your unites and heroes which I found to be the most unique thing about this particular game.
76561198082116411,Recommended,228260,9174417,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Austin_Exe,"was suprised to find it was a pretty fun and addictive game , it needs a little debugging thou"
76561198010138987,Recommended,228260,9177495,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MestizaMetaphor,"If Civilization 2 and Fire Emblem had a rather interesting baby but then the baby got sick and died at the early age of seven, it would be named Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes.It's fun but then suddenly you're at the end of the tech tree and nothing has happened and your champions are still at level 5.Also, WHY did they make this a whole separate game from Fallen Enchantress? This game even has the exact same tutorial videos; they're just trying to rip us off."
76561197973954444,Recommended,228260,9353466,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,AliC,"Reminds me of an old game I used to play on PC called Master of Magic (by Microprose I think) and I played that game for hours and hours.  With similarities to the Civilization series of games too, Legendary Enchantress is a really good turn-based strategy game that I'd say is well worth the money."
,Recommended,228260,9409870,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Irishguard,Not a bad game for solo play.  More of a might and magic + Civ kinda game.  Its cool to have a dragons as an allies.  I just wish there was some co-op play or head to head.  I do like the build your own character and leaders and the amount of customization you can do top the game.  still without multiplayer not sure how long i will stick with this.  Grab it on sale like I did.
,Recommended,228260,7480818,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,AnimateDream,Finally a worthy successor to MoM / Age of Wonders series.
76561198026737316,Recommended,228260,9483376,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shineshine,"HiThis is a great game, its sort of Heroes of Might and Magic blend with Civilization/Starcraft. Mix of strategy turn base plus rpg elements. You are dealing with conquering, building, diplomacy with other races/factions. You can auto fights or fight manually controlling you troops and heroes. You can play multiplayer battle from 2 to max i Think 10 comp players, you can select their race, the map and other stuffs. You get to choose heroes when you get to certain fame all the way, Your heroes can get to equip, shop, trade or upgrade the items you found or rewarded when completed the quests. Heroes can cast spells in battle or in map. Heroes can be upgarded when gain enough experience. Troops can be upgraded once you have the advance technology. You can even ceate your own troops, what to wear, what to equip depending the research you have. You have the freedom to move and plan your ambitious plans. Villages to cities can be upgraded to science, military , agricultural etc , you can research on technology on and on.So basically you can create you own faction with what advantages and of course, the appearances and also the starting hero who you will have and the story of the hero and faction. So this is quite the fun part.Its a great game, you have different troops you can cuztomize and also fighting against monsters, dragons, undeads, bandits. If you have play Heroes of Might and Magic or Civilization into strategy fantasy games, this game is worth the price and replay value is high because of the different factions you can play, the variety of troops, heroes you can get. And best part you can customize.8.5/10 (Worth it, good graphics, music, high replay value)"
76561198031068652,Recommended,228260,8695452,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,versteeg.dave082,"This is close to a 10 for turn-based games. The A.I. is a little weak, but overall the game is amazing."
76561198034708333,Recommended,228260,8442576,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BiGs,Fantasy ambientation with rpg elements in a civilization style ;)
76561198009851762,Recommended,228260,8633622,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,lockjaw_99,"Good game, reminds me of the might and magic series but with more detail."
76561197973970164,Recommended,228260,8650462,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Minion,awesome!
76561198038794846,Recommended,228260,8657934,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kainn,"Great Game, Mix of Civilization, and Tactical RPGs set in a mythical setting. I'm sad I never knew about it till it was on sale."
76561198104497847,Recommended,228260,8560383,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Schrodinger'sCat,"They need to fix a bug in their scenario that wont allow you to continue past the 5th chapter, but other than that it is a pretty good game."
76561198043540409,Recommended,228260,8585841,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gabestph,"Basically a newer version of Heroes of Might and Magic. It's got a few good angles on it, and the ability to build custom heroes. I haven't played through the story mode, but i really like what freeplay i've done so far."
76561198043105166,Recommended,228260,8532283,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,FrankyBG,Realy great
76561198014604225,Recommended,228260,8342611,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jackeroo,this game. <3
,Recommended,228260,8343012,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheNotoriousRNG,I'll give it to you in a nutshell. It's Masters of Magic...almost. That's good enough for me.
76561198016739495,Recommended,228260,8343482,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Leon777,"Great fun, re playable, fully control everything on it."
76561197990452748,Recommended,228260,8344220,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tletl,"Fun 4x Strategy game, focused on the combat side of things.Better than Warlock iMO."
76561198003784171,Recommended,228260,8902722,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Malcom13,Excellent game. Brings a little Fantasy RPG style to a strategy game. Cons: would be that the RPG part kind of just happens faster that I can sit back and enjoy. All in all well worth the time and funds to play. PS. the name Fallen Enchantress - NOT really what works here. Great game though!
76561197991083339,Recommended,228260,8977559,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,louterrence1,cool game with a couple of problems.  If you like strategy I would recommed this game.  It seems like a reskinned Civ 4.  will better fighting system.  but the fighting system needed different maps.  Great create unit options and heroes are all great difference from civ franchise.  I would love to see a big budget sequel.
76561198048901774,Recommended,228260,9282841,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Lord Malric,"Bought this game while it was on sale. BUT, now that I've played it, I would have EASILY payed full price for it. If you enjoy STARWARS: EMPIRE AT WAR, then you should enjoy this...Lots of customization, monsters, quests, and just a hell of a lot of fun! Hours and Hours of game play!"
,Recommended,228260,1044527,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Peltz,A good strategy game. A game which starts out as a light rpg and then turns into Civilization on steroids. Elemental is a world that any strategy fan should visit at least once. And the higher difficulty levels will surely teach some humility to any hardcore gamer.
76561198024902552,Recommended,228260,9196346,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,kennym11,"Having never played any FE games before and jumping straight into this due to a lovely steam sale, I find this game fantastic. It reminds me of Civilisation meets Heroes of Might and Magic plus some more fun stuff.The amount of customisation of races, units and the choice to make your own hero adds an extra personalised edge to the game as you end up caring more about your character and making more tactical desicions. The skill trees allow in general are well done the sometimes feel random and not very benefical most of the time I decide ""ehh i'll take that I suppose""Unlike both Civ and Heroes the combat is well done. I'm not finding it stale or boring and it has the option to auto resolve for those easy battles.Spells seem a bit chaotic and unmanaged but after a while you get used to them.Defienatly recomend this game to Civ, Heroes of Might and Magic, and Galactic Civ fans."
,Recommended,228260,9231358,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Jesus Christ,Just like Master of Magic.
,Recommended,228260,1482228,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Darkstar,"This game is very much inspired by Age of Wonders - you can hear it in the music and the creature sounds, and feel it in the battles.  It's also very much like GalCiv2... a strange combination to be sure.  Legendary Heroes is exponentially better than the original.  All it really needs is multiplayer and some better graphics ;)"
76561197970571810,Recommended,228260,431336,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,ExHippy,Entertainling fantasy turn based strategy. Unlike many other games of this genre you actually take control of your units on the battlefield rather than let the computer work out who's won. Down sides are the enemy AI is totally stupid at the strategic level and I maxed out the tech tree a bit too quickly. Would be a good game for multiplayer.
,Recommended,228260,8725606,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TwoClrs,"Reminicent of the old school game, Master of Magic. Spend countless hours playing out different senarios using either stock characters or create your own.  You can customize your kingdoms, army units, everything.  The more involved you become, the more addictive it can be."
76561198012041821,Recommended,228260,8821190,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,LasTeaR,Fun and challenging. What Heroes VI should have been
76561197980616828,Recommended,228260,8832318,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Solymar,Even better than the first and waiting for a new series
,Recommended,228260,7429942,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Endothlyne,"There are quite few HoMM type games on the market. Some good, some not so good. FE Legendary Heroes appeals to me the most because of its detail depth. It is also heavily customisable. Some may find it too deep and it is a game that requires a certain amount of patience but it does give hour upon hour of gameplay if you like this type of game."
,Recommended,228260,9129022,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Anal Mayonaise,"I would rate this 4/5 starsSimply put, this is (one of) the greatest single-player game(s) of all time. It is surprisingly well balanced in terms of strategy and tactics, civilization building and RPG TBS combat. There are only two downsides to this game: it's not multiplayer, and the AI past 'Expert' needs to some work. Otherwise, I can never get tired of playing this game :)"
76561197970596895,Recommended,228260,434847,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,VLaaM,"I never could get into the Sid Meier's Civilization games, maybe because they are to 'realistic'. Don't get me wrong, i loved the gameplay, it just couldn't keep me interested for longer then a few games.Fallen Enchantress makes everything right in this turn-based city building genre for someone like me with an preference for fantasy settings!If you like a game that is a combination of Sid Meier's Civilization, Heroes of Might and Magic and throw some good quests and RPG in there, this game is definetely worth a try!Metascore: 80User Score: 7,8Metacritichttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/fallen-enchantress-legendary-heroes"
76561198031711658,Recommended,228260,9567647,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Jax,"Excellent balance of CIV type strategy and RPG elements. Level and gear up heroes, customize armies, upgrade armies as new gear/technology comes available. Great replay value as your overall strategy should be dictated by the class of your hero/sovereign."
76561198007428790,Recommended,228260,2444107,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Kathall,"Epic twist on 4x strategy game. Conquer beastly infested lands to carve out your empire before crushing your opponents. Cast spells to change the world map, wither enemy armies, and boost city morale or production. Recruit powerful champions to lead your enchanted armies and lay waste to everything in your path. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228260,9673875,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ALostCanadian91,"Early game is great, tons of quests, neutral mob, decent hero leveling.... But then it starts to fall short. The mid to late game kinda feels like they dropped the ball. The kingdom vs kingdom warfare is basically a match up of the two leveled up armies which 9/10 decides who wins the war. The in game art style and sound asset are also very weak. With only a handful of maps and a poor end game FE is an OK game. I would say only buy it if your desperate or it's on sale."
,Recommended,228260,9969820,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Trickster,"Turn-based strategy RPG like civilization, but with emphasis on your unique characters in game.  Multiple ways to win, again like civ, each faction having clear paths theyre built for.  Allows for easy custom factions and custom units as well, with a few mods that expands even further.  Love this game, most of my time logged was offline unforunately or I'd probably have ""completed"" it by now.  Even with all the time spent it's still something I come back to periodically, which to me is the sign of a good game."
76561198006834956,Recommended,228260,9982860,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Fade2Black,Great Game.
76561197973818633,Recommended,228260,9985112,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,dubcee,"I'm a long time fantasy 4x fan (mom, aow...etc) & this one is my favoriteInteresting mix of heavy PvE (the world) & PvP (the AI) that feels like two different games; easy to become lost in one but balance must be maintained ftw.Great customization options.Great art style.Do you 4x?Do you fantasy?If yes, then buy this."
76561198004380031,Recommended,228260,2230087,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,*Sivi*,It's a great game. It is a mix between Civ and some futal era rpg stuff pretty good!
76561198025257683,Recommended,228260,13794650,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Elsina Yumaiya,It plays like a combination of Civilization and the Heroes of Might and Magic series. Pretty enjoyable game overall.
76561198006702306,Recommended,228260,13796543,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Big Roj,Excellent - really REALLY good - much customisation - lost a few hours and didnt know what hit me.....
,Recommended,228260,13796766,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,La+ Superbus Starodub,Heroes of Might and Magic III and Civilization IV combined
76561197999336697,Recommended,228260,13798455,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,carnivaldiablo,"Fantastic combination of civilization building and RPG. By directing controlling your immortal soveriegn as your kingdom grows you feel more invested than your usual civ game. Every game is epic, especially on the larger maps. Great replayability!Classes, factions, awesome recruits, unit building, treasures to discovery, titans and lesser monsters to conquer! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198060022753,Recommended,228260,13798905,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bringer of the Dawn,"Do you like fantasy? How about real strategy and management? Investing time into a game instead of rushing through it? This is the game. I recommend this game 100%. I haven't played much, but I got the idea of the game in a short period of time. Don't believe me? Watch videos and read other reviews."
76561198083207528,Recommended,228260,13867376,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,dubria,I like it.
76561198053783352,Recommended,228260,13873001,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cny80132,"Nice game.  Kinda like Might and Magic in some ways, but I like this one better.  :)"
76561198012768795,Recommended,228260,13902590,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jbroedell,Very enjoyable and money well spent.
,Recommended,228260,13860478,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Marco Mouse,"This game keeps me playing for hours very addictive, I hope they keep adding on to it with more great DLCs! Thanks for making a super customizeable adventure!"
,Recommended,228260,13861685,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MassOver,"Gostei muito me lembro os velhos tempos de Lords of Realms, Lords of Magic e etc..."
76561197970768605,Recommended,228260,458705,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,VincentC,A Civ and Heroes of might and magic hybrid. A blast to play.
,Recommended,228260,4471905,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[WOTN]Taps,Great game!
,Recommended,228260,15334382,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"I enjoyed this game at first.Had alot of fun creating characters and clans, exploring the possibilities in the world, and looting dungeons.And this is a typical game that you want to play with your friends. A fantasy civilization building game.However, you can't play with your friends.You won't be able to play with your friends.Ever.The developers do not intend to add multiplayer, and without that, the game gets boring fast.Try it if you find it on sale."
,Recommended,228260,15306559,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,dash.galaxy,"If Warlock 2 is Civ 5 meets Heroes of Might and Magic 3, then Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is Civ 4 meets Heroes of Might and Magic 4 plus a ton of added customization and RPG elements. Should you buy this game? Heck yeah baby."
76561198010063736,Recommended,228260,15213853,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,vhettthevile,this game has some deffintie challenge to it
,Recommended,228260,15217039,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,savaze,"I have both iterations of Fallen Enchantress (though the other one seems to have disappeared from my library, but I can still play it if I search for it in the store and play it that way). This is the version you want to buy. FE:LH reminds me of Civ 4 in fantasy clothes with an rpg mechanic on the heroes. If that sounds interesting to you then you won't regret buying this game!"
76561198110479182,Recommended,228260,15453374,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Asmodine,"After a couple doven hours of gameplay during the 3-day trial I had, I tested most of the functions this game has to offer. They blew me away completely. Unlike other games that follow a similar style, this game's combat and story-line capability, along with insane customization, made even the renowned Civ5 look childish to me. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the style, as it is a refreshing change of pace from the idle-gameplay and drudgery of normal 4x's. Find a style that fits you, create your own ideal Empire or Kingdom, and conquer all on your path."
76561198023776795,Recommended,228260,14765763,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Equinox,"Actually the game was more fun before I installed the new DLCs; they have reduced the stability of the game to an unbearable level. Every 5 to 10 turns is a hard crash and you are out of the game.To the reader: Dear reader, I would recommend you to give it a try without purchasing the recent DLCs. If you would like to play a custom story in a champions of the Krynn like setting ""No mazes or labyrints but lots of loot, guardians and fun"" with good unit customization, city building capabilities and magic this is the game.To the developer: Dear friends, ""Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes"" was a brilant good game; it would be a pity if you leave it in this condition. Go Stardock!!! Do not let your Enchantress fall this easily... We are waiting immediate fixes; kind regards..."
,Recommended,228260,14893353,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nick the Zombie,"Hands down my favorite 4X game.The art, music and overall aesthetic resonate like crazy with me for some reason, even though it's far from the ""best"" looking game in the genre.The game mechanics make more sense to me in this one than in any other 4X game, too. For instance, I love how a stack's damage is calculated as ""individual unit damage x number of units"" so that killing some of the units in a stack actually makes the stack less effective. This makes the choice of who to target a little more interesting, especially when you factor in their different powers.This is also the only 4X game where I actually value the ability to design units. You can unlock some seriously powerful artifacts through the research tree, and along with unit-boosting city enchantments and a whole slew of interesting custom unit traits, there are lots of fun possibilities.Designing your own ruler is also very rewarding since this game does a great job with giving you cool powers that actually matter. For instance, one of my all-time favorite faction traits is ""Beastlord"" which allows you to play the risk/reward game of converting beasts that you fight on tactical map. Few things are more enjoyable for me than successfully taming a huge bear and bringing it into battle with me. Bears (and a few other select creatures) have a ""Maul"" ability where they get to keep attacking as long as each hit lands successfully. It's not uncommon to have your bear maul a high level enemy unit to death before it can even hit back. Combine Beastlord with a ruler that specializes in the summoning part of the mage skilltree, and now you have entire armies consisting of both natural creatures and horrifying creatures from the underworld. This is really ♥♥♥♥ing fun.I also love that ""Essence"" is one of the resources that you need to consider when placing new cities on the overworld map. For each essence on the city's tile, you can cast an enchantment on the city that boosts certain things like mana or production, or something even more interesting like boosting the power of units trained in that city, causing enemies to be stricken with fear when trying to attack the city, etc. It's fantastic!I could blab on and on and on about how much I love this game. I know my thoughts are scattered, but I honestly don't feel the need to put together a comprehensive review on this one. Hopefully the few things I've pointed out here will be appropriately indicative of how great this underrated game is."
76561198030452578,Recommended,228260,15032972,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Arry Ghekon,"Love this whole series. Elemental: War of Magic - great stuff. Fallen Enchantress - superb. FE: Legendary Heroes - better still. I'm looking forward to the Lich King too, once a sale hits on it.Anyhoo, I highly recommend this game. It 'replaces' the former games, much like Sins of a Solar Empire games. It's all about iterative improvement, and this series pays off in spades."
76561198012942245,Recommended,228260,15070628,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,enisbayramoglu,"Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is an ambitious games. It brings many new things to the 4X genre, but fails to execute them perfectly. For years, I've looked for a nice Masters of Magic remake, and got frustrated with all the attempts that claimed to add a personal touch, while ruining the magic formula of the masters of magic. FE:LH also adds a unique touch, but unlike others, it succeeds in becoming something at least as good as MoM.As I've mentioned, the execution of the new ideas aren't perfect, you get balancing issues and even bugs, but I think the game is still very unique and enjoyable if you're a fantasy 4X fan."
,Recommended,228260,14773269,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Taiclua,"I really love this game so far and I've only breached the surface. It has a lot of elements of other great games, like Master of Orion 2, Age of Wonders, Heroes of Might & Magic, and many other influences I can see, plus an actually useful army customization tool. I've never seen anything like it and with all the great combinations of influences, it brewed a concoction of addiction that has me started on a path with no end in sight. : )"
76561198092411043,Recommended,228260,15022796,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,backward_chef,awesome game shame it constancly crashes and slows down please fix
76561198020220051,Recommended,228260,14369090,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Valenquest,"Excellent turn based strat/Rpg. Very rich and diverse world.Soldier design system is neat, empire managment, border expansion really well done.Minor UI issues in combat, monsters are meciless at higher difficulties, turn change processing can take a long time when you've got a large empire....Oh and beware of dragons, they burn down cities for fun."
,Recommended,228260,14339197,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nicol_Bolas,"Short summary:This game is a turn-based strategy with both strategic and tactical parts of the game and strong RPG elements. The game takes some working ideas from Civilization and Galactic Civilizations and merges them with  Heroes of Might and Magic. It brings some new ideas as well and most of them are good innovations. Beware that strategic management is extremely simplified compared to Civ, but still a lot more significant than in HoMaM. The game isn´t balanced very well, but will provide challenge for up-to average gamers. Over all it´s a game that mixes the genres well and I recommend it, as long as you like TBS at least a little and you already played HoMaM and Civ games: 70%.Pros:•	spell power based on shards and other novelty ideas•	army and hero system better than in HoMaM IV•	good mix of strategy and tactics•	unit design is much better then Civ IV or GalCiv 2•	leader and faction design - each faction plays differently•	tech trading and diplomacy is executed wellCons:•	bad spell user interface in strategic view•	on bigger maps sequence of events on start of turn is chaotic•	major bad design is harmless (from monsters) AI pioneers and cities, so AI takes all resources very fast and builds cities near dragons, this is GalCiv2 handwriting and persistent error from StarDock. Please see Civ IV to see how impassable borders can work with expanding AI.•	sometimes buggy mouse behavior in tactical•	no hall of fame to record the result of past games•	reasearch is not very well balanced or thought outOther:•	graphics and sound are average but suitable for a low-budget TBS game•	the game does provide some single-player scenarios (not as deep as HoMaM by far), but focus is on random maps like Civ"
76561198005938294,Recommended,228260,14175743,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rekaelle,"tl:dr: good mechanics, interesting spells, poor AI and shallow tech tree. Fun to play.The best thing is that you can create your own troops by choosing their traits and equipment. Too bad that game is balanced so that your only option is to pile up as many magical items on your troops as possible and thus eliminate the power of choise whenever to supply many troops with poor equipment or few troops with expensive equipment.In the endgame spells are a bit too powerful. Since there isn't any multiplay, the developers haven't bothered to tune down some cataclysm spells like Volcano, which can eradicate whole cities in few turns and alter the environment so that AI has no clue how to cope with that."
,Recommended,228260,15918344,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Captain Kobayashi,"Imagine mixing Civilisation V with Lord of the Rings: Battle for Middle-Earth.The fact you can customise nearly everything in this game makes it a winner for me.* Can create your own faction [Spend points for passives]* Can create and level your own Hero [Bit like a WoW talent tree]* Can design your own units  [Choose armour, colour, mounts, weapons, magic items, talents .etc]* Can design your own map tiles * Building new improvements in your city unlocks new things to buy in the shop* Can recolour everything"
,Recommended,228260,14441380,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Typh,"It has potential. I neds to be fixed up, but it offers a decent fantasy style Civilization. Easy to play, and learn as well.Sad though that the navies are not in game. It needs water-based units."
76561198031248163,Recommended,228260,8201554,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,zarya83,"The expansion has fixed several issues with balance, and improved the AI substantially. Worth the price of admission."
76561198048120463,Recommended,228260,9617707,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,bassfisher,This is a fine game. I'm almost embarrased how much logged in time I have on it :)  It does take a bit to learn it enough to get a feeling of smoothness to playing it. Not a hard learning curve but about low to medium. Great game even though i burn't out on it from playing too much. I'd definately recommend both this and the original fallen enchantress.
76561198008112085,Recommended,228260,9714696,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,graemedortan,Master of Magic... on steroids. Seriously this is the best contender I have seen for a new version of the classic. The level of customisation of your units is great (eve if a bit redundant as you will tend to go with certain choices every time) especially given sometimes you will have limited access to metal or crystals so you can change you soldiers gear accordingly. I find the mechanic of limiting where you can build cities very annoying but other than that it is a great game!
76561198031273567,Recommended,228260,10053210,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,HawkofChiron,"Thee best turn-based, fantasy, empire building games there is. The  additional add-ons fine tune it nicely. Civ 5 fans would LOVE this game! . I even enjoy the cut- away turn based battles  as initiative determines the  turn order. This game is a bit reminicent of ....the best Strategy game of all time.... Alpha Centauri/Alien Crossfire in so far as being well designed and some depth to it."
76561197978862814,Recommended,228260,804516,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Renfield,"Civ meets Heroes of Might & Magic, with a sprinkling of MicroProse. Finally: a success."
76561198006707638,Recommended,228260,9940514,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,bazwelle,"Mmmm, a little on the fence with this one.  If I would give it a number on 10, I would give it a 6.  Although I like it, this game could have been awesome if the bugs had been fixed and it had been optimized.  Here is a description:Bugs: Through my 14 hour playthrough, I had two crash to desktops.  Also had a game breaking bug that I had to work around during a battle.  An enemy warlock would try to summon a creature that would never appear.  Reloading the game 3 times did not resolve it.  The game would just sit there, with nothing happening for 3min before I closed it through windows.  The only way I could fix this was to try to kill the warlock before he tried to summon his creature.  Worked fine after but that's not normal.Performance:  This was the most nagging aspect of the game and what I believe soured my experience.  On a normal map, the scrolling would not be fluid and clicks felt laggy.  It doesn't make sense that my computer would struggle with this game.  See, I have an 3ghz i7 processor with 6gigs of ram and a GTX670.  Civilization 5 works perfectly fine and runs a millions times better than this game.  Civ5 is a much more beautiful, bigger and CPU/GPU intensive game than Fallen Enchantress.Gameplay: So is the game fun?  Yes, it is.  It reminds me of an old Magic game by Microprose back in the old dos days of computers.  It is a mix of Civilisation where you create cities, build and manage them while you conquer the world in a way that best fits your style.  And then battle enemies with your armies of heroes and units that gain experience and level on a grid battlefield a little like Might and Magic: Heroes, but better since good unit placement is actually important.Graphics: They are subpar at best by this day and age.  I thought the textures looked dull and certain equipment items for your heroes were blurry and I sometimes could barely make out what they were just by looking.Audio:  I thought that the audio was good, nothing stood out here.  The music was fine, not excellent.Can I recommend it?  Yes.  Although I can't help but think what this game could have been.  A classic if the studio would have spent a little more time polishing it.Would I have played longer than 14 hours if the experience was better?  Completely!"
,Recommended,228260,10853003,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Camasi,"A great fantasy 4x game with turn based strategy battles. A lot of customization options and RPG like quests for your characters to go on. The graphics, sound, and UI are all well done. Solid game! If you think you *might* be interested just pick it up! They did a great job with this one!"
76561198069583493,Recommended,228260,10855406,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mrcanehdian,"I love this game, I've played it a ton already and plan to continue playing it a lot. My only gripe is that in the late game, the monsters that roam the land are much too easy for the powerful armies you create and lead."
76561198021826362,Recommended,228260,10855492,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,moribundg,Excellent game play... fun and challanging
76561198025700061,Recommended,228260,11017142,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,snorre_fjellvang,"First of i played one of the random maps in the New game options. I used abouth 37hoursIExploring most stuff(butt there is soooooo much :) )It worked seemingly tottally bug free :) .Then i started the (BUGGY, full of glitches and bad settup) SCENARIO  ...Still recomen the game,, but here are some tips i required after i wasted alott of time..IMPORTANT PLAY TIPS for version 1.60 ;- Avoid heroes you run into til you have discovered both....ussually 2 to choose from but 1 will often ""Acsidentaly"" be thrown in your groupcause you completed random kill a creature quest you did not know abouth or couldent avoid(as they roam and can atack)Then you wil be unable to kick the out of the party and it will block other heroes from joining you later(mather of different opinions and such between heroes)- Wepons and items that poison, steal life, or boost deffence or acumelate damage doesent always work like they shouldso a awesome sword like the Sword of Wrath just is a more normal sword in stead of an awesome life stealer. Pay atention if it works or not,, maybe choose another weapon.- second scenario map when disembarking from boat, click on relias then on land(worked for me). If not you can also try the raise land option on beach(many said this works,,you then need an high level on earth spells in one of your champions)- Also some quests will be buggy and not complete like they should it seems,, but so far i been able to move forward without game shattering have to restart problems(a mather of prefference though,, as i waisted 5 hours to gett a another champion in scenario 1 )- Another play ruining thing is that i think theres way to manny heroes SPOILER ;i gott 9 now(thin k that is maxed) and i dont like all of them, also manny cant be edited with traits,, like already level 10 without traits) befor u can uppgrade.And batles take why to laong an is then unintresing,, i know i will win just gotte make sure my weak units dont run ahead and gett killed....like they do in autobattle.Otherwise amazing game,,, if the issues people are complaining about and the great fixes(maybe not in a practical script making way) would be done it would be a legendary game.Now its on border for me,,, and almost giving upp because of bugs.Still recomend it highly if you like Civilization and HoMM ,,wel this is a unpolished(at some points) mix that i found awesome. Loots of editing posibles that at least in random game seems to work.Keep suporting , they keep working.Recomended at a price tag on or below..  17 $"
76561198022635141,Recommended,228260,11007123,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Fisterchief,it's like civ with magic
76561198009003138,Recommended,228260,11321877,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,wameers,"It's mixes the tactical turn based grid combat of King's Bounty with the city building, trade, and expansion of Civilization. That said, because it tries to do two things at once, neither is as addictive as they could be. Still a well put together game though."
,Recommended,228260,11335097,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,JohnJohnnyJonathan,"This game is freaking fun haha! Mixture of Civ + Dungeon and Dragons, its awesome, wish it had more content though. We need more items to purchase in shops and diverse merchants with more legendary items."
76561198107371627,Recommended,228260,12112615,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,King Cipher,"At first I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy this game, coming from a console to this style of platform was a complete upheavel of everyhthing I had expected. That aside with a reasonably indepth character customization, and variability in gameplay, this game quickly turned into a favourite of mine.Like I said I came from console gaming and was pleasantly surprised with this game, its only real shortfalling is that its hard to stop playing when you've starteddefinite 8-9/10"
76561198076428547,Recommended,228260,11004604,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Shadow Fox,I've put in 100 hours into Legendary Heroes and 300 into the Original game and I highly recommend this and 'some' of the expansion packs available.  The community and support have been wonderful and I look forward to future works.8/10
76561198036008047,Recommended,228260,12199283,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SinfulMonk,Very interesting game that I would highly recommend. This game is a cross between Civ and Heroes 3.
76561198020686557,Recommended,228260,9159926,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,maarl,This game is perfect.
76561198014039450,Recommended,228260,12957205,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Shryke,This is a great strategy RPG. IMO the best high fantasy strategy RPG out there right now.  Awesome varied gameplay and awesome customization.
76561198013885080,Recommended,228260,2873239,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Kair,"Más táctico que el anterior, ahora toca pesar bien que clase de personaje quieres ya que a diferencia del anterior dependiendo de las clases podrás equipar unar armaduras u otras. Esto y que los mismos heroes te busquen cuando alcanzas X fama es de lo mejor, aunque ya podrían haberlo puesto como actualización ya que no hay más variables."
76561197983819312,Recommended,228260,11495708,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Smasher,"Great Game! One of my favorites 4X Games, with a nice RPG touch."
,Recommended,228260,3428796,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Devilmcbride,"Another Brilliant Strategy game from Stardock. I would highly recomend this to anyone that has ever enjoyed Fire Emblem, or Sins of a Solar Empire. Easily the most addictive game of the year."
76561197992933417,Recommended,228260,1410869,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Gerrick,"It's Civ 5 mixed with a tactical RPG for the combat.  Can be pretty difficult, but very fun."
,Recommended,228260,11892795,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,DanDerethor,It is an interesting idea. I like random events and questing while i build a civilization.
76561197969584024,Recommended,228260,11920912,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Remus,Nice looking - a little laggy and slowstarted since it must connect online.AI are awful which means its mainly a game of building advancing and finally cleansing enemy players rather easy.reccomended for the times you dont want to use your brain to much and just have a good time.
,Recommended,228260,11888197,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,j.aro (ง︡'-'︠)ง,♥♥♥♥ing dank♥♥♥♥♥strategy game
76561197977417280,Recommended,228260,10714319,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,pnchappy92,"This game is awesome. It's the first 4X RPG I've ever played, and I would recommend it to any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,228260,10717661,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,akakunijimu,"Highly addictive. When I first bought this, I expected to play it around the same amount of time I had played Civ V. How wrong I was. I find myself coming back to this game day after day. Thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,228260,8416125,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,skeyesogrey,Kind of feel like this is what the love child of Civ and Heroes of might and magic would look like. I like it.
76561197985308363,Recommended,228260,8416744,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lelouch spitfire,pretty good game has great stratgy and even better story behind things if you pay attention also the dlc very much worth it if just to get the undead dlc since thats a real seller
76561197999449788,Recommended,228260,8854077,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Count_Flakula,"A turn-based strategy game that borrows heavily from Civilization and that ilk, this one has some distinctions to set it apart.  Like in Civ you'll manage a growing empire of cities looking to spread across the world, and dominate it via one of several victory conditions.  Unlike with Civ the combat is turn-based tactical where clever use of your stuff will allow a weaker enemy to prevail against a stronger one.  Also the setting is a sort of high fantasy where magic is an important resource, the mastery of which is crucial to the game.More importantly, Legendary Heroes lives up to its name by giving each side a sovereign, and several lesser champions which gain in power as if in an RPG.  These heroes can be mages, warriors, or generals, with large and varied skill trees to progress along.  It's this last bit that makes this such a fun game: at the start of the game where many of the early turns are about watching your cities grow your heroes can be mucking about, exploring and killing bandits.A great entry in the 'just one more turn' category of games, Legendary Heroes does right a lot of things its predecessors did wrong."
,Recommended,228260,1441176,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,jet800,"A must have. Rich 4X expirience, flexible gameplay from peaceful empire building to struggle for resources between kingdoms and empires to hardcore survival of land itself."
,Recommended,228260,8421927,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sadistic_steve,Really good game if your into turn based strategy(Which i am). I would compare to Civilisation crossed with Heroes of Might and Magic with some of the better bits of each. I give it 9 out of 10 (would be 10 if it had multiplayer which isn't ridiculously important but would be nice). great game!
,Recommended,228260,4540991,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Sirge,Very engrossing fantasy turn based strategy game.
76561198006749269,Recommended,228260,11061955,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Pants The gnome,"If you enjoyed the old heroes of might and magic games a decade ago, you'll enjoy this.It's a combination of Combat strategy and resource management turn based strategy and it's a great deal of fun. Downside is the core game comes with very few maps to play in (especially if you want to play a long game so you get a chance to explore all of your city and unit options). You can fully customise your sovereign hero (essentially your in game representation) as well as the race you choose to play if you want to create your own, to make some pretty amazing and fun combinations. No game is the same I find, although Life Magic seems to be the single most important school of magic to have access to.Unfortunately the game seems to crash *way* too much, but as long as you remember to save often (don't trust the autosave) it's still a great deal of fun entertainment for the kind of gamer who prefers patient resource management over the old zerg rush.Definitely recommend, but can't imagine it being a game for everyone."
76561198066519283,Recommended,228260,11070501,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Rabain,"Very similar to Civilization in it's gameplay mechanics but if you prefer a fantasy world rather than that of Civ this is pretty decent.  I've played almost 100 hours, definitely got my money's worth.  Very rarely encountered any bugs."
76561198049992139,Recommended,228260,10967610,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arcane587,I really enjoy this game. It kind of reminds me of Lords of Magic from my childhood. A lot of fun. I highly recommend it you like fantasy and turn-based strategy games like Civilization. Hopefully Stardock continues to update this game or release a sequel of some sort - probably my favorite strategy game in the past year or so.
76561198027448793,Recommended,228260,3793993,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,westtrot,Very fun game once u get the hang of it.
,Recommended,228260,10376795,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,"Terpsichore, Delight of Dancing","Note: I find that FE:LH is a good game, many reviews here describe it better than I can. This is merely a note for those who own the first Fallen Enchantress game---If you own the original Fallen Enchantress, I would advise against getting FE:LH. LH is a more polished game, true, but there is really not much difference. The nations, heroes and units are all ported over. The differences to me are not enough to justify the price tag. It's like paying for a DLC or update at the cost of a brand new game."
,Recommended,228260,9442030,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TheKingofnobody,"The game has alot of replay value to it with its differnet map sizes and number of differnet kingdoms and empires to go up against. It runs smoothly, and with so much to do you are easily looking at about a 5-10 hour map play. My only problem with the game is that some the characters faces look kinda funny, but besides that it's a great RPG/Strategy game!Rating:9/10"
76561198095888555,Recommended,228260,9435041,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ex0dus_begins,"Pros~city buildereconomyheroshero itemsquestsCustomize your units/heros/city looksCustomize starting hero abilities/magic/gearMagic effects cities/combat/world![Reminds me of master of magic]Cons~Deplomacy is horrid and inefficant [you can ignore it in game tho, it has little use]Limited races [you can add undead with dead world dlc.. eh]Limited maps [map pack adds some..]Limited items [item dlc adds come good ones]Overall~Tho, 40$ is steep as the game is dry and few without DLC content, its a fun game. I was lucky and only payed 30 for the game and dlc, which was def worth it.Note to developers-Give the DLC for free, the game isnt worth 40 by itself. Create a expansion pack that adds races [or allows you to create races], allows you to create custome items through magic, adds randomized maps and allows for better deplomacy options. [Like trading/offering citys, spells, units?]"
,Recommended,228260,9219942,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,~Runey,Great game. 10/10.
,Recommended,228260,11553258,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,zod2242,"this game is awesome. i have not played a better tactical and turn-based strategy game. usaully i would play around till i get bored, then gof around a bit, but with Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes it is a whole new experience. i am not my 15 playthrough and i like the game even more. the more you play the more the game has to play from. so it is always defferent everytime. the AI learns from you and trys to win, while the computer will also use things you made."
,Recommended,228260,7640542,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Azradun,"For all the successors of the great and might Master of Magic, this is perhaps the most awesome and closest one. Despite being a third re-release of a game, Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is something I can honestly recommend."
76561198080301741,Recommended,228260,11573705,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Wolfmother,Great game.
76561198034173836,Recommended,228260,11832086,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,basobaru,"This is simply the best CIV-style modern fantasy strategy game. It has a lot of Master of Magic in it and also a hint of Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.I'd like to write more, but I'm off to playing some Fallen Enchantress.. :)"
76561197987952752,Recommended,228260,10946053,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,live-in-exile,"I bought this game looking for a fantasy turn based strategy game. I use to really like playing age of wonders shadow magic, and this game seemed to kind of resemble it. So I went ahead and bought it, well to my surprise I found this game to both be well polished and very fun to play.Combat- you have the option of auto-resolve which I find to be good when you know you are unlikely to lose a unit.There is also the option of doing the battle yourself, which is what I normally do ( it seems when you auto-resolve they don't use your units abilities).The game loosely reminds me of civilization, you have 3 trees that you can choose from to develop via research,civilization, warfare, and magic. Each has its own benefits, and so it's sometimes tough choice as to which one to develop first.I don't do reviews so it's pretty short and to the point, but overall I would give this game a solid 8.5 for the Turn Based Stragey game class."
76561198008839960,Recommended,228260,10933820,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pegazik,Really good civilisation-like game in fantasy settings.
,Recommended,228260,10846046,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"In my book, this game runs a very close second to Disciples 2 - right up until we start talking about the custom factions, unit designer, and all the other design tools built in. I haven't had the time or patience to monkey with anything besides the Cartographer's Table (Map Editor), but holy Notice of Termination Batman, this thing let's you desing your own spell effects, and map tiles.If you're a slightly more casual player like moi, you may be content to unfairly stack the deck (map) in your favor, design your own faction and then design a mounted company unit called Fist of the Empress, subsequently mass producing them. Because the computer will still slap you around, that's why.11/10P.S. You can recruit Dragons into your army."
76561198021378572,Recommended,228260,13216078,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,"George ""Wimpy"" Bush","Fun strategy game in the mold of Civ & Heroes of Might & Magic.  However, the glut of crashes at the most inopportune times can be extremely frustrating.  Recommend saving constantly."
76561198061272637,Recommended,228260,19259090,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,punisher,just started playing it again alot of fun def worth geting even better if its on sale.  alot of replay value.
76561198075964450,Recommended,228260,6810917,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,altair,perfect game！just play it!you do not despair!
76561198067052382,Not Recommended,228260,19340404,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DarknessOrLight,"This game has a great concept. Despite its mid-90s graphics, the mix of strategy and RPG, the way you can customize your heroes and your units, the interesting quests and monsters - all of that is timeless and shines in spite of the graphics.HOWEVER - I cannot recommend this game because of how incredibly buggy and poorly polished it is. This game takes more RAM and CPU resources than games far more technologically advanced (i.e. Civ 5, XCOM, Endless Space). It crashes every 3-5 turns. It often freezes during a battle, and reloading a prior save doesn't help. Lastly, reloading saves reliably crashes the game on my computer, and again, I run far more advanced games than this with no problems. I've asked the developer for support and troubleshooting and it never helped. Unlike other games that started out buggy but was fixed and smoothed with patches (i.e. Divinity Original Sin), this game has essentially been abandoned by its developers and I have not seen any fixes for years. What could have been a great game has been ruined by bugs."
,Recommended,228260,23838131,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ishvii,My first foray in to 4x turn based strategy games. Quite enjoyed the time I spent in this one - had some nice abilities and liked being able to build my own units. Cons: Bad AI and you pretty much have to play the same way every time.
,Recommended,228260,24046580,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hecksport,"Pros:- Combat system.- Hero characters.- Character and squad customization.Cons:- Diplomacy.- Building/expanding.- UI isn't intuative.It's a much more combat orientated game than most 4X style games. If that's what you're looking for then give it a try, otherwise I would recommend staying away."
76561198041770350,Not Recommended,228260,20846701,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Medusan,"It is a good game in the style of Master of magic / Civilization but I have a machine that is way beyond the requirements and the game keeps crasing to no end. Almost finished a game and when I try to load it, BAM. Crash and crash.***Update***I lowered the settings and am using a lower window than my video screen and managed to play a full game. Still, buy with caution. It is an ok game if you like CIV / Master of magic and such."
76561197961549489,Recommended,228260,8160425,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,FremenKnight,Fun 4x game in fantasy setting. Has some nice RPG elements and good customization for heros and units. Some mechanics could use some polish but they still update to fix things. Overall good game for the money lots of replayability.
,Recommended,228260,8187550,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,chaoszap,"I will remind Master of Magic, the CIVIZARD. It is very interesting."
,Recommended,228260,2385566,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Exa Unique,"Made by the makers of ""Sins of a Solar empire""...And i think the best in the line of ""Eador"", ""Heroes of might and magic""  and ""Warlock""""Warlock"" how ever is made without the famous instanced combat system, and shouldnt be compared with these type of games...If you have the previous ""Fallen Enchantress"", make note that not much has been changed other then a lot of game play features and balancing. Which makes it a better game then it already was."
76561198017127010,Recommended,228260,3081428,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,chaogoesmu,MoM gen 2.  if you understand that you know that means buy this no questions asked.
,Recommended,228260,7483727,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,wordsasbombs,"It's essentially Civilization V with RPG elements and tactical battles in a dark fantasy setting. That is to say, everything I ever wanted."
76561198085543458,Recommended,228260,8386944,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kigo,The game is alot of fun to play.  Very reminescent of the Heroes of Might and Magic series.  For the price and fun it can't be beat.
76561198033166621,Recommended,228260,4168147,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,anpanagio,Good master of magic
76561198035907864,Recommended,228260,8405951,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,khoubi,"Best combination of Civ 4 and Hereos of Might & Magic. Over 100 hours played, and still my default ""go-to"" game."
76561198140810048,Recommended,228260,29784376,Posted: 8 February,all,paleobear,"Not a bad game, and it is fun to equip your heros for quests, using items and spells. The creatures are certainly unique, not robbed from Tolkien books.  However, for those on a budget I recommend you get Civ IV and download the Fall From Heaven 2 mod from CivFanatics.  It has larger maps, more variety of items, techs, buidlings."
,Recommended,228260,29361317,Posted: 19 January,all,Division by Zero,"Great game, especially early, but balance is pretty bad once you learn how to play. IE, use Blizzard spell, solo cap all cities with just your mage over and over. You can set your own self imposed limitations to go around that, but meh. Still worth picking up when its on sale."
,Recommended,228260,687789,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Arson,"A fantasy-themed 4X game with heroes. Imagine Civilization IV with a fantasy theme, and the ability to create and customize hero and champion units. Hell, you can even customize regular units!I'm enjoying this one and relish the opportunity to once again support Stardock (the creators of Sins of a Solar Empire)."
76561197992436335,Recommended,228260,1379275,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,spidey555,"Excellent game, best game in the genre since Age of Wonders Shadow Magic"
76561198047637890,Recommended,228260,35356004,Posted: 30 September,all,eyoung8887,"This is like a more updated version of Masters of Magic or Civilization with Magic, with equal emphasis on Construction, Magic, and technology.  I did have a few random crashes early on during play, but has been stable during the last 15 hours of play.I like the fact that you can set much of the world building options to random, so you get a surprise each game, though be warned, balance can be considerably destroyed..,but who said war was ever fair?  I don't believe I have had a game that everyone started out exactly equal to begin with.One option I really want would be multiplayer...even if it was just hotseat play on the same computer.Stardock is one of my favorite game companies, from way back.  I look forward to trying Sorcerer King."
