user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970978706,Recommended,228300,9470139,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,erdstapa,"There are many games that I love and some that I hate but never before I have played a game that made me love it and hate it at the same time. Remember Me is that game.Before we get to that some background is required. I finished it on easy and on hard difficulty, found every collectible, and did every achievement. I have spent 22 hours with it - yes, it's that short a game.Why do I hate it, you ask?I hate it for the promise of being something greater than what it is. I hate it for the linear design and poor controls. I hate it for being told what to do and not being allowed to find it for myself. This game holds your hand from beginning to end. There is a lot of collectibles to be found but they are easy to find. They grant you more health or power or unlock artwork but do not give you any additional information about the world. There is a lot of climbing and a lot of fighting, and some more climbing and some more fighting. Fighting is competent but pales in comparison to Batman Arkham Asylum. The climbing is boring. Don’t get me wrong, I love climbing in games, but it has to give you the illusion of choice and discovery like in Prince of Persia or Assassin’s Creed. Here you have only one route that is always obvious. The camera is lazy and stiff and does not help you at all. There is no puzzle, there is no discovery. Every ledge that you can grab is highlighted for you. You just climb and run and open doors to get to another fight.That's not a good recommendation is it? Well, I do recommend this game for the things that I love about it, which outweigh anything that I hate about it. And what is that, you ask?I love it for the story: this is one of the best sci-fi stories I have read, watched or played in my life. It's up there with Blade Runner, Ubik, Neuromancer, and Ghost in the Shell. It's philosophical, emotional, mature and a little too pompous for its own good. The dialogues can be a little too poetic and dramatic at times, but they still fit the story. I won’t give any spoilers, because the story is the true worth of this game.I love it for the music: this is a journey in itself, the music defies description. You just have to listen to it, especially how it changes during the fight.I love it for the graphics because the actual graphics deliver what is promised to us by the concept artists so many times and rarely delivered. We often see the beautiful concept art for games that we love and we hope they could look like the artist imagined, but we know that the technology is not there yet. In this case the programmers delivered. Using the Unreal 3 engine and DirectX 9.0 the programmers from DONTNOD show a vision of New Paris that will stay in your memory forever.And finally I love it for the ability to remix memories of other characters. It is such a powerful game mechanic it is a pity it was implemented so poorly. The game allows you to remix a crucial memory of four characters in the game but there is only one right solution. It is such a wasted opportunity for branching story. It would be fun to replay the game just to see how the story would unfold if the memory of a character was remixed differently. Well, maybe another time, eh?So should you play this game, you ask?YES, play it for the story and the sensual feast that it is! It's a unique experience that you will Remember for a long time."
76561198007024459,Recommended,228300,7748354,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rider339,"Remember Me is a very fun game in my opinion.First of all the positives:1. One of the biggest positives of the game is it's graphics. From the very start right to the end your treated with breathtaking views, wonderful scenery and some great detail. it's not perfect but it's certanly a lot better then most games I've played.2. Sound and music is another big positive. The music soundtrack is absolutly brillant and the way the music reacts to what is going on in combat is a nice feature. The sound effects are quite well done as well but the ambient background noise along with the great scenery work really well together to create a relistic enviroment that makes you want to explore.3.  It has a great story line and the game does well to help keep track on whats going on. The story has many plot twists and does a good job of making you think ""what's going to happen next?"" or ""who's the real enemy, Edge or Memorize?""4. Gameplay. Some people have complained about the combat system in this game but personally I like it, it involves timing your punches and kicks and remembering different combinations to pull off the biggest combos. On top of that you can customize the types of attacks you throw in those combos for example you might start with some regen pressons to heal yourself at the start then put some power pressons at the end to do big damage dealing attacks at the end of the combo.Another type of gameplay this game brings is a feature called memory remixing. At certain points in this game you have to remix someones memory and this involves going backwards and forwards in the memory to alter certain things at certain times to meet the required objective. It's a very nice feature that is fun and gets your brain thinking but it looses its charm slightly once you know how to succeed in them. Also they could of done with having more of them in the game.Sadly although it does have it's good bits, it does have bad bits as well.1. Controls. The biggest con is definetly the controls. They are very fiddly and Niln isn't exactly the best when it comes to turning and sometimes it can take a second for the controls to work which is a nightmare in this one perticular point where you have 1/2 second to react to things otherwise you die. The control problem can also be seen when your climbing around on walls as the camera sometimes confuses the game on where you want to go for example instead of going left it might send you down.2. Bugs. This game has quite a few and I've defiently come across a few game breaking bugs that have caused me to die or get stuck. Even the tutorial in the 1st memory remix can cause a bug as it stops you from altering the memory unless you do exactly what it says but it's very easy to stray slightly away from that and it has hit me twice already. Another bug that has happened was myself hopping out of a window (which your meant to do) but then I accidently climbed back in but the game treated it strangly and instead of putting me back in the room it glitched me through a wall and giving me the abillity to walk in the air which caused me to reload the last checkpoint.Overall if you look past the bugs and the fiddly controls it is a very nice and entertaining game and I certainly love playing it. Different people have had different reactions to this game but this is my overall opinion."
76561198055814197,Recommended,228300,15930820,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Krauvando,"TL;DR --> I will remember it.------------------------------------------------Once again, I've learned the lesson not to believe in official reviewers. This game was VERY nice and I'm gonna say why did it get all those mixed reviews.Before that, I'll just summer the game storyline in one paragraph so we can move on into a more interesting debate: Remember Me takes place in Paris, year 2084. In this context people has developed into a point where memories can be digitally stored and even modified, both good and bad ones. At this point of the history, some people gets full control of all those memores storage and hierarchy is still a never-ending conflict. You take control of Nilin, a young girl who lost her memories without knowing why (obviously) and wakes up into a prison cell. I won't speak more because of spoilers.Now the pros, cons, and specially why I disagree with official reviewers.- First of all, the mechanics of the game are simplistic and nothing innovative at all. Combat system is nothing from the other world and even though you can create your own combos the feature is not as squeezed as it could. Moreover the camera movement can become your greatest foe at some points.However... honestly, who would care about those mechanics? Almost all new games are just a remix from others of the past. All action games are inspired by other action games, just like FPS games (which is the best example). Was someone actually looking for something new in the combat system? As long as controls are tight and responsive, I'm OK with that. And they are in this game, so just move along.- Graphics are very beautiful. The city is astoundingly cool and I didn't expect to find this mixed aesthetics between old-fashioned, modern and cyberpunk. If you go for minor bugs, invisible walls and locked doors, you'll find plenty. But seriously, this game was crafted to follow a story, so why the hell would you enter into a clothes shop anyway?- Soundtrack is awesome. A mix between orchestra and future music suits perfectly, and so it's demonstrated into this game. It's a very cool feature and you probably won't be disappointed with it.- Average difficulty is insultingly easy. I've played action games on Easy mode harder than this game on the hardest settings. Chill out a bit and for your dignity just pick hard difficulty from start 'cause you won't have a trouble.- As I said, camera can be problematic. I'm fine that during the exploration, climbing and jumping parts the camera moves for me so it focuses on where should I be looking at, but during combat and some specific times it is just killing.- Length is OK. I've just beated the main story in about 9h, and I'll probably need another 3-5h to get all the achievements. Just the average for a story-driven game.- The game is linear as hell. No submissions, no shortcuts, nothing. The game just drives you where it wants to, so if you're looking for a sandbox-like, look elsewhere. As for me, I'm OK when games are linear if I ALREADY KNOW they're gonna be one.- The story is very catchy and will keep you for more. It's the main feature of the game and at least for me in wasn't disappointing in any state. It won't be the best storyline you'll play in a videogame, but it's a good one. A GOOD one.All in all, Remember Me has been a very enjoyable experience and I wouldn't mind replaying the game. I seriously think that official reviewers can't enjoy games anymore. They just purchase them, grab their shotgun and instead of focusing on what's the purpose of a game, they simply try to find as many flaws as possible in order to make their ""objective"" analysis. FFS, if you look for flaws into this game, you'll find TONS OF; the thing is that no one should care at all. So stop looking for perfection in every aspect and play the game for the story.As I'm ignoring these mechanics garbage, I'll tell you what actually would make the game not that enjoyable to you:- The most remarkable con I found is that the game constantly treats you like an idiot. It takes your hand in EVERY way, even on the climbing thing. There's no space for thinking; exploring; doubting; discovering. It's like you live in an endless tutorial. Hints are cool when you're familiarizing with the controls 'n' stuff but not for the WHOLE game!- [MAYBE SPOILER] The Memory Remix feature is incredibly interesting and sadly developers didn't take all the potential it had. I know you should just mix the relevant characters' memories, but goddammit it's so good it's actually THE THING that keeps you for more! I wish there were more stuff like this, since this is what can make me enjoy a triple A game.- Collectibles. I hate collectibles. They're usually an artificial way to keep you playing a game against your will so I put it as a con, as I'd do in any game.All in all, this game caught my attention way to much time ago and now that I've played it I don't regret any euro I've spent in it. I'm a fan of cyberpunk games and dystopian backgrounds and this game has been a drug to me. In a good way. Don't let official reviewers fool you: this game is very cool and they're focusing their analysis in an unfairly biased way.Final Mark: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,12595029,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Ducky,"Don't let the 'thumb down' fool you. I wouldn't recommend it for the current price, but I also wouldn't tell anybody to never play it. It's nice to see a game with a female protagonist who's actually well written. I just have mixed feelings about thegame.I've played this game on PS3 and now I'm doing another playthrough on PC and I thought my opinion would change, but it hasn't. Remember Me is (unfortunately) one of those games that should've been great but instead it was... average.I'll start what I personally disliked the most: the combat. There's a great idea in there somewhere, putting together your own combos like that and in the first 2 chapters I enjoyed it. But it stays the same pretty much throughout the whole game and it soon becomes tedious. It becomes a chore, something you have to get through in order to move the story forward. The fact that I dislike the combat so much is really overshadowing the game's great protagonist and story, because combat comes back so often. Unlike memory remixes, which really only happen a few times (which is odd).As for the rest, I'll sum them up in pros and cons. Starting with the pros:+ Great protagonist. Nilin is a well-written character. She's not forced to be sexy or witty. She's just a strong, smart character. I really enjoyed her monologues after each chapter. (Why isn't she a poet?)+ Edge is another good character (who should just become a poet). At first, I did not understand his purpose in the game but it all becomes clear in the end.+ Beautiful environment.+ Memory mixes.Cons:- Unenjoyable combat. I wouldn't necessarily call it 'bad', but it's just... not satisfying at all. And the fact that there's a fight pretty much every few minutes does not help the matter.- Pretty much zero interaction with environment. Neo-Paris is (probably) a wonderful place to be. It's beautiful, it's alive. Also, all the stores are closed. Those who are open do not allow you to get in. You will not be able to wander off to that crowd of protestors, or talk to the woman who mutters something about you as you walk by. This game is basically forcing you to take a linear approach (aside from the few collectibles there are to gather).- Not enough memory mixes!That's about all I can say about this game. It was such a promising idea and I still consider Nilin and her story to be great, it's just unfortunate that she's in a game that's unenjoyable to play.I'll probably work on finishing the game anyway, and getting some achievements. I guess that's typically Dutch! I paid for it, so I'm gonna play it."
,Recommended,228300,13803775,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TopHATTwaffle,"I'll put my TL:DR first. This is a great game with a very interesting, fresh, story. Don't go in expecting and amazing combat system, but it'll do for this game. Constantly got chills down my spine. Come for the world and story, stay for punching and kicking faces into the ground.Okay, so more details...What this game does well (IMO):It tells a great,compelling storythat you can very easily get engrossed in for about9 hours of single player, story mode game play. This is ahand-to-hand focusedcombat game. There is a ranged weapon that is also a game mechanic.Thegame playis good. The game does a very good job at making you feel like abad♥♥♥♥♥/b] when you're fighting 7v1. The targeting is basically automatic, yet you feel like you have control over who you want to hit. Then you go and punch their face into the ground.This game has good visuals. When I say visuals I mean the graphics and aesthetic. The graphics in the game are pretty good. There are complex scenes that seem vast and large. They look amazing the entire time. Does not even bog down my computer for what seems like entire cities being rendered. At no time did I feel they skimped on the visuals, except at times when you'd get close to a player texture. The quality is good, but not ""oh my god, this is fantastic.""Theaesthetic(different the graphics) is very good. They keep to the same style through out the entire game. You visit a few places, and they seem to be done very well. They are engaging and full of life at all times.The art team did very well here.What the game does wrong.There are a few things that the game does wrong. The number one thing for me is:THE CAMERA MOVEMENT IN THIS GAME IS SO CRAPPY IT BREAKS IMMERSION.Seriously, it's hard to look up and see what you want to see. Let alone see what the art team has created for you to explore. Most of the time I found myself looking at the ground.Due to thebad camera, movement at times can be tricky. This leads to some bad deaths, or just getting frustrated at the game.Some of this game isscaling walls / parkor?. The system for this is meh at best. You don't ever do it in combat, so it's not like you're getting angry at it a lot.OverallI really enjoyed this game. Multiple times during the story I got chills down my spine. The story drags you in, and keeps you there. As long as the bad camera does not drag you out of the story, you can be sure that you'll enjoy thisenriching, vast, worldas you punch and kick faces into the pavement!"
,Recommended,228300,1114045,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"I picked Remember Me up during the Summer Sale for something like £5 and feel it was a lovely bargain. The game is set against a neo-futuristic Paris, with a civil war brewing over the use of dodgy memory machines which are causing havoc.The game feels a heck of a lot like it took a lot of inspiration from Deus Ex, and that's a great thing. The game feels like a very very very linear Deus Ex (emphasis on very, this game is on rails).The fighting can get a bit tedious, but after completing it on the hardest difficulty in 9 hours I can say that some points provided a significant challenge and the story was very enjoyable.For the first game by a new studio, it's very impressive. Can't wait to see what they make next!Nilesy"
,Recommended,228300,11754168,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"There are 3 things that make Remember Me a memorable game:1) Fighting: Although technically you just keep pressing a button, timing is important and the combos themselves are put together by you. It is not really the punch or kick you pick but their ""type"" - some will heal you but cause less damage, others increase your Focus bar so that you can unleash special attacks once it is full and there are those that can break some enemies' defenses. It is very rewarding to have your own moves and you unlock some special attacks even towards the end of the game. Remember Me remembers to remain new and original.2) Be Kind, Rewind: Occasionally you get to see a cutscene, a memory of someone who is vital to the story. This is a memory you can tamper with. Why? Because it is important for that person to remember something else. To remember that it happened in a different way. You start moving your mouse clock- or anticlockwise (depending on whether you want to go back or forward during the short film) and try to look for glitches, items you can tamper with. And once you make the changes the memory may turn out to be a completely different experience. This is an amazing feature and my only issue with it is that only a couple were included in the story.3) The environment / story: This is a believable world, a world full of leaping creatures in alleyways, sewers and full of robots / drones doing the daily chores in shops and various facilities. You notice ATM machines offering cash in exchange for memories. And when you get to climb up and reach the rooftops as you finally leave behind the dark slums you spot the Eiffel Tower. It looks the same in 2084 but its gleaming whiteness is in contrast with the riots and struggle and sadness happening on the streets of Paris. You, Nilin, are tasked to solve this problem. While at first the game wants you to find out who you are it gradually incorporates more elements of this new world into the story and makes Nilin realise who she is and what exactly is the Big Picture.Easily a must grab for sci-fi fans. Pick it up if you are eager to get your hands on something original. In the meantime, Remember You Soon!"
76561198009663552,Not Recommended,228300,2588869,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,QU1N7,"Its alright.Very cinematic, shiny, with alot of polish VISUALLY.  Story is strong.  Above average.Game pacing is wonky and the controls are unbearable unless played with a controller.The game is extremely linear.  There are a few collectables (standard increase health, increase mana stuff) but the game is such a straight line that the collectables (that might be in the occasional closet) don't increase game value OR replayability.Game length is around 8 hours (sans dicking around).To make this clear, your in this for the story, that may be about it.At the time of writing Remember Me is $49.99.  I would reccomend not picking it up at this price, and perhaps waiting for a Steam Sale.Enjoyable.  I finished it for the story, and the graphics, but suffered through the pacing, linearity and controls.B"
76561197970495096,Recommended,228300,14799717,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Shawn,"I think this game is underrated.  It is a beautiful cyberpunk game that has a little bit of everything - good story, strong female lead, interesting characters, detailed environment, puzzles, platforming, combat system with customization, and creative elements.   I can understand some of the complaints about repetitiveness of combat and linear levels, but other good story-driven games are like that too.   I guess it is a matter of perspective.   If you are like me and don't finish games in one sit-down, those complaints probably won't matter much.  I actually couldn't wait for my next break so I could continue the story.  On sale, this game is a steal imho."
,Recommended,228300,14246800,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"I truly enjoyed this game!  There are so many things to like here; the noir cyberpunk story, the amazing visuals, Nil herself, the boss fights, and the innovative memory editing feature. This is the type of game that totally takes you on an adventure and makes you care about the characters.  Its a good mix of platforming, puzzle solving, and fighting.My only complaints are I thought the fighting is a little meh and setting up your powers and modifications correctly can be a pain sometimes.  I also found a couple boss fights to be tricky/buggy.I highly recommend this game, I think its an underrated treasure! :D"
,Recommended,228300,12335690,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mork,"well it's obviously a gorgeous game --- the character models, acting and mocaps are exquisite! ...and it's still in DX9, can you believe it? besides borderlands, this has got to be the apex of what DX9 can do.storywise, it's like a spin off omar naim's 'the final cut' (look it up if you get a chance).now the gameplay is where people might find the cons on this title --- we've seen other capcom fighting games, yeah? well it's nothing like any of those... this one couldn't make up it's mind whether it's gonna be like batman's arkham series or bungie's vintage fighting game 'oni'.think of batman in the arkham series; except you can't counter attack... THAT's this game.now logicly, it makes sense coz the female protagonist nilin is barely 120lbs (?) in built and size... if you know martial arts, there's nothing for it but to run and dodge coz your stature ain't gonna counter those massive blows from enemies twice your build.oh btw, sometimes the keybinds does not register as well as it should so that's a con too.but overall, it's still a gem.pick it up if you see it on sale!"
76561198130280445,Recommended,228300,29045673,Posted: 5 January,all,fanny,"I played this game without knowing what it was about. It seemed like a shooter game but I was surprised to see that the game was closer to be a fighting game, I adore both genres. The plot was so original along with an excellent soundtrack. I also love the main character. I really recommend this game. As the name of the game is ""Remember Me"" of course I will remember it"
,Not Recommended,228300,12068208,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"Mixed feelings is the best way to describe my experience withRemember Me.On one side, cinematography/direction is great, good voice acting(for the most)& interesting story, all woven together into a visually impressive futuristic cyberpunk world of Neo-Paris.On the other side, it’s supremely linear, repetitive & predictable.The combat system tries to be innovative but simply becomes a button bashing exercise. It provides options to create your own combos using different types of attacks. Some may like this level of freedom, but there are multiple points in the game where you need to choose the 'right' combos to get through the fight. This can become frustrating, not to mention also that many of the smaller enemies need 20 .. 30 .. or more hits to take them down unless you use your 'focus' power abilities. Boss fights are more enjoyable, employing different tactics but there are not that many of them compared to the grind of meaningless mob fights. Unlike the excellent combat system in DMC (also from CAPCOM), you generally feel weak & under-powered.After each mob fight scene, you generally have some more 'on-rail' corridors to run down followed by some short 'Tomb Raider' style climbing sections. Rinse & Repeat till a boss fight or cut-scene. Nothing challenging in traversing the world either, and I kept wondering why Nilin had to climb everywhere! Sure she is on the run, but still seemed excessive & out of place sometimes. Almost to the point where they are just trying to cash in on the heroine action/adventure success of Lara Croft (but not really pulling it off).There is next to zero interaction or exploration within this beautiful world which was also a shame and the main character animations of Nilin where pretty basic, not really giving her much personality or detail.On a more positive note, the real standout feature that is very unique & fun to experience is theMemory Remixing. This alone was almost enough to giveRemember Mea 'Thumbs Up'. Yet these are rare & short-lived, and only get one of these every few hours of play. Really wish this was more a main reoccurring feature since they really executed this perfectly!I found it hard to get emotionally involved with Nilin or any of the supporting characters. Story drives forward at a good pace via the cut-scenes, but little is done to give the characters depth or clear rational/reasoning to much of their actions. For someone who has lost all her memories she seems quick to trust others without any real questions or concerns. On writing this I have played about 30-40% through the game so perhaps this improves in the closing parts of the story, but the game has become boring for me so I am unlikely to continue further.All-in-all, I will remember this game as one that wasso closeto becoming really great; interesting blend of many familiar science fiction themes/ideas yet not enough differences to make it truly unique. A game dogged by artificial limitations & repetition in the design, which really detract from the experience. May still be worth grabbing if you are into the genre(only at a good price), but I honestly feel this would have made a better movie than a game!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,228300,19205333,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,N Quarter,"Remember Me is the First Project by the French Developers DONTNOD Entertainment, and are certainly shaping up to be a very successful Team with 2 outstanding Games [Life Is Strange]. It has certainly got me excited for the 3rd Game rumoured to be released in 2017 ""Vampyr"".The Game takes place in Futuristic Paris, and comes with a very unique and interesting Story, with some solid Visuals to take in. For the first half of the Game, I found myself to be walking through the streets purely to take in the sights of Neo Paris. As Beautiful as it looks, I just wish it had more interaction to it.It is heavily Story driven with a unique and interesting setting, topped with some very nice Voice Acting. The handful of Characters it has won't be seen much, but they were still well made, and fit in perfectly.I read many comments about how ""Linear"" the Combat is, and personally, Action Games are my least Favourite so I decided to play it on Easy so it was less painful for me. However, I found the Combat very interesting, and more importantly, fluent.Most Games have their general ""Rotation"" for best DPS, and I find this Combat System to be no different from that except you don't have freedom to ""Button Mash"". Infact, you have the ability to Edit the Combo's to add certain effects to each blow. Besides the Normal Combat, you also have a collection of Special Abilities to counter certain Enemies.The Combat reminds me a bit of Assassins Creed. Being surrounded by Enemies, and having to dodge an incoming attack while fighting through, with some allowing a finishing blow ""Overload"". Difference being that unlike Assassins Creed, you don't have the whole Group standing around waiting while 2 Attack you at a time. In Remember Me, ALL of them are going for you, and you need to always be thinking about your position, which Combo to use on who, and which Ability to use on who.My only dislike I have for the System is that you only get a total of 4 Combo's to Edit, unless you buy the DLC. However, it's not a big problem at all because 4 is definitely enough to get by.Besides the Action side of it, it's main focus involves jumping from ledge to ledge with a Waypoint every 10 Meters [which at first I didn't like, but dealt with it]. It has a couple of simple Puzzles, and a few interesting Riddles which I enjoyed, as well as the a few unique scenes to alter Memories.All in all, Remember Me was a very solid experience in all aspects.Genre- Action / AdventureGame Elements- Combat- Quick Time Events- PuzzlesAverage Playthrough- 9 HoursLiked- Interesting and Unique Story- Interesting Combat- Great Main Character- Nice Voice Acting- Beautiful settingDisliked- Needed more Environment Interaction"
76561197983740996,Not Recommended,228300,12647046,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Chane,"'Remember Me' is a work of art, a wonderful game with only one problem - it's no fun to play.Positive:- great graphics- fantastic music- strong atmosphere- very good story- innovative- extremely detailed worldNegative:- gameplay, it's simply no fun to playFighting is quite repetitive and more often frustrating. Some enemies are invisible, some deal damage to yourself if you hit them. Each boss fight has a certain pattern you have to find out and learn before you can beat the enemy. The game has many key-combinations you have to memorize.Manipulating other peoples memories is time consuming and annoying. Detecting aspects you can change in someones memories is a tiring process and finding the right combination of memory aspects to change to achieve a specific change is even more tiring.It is obvious that the developers have put a huge amount of work and effort into the game and they created something very unique and beautiful. Nevertheless, I can not recommend the game because I asked myself several times when it finally will be over. I loved the story, Paris 2084 is simply adorable, the music is fantastic but I can not recommend 'Remember me'. Sorry!"
,Recommended,228300,13441443,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,siddichan,"What a beautiful setting. What a mediocre, disassociated story. What flat, unimpressive characters. What a terrible camera. What annoyingly linear gameplay.This is a game you will love for its setting, want more from its setting, wish this setting was elaborated in an unending series of novels, and made its way into a TV series that got cancelled 3 seasons in.  It is just so frustratingly beautiful.I recommend it so you will develop a tragic love-hate relationship with it like I did."
,Not Recommended,228300,12982631,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Chipolla,"On one hand, the premise sounds great and the story seems cool and everything. It's very beautifully done too. The trouble is there isn't very much fun because while the areas all look rather exciting you can't explore them. There's a fixed path you follow and you can't even climb a wall just because it isn't on this particular path that leads you to your quest. The plot also stops being interesting after a while when you are just sent out on quests that are loosely tied to your overall objective.In general it's a rather cool game, but it's not something that one must absolutely have, and it's certainly not going to be a game I would bother playing again."
,Recommended,228300,16111046,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,rektBBQ,"Great story, Great combat, Beautiful graphic.Keyboard/mouse sucks in this game. Controller makes it 100x easier.Even though I paid $5 for it, I wouldnt mind paying full price for it."
,Recommended,228300,30206849,Posted: 26 February,all,Howlux,"I would definitely recommend, but 1-2 times, because the game, in my subjective opinion a little snug and monotonous gameplay. I want to add: the environment is done perfectly, everything looks good for 2013. Soundtracks: there are some good soundtracks, but in the end more of them. The venue of the games, this new Paris, it is such a futuristic city, some places are very strongly reminded of Mass Effect, the developers pay attention to small details. From Nilin beautiful figure, I think even the girls noticed it. Story: I won't spoil, but the story is awesome. The only thing that upset is that you could push the wrong ability.7/10"
,Recommended,228300,12096126,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Unraveling the mysteries behind Remember Me story can be convoluted at times. Players take on the role of Nillin, a memory hunter who has, in fact, had her memory stripped away. She begins the game stumbling down a hallway as a mysterious voice comes over a communication device to break her out. Over the course of the experience, discovering Nillin’s past, and why the evil corporation MEMORIZE is in fact so, well evil, pushes the player forward.The story is complex, and confusing more often than not. Performances operate at both ends of the spectrum. While Nillin comes across fantastic, some of her supporting cast lack the emotion necessary for certain sequences. There are some cheesy bosses and eye-rolling dialogue, but for the most part, I enjoyed the alternate take on the genre. The world of Neo-Paris is what sells the experience though. Each area is crafted with such lush detail that it is hard not to stop and take notice. The lights of the Eiffel Tower glisten in the distance, while the flooded streets below give that sense of defeat. This is a wonderful world that I was wishing I could explore more.Remember Me is a “by-the-books” third-person action game akin to Assassin’s Creed or  Mirror’s Edge. The influences of both of those game sin particular are prevalent throughout the entire experience. The gameplay consists of a heavy mix of platforming and combat, both of which are distributed evenly with a great pacing from start to finish.Combat is where things really get interesting. On the surface, it feels like any other hand-to-hand system. Comparisons to the Rocksteady Batman titles are inevitable, but Dontnod mix it up with a customizable combo system. The Combo Lab is a unique take on the idea by opening up strings of button presses that can be customized with four separate types of attacks. Visually the game looks great running on max settings on the PC. The textures are fantastic, and Neo-Paris really comes alive. The soundtrack is amazing. There are no better words for it. Composer Olivier Deriviere has crafted one of the most memorable scores I can recall. Unfortunately, the game picked up some bad habits along with the good ones adopted from the marquee titles in the genre. The camera in particular leaves a lot to be desired. The combat in the game can become very frantic and fast-paced; you need to be able to see what is going on at all times. That isn’t always possible as the camera likes to zoom in on the action at random times. In any case,I loved my time with the game, and would recommend it to anyone looking for something completely outside the box. Overall 8/10."
,Recommended,228300,9507592,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Crazy Hamster [ru],"I think it is the best cyperpunk game after Deus Ex. Of course it is just an action and not a full featured RPG but it has good story, fantastic world, cool actors and soul. This game has a soul like some old school games have."
,Recommended,228300,12275641,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,☠Afro Punk🐴🎮,"The combat for this game can turn off a person right from the start, since it comes off as being your basic button mashing fair. A person that choose to stick with this game will find a more deeper experience with Remember Me, the further you get. The platforming aspect is pretty much cliche for this kind beat em up action game, but its not to the point of annoyance, thanks to the jumping indecators, that sometimes guide you to your destination.One of my complaints for this game is the camera controls during combat and during the platforming segments. You'll find yourself constantly fidgeting and fighting with the camera, to get the right view of your battle area. I sometimes find the camera will hover above the characters head, to where you'll pretty much just see Nilin's hair. you'll sometimes miss a que of a enemy, to where it will result in you taking damage.The story is decent, the gameplay is decent, the graphics are great aside from your regular texture pop-ins. The feeling of being in a futuristic world (Neo-Paris) is there, though the linear experience kind of hinder you a bit. i found myself wanting to explore the world more in this game.This game is definitly worth the purchase for people who want take a break from first person genre thats populated on Pc."
,Not Recommended,228300,24496104,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Static,"Briefly, this is not the game about the memory hunting.The gameplay is shallow and pretty straightforward: run along the scripted route, meet an open area, defeat 2-3 enemy waves, repeat. There are no enemies (or friends) in the game world except those scripted areas, this world is empty. There aren't any choices, just the script rails. The ""Secret locations"" are always just two meters away from your route. The most promising feature of the game - memory remixing - occures only 4 times...  and in fact it is all scripted as well: no choices, no shortcuts, no free will.Pros:- design, artwork and atmosphere - just great. 11/10.Cons:- heavily scripted gameplay, no interaction with the game world aside from the scenario- lots of cliche, shallow and unconvincing characters- nothing special about the game itself, it feels like playing some reskinned console ""beat'em up""- camera is awful"
,Not Recommended,228300,22603527,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"I just completed this game and find myself perplexed by it. The visual style of it was pretty darn impressive, both artistically and graphically, to an extent. Most of the voice acting was good enough, and I had very few glitches and only one crash I can recall. Why, then, am I not recommending the game? Well, because those are the only good things I can really say about the game from my experience, except perhaps that it was a good idea that did not turn out well.Is this an awful game? No. However, the game fails almost entirely on its gameplay, explaining the world you're in, and the plotline itself. The gameplay largely consists of much crappier versions of activities other games have already done. Did you think the modern Tomb Raider or Uncharted games did a decent enough job of climbing sections? Well, Remember Me does a far crappier version of these. Perhaps you thought the Batman Arkham games had some enjoyable third person brawling combat? Get ready for a very poor man's version of that system. Not only that, but the game is set in a sci-fi location where memories and tech are everything...in presentation, at least. In actuality, 90% of your controntations in the game are punching and kicking the crap out of stuff.In regard to the game explaining the world you're in, they just didn't even try to have a coherent set of rules for this future setting. You can alter memories, but it's only important maybe 5 times in the entire game. There are ""execution"" moves you can pull off that don't kill enemies but do a blast to their head. The game never tells you exactly what this does. It's implied that it messes with their memories. There is more involving stealing memories as well as having a hologram arm thing that shoots projectile energy...but it doesn't seem to have a port to fire the energy or anything like that. The technology is never explained and feels terribly out of place. It -looks- nice, but this game's only positives tend to be graphical. The plot of the game largely relies on various pieces of technology and things these pieces of technology do, when you're still trying to grasp what this tech does, and there are mutant things you fight which the game does a terrible job of explaining what they are as well. This is one of the most poorly constructed games as far as explaining how stuff works in that universe, that I've ever seen.Remixing memories is decent enough, but by the last two times I had to do it, I was well past the point where I wanted the game to be over. The game has 8 chapters, the last of which is super short, but by the time I was finishing chapter 5, I was very ready for the game to be over. If not for the game's visual presentation, the fact I paid for it, and that I really like science fiction settings, I do not believe I ever would've mustered the willpower to complete this game. I doubt I will ever play it again, as trying another game or replaying any of dozens of better games was a far better use of my time than this.Since the visual look of the game is its strongest point, I'd actually recommend that if you want to enjoy this game, that you just watch a few Youtube videos to see the city and everything. It looks great. That's about all there is to really like about the game, though. In a few years when graphics are far better in so many other titles, this game will have nothing it does better than other games, so I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,228300,12013508,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,krip,"This game is for:- players that enjoy great narrative and can compromise gameplay- avid sci-fi fans- cg junkies- artsy hipsterish gamers (whatever that means)This game is not for:- players that enjoy deep mechanics and rich gameplay options- players that prefer open worlds and multiple paths they can progress- tasteless hatersI fell in love in Remember Me since I first saw the trailer. Now after completing it, I am even more mesmerized by it. It`s amazing!The story is great and would be appreciated a lot by sci-fi lovers. The music, made by some crazy genius mixing contemporary classics and breakcore, suits it incredibly well. And the visuals... OH THE VISUALS! This is the most beautiful game I ever played. For real. The concept, the design, the detail, EVERYTHING, I feel speechless to describe. You must see it ot believe it.Many people hate the combat system, but actually it`s not that bad. I used only the first two combos trough the whole game - X-X-X and Y-X-Y-X-Y. It`s true it gets little repetitive, but it`s definitely not a random mashing of buttons. It was able to even get me in somekind of meditative state in the long battles. It`s really arcade-ish and strange in a way.The main character - Nilin is not you usual pumped up sexualized bimbo. On the opposite she is emotional, strong and intelligent and it`s not hard to get under your sking because of what she is and not how she looks.Be careful before buying Remember me, though. This game is extremely linear and scripted. As well as the most beautiful it is also the most scripted game I ever played. There is always only one option and you can never get out of the scenario.Actually I would say this is more like a graphic novel with elements of gameplay : D If you don`t have problems being led by the nose from the game creators and you want to experience a great story and amazing visuals - don`t hesitate and play this game!"
,Recommended,228300,12699711,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Toxic League,"Remember Me has all the elements to be an AAA title. The graphics are absolutely stunning, the story feels original and fresh, there's fantastic voice acting, good music and sound, and the gameplay is fluid. It's really quite a treat of an action adventure game. In my book, this is a must play title.Although it felt a little foreign at first, the remixing of memories is implemented really well offering a unique element to the game. There is also a combo customization element in which the player can customize abilities like healing, power cooldowns, or extra damage. For example if you like using your memory powers more often you can customize to add more cooldown abilities or if you seem to take damage often you can add more healing powers. It requires player interaction throughout the game as you unlock more upgrades, but I think some sort of default arrangement would have been fine for most players. The combo order in terms of punches and kicks never changes. There are also a few hidden objects placed around the small maps for health and power upgrades in addition to artwork unlocks.No game is without flaws and Remember Me definitely has a few, although nothing game breaking. The camera look sensitivity was the one aspect that annoyed me the most. For whatever reason the vertical mouse look and horizontal mouse look sensitivities are set differently making the vertical movement slower. This made it ridiculously painful to look up and down throughout the entire game, and was especially annoying during combat. There was nothing in the menu system to allow me to compensate for this. On top of that, the combat aspect itself is quite shallow, limited to punching, kicking, and dodging using up to four different attack combos. And even though you get a range ability later on, it takes a while to charge so it never really becomes a factor.The game is completely linear with almost no interaction to the external world other than climbing ladders or gripping ledges and they dumbed down the platforming aspect such that it literally indicates exactly where you need to go for each jump. As a puzzle game lover, I typically despise games that have to hold your hand the whole way.Despite the minor flaws, I thoroughly enjoyed the overall story this game delivered."
,Recommended,228300,13152883,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,rosie,"I played this game in two sittings over two days. I've never finished a game (besides portal) that quickly. I loved Nilin, she was a very diverse character. I could connect with her throughout many points in the story. The small clues that eventually led up to the, well, two big reveals, I definitely didn't pick up on until I really thought back on it. The fighting was a tad bit difficult to learn and VERY repetitive, but the story made up for that. All in all, I REALLY liked it.Note that most thumbs down reviews don't have many hours logged. Trust me, there's a reason: at first, the game is a bit uninteresting and slightly boring, but as you play, it becomes a LOT better. If you don't look at the game critically, it's fun and easy to play once you get the hang of it.My only real complaint is the repetitiveness of the boss fights and not being able to explore much. Neo-Paris is so gorgeous that I would have loved to just get lost in the city. I also would have liked more to do with the memory remixing.It's a hugely story driven game, so if you like that kind of thing, this is definitely the game for you! (as long as you're cool with some combat too).Ease of play: 8/10The concept of fighting is easy to grasp, but can be repetitive and annoying that it just frustrates the crap out of you. It's a relatively easy game; your paths are clearly pointed out for you and the game gives lots of helpful tips. It's easy, yes, but is it a bit... too easy? Maybe.Graphics: 7/10I ran this game on Windows XP with the minimum graphics card. With all settings on medium, honestly, the game looked fantastic. I'm sure it would look even better on a computer with higher specs. I rated this aspect from my personal experience with the game. YMMV.Story: 7/10I loved the concept, and the story is a HUGE part of Remember Me. I loved learning about Nilin and Edge, and the two major plot twists at the midpoint and end of the game honestly shocked me. It was a bit boring at some times, but overall, it was fun to learn about the world of Neo-Paris and uncover the secrets behind Memorize and the Sensen technology.Overall: 7/10I liked Remember Me a LOT, and I think it's an underrated game. If you're not sure, wait until the price drops (I personally got it for $8 and it was VERY MUCH worth it. I would pay the current price ($30) if I had to.) The visuals are stunning, the characters are intersting, and the story is fantastic. If you're willing to overlook the repetive gameplay, pick up this game!"
,Not Recommended,228300,8197398,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Whiskers,"Extremely linear, was completely different from the pre-release trailers and teasers, pre-purchased this game and was let down.The city is empty unless the game allows there to be specific people for given moments. I found the game very boring as i often just found myself running around being told where to go, where to climb or fighting my way through hordes of robots etc. for me this game had potential but was let down. Graphics are great and the memory remixing brings a fresh experience to the game but again this game gets boring fast.It takes on average 7-8 hours to complete with collectables which are fairly easy to find so no challenge there and there's no temptation to replay with the new story mode feature once completed as i feel it would be a waste of time.4/10 - Recommended only buy if under £10"
,Recommended,228300,12908603,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[hlife] Hotdog,"There's a lot to like to this one, but although I would recommend it, it still leaves much to be desired.The concept is interesting and pretty unique. It is very linear and story-driven, but it doesn't utilise the core mechanic of memory remixing much at all. At it's core it's a third-person fighting game with some shooting tacked on. The combat mechanics were average at best despite the pressens adding an interesting touch. Shooting is sloppy thanks to a sluggish and unresponsive camera and some mechanics were badly interpreted for a mouse/keyboard player.This is a console port though, so that's why it has these problems with controls. Despite this though, I got used to it and didn't end up grumbling too much in-game from control-related failures.The story is very good though, but I won't spoil. The dystopian future is pulled off very well with some amazing level design with very few complaints. They even tried a bit of a puzzle element, which was completely out of place but a cute effort.I do recommend this game. It's not a 'must play', but it certaintly is a'should play'."
,Recommended,228300,11773738,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Paper Tiger,"The Good:- Story, characters, and setting are all developed excellently- Spectacular visuals (both environment and animation)- Great sound - voice acting and soundtrack are high qualityThe Bad:- Combat system is very hit-or-miss (you either enjoy it or hate it)- Limited replay value outside of searching for collectibles- Caters to fans of adventure rather than actionRemember Me is honestly a gem of a game; I've spent time replaying both the complete story mode and individual levels, and each time, I find myself thinking, ""how is this game not more popular?""The conclusion I have come to is that while the overall quality of the game is very high, the general gameplay experience is very bent toward a certain kind of player, causing the game to be rather polarizing.This game feels and plays very much like a Tomb Raider game (particularly the games before the reboot, i.e. Legend, Anniversary, Underworld). Like Tomb Raider, Remember Me involves a great deal of acrobatic platforming, an excellent story with deep characters, a fantastic soundtrack, and a kickass female protagonist.However, also like Tomb Raider, the combat falls short of many players' expectations, the replay value is based upon the player's interest in collectibles and/or interest in the game's world, and the mix of platforming and occasional puzzle solving will not be everyone's cup of tea.In many ways, the game evokes a sort of cinematic feel, with a great deal of the enjoyment coming from watching the characters and the story's events unfold. Players looking for fast-paced action or a highly customizable experience will likely not be satisfied with what this game brings to the table, but for others seeking an intricate story and overall enjoyable adventure, Remember Me is certainly a *memorable* experience ;) . . . Okay, I'll see myself out lol."
,Recommended,228300,34466663,Posted: 24 August,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"The art design (and music) is fantastic. I wish there was a Ghost In The Shell video game that looked that good.Unfortunately, this is the most linear game ever, and even knowing that this is a spectacle fighter, the combats are not that interesting once you figure out how to make a 800+ damage combos.I enjoyed it more than a lot of video games this year simply for the artistic direction and GREAT SCREENSHOT maker!"
,Recommended,228300,29215476,Posted: 12 January,all,Tfaltys,"This is a tough one to talk about.I was drawn to Remember me because I played Life is strange, fell in love with it and then had a more in depth look at the developers of that game (Dontnod) and in doing so came across this. There are plenty of ways the games are similar but they're very far from being a similar experience so don't come looking for a Life is strange fix.It's tough to talk about because I had a somewhat hard time getting into this game (multiple attempts) and then a somewhat non-enthusiast time getting through it. Yet at the same time there are a lot of aspects I want to praise first:+Great story (really comes into its own only at the end parts though)+Beautiful graphics+Well made world with its version of the future and lore+Surprisingly good combat system (one of the things that kept me coming back for more actually)+Good voice acting and animationsSo what was my problem?-The environments feel constricting and navigating them can be a bit awkward (You're teased with being Ezio Auditore whilst trapped in a highly linear environment and narrative)-A bunch of story elements seemed to me debatable and dubious-Whilst the story and world are well made, the environments also manage to largely feel grey and the majority of them are not memorableThose points and then there's the bit how collectibles are really hard to find... Really the negatives are more like subjective barriers that kept me from fully enjoying the positives rather than an entire side of the game. They could also be a result of me trying to compare Remember me to other games I've liked too hard and so having specific expectations.All in all there's definitely something to this one. It's fairly short so give it a chance"
,Recommended,228300,13569989,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,{- Remzo -},"""Underrated"" is a term that gets thrown around a lot, but in the case of Remember Me it is completely justified. With only 65 on Metacritic, I expected to have to wrestle with bad controls and wonky gameplay in order to experience the story and setting that initially interested me. Gameplay is great if you enjoy combat a la Batman or AssCreed but find that it's really not challenging in those games. I found myself having to change strategies and combos in reaction to new enemies thrown my way. The pacing is great throughout. The story is engaging. The set pieces are stunning and the game looks fantastic even on lower settings. All in all, took me about 10 hours on hard mode. Definitely recommended if you are even remotely interested in sci-fi/dystopian future settings."
,Recommended,228300,23491070,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KaiZettaSlow,"The first game from Dontnod Entertainment, and it's a good one.You play as Nilin, a Memory Hunter who has lost all of her memory by a company known as Memorize, which I won't go into for any spoiler reasons.This world takes place in Neo Paris in 2084 (Yeah, you have to put 'Neo' in front of everything that takes place in the future).  What's so special about Neo Paris? Well, pretty much everything is based off of memories, which are pretty much bought and sold for anyone's needs.I don't want to get too much more into the game's story as there are plot holes, plot twists and just some complicated stuff in it.The game can be summarized as a Beat Em' Up, similar to God Of War and such. But, I won't just summarize, I'll go into further detail. However, before I do I must admit that I never played with a Keyboard and Mouse, only a controller, so the ways I used to attack were the 'X' and 'Y' buttons.You use Pressens, which are used to make combos, and each pressen can have a certain effect. There's a Regen Pressen which regenerates any lost health, there's a Power Pressen that increases attack power of that hit, then there's the Cooldown Pressen which lowers the amount of time to wait for an S-Pressen to startup (I'll go into more detail on these in a minute), and finally the Chain Pressen, which increases the amount of Regen, Power, or Cooldown when linked to one of these. The max combo is 8-Hits, which honestly is kind of difficult to get in some situations. Each combo is started by the two attack buttons, and there are specific combos for each. Also, with the DLC Combo Lab pack, you can use moves from the Street Fighter series as combo finishers. It's a basic combo system, and fairly easy for me to understand and memorize.S-Pressens are special moves that can allow infinite attacks, a bomb, stunning, and even making robots fight for you. These are used with the Focus bar, a little blue box that fills up after attacks. Each S-Pressen has a cooldown time every time you use one, and that's where Cooldown Pressens kick in.There's also a weapon that allows you to shoot enemies and destroy robots that is very nifty and fun to use.Remember Me also has its fair share of puzzles, which can be easy or difficult, depending on how easy matching and listening is for you. And there's also parkour elements... which after a while become less cool, and more annoying and bland.Score:Controls: 8/10Music: 7/10Story: 7/10Voice Acting: 8/10Gameplay: 7/10Graphics: 9/10Total: 7.7/10It has its moments, and is definitely very fun for some moments, but it also has its downfalls. However, the graphics do look very nice, and complement the Steampunk feeling of the game."
,Recommended,228300,8429352,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MagicMumbo,"WOW! How can so many mainstream reviewers be wrong about this?Yes theres yellow markers on where to jump.Yes the characters do have some silly/odd names.Yes the combat feels light and nothing like BATMAN: AA & AC.But the main question is does this detract from the game making it not worth playing? Hell no!The combat is light and fluid just like the main protaganist Nilin so it fits the character very well. While some may find it annoying that your combos do get broken mid-flow by having to dodge other incoming attacks thats how street fights go. While you combo to death one baddie do you expect his four friends to take a break, order coffe and read the local paper, all while you pummel his face and body with your fancy moves? If you say ""Yes!"" to this then may I suggest something more like  Cooking Mama™, an EA game or a trip to the boxing gym so you can flail on a punching bag. The combat if fast, fluid and most importantly entertaining. The fact that you can edit your combos mid-fight to help heal or reduce your timers is very helpful in a pinch.The visuals are totally fantastic. The atmosphere oozes throughout the game from the slums of District 404 to the heavenly hights of Neo-Paris. Some of the areas are nothing more than fancy corridors linking one part to the next but I found myself walking through instead of running like i could have. Looking around at all the little details hidden in plain sight from the puddles on the floor, items on tables, robots doing their thing and street vendors selling their wares. What I found was a vivid living world pulling me in. Even the ""journal entries"" are interesting. Adding to the game instead of distracting from it. The yellow markers for the jumping sections do look odd but if they were not there in some areas you wouldn't know where to go  and would leed to alot of wondering around with that ""Where do I go now?"" expression. An option to turn these off would have been nice touch for those who don't like them.While remixing peoples memories I found meself engrossed in almost every detail. I found myself wondering how I would react if these were my memories being alterd. Would I be the man I am today? Would I turn to the dark side? These are fantastic ideas but as many reviewers have mentioned before me ""...there should have been more of theres segments...""As you may be wondering I really like this game and as you're reading this now I hope I have hellped you resolve some of the things that may have stopped you from buying this game before now. This is a game that will (hopefully) make you think about events in your life and the lifes of others. How these events if changed or stolen chould change the very person you are today. All while keeping you engaged in the story and wanting to progress to see what happens next is a good thing and I would reccomend this to everyone. I'm just sorry that I put off buying this title and I hope to see Remember Me 2 in the future.SUBJECTIVE SUMMARY >> Well worth the money for a solid original game and story."
,Recommended,228300,12680161,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Papa Leon,"This is such an underrated game, the story and the settings are pretty impressive. Gameplay wise is decent. But overall it's a better than average game."
76561197981438417,Not Recommended,228300,8553745,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,syronth,"The combat system is just utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, especially later in the game. Unfortunately you can't just ignore it, even if you play as a ""scriptkiddy"" (easy mode), because there's no way to avoid the boss fights and they're getting harder and more frustrating nonetheless. ""Easy"" only means that you take less damage.At first it's okayish, you have combos and special stuff, looks solid. But later it's a mess, it just doesn't work anymore and it leads straight to constant and massive frustration. It feels like Batmans (AA/AC) combat system gone totally wrong. Instead of cool, tricky and satisfying melee fights you get a straight punch in your face every one or two seconds, which destroys any attempt to control the fight. Of course, you can jump around (and evade attacks) like crazy and kick some suckers here and there, but then it will take hours to end the boss fight (Boss plus his countless stupid minions). If this sounds incredible fun to you go ahead and grab a copy.I almost finished the game but just gave up then. I don't care whats next which is sad since the game art is one of its own kind. Even though I can't see the U-Engine anymore its pretty nice, shiny and pretty dirty as well. The story is more ""so la la"", I expected more. The setting goes imho a bit to far and feels to fantastic for a pure Sci-Fi setting. But well, the thing that breaks it for me is the combat system."
76561197970554803,Recommended,228300,23324147,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"The first game released by Dontnod and not an entirely bad one either. Funny enough, I played Life is strange without knowing who developed it and wondered why something seemed familiar....What is it? It\'s a 3rd person action/beat-em up/platformer set in the future. It has some heavy Bladerunner and Mirrors edge influences and you can tell from the color scheme.Graphically it\'s pretty decent for an U3 engine game, as you\'d expect and ran well for my rig. Some amazing city scapes, nice lighting and heavy reflections make this game look crisp and futuristic.Never mind the fact that you spend most of the time trudging through gritty lower level Paris neighborhoods and sewers but it makes the moments you are travelling though some very high tech looking areas more appreciated.The sound and music for some reason reminded me a little of the Tron 2.0 game from way back, it suits the game, especially during the combat sequences, very punchy.Speaking of combat, it\'s mostly hand to hand. You time your punches and kicks to form a chain (combo ), pre-determined by which button you press. See, using a gamepad, it would be something like xxx, or xyyxyy or yxyxy but the really great thing about this games combat is that you can program/create your own combo as long as it follows the button sequence. For example, pressens (damage, health, special attack cooldown and Multiply?) can be programmed to the button you press in the sequence. I could create an attack chain starting with damage, followed by health steal on the second hit, followed by a cooldown to my special attack on the third hit, then another damage and finish with multiply. Mix a combo any way you want! I mean it\'s not freeflowing like Batman Arkham games but it\'s close. And sadly that\'s also a bad point, there isn\'t enough combat or it\'s all or nothing.Sadly, the game space itself feels a little narrow and linear. A lot of the time you\'re walking down a hallway to turn into an open room to follow another hallway. The platforming is pretty dull and it felt like the game was holding you\'re hand a lot as you play through it. Never-the-less, the game looks amazing while you are walking around in a straightforward manner.It feels good to play though, very fluid movements as LONG AS YOU HAVE A GAMEPAD! I can\'t stress enough how much better it is to play with a controller. I much prefer using a keyboard and mouse with my games but I feel it\'s essential to play this particular game with a pad!The character movements are nice, very fluid! I\'ve walked up and down stairs so many times and I\'ve got to say they\'ve nailed movement nicely!So in a nutshell....OK combat, just not enough of it. Good music and sound effects. Fantastic graphics for an UE3 game. Story...ho hum, interesting concept with a couple of What the! moments.It\'s a great game, maybe under appreciated."
,Not Recommended,228300,13537004,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[GT]PEBCAK,"Everthing about this game is great right up untill you have to play it.  It looks good and it has one of the best sound tracks ""this gen"" but the combat is horrible . It's one of the worst if not the worst combat I've played in a third person brawler."
,Not Recommended,228300,13558071,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Cookie,"I bought this game being somewhat of a ""fan"" of Alain Damasio who is an awesome french writer and is co-founder of DONTNOD. He largely participed to the creation of the universe.Pros :-Fantastic art style. The augmented reality, remix scenes, the final episode, fight against Madame are great examples.-Solid utopia/dystopia with an excellent ending. Tiny things like people naturally saying ""Remember you soon"" in place of ""See you soon"" or clever blend words like ""Errorists"" or ""Mnemopolis"" add a lot of cohesion.Cons :-The gameplay is very rubbish : combat system is dull, ultra linear levels with nothing interesting to do but following a thread, the pace is boring... When you steal memories it just feels like you've reached point B and head to C as everything is scripted. When you use your powers to move a container it just feels like you're pressing buttons on your controller because the entire scenery is empty except for the said container.-Camera was ... ugh ...-Not enough remix scenes! c'mon this was the coolest thing to do! why so few?Conclusion :I am not sure video game was the right support to allow Remember Me to bloom and that's a shame. And in case you primarily wanted the pieces of lore ... well you have to thoroughly play the game *sigh*.Because of that I cannot recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,228300,26741676,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Wazat1,"Just finished it, and lord that was a frustrating journey.  Lots of good ideas, poorly executed.  It was also infuriating that every section of the game is almost completely linear, with only the occasional 12 meter side path for an item.  The whole game basically amounts to a straight line, with the occasional QTE or remedial activity to make it feel like less of a walking simulator during those sections.  Bunk climbing sections -- don't be fooled, they're linear and uninteresting too.  The combat was mildly interesting, but extremely limited.  *So much* untapped potential.  If only they'd done each feature a bit differently.And the combat QTEs were frustrating and made battle even less fun.If you can get it cheap and you're very patient, this game tells an interesting story and hints at a very interesting world, but make sure you're okay with only getting a small sample of it.  In retrospect I'm kinda glad I played all the way through for the story, but only for the story, and only barely."
,Not Recommended,228300,13062899,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MarioMetroid,"Lemme start this off with the positive aspects of the game.I love the setting, which might be due to my having a soft spot for cyberpunk.The aesthethic is beautiful, the orange/white color contrast works well and is integrated into the architecture, posters, graffitti, Sensens, and just about everywhere while not being overbearing. There is also nice contrast between the higher class and lower class parts of Neo-Paris. Luxurious shops, finished roads, well-furnished homes, and even a ritzy android brothel can be found in the Saint-Michel district. Slum 404, however, right next to the district, has no roads. The buildings are dilapidated, Leapers run abound with their home, the sewers, being just next to the slum, and there are no stores - merely stalls, stands, and bar put together by scrap metal. The world was well fleshed out and I wanted to explore more of it.Sadly, you don't really get to explore it since the level design is very linear. If you liked the world of Mirror's Edge but hated that you didn't get to explore it much, Remember Me has the same issue.The premise of the game is interesting too, with memories becoming a commodity. I love the opening of the game, showing the moving, heart-felt, well-intentioned marketing for commoditizing memories - then the stark reality of how prisoners in La Bastille are abused by having memories taken away, and how the wardens and doctors are basically thought police.Also, I think Nilin is cool and a badass. I like her character design. I did roll my eyes a few times during the game towards the end when she said things that just made you go ""Wait, what?"" because they felt uncharacteristic and shoveled/ham-fisted in for the sake of ""drama"". Female representation in video games has been a hot topic lately, so I figured that was worth mentioning.Ok, now for the bad stuff and why I can't recommend the game for $30 in good conscience.The gameplay is lackluster and easily the weakest part of the game. Mostly just memorize 1 or 2 combos, swap out the Pressens you need for the situation, and press the spacebar + a/w/s/d whenever you see a big red ""!"" on some part of the screen - often the direction you dodge in doesn't even matter and can be cast during any attack. The platforming/parkour is very fragmented, lacking the flow of Mirror's Edge or Assassin's Creed while having less depth. It being slow and easy makes it incredibly boring and tedious .Being boring and tedious seems to be a common theme, even in the memory remix portions of the game. Memory remixing is just a matter of moving through the scene and trying all the possibilities until you get the outcome the game wanted. There isn't any challenge, risk, or open-endedness to how you reach the outcome. Memory remixing is basically a point and click adventure game that lasts 5 minutes at most.Also, UNSKIPPABLE CUTSCENES. If you're a completionist like me, this will make 100%'ing the game a royal pain. Rewatch every monologue by Nilin, watch Nilin put her hand to ear and walk at a snail's pace until Edge is done talking to her, watch a Leaper attack an enforcer to the ground, watch a conversation go on and on, watch the memory for its full duration at normal speed before you remix it, etc.Verdict:If you do not already own this you're probably better off just watching a let's play or waiting for it to go on sale for about $10.If you do own this, it is worth a playthrough at least.Hopefully if DONTNOD Entertainment get a sequel going they can polish the gameplay to make it more engaging, allow you to explore Neo-Paris or another city in this dystopian setting, and allow you to skip cutscenes."
,Recommended,228300,31211873,Posted: 17 April,all,Noks,"A wonderful game with a fresh story concept (at least for me), underlined with an atmospherical soundtrack.From the begining you get involved into the world of NeoParis. Besides a few exceptions, you're sympathizing with the characters through the whole story. Also the secret stuff collectors get their money's worth.I've really enjoyed this game and think that's a must-have-played for every cyberpunk fan!"
76561198017636421,Recommended,228300,33955001,Posted: 1 August,all,Zillu,"Remember Me is a 3rd person futuristic game, where you play Nilin, a Memory Hunter. Levels are quite linear but you have to sometimes go out of your way if you want to get all collectibles ( health upgrades and stuff ). Combat is great, adding powers to your combos, which decrease the cooldown of your abilities, heal you, or make your hits stronger.At certain points, you get to change memories. This is done by watching a cinematic, then you rewind time, and change some minor things that will affect the memory. Also, there are boss fights and some puzzles.The story is amazing, and the game is addicting, always wanting you to continue playing to see what happens next.10/10 Recommended"
76561198044855663,Recommended,228300,23027841,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Leozoro,"Remember Me:Pros:+Combo Lab - (used to create different combos)+Story+Remixing MemoriesCons:-Repetitive Combat once you get it down-Wonky controls when you just want to grab the ledge in front of youAll in all Remember Me is a great game with a very unique setting and a unique protagonist.  I know this game gets a lot of negative reviews (I don't know why), but you should definitely check this one out if you like linear story-based games."
,Recommended,228300,24316494,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Petrucius,"I can't believe I had this game for so long and started playing it just now.Everything about it is awesome.Very good story and soundtrack. The heroine is just awesome. The action and gameplay are very entertaining, the enemies are not too hard, but not boringly easy either.The implemented Combo system and power-ups is very nice touch too.The graphics looks pretty good, and if this is a console port, graphics-wise is perfect - constant 60fps at 4K and also looking good. There are only a few games achieving this.The controls are a little bit awkward in the begining but the player gets used with it pretty quick. It will be probably easier with a controller, I'm not sure.Anyway, the game is awesome for my taste.RECOMMENDED! 10/10!"
76561197995894805,Recommended,228300,31482311,Posted: 1 May,all,Sefu,"Seriously, is Dontnod capable of a bad game? Nobody talked about this one, but after Life Is Strange I queued it up. What I got was the same level of incredible writing, time-bending adventure with an element of action. These people know how to make video games."
76561198060203956,Recommended,228300,22547508,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"Remember Me is an action-adventure platformer and the first game developed by the Dontnod Entertainment.The Story:The game is set in a futuristic Neo-Paris. People now have a brain implant called the Sensen created by the mega-corporation Memorize. Sensen allows people to share their happy memories or remove their unhappy ones. Thanks to this Memorize has an enormous control over the population and has established a surveillance state.You play as Nilin, a memory hunter whose memory has been wiped by Memorize. You basically start off having an amnesia.You set off to take down Memorize and recover your lost memories. You're also on a journey of self discovery as you question your motives and actions along the way.The Gameplay:Remember Me plays similarly to all your favourate action-adventure platformers such as Castlevania: LoS or Enslaved.You do a bit of fighting, puzzle solving and ofc jumping and climbing.I played the game using the Xbox 360 controller and I strongly suggest anyone to play such games with a controller of your choice.You hit enemies using the X and Y buttons. As usually you can create combos with them by pressing Y-Y-Y-X-X-X-Y etc.You can ofc shoot flying enemies and dodge attacks by moving the left stick and pressing A.Classic action-adventure gameplay but a bit simplistic here. You won't unlock any crazy combos. Enemies are very easy to fight and even if you do manage to die you start again basically at the same place.It took me about 8h to finish the game on hardest difficulty.Remember Me is one of the easiest action-adventure platformers i've played but its charm is in the magnificent world and interesting story. Neo-Paris is very well crafted and it is a joy to climb its futuristic buildings.PerformanceI didn't experience any technical issues with the game. It ran like a charm!It seems to be very well optimised and I didn't run into any bugs or glitches nor did I have any crashes.If you're looking for an eye candy tho then you'll be dissapointed. The graphics aren't exactly bad but they were mediocre even back in 2013. The voice acting, however, is supreme.Overall Remember Me is a good game. Is it worth the 27.99€ is up to You to decide.The story will take you about 7-11h depending on how good you are at these type of games and either you decide to go for the collectables or not."
76561197971021986,Recommended,228300,26202344,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,uni1313,"Remember Me is an action adventure game with an interesting sci-fi story with plot twists. It plays like a sci-fi version of DMC – Prince of Persia.You play as the female Nilin a memory hunter in a future version of the city Paris where a giant corporation Memorize offers all people to change or alter their memories via an implant that’s connected to the ‘net’.The game has beautiful graphics that really suit the style of game. It also has some very original gameplay elements like:By playing the game you gain experience. With this experience you can create your own combo’s. The combo system is also needed and has to be learned to win fights. With certain keypresses you win health, time limit to perform special moves is diminished and to execute an extra powerful move.A few times in the game you can manipulate memories of a character. This means a video is shown and by rewinding the video you can change the outcome. To finish certain levels, you need to manipulate the memories of your advisories. This is why you’re called a memory hunter.The gameplay has stealth, exploration and melee combat elements. It’s played in 3rd person. The world is linear but there are a lot of secrets hidden.The more you advance in the game the more special moves (weapons, move faster, …) you unlock and the more combo’s you can create.The game is a console port but supports 2560*1080 resolution. The sound effects and music are very good. It’s recommended to play this game with a controller. I tested it with an Xbox One wired controller. Replay ability comes from finishing the higher difficulties and finding all the secrets. The game is single player only.I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,228300,9161780,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,PhyreMatrix,"Remember Me gets a bad rap. It's a really fun action adventure that is largely underrated because people want it to be something it's not. First of all it's a linear story. Yes it takes place in a futuristic Paris, no you can't explore where ever you want. As much as we all want it to be an open world game it's not. Now if you can get past that what you'll find is that Remember Me has a rich and detailed story and some elements that make it a really fun game.As Nilin, a memory hunter, you're up against the company Memorize. Think 30th century Umbrella Corp. There's a revolution going on and you're public enemy number 1. In addition to leading a one man rebellion you're also piecing together Nilin's fractured past. Plenty of story to keep you entertained.The graphics are incredibly detailed as you explore a diverse world, from the underground sewers to posh futuristic apartment complexes and sterile offices. A lot of work went into realizing the impressive environments. And even in non-movie sequences the visuals are stunning.As for gameplay there's a mixed bag of tricks. The main thing about this that sets it apart from the rest of the pretty 3rd person adventure games is the ability to remix people's memories of events. However, those events are few and far between as there's only 4 instances of doing that in the entire game. And because it's a fairly short game, only took me about 15 hours to finish it feels like something with a lot of potential that could have gotten a lot more prominent use in a larger game.This game also boasted the idea of being able to create your own fighting combos. This is also a place where I think a bit of false advertising or lost in translation fell flat. There's only 4 fighting combinations. You can edit what you do when you press a button but not much else. I feel like Sleeping Dogs had more variety in fighting where this game just pretends to give you a very limited variety. Also if you're reading this DO NOT BUY THE DLC. It just unlocks a handful of extra move types. You still have the same 4 combos just you're given a few extra designations. IMO it's not worth $4 but I thankfully bought it at 75% off so the sting of realizing it's cheap and worthless doesn't hurt that much.That being said it's a cool game. If you see it on sale and want to play something that's a little bit different then go for it. You'll have some fun though quickly fleeting, it's got a nice story, good soundtrack and voice acting. It's not terribly challenging but you're playing it for the story mostly and that at least lives up to some of the hype."
76561198291971124,Recommended,228300,34335524,Posted: 18 August,all,pacmanrival,"This is one of the most beautiful and entertaining games I have ever played. The kind of game whose story line makes you forget that you've been playing for the last 6 hours, and its now dawn. The kind that makes you lose sleep. The kind that is absolutely worth $6. Grab this before its gone. I bought this a long time ago during the last big Capcom sale, and I do not regret my impulse buy one bit. Puzzles, parkour, cyberpunk action, mysterious and eloquent storyline... It's got almost everything a game of this genre needs.My understanding is it was made by Capcom's French game team, and so it has an artistic take so different to anything usually made in the US or Japan.Cons: The fighting and combo mechanic is a little... hard to do perfectly. It's made by Capcom, and you know how much they love their combo-maps.Pros: Literally everything else. I am willing to bet $6 you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,228300,25070555,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Saibot,"I picked this game up in a Steam sales because it looked interesting without any expectations and it blew me away! This game was simply the best cyberpunk experience I ever played. Beautiful artful graphics (Neo Paris looks breathtaking), great electro music especially towards the end of the game and an truly awesome story (especially appealing to someone who has own kids). I completed the story in 10 hours and to me this game was by far one of the greatest experiences i've ever had.But...I don't get why people are complaining about the combat? If you read/watched anything about the combat, it's basically another button mashing game. I knew what I was going into before I bought it. To me, it has more flexible combat due to combos. You can't button mash X constantly. You actually have to land combos. It's a fun combat system in all honestly. I love the idea of being able to have different combos. Do I need high DPS? 4 damage Presence (the items you put into combos) then a double Presence at the end that double the entire combo. Do I need fast healing? Swap out all those Presences for healing ones with a double at the end. I can change combos on the fly. It's wonderfulThis game is a little piece of art itself."
,Recommended,228300,11023503,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Aurao ビリビリ♪,"The game has an interesting story (with cutscenes that you can pause but never skip, not even the 2nd+ time you see the same scene). Art looks nice with the future setting of Neo-Paris 2084.Nilin likes to climb on ledges/pipes like Tomb Raider, and melee fight like Batman with her own special sci-fi powers/tweaks.Some specific parts of the game are very annoying, but overall it's a nice game that is defenitely worth playing at least once."
,Recommended,228300,13245674,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Remul0k3,"Remember Me is certainly too linear. Gameplay is hardly rigid and somewhat repetitive. But we can't bring himself to penalize too heavily as the experience offered is involved. With a great story, a rich and disturbing universe, dynamic and well thought out fighting, an exemplary artistic achievement and a memorable soundtrack, it has everything to emerge as one of the most attractive and original games of the year. In short, not to be missed !"
,Not Recommended,228300,18377481,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Greg,"If the story is the most important thing to you, you may enjoy this game. If gameplay is paramount, skip it."
76561197972144762,Recommended,228300,9241769,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sathlin,"The game is ok.  I would try and get it at a good sale price.the world is great, very unique.but sometimes the combat takes too long and it gets boring.very linear game, wish the world was more interactive."
,Recommended,228300,16633263,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"I don't usually like to use the word ""underrated"" but Remember Me deserves it. I'm not quite sure why this game wasn't more popular when it first came out. It has an interesting story and compelling characters in a unique setting. Stylisticly it's somewhere between Mirror's Edge and Deus Ex: Human Revolution. That's a great place to be.Visually, the game has a super strong sense of style and a consistent color palette. Those are things I feel like get overlooked in a lot of modern games. And at 1440p this might be the best game I've seen yet for having textures that actually look good.The sound is solid: good soundtrack, good voice acting. The dialogue itself is left wanting a few times, but for the most part it works and moves the action forward. Where things slow down is when you have to repeat a section you've already beaten: you can't skip cutscenes. This is especially frustrating at the beginning of chapters where the scenes can last for minutes. It's a standard feature that desperately needed to be implemented here and I hvae no idea why they didn't include it.Where the game suffers is in the action itself. Combat is mostly melee based and it requires memorizing combos. That's not something I enjoy doing. In general, fighting is a lengthy, boring affair you must endure to get through the game. It particularly sucks to get through several waves of enemis only to mess up a single time at the very end and be sent back to the beginning. Once you learn the system it's quite easy to cheese the AI though. So the combat has the worst combination possible: not challenging, yet frustrating.The quick time event system uses icons that are all the same shape and color, so they're easy to confuse, especially if you take a break from the game and come back weeks or months later. I still don't know what the use/interact icon is supposed to be.Once you muscle your way through the combat there is a very polished world underneath. I loved the exploration aspect, and there are some fun and funny things that happen in the background. Just the level of detail and care but into the environments and NPCs makes a playthrough worthwhile. I wish I could've learned even more about the world's back story.There is definitely room for improvement (and it probably would've sold better) if they revamped the RPG components to actually matter: having the ability to choose points going into HP, strength, or the ranged attach would've increased replayability and made me feel like I had more control over my character's growth instead of having new abilities thrust on me when it was convenient.I also wish they had made the locations and missions less linear. Not to the extent of something like a Fallout or Elder Scrolls game (I understand budget and time constraints) but something more akin to being able to wander around the city like in Deus Ex plus the minor skills tweaking I mentioned above would've put this game much higher on a lot of people's radars.Overall it's a great freshman entry from Dontnod. I'm really excited to see what they have in store with their second game, Life is Strange."
,Recommended,228300,12428797,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Th4ts_iT,"Great game! The story could be a movie!Remember Me is a great game. It comes with a good gameplay, good graphics and a very cool story.Maybe you could even call it the ""French Revolution"" in 2084?It's about a company that digitizes memories. But it can also delete your memories and make you to kind of a zombie.Then there are the people who are against it.I personally liked the story a lot and could imagine it as a movie. You start right in the middle and it has some turning points.The gameplay I mean is basically the fighting system. You have to create your own combos with a bit consideration. Fighting in Remember Me doesn't get boring because of variation. There are lot of different enemies and combos.Moreover, the game has beautiful graphics, which makes it more worthy to play.All in all, the story and the gamplay make Remember Me to an all right game. It's not the best but not bad also!"
,Recommended,228300,11145289,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Freelancer,"I know this game is a little on the older side but I finally got a chance to play it and I feel like it could have been one of the most underrated games in recent history.  A lot of the features of this game are absolutely fantastic and judging my articles about the game the one gripe most people had was the combat (which honestly wasn't that bad).  To get right into what this game is about, Remember Me is a 3rd person action game with combo based fighting mechanics and a parkour style level progression design. Essentially it is like many other climb, jump, crawl games like Tomb Raider, Uncharted and Enslaved but the main character instead of using projectile weapons only uses her fists and her power arm.  Now the Combo system runs a little differently from other combo fighting games in that there are 4 primary ""pressens"" with 4 separate, and each more complicated, combos . However with these combos you can set any presser to each combo. The longer the combo the more xp you can get the more pressens you can unlock. There are 4 separate Pressens; Power which hits hard, Regen which heals you some each time you use it in a combo,  Chain which increases a combo multiplier making it do more damage and get more xp (these are best used at the end of the a combo) and cool down which lowers the time required to use a S-Pressen.S-Pressens are powerful, specialized pressens that you can only use once per certain time period and must have enough focus to use it. There are 5 S-Pressens which include Fury which lets Nilin (the main character) attack with each hit being more powerful than the last, Sensen Dos which stuns enemies and is very useful versus specific enemies, Rust in Pieces is a bomb that is effective versus robots, Camo which cloaks Nilin allowing her to move around regaining health and being able to perform a takedown on powerful enemies and logic bomb which can break shields and heavily damage enemies. Now the Specials and the basic combat system albeit are unique in their names and how they look, deep down it is just a generic combo based system and can get repetitive over time and can be prone to problems with connecting hits.My biggest problem with the game however is the buggy parkour system. As it is a lot of times the camera control can be all over the place and Nilin could miss a jump that she should have been able to make. At times the parkour makes sense but other times it feels like it was just put there to have something for the time between fights and memory syncs.One of the coolest features of this game however is the memory stealing/manipulating and as far as I'm concerned is not used enough in this game. Nilin's main ability (one of the main reasons she is such a sought after person) is that she can manipulate a characters memories of an event and completely change their personality of what happened during that event. During this mechanic you can go forward and backwards during a memory and slightly alter things in the room to make the characters do things including killing each other or remembering something to not be as tragic. It was used 3 or 4 times throughout the game but just the process of going into someone's mind and changing a memory to get a different outcome was absolutely facinating.Enough about the gameplay, on to the story.  The year is 2084 in Neo-Paris and Memorize corporation has invented a new implant called the Sensen which enables others to share memories with others, remove memories or even sell memories to earn money. During this time due to an infection and corruption of the implant, a new race of humans developed called Leapers. These Leapers are very basic in their mental capacity and are very aggressive towards non-Leapears. Enter our character Nilin who is a memory manipulator but in the beginning she has had almost all of her memories wiped because she had been captured by memorized and been punished.  However thanks to someone called Edge, she is able to escape and work to find her memories and try to take down Memorize. Throughout the game Nilin has to manipulate the memories of many in order to get to the bottom of the whole situation of Memorize and the Sensen.  The story is very unique and it is wonderful to have a main female protagonist that is the strongest character in the game.The graphics of this game are absolutely beautiful and to top it all off, Dontnod Entertainment really did a top notch job of creating a very beautiful and realistic future Paris. The whole game is very aesthetically pleasing with the variations locations being so different showing the true difference between the impoverished  and the wealthy in Neo-Paris.  On top of that Olivier Deriviere did an absolutely fantastic job bringing the soundtrack to life to match the game beautifully. The music is much like the works done by Daft Punk in Tron Legacy in that Deriviere mixed a bit of electronic with orchestral sound. The end result is a soundtrack that I have ended up listening to repeatedly at work while I have been programming. The voice actors also do a fantastic job bringing their characters to life and make the dialogue all that much better.Overall this game is absolutely fantastic, from the story, characters, music, graphics etc.  The only downside is the generic gameplay and flawed camera angles during the parkour/climbing mechanics. I would highly recommend this game and I look forward to see if Capcon would bring us a sequel at some time in the future.•	Story - 95•	Gameplay - 70•	Graphics - 90•	Sound - 100•	Fun - 90•	Replay value - 80"
76561198004858935,Recommended,228300,23659100,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Spaff,Gameplay - good enoughStory + Setting - most memorable and inspired game  I played in a long time.Must play for everyone who enjoys an intresting setting and story
,Recommended,228300,30263531,Posted: 1 March,all,SkyL3R,"Cool cyberpunk game, where you can steal, wipe and even remix people's memories.The story, level design, music and voice acting are very well done.Making your own combos is also a fun feature.I didn't like the enemies' design though and the camera angle was not too comfortable sometimes.But overall, I enjoyed it.8/10"
76561197970787854,Not Recommended,228300,26652090,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RightHander,"I'd really like to recommend this game. It had fantastic sound design. Great cyberpunk atmosphere. Good story.But.... the controls and camera are the worst I've seen in a video game. Mid fight, zoomed in on forheads or point at the ceiling. The fighting/dodging system tried to take some clues from the Batman game. But much was lost in translation and it just doesn't flow well. So bad that I simply can't recommend the game. I hope this developer continues to refine their games and I look forward to their next releases."
,Recommended,228300,18884174,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Masivedub,"My Humble ReviewWell to start off I'm gonna say that the story of the game was a bit complex at the start but as you go on finding who the hell you are, you start getting the story, I won't go into details about the story since I don't want to spoil it I'm just gonna say that the visuals/graphics are gorgeous, the combat is great might get a bit repetitive but its still good since you find different enemies as you advance in the story, and the story is just WOW, I honestly don't know why I just now completed the game when I had it for like a year just there in my profile, I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,228300,9768523,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Rareu,"This is a wonderfully crafted game, an interesting premise resplendant with an excellent script, plot, and design (amongst other things). The script was well thought out, and developed in tune with what I humbly felt was one of the best conceived stories in a long time (related to games only). The whole design of the game was well laid out, it had an abject air of utter hoplessness and a visual quality that I still think about. The combat mechanics of the game are reminiscent to Rockstars Batman whilst the general movement of the character i.e, climbing is similar to Naughty Dogs Uncharted. All in all I suggest you play this game if you are a fan of intelligently created dystopian sci-fi worlds, beautifully crafted visually and conceptually. Excellent scripts and a general flow of events that don't leave you disappointed and confused. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,228300,17788759,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,mezzokoko,"This is one of those games which you might aswell just watch on youtube and your experience would probably even be less painful. You will spend most of your time climbing from one predefined ledge to another and just pressing whatever buttons the game tells you to press, the climax of your freedom being to walk into the one occasional dead end to find a ""hidden"" item. Combat is as bland as literally mashing the very same combination of buttons over and over again until generic enemies with different skins die; To say it is repetitive is an understatement.Unless you really do enjoy dull and linear sightseeing without any actual interaction, I cannot recommend it at all. It's shiny and has a somewhat decent story, but that alone just doesn't kick it, the presentation is bloody awful."
,Not Recommended,228300,22710975,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sha|)ini0,"What an infuriating experience!This game was clearly designed and implemented by artists alone. No sensible design went into its combat system, level design, progression, or story!Now then,Pros-Beautiful setting and environment art-Well-done fluid animations-Music! I can't speak enough of the music. It's dynamic; adjusts to your combat flow and makes the unbearable grind somewhat exciting. Seriously, just stop reading right here and go listen to the music!And now for the crap *takes a deep breath*Cons-Combos actually reset when you hit a different enemy than the one you started the combo with. Seriously?! Have you devs even heard of the Batman games??-Empty, shiny, boring, plastic, soulless world. They had a gorgeous canvas to work with. A futuristic dystopian cyberpunk Paris. But the only reason you'd ever know it was Paris was seeing a 2D tour d'eiffel or arc de Triomphe as a skybox once or twice in the game. pfff.....-Boring and shallow combat system that gets boring after the 1st hour. Oh, and did I mention your combo will reset if you hit a different enemy?-Claustrophobically linear world. No really! The camera even makes a point of it and hugs your shoulders for dear life so you never EVER get to see anything around you. Not that there's much variety to be seen after the 1st hour in anyway. It'd be unsound to actually say exploration goes unrewarded as exploration is rather PROHIBITED in this game. Invisible walls galore!-Game breaking bugs, progression blockers, crashes, you name it! Get ready to love restarting at last checkpoint.-WHO DESIGNED THE COMBAT SYSTEM SO AS TO RESET THE COMBO AFTER YOU HIT A DIFFERENT ENEMY?!?! I DEMAND TO SPEAK TO A MANAGER!!-Repetitive boilerplate missions. Run through these empty halls, open a few doors, traverse a few platforms, punch-punch-kick, then run through these next set of empty halls. Oh, and an annoying cheesy poet will be incessantly calling you every 2 minutes with some narrative ""wisdom"".-Speaking of opening doors, this game actually made a glorified mechanic out of opening doors and interacting with switches! No really, one of your ""powers"" is the ability to interact with switches! There are 3 types of switches in this world for some reason. It's just practical good design. And they all have fancy shmancy names!-Speaking of names, they should have shipped a ♥♥♥♥in thesaurus for all those sensens and remembrens and nonsense.-And as far as the ""story"" goes, this game is so far up its own♥♥♥♥♥that it can see daylight. Rehashed evil corporation, sheeple leading their lives, hippies trying to show you the light man, blah blah bling blah...There is one slight saving grace though. The game can be completed in under 9 hours! So the nightmare doesn't last for too long!What a waste..."
,Recommended,228300,8317779,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,EightRooks,"Remember Me promises a lot more than it can ultimately deliver, but it's still a solid third-person brawler with some fantastic production values (easily one of the best game soundtracks of 2013) and a story that touches on a lot of themes and emotions most games don't bother with. The fighting is fast and fluid, and there's some scope for customising how you want to play - as a heavy hitter or constantly using heals and specials, say. It's just a shame much of the game is so easy by default you never have to do any of this. The platforming and exploration takes you through some phenomenal environments - visuals like few if any other videogames out there - but it's annoying that they're so linear you're rarely given much time to properly take anything in. And the puzzles, the ""memory remixes"", are a neat idea and presented well, but they're really just a case of slow trial and error to get the right boxes ticked or left unticked. A lot of Remember Me feels ""good enough"", then, rather than great, or makes you wish it gave you more freedom, or challenged you more, or spent more time fleshing out its story. At the same time it frequently looks and sounds phenomenal, it is still fun to play, and its story does manage some very moving, thought-provoking moments even if it's not as brave or as smart as it seems to think. Definitely pick it up on a sale if you like third-person brawlers with some smarts - just be aware it's not really as deep or as meaningful as the developers originally seemed to be implying it would be."
,Recommended,228300,28843840,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,momonga,PLS GIVE US THE SOUNDTRACK!!!
,Recommended,228300,14265303,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,"Remember Me is not perfect. But to be honest, nowadays, what is?I wholeheartedly recommend this game on a sale, however. Full price, eh. My record of 9.5 hours is pretty much the entire game length on hard difficulty, although I did miss some collectibles. Therefore, 28 EUR is steep. But I got this at -85% off, and I have no right to complain.The story was VERY interesting, the setting was unique. Neo-Paris, 2084, where SENSEN technology is capable of storing your memory data so that you can erase the memories you don't want, relive memories you hold close, and use your memories as currency... and you're Nilin, an Errorist, who is guided by Edge trying to dismantle this system, which is supposedly ""flawed"" and should be destroyed.Soundtrack fits the futuristic theme of the game, it's glitchy orchestral, like a movie soundtrack mixed with electronic and effects. Great support for the events that occur.Gameplay is primarily three things:- Combat: (combo-based system, combos can be customized in order to have their elements (pressens) be POWER, REGEN, COOLDOWN REDUCTION and CHAIN; and you also get Sensen Abilities which need a Focus bar which you get from punching your opponents enough. Simple enough.Some people in the negative reviews might claim ""they couldn't get into the game because the combat is too difficult"", but you honestly just have to press the right button at the right times, like ""right left right left right"" with the right delay between them and bam you executed your 5-hit-combo. Not hard, in my opinion.- Platforming: you need to climb on things, jump on things, move some things around, etc etc. Think of ""Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons"" and that's pretty much how it goes, except you only move your one character.- Remix sections: There aren't too many of these in the game, but they hold important plot points, where you alter the memory of others. You'll see if you play. It's interesting. Really.---- NOW the question is, what did I mean by this game not being perfect?There were some glaring flaws in some game design elements. Literally a flaw from a game design perspective. In order to learn more of the LORE of this game, you need to find MNESISTS. Now, they wanted to make collectible secret items... and they made those be the MNESISTS. The problem is that without them, you for example won't understand what the hell the Mnemopolis is - but these items are REALLY hidden, and if you don't know where to look, looking for them can be extremely tedious. They aren't indicated well at all, they're just tiny orange boxes, hard to find, and usually you need to go on an alternate path to find them.So this is like playing in the Mass Effect universe, except you have to look for well-hidden secrets in order to learn the lore of the game, which you're supposedly interested in if you're interested in the plot. I think this was quite silly.Also, by the end of the game, the enemy versatility kinda falters, they rehash some stuff from previously instead of adding something new.In the end, it was still a great game.- PROS:Interesting story and unique settingsGood soundtrack that supports said settingOkay combat (others might disagree but they just need to get a sense of timing I guess, it really is not difficult)- CONS:Some platforming is a bit tediousThe combat can get repetitive by the end because of rehashed enemies (too much saber force)THE ITEMS THAT GIVE YOU THE LORE ARE HIDDEN COLLECTIBLES. Terrible decision, even if it kinda makes sense, but not really. Makes looking for them tedious, you might want to use a guide.The antagonists' motives just aren't very deep by the time you actually get to them. But the plot overall makes up for it.Recommended. Not at full price, but at a greater discount, definitely."
76561197990419321,Recommended,228300,26705196,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,d!nk,"Story 8/10Visuals 7/10Art Concepts 9/10Combat 6/10Fluidity 7/10This game is great. The timing of the story cutscenes and visual imagery while youre exploring makes you feel like youre playing a movie, not a video game. This hasnt happened to me with any other games. It was really depressing realizing off the bat that your only pathway is a narrow corridor for the entire game. I can only imagine what this game would be like if it was open world. I would definitely buy.The combat can be rage inducing. It consists of 2 basic concepts: chaining combos and dodging. Like someone else said, you cant chain combos into other creatures which really sets combat back. Dodging for the most part is responsive but sometimes you get caught in an animation and youre screwed. It forces you to settle down, wait for the monster to miss with its attack, then you go. The combo building system in your little menu is pretty cool, it lets you choose what strikes go where, with different animations and attack types (heal, damage, cooldown, and a double bonus). Oh and the boss fights are fun.So the game is pretty good imo. Its not all combat, you do some puzzle stuff, collectibles, mess with peoples memory (cool concept but annoying to do) and parkour (limited, dont expect mirrors edge). I would probably play through this story again,  after maybe a half to full year. So every once and a while. Took me 12 hours to beat but I would definitely cut that down a lot the second time around."
76561197999322622,Not Recommended,228300,19834331,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,doctaBernau,"Not bad, but not a milestone , unfortunatelyThis game has incredible good approaches , the visual talent and the cyberpunk -like atmosphere are awesome at times . unfortunately the story - that COULD actually have had brilliant quality -remains strangely unconnected for the most time and connects only at the end again .For me , therefore, not really recommendable game , because  the console-ish flogging and climbing orgies  bored me and can not really excite me , but thats my personal gusto..Too bad, because here an Open World would have led to a  certainly big and unforgettable (haha)  game .I bought it on sale for EUR 6 , that's fine though."
,Recommended,228300,23655473,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,T.tv/VoidlessPlays,"One of my favorite games of all time! Great music, the visual effects are wonderful, great story, and some really interesting mechanics. Can be a bit tough to control at times, but in the grand scheme of things, its a great game. I can not reccomend this game enough, and as the sale is going on right now, I'm telling all of my friends to buy it right now."
76561197992229015,Recommended,228300,24963113,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Dire,"There was a time when this game was rated ""mixed"" at best on Steam. Why, I have no idea, unless you expected something vastly different from this game.What it is:It's a linear, story driven 3rd person ""brawler"" in a pretty stylish world (New Paris of the future) with lots of little details you can gather in those levels to get a better sense of the world and its surroundings, the people living in it, the technology, etc. Most of these lore items can be found pretty easily. There are also some upgrades and what not. Not very spectacular, but functional. Same goes for the combat system, which relies on ""combos"" you unlock during the game. Sadly, this only means varying button chains of X and Y, plus A to dodge. That's pretty much it for basic combat. The strategic value of this system comes in the form of your various combat moves which either do increased damage, reduce ability cooldowns or heal you on hit with some ""linkers"" to increase those effects. You need to have strong, but also functional combos to sustain yourself and defeat your enemies. Apart from that you unlock various special moves that are sometimes required to beat certain foes. And you have a ranged attack.The enemy variety is a bit lacking. There's really just mutants, police and robots in a few different variants, but the game is also not that long that this ever becomes a real problem. The fights get progressively harder, longer and more varied, but if the game went on for another few hours, this would certainly be a problem. As it stands, it's ok.The other part of the game consists of a bit of exploring, however the levels are really linear, so not that much to do, a bit of basic platforming a la Prince of Persia (very basic) and just enjoying the story with the occasional puzzle and boss fight thrown in. As the game progresses you get more and more abilities to manipulate the environment around you. It's still all linear, but it's fun in my opinion.The last part of the game is about ""remixing"" memories, which I'd say is the weakest part of the game. It sounds great in theory, but is a) not utilized often enough and b) kind of annoying to do. Takes up too much time or you can get stuck without really knowing what to do, etc. Though mostly it's pretty straightforward. I still think it's an interesting concept. Just needs a reiteration :)Some other negative stuff: Controls are not always spot on, annoying when falling to your death. Checkpoints are sometimes placed too far apart or at annoying places. Also you cannot ""load"" any checkpoint you activated. There is an option to replay the level, but you will lose all progress and again, you can't select which checkpoint to start from. If a level takes you 1+ hour to complete that just doesn't make sense. Cutscenes cannot be skipped. Not even if you've already seen them. Biggest negative aspect of the game.Apart from that the story and characters are mature and interesting in my opinion, their motivations are understandable and the message is clear. It's one of the better stories in a video game, especially a 3rd person fighter.Please just understand that this is not a spectacle fighter. Embrace the story and artistic vision and you will love it. The protagonist kicks♥♥♥♥♥and the concept artists should make an anime series. That style works perfectly for a gritty Anime in a Ghost in the Shell style for example. Too bad. I would have loved to explore this world a bit more."
,Recommended,228300,34611686,Posted: 30 August,all,M A R A 飯,"***SPOILER-FREE REVIEW***~Story~""Remember Me"" is is a title of a beautiful cyberpunk action-adventure game published by none other than Capcom and developed by Dontnod Entertainment. The reason why I wanted to arise attention to this title is because of those two powerful words that the whole plot revolves around.You are Nilin, a woman in her 20's captured and imprisoned in an ultra security prison called ""Bastille Fortress"" situated in Neo-Paris, where here the prisoners are being brain-washed by Memorize. A corporation that commoditaze memories for the grater good, under the control of a vicious woman called The Dame and her husband. In the present you are about to get all your memories wiped out of your own brain by a machine but, a strange guy, Edge ( as if he's not edgy enough through the whole game ), saves you or shall I say creates a distraction in order for you to escape the facility. In the meantime while you are fighting your way out of the chaos, hoping to get to your destination and old friends, Edge tells you that you are an Errorist ( sounds very accurate like ""terrorist"" ), a memory hunter, even the best. What this means is that Nilin practically has the gift steal and change memories. I know, sounds pretty cool till now, until the games has a dark turn when you realize that in the future missions and actions that you will make, will destroy the lifes of innocent people in order for the Errorists to achieve their goals and destroy the government from inside. Of course everything is not that easy. Nilin is a smart girl and even tough she has a couple of loose screws she always finds a way to change the outcome of every past mistake. Some enemies will become allies and vice-verse, you will take part of this great adventure where a troubled woman paves her way into finding her true self and uncover the secrets that lurk in the 2084's Paris. But most important: Who exactly is Edge?The story is original and the plot thickens the more you progress creating an amazing world full of mystery and suspense. The game is set in 2084, Neo-Paris ( which I found it pleasantly surprising since Paris is an unconventional setting found in games ). But every beauty has its flaws like the dark sewers and gritty slums hidden by the privileged world. And here come Memorize. A corporation that created a brain augmentation ""Sensen"" that has the power to access the mind of almost the entire population in order to ensure the control over it by sharing their memories on the net or erase the tragic ones, establishing an immense control over the entire state. And Nilin with the help of her friends has to stop it.~Gameplay~Well here is the problem. If you don't know anything about this game and you are wandering why the hell a game published by Capcom with an amazing narrative is so underrated. Here is you answer: THE COMBO SYSTEM. Gosh I don't even know where to start. I get it, they thought it would be an original thing to let the player create his own combos, with healing, CDR etc. and it would've been an interesting thing if it wasn't this bad. The 3rd moves are tasteless and not satisfying at all which makes the whole process annoying, boring and you end up spamming the combinations for the entire game trying to kill weak Sabre Force soldiers. Also the shooting system is just good enough to be acceptable.OK so I know what you heard. It's an open world game and you like that well jokes on you. It's not what you think! Neo-Paris is alive, fresh, futuristic and what else and I don't get why the developers choose to take this from us and not letting us to explore it on our own. With all the parkour inspired by Assassin's Creed you can't even interact with the shops and people around you. The game just doesn't give you the permission to access this great things since it wants you to apparently finish the story sooner. Low blow guys, low blow.With this so called ""open-world"" the are collectibles to find around which I liked them. They help you increase your health and fighting capabilities.~Graphics and Soundtrack~The graphics look fantastic and the design is very well detailed. The world is vibrant. From the great skylines and cyberpunk architecture and glamorous infrastructure of the buildings and interior designs to the gritty slums infested with Leapers. Beautiful.The character designs are great. I like Nilin and her entire outfit, hell, i even searched the jacket on eBay to see if I can get one for myself. But the fact that I couldn't customize absolutely nothing really disappointed me.As for the soundtrack I really enjoyed it. Fit for a futuristic environment that lets you sink into this fast paced adventure.~Conclusion~Remember Me is a great game that through its amazing narrative tells us that life will never be easy and we have to live with the memory of our failures and achievements in order to evolve and learn from our mistakes. As humans, we have to accept the obstacles and scars that various events that life threw at us and move on, become better, stronger. And as a society we have to remain united, helping each other overcoming the danger that lurks beneath, not by changing the past and cover it with lies and facades, but by staying together.I can totally understand now why this game was this underrated. The story and setting is very complex and unique but all this is ruined by the gameplay and the huge price. Nonetheless I got over it and I came to the conclusion that the game is made to be enjoyed for its plot and meaning. So I recommend this game to be played purely for the story and be bought at a discount.~Strong Points~Fantastic narrative. Beautiful design and original setting. Nice Graphics. Great character development. Steam Trading Cards Available. Collectibles that affect your character.~Weak Points~Bad Combo System. Mediocre Shooting Mechanism. No interaction with the city or the people in it. Can't skip cut scenes. Huge Price.Rating: 7/10Developer: Dontnod EntertainmentPublisher: CapcomGenre: Cyberpunk Action-AdventureRelease Date: 3 June 2013"
,Not Recommended,228300,24580065,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ThatAmericanSlacker,"TLDR: Sort of okay game that takes itself too seriously. Linearity and repeitive combat don't help either.This is one of those games that can't decide wether it wants to be a game or a movie. It's a shame I have to give this a no too because there's some legitamately good things about this game. Sadly my reviews are more along the lines of ""is it worth it"" so sadly the answer is no. At least not at full price. Let's start with the good. The voice acting is fantastic. With better writing and more interesting characters it could have even be notable. Sadly though it's too good for this game. The story is your usual copypaste sci-fi dystopia you've seen a thousand times before, except this one takes itself really seriously so you just feel like skipping it. This wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't the main focus of the game. It's also incredibly linear. Maybe not to the point of FFXIII, but it's still enough to feel more like an interactive movie than a video game. Combat is uninspired and feels like a crappy version of Batman Arkham combat. You can customize combos to get back health or charge power-ups, but chances are you press the wrong button at the wrong time. You end up getting frustated and use the short combo 95% of the time. Replayability if any comes from collectables that increase your health and powerups. However going to previous chapters to get these feel more like a chore since each chapter (there's about 8 or 9 minus a prolougue) is about an hour or more long. That does however give you a chance to enjoy the scenery which is fantastic. Neo-Paris looks gorgeous even at lowest graphical settings. You can even unlock concept art which is a plus. Music is forgettable but then again what isn't forgettable about this game?Length: 10 hoursShould you buy this: If you're looking for a good game you're going to be disappointed. If you're looking for a game to make fun of on YouTube for how seriously it takes itself you've got a winner.Worth: $5"
,Recommended,228300,8943336,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,One Stand More,Highly recommended yet horribly underrated.  Enjoy the very excellent Phillip K♥♥♥♥♥♥reminiscent distopia of New Paris along with an excellent emotionally charged story of memory manipulations and outcomes.   Beautiful art direction accompanies scenes where you remix someone's memory by rewinding crucial scenes and affecting varying outcomes.  The fight system is fluid and the combos are customizable in an innovative fashion.  The linearity is a worthy trade for the telling of a gripping story.
,Recommended,228300,29229480,Posted: 13 January,all,codyyy,"Interesting story, really good soundtrack, charismatic protagonist, even fighting is freaking good.Underrated. :(p.s waiting for sequel"
,Recommended,228300,23920370,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rick,"I appreciate how much Remember Me tries to innovate with some really neat stuff I haven't seen in other games, but for everything it offers it falls short somewhere else. The world is beautiful and the story is intriguing, but it can't take you passed the average gameplay at it's core.The fact I finished it says something although I am quite forgiving when it comes to games that have an interesting world, you on the other hand may not.I am conflicted about recommending, but since I have no option for middle ground I will because it's quite cheap at the moment."
,Recommended,228300,20239304,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PlasmaWasp,"""Some intimate doors are not supposed to be opened. That suffering, like painful memories, is just part of life.""Remember me got completely under my skin. The game is so much better than I expected it to be. It made me think about the future of mankind. About the line we should never cross. The game environment is so well done and for me it perfectly simulates  a futuristic world.The gameplay is absolutely amazing. I admire the great variety of things you can do with very good balance between them. It never gets boring or too repetitive. Everything from ordinary platforming, jumping puzzles, stealth and melee combat up to changing memories of people to manipulate them, stealing memories to get access to high security areas and creating your own move combos.Fights in Remember me are very advanced. Combos can combine up to four different types of fighting moves - damage, heal, decreasing cooldown of special abilities and doubling of previous moves. In combination with 5 special abilities and special weapons - spammer and junk bolt - it gives you high amount of possible combinations how to win your fights.Weapons are not used only to fight but also to open doors and move objects. Moving objects around is part of few puzzles you have to solve to get through some areas. The game has also some puzzles where you hear several hints and you have to figure out the solutions. Even though I was replaying the hints so many times, it was still pretty much fun and challenge.Not to be only positive I should mention that the camera was not always very friendly to me. Sometimes it was rotating in a strange way. But I think I got used to it in the end so it was not really a big issue for me.I love its music. The futuristic feel and contrast grade are simply amazing.Remember me belongs to the top games I've ever played for its impressive world design, sci-fi story and very addictive gameplay with a good balance and great variety.And because the main protagonist is sexy! :)"
,Recommended,228300,22706151,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Cyan,"Great Story, I really enjoyed playing, the fighting style is quite interesting and pretty easy to get used to. Overall a nice game. Only thing I found a little annoying was that you can't skip cutscenes because I played through the game quite a few times to get all the achievements and collectables and really wanted to skip them, still worth playing though. :)"
,Recommended,228300,17636838,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,"Tech's invasion of the human experience is the theme, but Dontnod's game belongs to its world and protagonist Nilin."
76561198019571025,Not Recommended,228300,16414844,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fred84,"A QTE-ridden game. I cannot reccommend it unless you like QTEs, I personally loathe them. I fought the boss, what's the point of ""press X to-not-die"" except for placing it in weird corners so that the player does not read it and dies? (oh, and has to start the battle all over again, because obviously saving happens only at savepoints).The story looks good, but the game mechanics are too annoying.EDIT:I forgot the camera movement. K+M or Pad won't make a difference, the camera movement will get in the way. You cannot aim unless the target is near the center of the screen and often you have to aim quickly while fighting. And while you fight 90% of the time your target won't be on screen, meaning that you have to turn around the camera to aim (and in the meanwhile you'll get attacked, so forget about completing the objective)"
76561198092638994,Recommended,228300,28356378,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,imkumenfiryuu,"Remember Me is one of my all time favorites for a multitude of reasons, one of the main ones being the uniqueness of it. Without giving away spoilers, this game was emotional from the very beginning to the very end. It is truly more than a video game; it's a work of art!Favorite aspects:- Atmospheric- Great soundtrack (Listen carefully to the combat music, it gives eargasms)- Story rich- Strong female protagonist (Last but certainly not least)I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who loves art or just a fun game to play! 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,228300,16463300,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,T R :o Y,"Remember Me is beautiful, cinematic, and atmospheric to the highest degree. It is sorely under-appreciated, but it’s one of the few games in recent memory that has really captivated me so quickly. The combat and combo builder, remixing memories, the story, the visuals, and the way you move and progress through the levels is so fun to experience, very highly recommend!"
,Recommended,228300,15977881,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingOverall Rating: 7/10Gameplay Rating: 8/10Accessibility Rating: 5/10NotesOverall rating is a combination of the gameplay (mechanics and story) and accessibility (how the game includes deaf/hoh gamers).If you disagree with my take on the game or if something is factually incorrect, please leave a comment below!Game OverviewRemember Me (RM) is a linear scifi action game from DONTNOD (Life is Strange).Gameplay MechanicsThe game's outstanding combat system and general gameplay and story are marred slightly by an occasionally difficult camera and a handful of frustrating scenes, but these are minor.  Whereas I originally thought that the somewhat limited combat system would get redundant, it has instead been quite entertaining as combo chains are added and expanded well into the game.Further, the puzzles in the game are well made with a balance between being easy and still slightly challenging, and the memory remixing is a very unique method of story progression and puzzle solving.StorylineWith an interesting storyline in a dystopian futuristic Neo-Paris, RM takes you on an adventure filled with memories, both real and fake, as you reclaim Nilin's memories and unravel the story.  This game's story is entertaining from the first chapter throughout, though some of the dialogue is over the top and expository.You examine the story both through regular gameplay and through memory remixing, which is where you enter someone's memories and adjust key aspects of them to achieve the results you want.RatingGameplay (story and mechanics) rating is 8/10.  Mechanical issues are enough to detract from the overall gameplay rating with camera and motion control problems at key times.  The story is outstanding, though, once you get past some moments of questionable writing.Accessibility OverviewGame OptionsGenerally, the opening game menus are best controlled with keyboard or gamepad.  Mouse controls on these menus works, but is difficult.- Subtitles- Individual controls for master volume, music, voices, and sound effects.Deaf/HOHDeaf/HOH gamers may miss large portions of the story due to small, difficult-to-read subtitles.  Further, a lot of flavor text (random talking, chatter, etc) is not subtitled.  I would recommend enjoying the game and replaying or watching a video of the gameplay to pick up missed plot/storyline information.Pros:- Subtitles exist!- All vital gameplay information (mechanics, some storyline) are conveyed via on screen dialogsCons:- Subtitles DO NOT indicate who is talking/are not color-coded- Subtitles are very small (possibly scaling issue with resolution), have no background, and are over a busy background, making them difficult to read- Subtitles during combat are easily missed, but do not seem to be significant- Background talking IS NOT subtitledNotes:- This is a single-player game; no chatting.MobilityGamers with mobility issues may have problems with this game.  Most common controls for the game use WASD movement, space for jump, shift key for aiming, and e for use.  These can be changed.Pros:- Keys can be rebound to suit your capabilities.Cons:- There are Quick Time Events (QTE) in game that require pressing certain buttons within a limited amount of time.- There is only one key bind slot per action.Notes:- Casual difficulty mode still has QTEs.Accessibility RatingAccessibility rating is 5/10 for the issues above.  Although there are challenges with this game, it is worth checking out.  Its accessibility issues do not outweigh the benefit of the experience.---Visit Games Reviews for the Deaf/HoHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamereviewsforthedeaf"
76561197989528524,Not Recommended,228300,25120007,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dragon,"Remember me is game that excels at mediocrity. It has no major failures but I never quite found it to be fun. It feels like the pinacle of design-by-committee. And here is why:It tries to be Tomb Raider (or Uncharted) but the leaping/climbing puzzles are not puzzling. An orange arrow always indicates where you must jump to next. There is little exploration because the camera becomes quasi-fixed during climbing sequences so you can't easily look around for alternate routes.It tries to be War in the North (Lord of the Rings) but the combat isn't fluid. How a game published by Capcom managed to fail at executing Combo moves is beyond me. To discover which combo you're currently performing you need to watch the bottom of the screen. You shouldn't need to because in a fighting game you should know where in a combo you are simply by the buttons pressed. Not so with Remeber Me; if you make a mistake during a combo it's seems pretty touch-and-go as to which new combo you will then start performing.The dodge mechanism is almost awesome and it's as close to fun as this game gets. The problem is - once again - combos. If you're midway through a combo then no amount of pounding dodge will disengage from the fight before another opponent has a change to land a hit. Breaking the combo and (on hard) losing Nilin a significant chunk of health.And here lies the next issue, the game doesn't fully save focus before a fight. If Nilin dies the fight restarts without focus and very often focus is required to win a fight. This makes for a lot of tedious dodging and landing hits against blocking/invisible opponents to slowly build focus back up again. The cooldown times on some of the focus attack are also ridiculously long - even when using the correct Sensens to diminish it.Moving on from the mediocre combat my biggest gripe is the unskippable cut scenes. Many of which are slow pans across pieces of architecture. Often placed just before difficult fights with messages that must be acknowledged with a button. And the message can't be skipped immediately either. There will be a slow walk with banal chatter then a message pops up. Then wait until the press-a-button image appears then more slow cut scene then another message. It's terrible.The story is not as great as portrayed (spoiler warning): Nilin's mother is involved in a car crash and blames Nilin (who was being a brat). This translates to a general hate for humanity and is used to rationalise enslaving them. Nilin's father (who is generally not present) decides the best way to fix his wife's abandonment of his daughter is by making his daughter forget it. To do this he builds a computer that takes (and stores rather than deleting) all peoples bad memories. It becomes sentient and want's to both be destroyed by Nilin and be destroy Nilin.Finally - and what should have been the Remember Me's master piece - are the memory editing sequences. Nilin gets to occasionally hack someone's memory, changing key events to alter their perception of the present. But each sequence is trial-and-error, there are no obvious cues. Change an event then watch to see what happens and if the game accepts the sequence; if not then rewind and try again. Fortunately there are only five such sequences.All-in-all Remember me feels like a game that has been built without pride or joy in the undertaking. It's a soulless but competent slog done far better by many other games."
76561198086238958,Not Recommended,228300,12074815,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,IoeShepard,"Give a Meta Rating of 55.If it`s on sale:Take a look for yourself if you like futuristic stories like Minority Report, Total Recall, Matrix or I Robot.The design is actually good - the gameplay is not. The result is almost just a screensaver.Corridor, mob mashing, more corridors, cinematic, traverse left then right ... fighting the camera ...this works for the first 2 levels, only over time the FUN gets lost down the road.When the gameplay would be as good as the ""look"" of this game it would be awesome.( Why you can´t jump a single box on your own still escapes me - well, follow the orange arrow ... ) While this is common procedure during the intro/tutorial part of a game ( following the orange arrow ... ),  too linear is the progression and the fights start to end in simple button mashing. ( Even bought the DLC to get more fun out of this - it did not help )Running from cinematic to cinematic i got gradually bored and was happy once it was over.Edit: The story has it´s moments only after 10 hours of game time ( including trying to find gameplay hiding somewhere and re-playing 5-6 levels ) this game is over.( Nasty on re-playing a level is that you go over and over through the cinematics again and again without being able to skip ... don´t have to tell you how old this can get  )Fights ""can"" be fun. Memory Re-mixing is the most ""memorable"" feature in this game.Combo creation is a good idea. Then, ideas start for fall short.The Devs deserve an ear bashing for not using a great idea to full extend. They spend obviously quite some time on some details, only the gameplay got left behind.Animations have for the most part good blending and as result look smooth which gives this game a good ""look"" and ""visual feel"". It just does not leave the ""screensaver effect"" to include a smooth intuitive gameplay that makes use of the ""existing"" environment to have fun with the same.They just don´t let you.In the end it leaves ... not much behind. Only a feeling of emptiness.While romancing the thoughts of what this game could be.As a gamer, i want games to play and not to look at."
76561197960494678,Recommended,228300,33235412,Posted: 4 July,all,-|Nur|-,"This is a pretty good action-adventure game, but its not without its share of problems. The combat system ends up being quite fun but it takes a while for you to unlock enough combos and abilities to make it so. The game's 2084 Neo-Paris makes for an interesting setting with a bunch of good visuals (including its pleasantly sharp textures) and a solid soundtrack. The story is kinda interesting, but I didn't find the characters particularly memorable. The ""memory remixes"", which are essentially cutscenes that can be altered by the player, are a cool idea but they can get a bit irritating; their logic usually becomes apparent only after the fact. The maps are quite linear, making exploration pretty minimal as well, but they have enough variety to keep things fresh.One major problem with the game is that it has the worst mouse controls I've seen in almost 20 years. There's considerable ""dead zone"" when using a mouse, which makes any kind of precision mouse movement impossible. It's obvious the game was designed for controllers, but that didn't stop titles such as Tomb Raider (2013) and the Arkham franchise games from having excellent mouse-keyboard controls (and these games predate Remember Me!). The camera angles are problematic from time to time as well, which too is unforgivable for a 2013 game.In addition to this, every time I sat down to play, the game started to develop symptoms of a severe memory leak after about 40-50 minutes of playing, making it totally unplayable after about an hour. However, merely restarting the game solved the problem every time. (I also haven't seen anyone else mention this problem, so maybe it's just me.)Even with these very noticeable issues, I'd still recommend the game. Overall it was an enjoyable experience with enough variety to keep you interested for its entire duration (about 10 hours on normal), especially since the combat system gets increasingly fun toward the end."
,Not Recommended,228300,11734907,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"I don't like Remember Me.*Summary/Preface/TL:DR*I usually give a somewhat in depth review about games I play, but I just don't feel like it. Instead, I will highlight bullet points of what I liked and don't like. This became longer than I planned due to my writing style though.  Overall, I don't recommend it, but it has favorable aspects and going by the helpful reviews on the store page as of this writing, the average mainsteam gamer will probably be ok with this as long as they are aware that this is an extremely linear spectacle fighter with irritating combat, but a unique and interesting world, story, character and occasional use of ""memory remixing"". If the world interests you, but you can't be bothered with the gameplay, just watch some videos about the story.Likes:-Setting: A futuristic Paris in a world where people can erase, replace or alter unwanted memories. Neo-Paris looks like Mirrors' Edge mixed with Assassins' Creed.-Asthetic: I'm a sucker for cyberpunk and ""high techy"" looking games, and I like the look of the futuristic setting with bright lights and holograms. I don't know why ""SenSens"" on people necks have all these weird shapes though.-Main Character: Mostly for the fact that it's not a white male. I didn't finish the game to be bothered whether I like her as a character overall. I'm just glad to see a female, and definitely one of color.-Memory remixing: This is possibly the main hook of the game, and the most intensive puzzles of the game. I love the idea of messing with people's memories, even though you aren't actually changing what happened. It's like changing the past in a time-travel game, but without actual time travel and confusing paradoxes and conflicts.Dislikes- Combat: Oh, the combat. It has the impression of something awesome with customizable combos including unique mechanics of restoring your health and reducing cooldowns of your special moves with various attack animations, but it isn't fun to fight at all. The game feels like it wants to be Batman Arkham plus God Hand, but the free-flow is nowhere close to as smooth, responsive, and intelligent as Arkham nor is as deeply customizable and rewarding as God Hand.Long combat strings are constantly canceled out due to the need to dodge enemy attacks and while that makes for a more realistic/reasonable combat scenario, it negates the usefulness of longer combos. You technically have the ability to maintain your combo string - but it was never reliable to me. If I dodged completely out of the way of an enemy to an empty spot, then my combo was canceled. If I did a leapfrog dodge over an enemy, then it might decide to remember my combo. This unreliability in an action game focused on combos is inexcusable, and forced me to use the shorter combo strings. Worse, most enemies I could easily beat into a corner by spamming the main attack. I've spammed 'X"" more in this game than I did in Dynasty Warriors.-Extremely Linear level design: This is common for games of this type in the past generation, but it is beyond banal to constantly walk forward as if you are playing a Call of Duty campaign. Platforming is thrown in to add a sense of scale, movement and verticality, but there is little skill involved as you follow inexplicably placed markers telling you where to jump and you are ALWAYS going down a singular, set path. ""Thank goodness for all these conveniently placed ledges"", the main character probably thought.-Overall ""Hold your hand"" game Design: When new combat mechanics are introduced, the game forces you to stop what you are doing IN THE MIDDLE OF COMBAT to show you a mechanic in a menu. When you get an unlock, the unlock message stays on your screen until you press select to view the unlock in the Combo Lab. A hint system which I don't think can be turned off, though some hints are manually activated. A ""You always go forward"" level design. Hand holding jump markers in platforming - I'd honestly rather let the game do it for me so I can go through the game faster at this point. Games like Prince of Persia: Sands of Time and early Tomb Raiders had linear, but semi-skilled based platforming segments. Platforming in RM is just a more ""interesting"" way to  walk down the pre-determined path. Of course, like most extremely linear games from the past generation, once you go past a certain point in the level, you can't go back ,which sucks if you missed something from earlier in the level. ""Reload last checkpoint""? Well, the checkpoint starts right after the point of no return. If you're really desperate, you can exit to the main menu and restart the episode, which leads me to.-God forsaken unskippable cutscenes: WHY OH GOD WHY DO GAME DEVELOPERS INSIST ON FORCING THEIR CUTSCENES ON YOU?! Admittedly, the story/plot/setting are the best part of this game, so you probably want to know what is going on. But if you want to skip something you've already seen or just don't care and want to play, too bad for you. You MUST sit through a cutscene. Did you die in a battle preceded by a cutscene? Well, you have to watch it again before you start the battle over again. Oh, and it has that beloved ""slow walking while talking cutscene"" Bulls*** that so many AAA action games insist on having.-Insecure Security: Important locations are protected by flying drones that immediately kill you the moment you step in their sight range....which is just a 10 meter circle under the robot. God forbid somebody exploits their patrol pattern. Maybe there are cameras and security teams to watch over blind spots? BAH! Who needs that?! Maybe the working robots can act as cameras? Not they just sit there, not even sending a silent alarm to their owners - WE HAVE SILENT ALARM BUTTONS NOW!I nearly quit the game for good once I had to solve a riddle which would seem easy, but confusing due to its implementation (a PIN number riddle) and then I finally had it when I completed an annoying boss battle, just to be able to not finish it due to a bug where I think an enemy got stuck behind a wall. I'm not sure what happened, but my player was stuck in combat animation and I couldn't open the door out."
,Recommended,228300,16521015,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BlindReflections,"Before I say anything else, I'd like to apologise in advance for my English as it's not my native language. You may wonder why I choose to write in a language that isn't my own then - the answer is simply that I wish to share my thoughts with the widest public, and I wouldn't be able to achieve that in my mother tongue.With that out of the way, let's get to the game..thank you in advance for your patience!I find it hard to accept the Metascore this game received, I have found it to be one of the most thematically interesting games I've played.Imagine a future where your memories can be digitised, stored, erased, shared with those you care for: this is the future Remember Me takes you to.Sounds inviting, doesn't it? But I'm sure you can see the risk in this.With access granted to the last remaining haven for personal privacy, corporations gain absolute power over the individual; the abuse of memory trading taints and fades identities.But not all submit.A group forms to fight the corporations: they are known as the Errorists, and this is where your journey begins.Captured and stripped of your memories, you are freed by an unexpected ally and persuaded to rejoin the cause you once fought for, determined to regain your memories and identity.Now to the gameplay: Remember Me plays as a third person action adventure with some minor platforming, and a melee combat system that borrows from the Batman: Arkham series, not without adding its own taste to it.It all flows well and never gets overly repetitive, as combos can be customised in order to regain health, deal heavier damage or power special attacks.Enemy types are sufficiently diverse and can provide a decent challenge in the higher difficulty settings, as you will often adapt your combos to the situation.Only minor hiccup is the camera, that at times follows at angles that make it hard to have a good visual of the fight.Platforming is linear, ledges and ladders you can (and must) use are highlighted.There are collectibles scattered across levels that will grant health or energy improvements, but overall the game is linear; I don't consider this a particular flaw, as the game is story-centered and linearity keeps the plot flowing at a good pace.The level design is beautiful: Neo Paris is created with meticulous attention to details, and I often found myself stopping to take it all in, or just listen to NPCs discuss about their daily trials and tribulations.The story is obviously the strong point of the game: if you were intrigued by the premise, moving forward will never feel like a chore and will not fail to catch you off guard more than once. You are in for a treat.There is one more feature I haven't brought up yet: at set points in the story, a unique power of Nilin will be revealed.You have the ability to enter people's memories. Cool? Very.Not only that: you also have the power to change them, affecting the present! This is done by interacting with different, set objects in the memory, affecting the end result. This is a great mechanic that I felt should have been fleshed out further. Imagine not having limitations on the remix, with any result you achieve having effect on the story!Still, it is a very interesting trait that already works well in the state it is given to the player in.In summary: a gripping story, a thought provoking thematic, a setting as beautiful as it is tainted, fun combat and a unique mechanic. If any of it appeals to you, do not hesitate to immerse yourself in the not so distant future Neo Paris.And if you read this in 2084..Remember Me."
,Recommended,228300,34313924,Posted: 17 August,all,WingedBeastie,"The world that DONTNOD strives to create in Remember Me is sprawling and weighty, the ambience of leapers and cafegoers driving home that even in it's most derelict, this is a lived in world.Nilin is an amazing, multidimentional protagonist. She is at equal turns courageous and a little selfish, compassionate and wrathful. As the game unfolds it is easy to see the person she was and the person she becomes.Also the soundtrack is sick."
76561198028086019,Recommended,228300,24048763,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zais,"Well done 3rd person action game for casual players, offers about 12 hours of playtime.Good+ Graphics (quite good for 2013 game)+ Optimization (runs well on almost any GPU)+ Visual style+ Good enough story (nothing special, but it has few twists)+ Details (devs probably spent a while on all these tiny details around)Bad- Repetitive (can annoy at times)- Almost zero replay-ability- Single player (some people just can't stand single-player games)Bottom line: Buy it if you are into batman/god-of-war games and like cyberpunk"
,Recommended,228300,20561560,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gatsu,"I had to get Remember Me, after playing Life is Strange. Remember Me is DONTNOD's first game and it's great solid start :D. It tells the story of Nilin in a beautiful future Neo-Paris, who has lost her memory.  As a fan of sci-fi genre, I enjoyed this story a lot. It reminds me of some awesome movies of the genre. The game is linear and at quite many parts of the story you have to solve some puzzles, climb buildings. Remember Me also features some awesome ""rewind"" moments, where you alternate memories.The combat is fast paced, and you can customize your own sweet combos and eventually unlocking more moves. Boss fights include some QTE, which was the only downside for me as using K+M, because the button icons for K+M didn't make it very clear what to press in few moments. Resulting in some retries.I think the soundtrack is amazing, it fits well in the scenes. The game's story was really good imo and it will keep you interested to the end, as you learn more about Nilin and the city. It made me think how scary it would be, if the technology would someday evolve so far, as it is in Remember Me.So folks, try to remember and buy this game sometime :)."
76561198038892067,Recommended,228300,25375136,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kaay,"Remember Me is a game that is very easy to misunderstand.It dares to break many cliches about how a game should be like: it has no free roaming (its very linear), it has no stealth (oh the gasp), combat requires thinking and skill and thats a big problem since most players want either button mashing or pattern memorizing, none of that here. No patterns to learn since every combat will be different even when you repeat it a lot of times, and button mashing results in fast death and frustration.So what is Remember Me all about?Well, its a fast paced and spectacular roller coaster action game with a very good story and gorgeous stylish visuals.There is also more to this game than meets the eye.The story is not only good, its also deep on a philosophical level if you care for this kind of stuff, and it does something that no other videogame dared to do for many years, namely social critique.I have never seen a game taking so many stabs at the problems of our society and culture as this game did. I bow down with respect in front of the person(s) who wrote the story for this game.The combat is exceptional. It can be confusing and frustrating at first, but once you figure things out, it offers a great choice of options that you can use in inventive ways....first playthrough on errorist difficulty i was more concerned about the story so i neglected the combat, but second playthrough on hard difficulty is where the combat really shined for me. It offered a lot of freedom of choice, it forced me to understand and use the combo system properly, and it offered easy ways out of difficult situations if used properly.... but i strongly recommend to NOT play on hard on your first playthrough, ignore this advice at your own risk.Your enjoyment of this game will depend on whether or not you are open to something different, if you are able to accept and enjoy a linear game with an unusual combat system.Looking at reviews, most negative comments are about game being linear and about the combat...there is nothing wrong with a linear game when its done right (and this one is) and the combat is great if you make the effort to get into it.My only regret is that i bought this game on discount, i should have bought it full price because its more than worth it."
76561198032499499,Not Recommended,228300,15283920,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,penguinatvmi,"While the story and gameplay elements were okay, there were a few more things that I didn't like about this game that makes me want to not recommend it.I will start with the good.  Remixing memory sequences. You go into the memories of a couple characters and modify (a limited number of) things to change what really happened.Building your own combo moves.  The buttons are locked to specific sequences, but the ""power"" of each button is customizable.That's about all I really liked about it.  So the bad...  Can't skip cutscenes, most of them are quite long, and it doesn't offer any motivation to go back to collect items hidden around the levels if I have to sit through the cutscenes every time.No counter-move, only dodging, and using it messes with your button combos.  It's really frusterating trying to get a longer combo against an enemy when you're fighting more than 2 or 3 and always having to dodge.Speaking of combos, while I liked the concept, there weren't enough ""pressens"" (that's what they are called) to go around to fill out them all, even by the end of the game.  I collected ~90% of the items out there, and still had 2-3 locked button options.Hidden collectibles, I never get them all in any game and it's a major chore to even think about going back to get anything I missed.  Especially with not being able to skip cutscenes...Lastly, by the end of the game, I didn't feel all that powerful.  My combos were relegated to healing abilities and/or speeding up the cooldowns on special abilities.  Stealing memories shouldn't have been limited to getting stupid access codes.  All the special abilities and combo moves are unlocked at set points before entering combat with new enemy types.  It would have been way more rewarding to earn new moves through something that tied to the story instead of ""oh here's this new move now""."
,Recommended,228300,578006,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,B Vitamin,"Remember Me is a good game with a good story, good ideas, good visuals, interesting concepts a clever mechanic and great boss fights.The game has so many 'good' ideas that none of them are fleshed out enough to be 'great'. Some of these things could carry an entire game on their own, which makes me think that this game has tried to do too much, but none of it is done badly.The combat system seems cool at first, you are given a bunch of different moves with different effects and you make your own combos with them which again, is a cool idea at first. Some moves do extra damage, some grant health and some reduce the cool downs of your super moves, which sounds good but once you've got a combo for damage, a combo for healing and a combo reducing cool down times all set up there's really no reason to mix it up, which makes the combat somewhat repetitive.It's got a really neat mechanic where you can delve into the certain life-changing and personality-defining memories of certain other characters and find minor ways in which to change the scene so that events play out in a different way, changing the personality of the person who's memories you changed, which brings in some really interesting concepts to do with morality (and bombed me with feels in a couple of them) but it's not explored as well as it could be as you only do this at 4 set points in the entire game.Boss fights are done very well, and they're a load of fun to do with some epic visuals and environments to go with them these boss fights are one of the most well done and best parts of the game.I believe that in this case the not so good parts are redeemed by what the game does do well. I'd recommend you buy this, but maybe not a the full price of £30 that I paid unless this game looks like something you'll really love.Also the main character has a lovely booty."
,Recommended,228300,8857838,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Dr. McScience,"Remember Me has a lot of things going for it. The story's premise, that memories are malleable -- readily extracted and remixed -- is interesting and full of possibility. The setting, Neo Paris (some 70 years in the future) is well-realized, full of colour and detail. For me, the environment art was the best thing about the game; I enjoyed looking in windows, walking around living spaces, and just generally exploring. The game features a strong soundtrack, and decent enough voice acting.These positive qualities are tempered by significant weak elements, however. In particular, the core gameplay mechanic, third-person crowd fighting, is remarkably dull, and not enlivened by the ‘customizable’ combo system. There are four button combinations (increasing in length) that you can customize to ‘do’ different things (gain health, do damage, etc.), but once I had settled on combos I liked well enough, I rarely changed them. Fights quickly became repetitive and uninteresting, something to get past to move the plot forward. Furthermore, boss fights almost always end in quick-time events. The levels are entirely linear, and on-screen indicators tell you exactly where to go. What fun is Prince of Persia/Assassin's Creed style jumping and exploring when the game tells you exactly which platform is the next one in the sequence? There is one gameplay mechanic that was interesting, memory 'remixing', which requires you to 'scrub' through a memory and alter it in ways that change the outcome. Unfortunately, there are only a handful of these in the game.In short, Remember Me has a lot of solid ideas, wrapped in beautiful scenery, but hampered by dull, repetitive and linear gameplay. This development team has a lot of promise, they just need to figure out how to execute better gameplay mechanics.I would recommend this game, with reservations. On sale, for $20 or less, I would recommend it, at the very least to check out the environment and level art."
,Recommended,228300,9602526,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Dr Whistler,"An intriguing story. The combat lab keeps the the fight mechanics fresh, allowing you to modify your combos' on the fly. The only con is that of the camera angles. It can be annoying to manipulate during combat in small spaces."
,Recommended,228300,8583618,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Suikoden,"So I finally took the plunge on this for $12.49 during Steam sale...and I was so happy I did.  I am having a blast so far with it.Long story short, you forget your memory and now you're in an attempt to get it back.  The graphics are BEAUTIFUL, the music/sound is great, and the gameplay is fun for the most part.  You will be doing a lot of scaling of walls.  I don't mind the fighting even though you are pressing one of two buttons every time with a dodge here and there.  It is FUN.This game is very linear; one path.  This would have been a perfect game to spin off of Dishonoured's open world gameplay and if they made a sequel, it would be in their best interest to go open world.Thankfully, the eye candy makes it worth it.  An absolute steal at the price I got it at."
,Recommended,228300,9818185,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Jp2,"This game gripped me from the intro, the menu UI, the first level.As stylish as it can get.The gameplay is as linear as can be (a few collectables along the way take you a bit of the path, but not too much).The combos are not really combos or quick-time events but just sequences of buttons.The memory remixes are not really a game.And I still love this and would love to see more of this! If you liked Binary Domain or any other (french) 3rd person action game, you will love this one."
,Recommended,228300,13792787,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Doctor Emmett Brown,"Take the artstyle of Mass Effect and Half-Life 2, the movement of Tomb Raider, and the combat system of the Arkham games, throw em in a pot with a nice Orwellian storyline, and you get Remember Me. Clunky at times, and perhaps it tries a little too hard, but it's memorable and a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,228300,10651379,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FSantoX,"A good game with a good story. Far from perfect, but worth the playtime.A different battle system heavily inspired by the Batman Arkham games, and some climbing from the Prince of Persia/Assassin's Creed series. On the other side, the game could have been less linear. The truly unique gameplay mechanic is the memory remix, during the remix tou will alter a person's memory for your own reasons (for the story's sake actually). The only downside is that there were too few of these.The art style is amazing, and the setting (Neo-Paris, 2084) is just beautiful. Early in the game you will see some bits of the high-end of the city, and it feels truly alive. The game really makes you believe that you are always being watched."
76561198042619224,Recommended,228300,4863579,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Sun_S,"""Remember Me"" had a hard time finding a publisher, since the makers didn't want to compromise on the main character being a woman. Apparently, publishers thought that because most gamers are male, they wouldn't want to play as the opposite gender (uhh, Tomb Raider series?) and would feel awkward watching ""themselves"" if there were love scenes involved.Now Capcom has added the title to their range of games. All is still not perfect - from what I heard, they still meddled by asking for a planned love story to be removed. And as a woman, I cannot help but notice what form-fitting clothing the main character is wearing. But well.The story plays in late 21st century Neo-Paris where 99% of society have the ""Sensen"", a brain implant that allows to share and erase memories. Traumatic events can now be made forgotten, lovers can gain a greater understanding for each other by experiencing their partner's life, entertainment consists in downloading pleasant memories for cash. We start into the game as Nilin, a young woman waking up in La Bastille while her memory is being erased. Without any idea who she is, she is helped to escape by a mysterious figure and soon learns that she was a memory hunter. Memory hunters steal important memories from others, but Nilin could do more: She could remix memories to make people believe key events in their past played out differently. Now, she must find out more about who she is and soon notices the many downsides to the Sensen technology that has transformed society. She is at a focal point of it all and could well change everything ...Gameplay-wise, ""Remember Me"" borrows from other games, but it works well enough. There is a lot of hands-on combat that clearly took its inspiration from ""Batman: Arkham Asylum"", and I heard that Nilin's wall-climbing antics are similar to""Prince of Persia"" - no idea, haven't played it. The combat system adds the use of special punch/kick combos that can score a lot of damage, refill Nilin's health or her energy bar for special moves or multiply the the aforementioned effects. It's a new idea for once, although I never really had to use the highest combination and only had to start thinking about combinations around the second half of the game. Admittedly it was a bit confusing at first, and that they named things here so weirdly - Pressen, S-Pressen, PMP, Sensen DOS etc. - wasn't helping.Over the course of events, Nilin will also steal memories to help her access places and - cool idea - remix memories. Those latter segments allow for some fun experimentation: We see an event happen, then can rewind it and change various details, then see how the course of events is changed. While there is only one combination that will lead to the goal, the element of discovery here is also interesting.For me, the game was a mix of fun and frustration. Fun when things ran smoothly and the story rolled on, frustration at sometimes having to learn things by heart, like e.g. where to run while a helicopter's firing at you or, worst of it, the quick-time events at the end of a boss fight. Imagine already having drained the boss' energy to the lowest level, only having to finish things off, and then you're required to look intensely at the screen, waiting for several symbols (punch, kick, use, jump) in a row to flash up and quickly hit the key. You didn't see them clearly enough or weren't fast enough? Tough luck, back into the fight it goes. Bite marks on the keyboard may ensue.Overall, it's a solid experience with lovingly detailed graphics and a game I'd recommend. Not perfect, but something that's still fun to play."
76561198027988917,Recommended,228300,29197800,Posted: 11 January,all,cronktor,"In this game you walk around, jump ledge to ledge, climb up/down etc to progress through the various areas. It's very much on rails, as in there's only 1 way to go, this is not open world.Every so often you'll walk into a combat situation, where you punch and kick your way through several enemies using a combo system that you can customise to suit the fight. Also boss fights.Its pretty basic, almost like an interactive movie with occasional fights. But I found I really enjoyed the story. I played through the whole game in 12 hours, so its not long.Art style looks great, soundtrack is pretty good too, and is somewhat influenced by what happens during a fight.I picked this up on sale for about $5. Definitely worth it, I thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,228300,9041058,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Rabid Child,Great Sci-fi story. A truly unique experience that I would recommend to anyone. Try it.
,Recommended,228300,14315201,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Decent story, good gameplay. Would love to have been able to ""rewind"" more memories. 8.5/10Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/07/08/review-remember-me/"
76561198028174291,Recommended,228300,24604123,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ScumBob,"The story takes place in a partially believable future Paris, France in about 70 years. The Neo-Paris is beautifully created as a delightful mix of the actual historical Paris and various sci-fi elements. Overall the graphics are good and have a nice unique touch. For decent gameplay a pad controller is highly recommended. Although classified as ""FPS"" there is stricly no actual shooting, only lots of punching and kicking and firing various gadgets (firearms will be abolished in Paris in 70 years). The difficulty level is quite high, as a fairly experienced gamer I had to switch from the normal difficulty level to easy after completing only 20% of the game to avoid excessive frustration. Still I felt the battles were quite difficult at times towards the end of the game.The biggest reason why I enjoyed the game was the decent plot, and the somewhat philosopical approach at the subject. At best, it may give you a few things to think about regarding existence in general and the future of mankind and our planet.The game is not perfect, there are a few minor annoyances like sometimes accidentally not being able to go back in the level in those places where they aren't completely linear. Also the battles get a bit repetitive eventually. For a single-player game it's perhaps also a bit short. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it and would highly recommend it."
76561198197123261,Recommended,228300,20448697,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,I am only 2 hours into this game and I have to say that it is by far the most original game i have ever played.   The story is one of the best i have encountered in a game in a long time.  The combat system is very user friendly and free flowing.   This is really a great game.  The fact that you can manipulate peoples memories is such a unique aspect of this game....This is a definite must have for the gamer who loves fighting and very story rich games.  I just love it and cant say enough positive things about it.  You really must try this game!!!!!
76561198073270328,Recommended,228300,8829412,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,"Absolutely brilliant...A new IP, brilliantly realised, just the right length / variety...Great graphics and a stonking soundtrack...This type of 'middle-tier' game is something that needs to be saved, between the 'indie mega hits' and 'AAA blockbusters' - between those - real original games thrive... and not a zombie in sight!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtQafoAOhlU"
,Recommended,228300,18244124,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Scrubsauce,"First episode into the game and I was having a hard time containing my excitement.  This was the first ""AAA"" game I had played in quite a while that oozed with so much...atmosphere?  The trailers and screenshots don't quite do the prescence of Neo Paris justice, and I can see how they  may come off as a typical cyberpunkish utopia/slums contrast.  However, Dontnod's designers manage to take those tropes and somehow make them feel fresh and envigorating.  Even the UI for the menu's in the game are interesting, different, and don't feel like a hastle to sift through (the Combos Lab aside).  The Horn of Jericho is probably my favorite and the most memorable enemy offered up by the game, something about the giant angry robot projecting a shouting human mouth while roaring is captivating and creepy at the same time.The game does a really good job of pacing out the combat, puzzle solving, and platforming, delivering all three in varying doses without any single one getting too tiresome before switching gears to something else.  Collectibles are cleverly placed and most use different cues like memorizing an image to find later in the level or audio cues so they can be easily located without too much ""hunting forever to get that one achievement"" syndrome.Narrative pacing is slow to start, and just when I was beginning to presume certain portions were just poorly written the story fills in the holes and brings the player back in.  Since the protagonist starts out the game as an amnesiac this is a good hook to keep you in sync with the status of the main character.  They know just as much as you do, sometimes even less...Some enemy models get tweaked as the game progresses, so while there's not a lot of variety to the silohuettes, the combat system forces you to rethink your strategy by changing the status quo each time a new enemy type is introduced or by throwing unique combinations of enemies into a fight.  The boss fights never seem unfair, though its not always immediately clear what your goal is to wear down the enemy in those scenarios (if you are ever stuck for a prolonged period of time on a battle or in a puzzle the game can offer a hint to help you along, but this was usually not provided in my playthrough as I eventually figured it out in time).  The combat system has you slowly unlock button presses with special effects throughout the game, which can then be chained together in templates provided for combos (XYYXYY, XXX, YYYXXXXY, etc.).  These special effects range from additional damage to healing on-hit.  While not my favorite part of the game it was fun to have some control over what my attacks did when facing specific enemy types.Platforming is not an open world experience like Assassin's Creed, you can't climb anywhere (usually only on highlighted beams and ledges).  Despite movement being somewhat restricted I never felt like I was running down a linear series of hallways like some games suffer from.Puzzles come in a wide variety, some include modifying the environment through use of various machinery and your AR glove, while others involve cracking passwords or figuring out how to outsmart a drone formation patrol.  The most notable are the memory remixes, where you enter the memory of another character and look for glitches to remix to make them believe something in the past occured in an alternate fashion to help will them to the protagonist's cause.A couple of the remixes left a bad feeling in my stomach, combined with a few of the actions the player was championed into accomplishing by their ""leader"".  The moral consequences of making someone believe in a different past are rarely explored, and many of the negative actions the player has to take to get to the ending evoke a ""Spec Ops: The Line"" feeling with a lot less hating yourself and a little more ""did the ends justify the means?"" pondering.The smaller gripes I have with the game include jumping being very nearly worthless when not in a platforming scenario, unskippable cut scenes (if I die with a checkpoint right before a battle, etc.), the sometimes confused UI in the Combo Lab, and the game pausing whenever I Shift-Tab (I could at least be browsing the web during the second+ viewing of those cut scenes?).  My love for what this game does RIGHT completely eclipses those annoyances though, Dontnod has built a solid third person game with mechanics that are classic but feel fresh, and have built a beautiful world around that gameplay.  Do yourself a favor and give this game a try."
,Recommended,228300,19882923,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HydraKid,"After 2 years I would like to share with you my opinion about this wonderful game. First of all, this is my favorite game, all because of the ideas, the design of this game, the amazing soundtrack, the artworks and pretty much everything in this game, even the gameplay is not terrible as many people said.For those who are unfamiliar with the game. The game is set in the year 2084, in a futuristic version of Paris called Neo-Paris. The main character in the game is Nillin, a memory hunter. In the game there is a puzzle game were you can change the memory of your friends, and enemies - however, your actions are limited and you have to figure them out carefully. There are elements of parkour as well that makes the game feel more open even though there is no open world. Pretty much everything in the game is perfect but the combat system, which is a bit lame. In the menu you get artworks and 3D models of the story mod as well, you can get them while playing the game. I think that I've mentioned the main aspects of the game, expressing my own opinion of course..Hope you like it, thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,228300,8427270,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,WildClown,"Decent Level-design and style. But boring heroine, uninteresting and monotonous gameplay enemies."
76561198055737823,Recommended,228300,23662764,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Alora51,The visuals are stunning and the music is glorious. Only thing I don't like so far is the combo system but I'm sure I'm not the first to say so. For $6 or even $15 it's a must have for anyone with an xbox one or similar controller- I can only imagine the travesty of this game with keyboard and mouse. I'd give it a 8/10 so far- loving it!
76561197990220919,Recommended,228300,11865704,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,"Remember Me: Take a trip to Neo-Paris 2084 where memories are bought and sold which leads to the decay of society.This game is essentially a Third Person Brawler with special combos and Parkour thrown in.  Great Visuals and standard gameplay for this type of game.  There are also events called memory remixes where you change a person's memory by manipulating objects that are in their memories for different outcomes.  Overall it is a decent title.For Don't Nod's (The Development Team) first game attempt, it is very creative and original in a solid package.Many of you do not Remember Me, but you will Remember to get this title on sale!!Perv POV - Best Female Lead that showcases a Great Booty in Denim Jeans!!"
,Recommended,228300,10173678,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,fauxtronic,"Remember Me is a cyberpunk wet dream.  The camera control is a little jarring at first, and I've got a feeling it's best played with a controller, but the story is so profoundly original, and the Neo-Parisian environments so awe-inspiringly beautiful, that you quickly become immersed in and engrossed with the game's universe.  Dontnod Entertainment have expressed an interest in developing a sequel.  If it happens, I just hope they will introduce RPG elements.  It's a fantastic game - particularly if this genre is your kind of thing - but it could easily have been so much more."
,Recommended,228300,23640460,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DEVi8gmr,Decent story. Fun gameplay / combat. Graphics are good. If you want a fun action adventure game to play then give Remeber Me a shot.
,Recommended,228300,9651973,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Black Blade,"Remmber me will remmbwer, the game is an Mastier peaceIts made right each part of the game but the end is a learning prosses just as a game needs to be buildThe story is lovely and can be seen as any BlockBaster movie out there...I did have a few bugs doing play (a battle that did not finsh was by far the worst i had.. [had to restart that part it and second time it was fine])The game really makes sure to keep you on track and its hard to really get lost.. even in these they left it to look like a more open world and go down to the smallest detiles in the gameSo you ask me if i will buy it? Yes i will... i really not want to frogot these game and i hope some more games take some pages out of these to use in there gameMy highest copline abut it will be that it was a little too easy (i play nowmal so far) after you understand how to fight most of the fights become really easy to beat..And even that the ""level"" system in the game is nice its really limtied...So i really recommend it more for the guys (and girls) that love story driven game and that is artistic, less to who is looking for fighting game, as its there but if you only look for that.. i less recommendGaMe On"
76561198067613074,Not Recommended,228300,13904135,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,wheel_of_whimsy,"After beating the game, I have realized how unexciting it was. While the combat is mildly entertaining, it is fairly repetitive. The introduction of new enemies is not a fresh challenge, but rather an annoying feature, like when enemies are invincible because they are powered by other enemies you must kill first, or turn invible during combat, or hurt you every time you peform damage even when attacking with a range attack. You do climb around like Assassin's Creed, but only through set paths, which again, I found to be more annoying than anything else, mainly due to the fact that you frequently fall and find yourself in trouble. Remixing memories is a puzzle, but once again, because they took awhile to figure out sometimes, I found them more frustrating than anything else."
,Not Recommended,228300,13193383,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MasterGwaha,"Linear design (though beautiful), boring combat, remixing memories is fun but you only do it about 4 times. You cannot skip any of the dialogue or cutscenes. Story was drawn out too much by the end and the platforming is as cheesy as you can get. If you like having fun in your games, don't buy this. 5/10- IGN"
,Not Recommended,228300,29172613,Posted: 10 January,all,mellypepper5,"This could have been one of my all-time favorites. Great soundtrack. Amazing atmosphere. It has a Tomb Raider type feel for traversing certain areas - with hacking locks and moving objects in order to progress. You get to see memories via other characters, find hidden items, and learn more about the protagonist as you go. If this had been a bigger portion of the game it would have been a winner (and at first it was...)Now the downfalls.Once you go through certain doors (none of which are indicated) you can’t go back. The fact that you can’t explore is discouraging. Miss that hidden item? Oh, well. Also, if you die before the next auto-save any hidden items you did find revert back. Which will happen because the camera angles are odd and sometimes you jump to your death. Some of these items offer stat boosts.The combat is a combo fight style. For the first half of the game fights are engaging but not overly difficult or long. The boss fights were fun. One boss. Right move/dodge at the right time. Then half-way through it becomes a sh*t storm of enemies...and more enemies...and more enemies...over and over. You can’t fully use your combos at this point because there are too many swarming you. The fights overtake the game and become tiresome and a hassle.This brings me to the next issue that killed the game for me. This has some of the worst boss fights I’ve ever encountered. Some are nothing but waiting on two-minute cool-downs and avoiding attacks. Others are long drawn out button mashing torture sessions. One fight was so bad I swore I would never do another boss fight like that again. Twenty minutes later I’m fighting TWO OF THEM and their horde of zombie type enemies swarming me non-stop. My controller nearly took a rage fueled trip across the room.Since the combat is a major portion of the game I can't recommend unless on sale. A well-developed game should not be so frustrating. There was clearly a lot of ambition, but it feels like they lost focus on what they were trying to create half-way through."
,Not Recommended,228300,9697848,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Yan,"Graphics is good no doubt.The game is beautiful !The whole concept is unusual and the storyline is quite a unique.Graphics and gameplay elements are typical for CAPCOM games.If you've played RE 6 you'll know what I mean.I just didn't like the lack of freedom in this game.Everything is so straightforward.Linear storyline kills all the engagement.In comparison to Resident Evil for example , there is not much action in the game .No real puzzles either. And the whole climbing the rooftops thing looks completely redundant to me.It fits well in POA or Assasins Creed but here it's just ridiculous .I mean why the hell should I climb all those floors ,if there is only ONE way to climb them ?Yet again , too linear...I dunno ... Just NOT INTERESTING ...I've bought it with 75% discount so I think it was worth it for me after all. But don't expect much from this one."
76561198043494145,Not Recommended,228300,12872647,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Happy Gamer,"Very nice graphics let you drop in a atmospheric surrounding of hopefully never to come future. This game is just great, if you leave out the console movement of your character and the frustrating boss-fights.. Oh, by the way, I played this on the easiest I could get it on for the first play through. I wanted to soak in the story and atmosphere. The idea of manipulating what we remember is really nice, but in my humble opinion, by far not exploited enough in this game. I just saw me confronted to a lot of arcade-fights and ended up wanting to uninstall this game at each single boss-fight I had to restart at least five times.. Metro was a lot more fun! I recommend this game only because of the atmosphere, the sound and .. Not the bossfights :pAlthough some of you, used to console and arcade-like fights, might still enjoy this kind of gameplay. And don't get me wrong here, its not like mortal combat fights, its just easy stile fights with the normal opponents and leaching you out bossfights.. The atmosphere and surrounding recompense some how enough to keep me on track.. Stubborn me :pIf this is on sale, go on and grab it, you will enjoy the atmosphere. The idea of this game is just brilliant. But be aware of those bossfights and adapt the price accordingly. Oh, and make yourself a cup of coffee from time to time. That helped me out and kept me away from uninstalling and continue on track."
,Not Recommended,228300,31433951,Posted: 29 April,all,Much Aaaaaaaaa,"Surprisingly well-written protagonist strung into unfortunately underwhelming circumstances. Underwhelming in the sense that while you might be playing for the story, which is memorable but honestly slightly above average quality, you'll soon see yourself committing to a chore of an adventure to get back to the story.We'll just do a simple pros and cons, starting with the pros:+ Well-written female protagonist Nilin is surprisingly likeable despite seemingly gauged to fit that strong, witty character. She'll occasionally throw weird one-liners here and there, but they're bearable for the most part. There is very little hints of sexualizing or stereotyping Nilin's character; she's written in the sense that she happens to be female rather than just being a female character, which is probably why you'll still see people praising her despite giving this game a thumbs-down.+ Gorgeous landscape that has aged tremendously well at the time I'm writing this review. Remember Me does the justice of tossing you into Nilin's world indefinitely.+ Character design is an interesting blend of cyberpunk and modern casual wear. Even NPCs will feel somewhat individualistic to an extent. As for hair, don't ask me.+ Memory remixing is a damn well interesting concept that is well-executed. Being able to observe a person's memory through mind-hacking and then reconstructing it to one's desired result gives one the tremendous feel of playing god.And then there's the cons that kill the pros:- Extremely linear plot in a world that begs for the ability to actually change it. Remember Me is misleading before purchase, in the sense that the game's advertising seems to boast that your decisions can bring about grave consequences for the world. You can only do so much.- The plot itself is interesting, but underwhelming. There are a great many faults in this linear plot, and one is the lack of an explanation for certain characters being able to justify their current actions despite their previous actions after being mind-hacked. I say this because memory remixing does not focus on a series of events to change a person's attitude toward certain things; you literally only change one event that prompts someone to act differently.- Lack of characterization depth for almost every character that has a name. Bosses will occassionally be introduced in one chapter only to never appear once defeated. Characters who seem to be playing supporting role will eventually have you realize how minor they are several chapters in.- Lack of environment interaction. Gorgeous setting that you can neither destroy nor change upon conscious decision.- Combat is lackluster after repetition. Cyber-memory abilities are interesting (I find them to be quite fun overall), but the combos you use as your main way of combat will quickly feel repetitive, hence the mention of chore of an adventure previously.- Parkour. It's unfortunately not fun to do when you're directed to it.- The price. If you choose to still get this game, wait until it goes on sale. I for one managed to get this game at 80% off, and you can do it as well. If you like to binge games, then make sure to know that you'll probably finish the game in 12-15 hours.As for me, I'll probably still just play for achievements. I'm silly that way anyway. Overall, I don't regret buying this game. There are, ahem, memories to think of. But for new peeps who are just getting into the niche audience, I don't recommend this one."
,Not Recommended,228300,32649459,Posted: 22 June,all,Saint iGNUcius,"The art assets and concept are interesting, and a cyberpunk setting is always a plus, but the gameplay is banal and boring, and while the world presented is intriguing, the game is a series of hallways without any room to explore.You'll get about as much out of looking at the screenshots as playing the game, because it just doesn't have much to offer."
,Recommended,228300,19403424,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,s†eamed hams,"I was gonna wait until I finished the game to post this but I need the world to know how good Remember Me is.+ The most diverse range of characters I've ever seen in a game+ Beautiful soundtrack, especially the battle music cus it's influenced by your actions+ Stunning open world+ Customisable combos means fighting is way more than just spamming the same key+ Story is amazing+ Nillin's remix power is fun to play around with+ No detail is spared, a lot of thought went into this game and I really appreciate the subtle extra hints (e.g. elevator scene in Episode 7)+ Achievements are rly fun to work for+ ROBOT STRIP CLUB- The dramatic camera is annoying sometimes- Battles are 50% dodging which gets tiring but the other battle features are cool, like the S Pressens, and they kinda make up for itOverall +++++++ I love this game so much, I don't know where the bad reviews are coming from but it's so worth playing.Remember you soon."
,Recommended,228300,9063045,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,©Ώ©ĶЙỢ©ҚӘ®,"2 hours in and first impressions are good ;)Ok so it’s linear and not really anything we haven’t seen before, but it’s well done and polished, and it oozes atmosphere.The game is pretty and the music is well used and well done, some of the small effects like the digital interference when your energy is low are very nice, the whole visuals are reminiscent of Ridleys blade runner and Bessons 5th element, the entire package has a distinctly European feel to it, which is a pleasant change.The style of play is tomb raider meets teken, a sort of running jumping climbing on ledges with generic hand to hand combat combo move fighting thrown in. There are some clever visual which make you go ""oooh nice"" every now and then and reach for the screen shot button.The memory altering sections are also a nice break from the fighty climby bits.If you’re looking for a way to spend a few hours playing a stylish story/film style game with some nice clever touches I would recommend REMEMBER ME. When it’s on sale it’s a deffo purchase.Please DEVS high end texture packs for PC are always a welcome edition (sometimes the xbox shows) ;)"
76561198005819809,Recommended,228300,8535922,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,XNine,"Is it great?  No.  Will it win a GOTY award?  No.  However, the conceptual art and music are some of the best out there.  It's too bad the game suffered froma  lot of monotony.  Had the game been any longer, I probably would have given up.  It's good cyberpunk that wasn't fleshed out and released with more than just a few problems."
76561198072044943,Recommended,228300,8490793,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wendek,"An underrated game. Yes the controls are lacking (as is often the case with console portages, looking at you Darksiders) and the camera can be frustrating. The combat can also be a bit clunky and gets admittedly a tad boring after a while when compared to other titles. The game is also linear, but then again any story-driven game HAS to be quite linear by definition, the only regret is the lack of exploration inside the levels like what Dishonored (which is the embodiment of ""linearity of the story but complete freedom during each mission"") did. But you know what ? Nobody cares about this.The first good thing about the game are its gorgeous graphics and soundtrack, which is something I don't acknowledge most of the time. Then there's Nilin, one of the most interesting and endearing main characters I've seen, and this game also allows itself the luxury of playing the ""amnesic heroine"" card correctly, which is often used as a pretext to have a dull hero. Here it's the exact opposite. The other characters are also quite interesting (especially Edge), although they obviously get quite a bit less screen time. Then there's the plot itself, which is really done in a nice way with a few interesting twists. Of course cynics will always find a way to criticize it for using ""obvious clichés"" but seriously it's one of the best storylines I've seen in a videogame in a very long time. On top of that, the game asks a few very interesting and important moral/ethics questions (what would the world be if we could change memories ? Can you trust anything you know when people out there have the ability to change your memories into whatever they want ? How do those people live it ?), which is something that's a bit too lacking in recent games.In the end, we have a movie trapped in the body of a videogame. This is very obviously intended for the theaters (perhaps this is what happens when a game studio hires too many creative people/writers and not enough engineers ?), but due to the low amount of sales it's sadly an unlikely possibility. Because of this, we'll have to settle for this interactive story and forgive the gameplay defaults. Because everything else is really worth it."
,Recommended,228300,8583057,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,zombipuppy,"Without a doubt, this game has one of the best soundtracks in video game history. On that alone, I recommend a playthrough of the game. The visual design is also quite spectacular, and every time the camera shifts or pans into a vista, you can really see the detail in the game's environments. Unforunately, in the early part of the game, you spend a lot of time in some pretty boring and lackluster settings.Combat, in particular, the combo lab system, is a bit obtuse in the beginning. Once you realize the freedom you have in customizing a combo to give you extra damage, regen, or cooldown bonus, it's pretty simple to figure out the best order for your playstyle. The melee fighting behaves very similarly to the Batman Arkham games, where stringing combos and dodging at the ""!"" prompts allows you to wipe the floor in most cases. The boss fights are particularly fun when the game throws a good mix of enemy types for you to handle all at once. They can get tricky, and I had the most fun in those scenarios.Certain cinematic moments (particularly a certain chase sequence) can leave you frustrated due to its trial-and-error nature. Thankfully, that kind of stuff does not happen often.The story is enjoyable enough, particularly near the end, and if you're open to some cheesy sci-fi, you'll have a good time. Don't expect to be blown away, though.Again, I can't stress enough how much the music in this game makes it for me. Without that glitchy, up-tempo, orchestral soundtrack, I don't think I could recommend the game as much. It makes that much of a difference. If anything, get the soundtrack if you really don't want to play the game, though the two go hand-in-hand rather beautifully."
76561198001582593,Recommended,228300,9268244,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Weeb Lord,i dont remember this game
,Recommended,228300,9073013,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"This game goes on my top reccomendations & if it's on sale, don't think twice!!"
,Recommended,228300,8538796,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[SpA]Banana,"Remember Me is in my eyes a totally underrated game if you're only a little bit into this type of game. It feels like a great cocktail of Mirror's Edge, Tomb Raider and Batman Arkham Series. The game takes place in the year 2084 in a world shaken by nature after the ice melted and a company invented a brain implant to manage your memories.Pros:* The visuals are astonishing. I really dug into the art style. Take a look at some of the screenshot and it will look even better in motion.* The sound/music is awesome, too. Great compositions and dynamic mixes (e.g. for fights).* The story! It great. You must play it to experience that on your own. Made me think what's going on in my head once or twice. ;-)* The love for details. I felt really impressed on how much work they invested into (small) details. Floating signs telling you the store is closed, but the website is online or to watch your step close to an edge, just make the world to feel complete. The memos you can find, will tell you stuff like details about the history of the world.* Memory Remixs: During the game you have to manipulate a couple of memories which is done by ""scrolling"" the memory forward and backward and change simple things like the position of a chair which may make the scene to come to a whole different ending.OKs:* Fights are like Batman, but not that fluid. You've got lots of enemies and mixed up types. So you have to manage your techniques and modify your combos to match new challenges. During fights you bulld up focus which allows you to trigger special moves you're granted through the story.* Traversing the linear levels is basically straightforward. The climb/jump/shimmy stuff feels like Tomb Raider, although there's always a marker pointing where to go. All over the level are hidden powerups/memos so you have to look left and right.* There are quick time events in the boss fights. They may feel cool, but I don't like them when they force me to repeat stupid stuff (like part of the fight before) when I press the wrong button.Contras:* I had some control issues (keyboard+mouse) with an action scene where you're chased by a madman in an armed helicopter. Dunno if they were not precise enough or if it was just me.* One boss fight is somehow plain stupid as its extremly repetitive. It took some tries to get the basics and then it was not really fun. All other bosses felt much better designed.Overall: You have to play it yourself!"
,Recommended,228300,8702090,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,FOXX5,"This is a great game. I had a blast playing it. I play 99% of my games with keyboard and mouse, but I don’t recommend it with this game. In fact when I switched to my Xbox controller for PC the game mechanics and combat just worked 100% better. The game has cool features I don’t remember encountering in other games. You can build your own combos with certain bonuses in them such as healing, or special ability cool down decreaser. The enemies are fun each type you have to find the right tactic and/or combo to counter them. This keeps the fights interesting throughout the game. There is also a feature in the game where you can hack someone’s brain and change their memories by altering small things and see how it plays out until you get the result you are looking for. The story is strong and a little emotional. I got this game on sale around 20 bucks and I think that it’s a fair price. It took around 12 hours to complete. After you are done you can jump to different levels to complete achievements you may have missed. Graphically the game is awesome; very detailed and polished. I rate this 89/100.The city could have been a little more open and I wish I could have gotten a little more detailed with the combos."
76561197972304884,Recommended,228300,8424369,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Riotpump,What happens when social networks go too far?  That is the future that Neo-Paris exists in and is the premise of this game.  It's a solid title especially for 75% off.  Has that whole Matrix/Bladerunner feel to it without being or utilizing the overused elements from those movies.  Oh and who doesn't enjoy a good remix ;p
76561198041029302,Recommended,228300,24223297,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,grind8,I just finished playing this game. Here is my opinion:I liked the story so much. The end was just awesome.The gameplay was fun but became kind of repetitive at the end. The memory remixing was always cool though.I like the graphics and the way Neo Paris looks.All in all I am glad I bought this game.
,Recommended,228300,8782036,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jean,Not bad at all. Definitely worth checking out.
,Recommended,228300,22169621,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Crunkstar,"Amazingly underrated game with one of the most original worlds in recent times. I saw some of its concept art floating around the internet before finding out what game it belonged to, and those pieces, while great, don't do that game any justice when you actually see the game in motion. Every piece of art has been translated over into the game world flawlessly.The story is reminiscent of creative works such as Ghost in the Shell, Blade Runner, Total Recall, and the such, which I'm sure without a doubt that those works had a huge influence on its narrative, and its very telling in its aesthetic that it definitely took influence from those. The combat system is kind of like the rythmic sort of combat that's become the norm in a lot of action games, such as the Batman Arkham series of games, or for example Assassin's Creed. The game also allows you to build your own combos, with a variety of different effects that you can unlock and choose from, in an a la carte type customization.While not that long of a game, I do think it is a very engrossing one, although my one constant complaint that I would have with this game is that the camera isn't the greatest, in fact it can be pretty frustrating to deal with sometimes, but it's really not that much of a hassle once you get used to it.I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for an action game, something with an original story, and with an interesting world. It's a shame that this didn't get much exposure, or money, so I kind of doubt that it'll get a sequel. Which is a disappointment, since original games like this are few and far in between in a modern market saturated with sequels or adaptations of already existing IP's,"
,Recommended,228300,32911749,Posted: 27 June,all,Mrs. Lollipop995,Good story and gameplay
,Recommended,228300,17262326,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Red Saber,"Holy crap the story of this game is super interesting, combat system are simple yet requires strategic combos, and a little mix of puzzle/ platformer.One of the most memorable game."
,Recommended,228300,8655384,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ne[a]era,"Very enjoyable game! The graphics (I used SweetFX aswell) are wonderful and the Story was terrific (especially the ending). The Combat System is somewhat strange at first (because you'd think it wouldn't differ so much from DmC/Darksiders etc. but it does. It feels just very different at first, but once you get used to it, it is good (not optimal, but good). It took me around 12 Hours to complete on the hardest difficutly and I'd strongly recommend a gamepad to play!"
76561198014621099,Recommended,228300,13751009,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DW2054,"Absoutly epic game.  Bladerrunner meets shadow run meets the matrix.  Excellent (for the most part) dialog, plot, twists, and game play.  Highly recommend this one!"
76561198003476696,Recommended,228300,2174186,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,DrFluffy,"What a thrilling ride this game has turned out to be.  The storyline ins intriguing and sophisticated.  There are no guns in this game its all memory mind weapons and street fighter light action combat.  Once you get familiarized with how the combat works it just blows you away.  There is nothing so satisfying as completing a five point combo and seeing the powerful effects it has on your enemies.  The game environment is so beautiful and cyberpunk this includes Nilin the protagonist.  My one and only gripe is the world is so detailed and beautiful it compels you to explore it but the game story is linear so you can't deviate too far.  Other than this little, tiny, hiccup it is a genuine cyberpunk rollercoaster.  I give it a 9/10."
76561198031579815,Recommended,228300,23682212,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ruffneck,"What to say... great game, awsome graphics and great price but... there is always a but... fighting combos are pretty much the same, some actions are pretty dumb, like hitting ""E"" key while holding shift just to synch to open a door, it's a door nothing else, considering you can still memories and reshape them and you have a great glove to interact with stuff the action to synch is silly.The story is cool.All in All will give a 3 out 5... few entertaining hours if you don't mind to bash keys."
,Recommended,228300,34718217,Posted: 3 September,all,The Guy,""" So empty, so true .. "" Grabbed this game on sale about a week ago and had lots of fun with it. The story and the music are good, the combat system takes some time getting used to, but it's manageable. The only negatives are some game bugs but they can be easily solved with reloading the checkpoints. The mnesist memory collectibles contain some really interesting information about the whole situation and what has happened,  just loved reading those. I'd definitely recommend Remember Me. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,24137158,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,slimak[PL],"having fun ---> beautiful environments, combat is cool enough and I never was into this sort of games in the first place. I think its thanks to the incredible world devs put together. also all elements work very well as a whole. definitely worth playing. absolutely positively one of the nicest & most exotic games out there."
,Recommended,228300,7905315,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MGRGXY,The game looks nice and the cyberpunk feeling is right there. But you get bored quite easily.
76561198045291203,Recommended,228300,7918548,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ensignedwards,"Not quite as brilliant as I'd hoped, but Remember Me deserves a lot of credit for its original concept and beautifully realized world. Between the stunning graphics, exdellent audio, and well thought-out universe, this is a game you don't so much play as live. I also found the combat fairly engaging, if a tad repititve.Its greatest strength is how thought-provoking the concept of commercialized memory is. This is a very morally murky game, and if you like a story that engages your mind instead of simply telling you, ""these guys are bad, go kill them,"" Remember Me is worth your time.On the whole, an underrated game that deserves more love than it's gotten."
,Recommended,228300,23672824,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,me,"Disclaimer: I bought Remember Me on sale (80% off) and refunded it after about an hour of playtime. Hence the ""received product for free"" annotation.The narrative is quite interesting. Remember Me plays in a cyberpunk-ish world where memories have monetary value, and thus are being stolen and traded on a black market.The Gameplay is split up in combat, climbing sections and memory alteration puzzles. The puzzles are not necessarily hard, but with its groundhogday-ish nature they're quite entertaining.The predetermined combo button strings and enemies with too much HP results in ridiculously boring combat. Climbing and platformer sections are really, REALLY boring on-rails sections that look a lot like prince of persia, but doesn't play anything like it.Cutscenes are unskippable. This is a game that you want to play for the story and the story alone. Get it if the story concept interests you, but not if you're looking for a good Beat 'Em Up."
,Recommended,228300,15473806,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,stardust,"What makes this game great is the mix of beautiful graphics, the interesting female protagonist of color, the combat system, the thrilling story and the adrenalizing soundtrack. It surely isn't the greatest video game ever created but sadly immensely underrated; it offers so much new since you're not in your generic white American town and the plot actually isn't already overused. While the main story only takes about 10 hours to finish and there are no side missions, it has a great replay worth since you can create completely different fighting combinations which, especially on memory hunter mode, give the game a whole new level of difficulty.Please give this game a try, if you're not willing to spend 30 bucks wait for the steam sales when it drops down to 6, and immerse yourself in the beautiful world of Neo Paris!"
,Recommended,228300,9616392,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,.:ToOoMa:.,Good Game
76561197967645948,Recommended,228300,11155753,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,McRed,"This one gets a big fat MEH from me. Great visuals, interesting concepts, so-so gameplay, very lame dialogue and voice acting. I can take it or leave it really. But I can see how some folks could find this game quite enjoyable. So I give it a half-hearted thumbs up."
,Recommended,228300,26127108,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hermes,"Remember Me. A somewhat dystopian action-adventure centered around a woman suffering a little bit of amnesia and lost in place.Story-wise: You play as Nilin, an young Afro-French prisoner in Paris, 2084, whom has undergone a memory wipe yet clings to her birthname and faint thoughts that lack a connection to anything. Before you were taken away, a voice calls for you. Referring to themselves as ""Edge,"" they tell you to escape, that you do not belong in the facility, seeking a route to a burial dump.Your job is to follow Edge's guidance and find all the puzzle pieces missing to Nilin's memory. Fight off the authority and figure out what is happening in Neo-Paris.ReviewThe GoodProgressing in the game, new and quite interesting characters are introduced that provide a new spice to Nilin's backstory, learning what it is or was that she had planned before being arrested and sedated. The atmosphere of this future city is nicely done as well; major elemnts of the gameplay require some parkour to cross over areas and some combat.The BadWhenever it comes to fighting enemies, the combo system does not allow much and only allow a set of combinations. Building more power for attacks depends on your awareness of enemies surrounding you; meaning that if you push out a series of punches and kicks and suddenly get disrupted by a rear attack, it takes time to rebuild all the lost power. Some parkour sections are difficult sometimes, especially if it wears a pitiful jump across a gap or ledge that may often be hard to accomplish. Though the story is quite interesting, a bit of the twists can be a little predictable or poorly executed.Concluding CommentsIt has given me a lot of decent playtime and features a bit of unique that I hope to say about a lot more games coming in the upcoming future.--Hermix."
,Recommended,228300,13282535,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,zone,"It's a fairly standard sprawling yet linear adventure: think Half-Life 2 and The Last of Us.  Though it is completely on rails, it feels vast, like you're carving a natural path through a huge mega city.  It is also GORGEOUS.  Constantly.  I mean, it may not be the most technically advanced game out there, but it has world design on par with HL2's City 17.  Combat is button-mashing combo junk like Assassin's Creed or Shadows of Murder with annoying QTEs capping off boss fights, which is really the only disappointment the game presents (aside from very restrictive ""platforming"" segments filling out most of the game).  More pleasantly, maybe it's the agile woman protagonist in a French sci-fi setting, or maybe it's thematic parallels between memory access technology and photography, but I feel the spirit of Beyond Good & Evil in abundance here.  As a fairly enjoyable hop and skip through a fantastic dystopian future landscape, I would recommend it for the visuals alone."
,Recommended,228300,14871564,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SouperPhreak,"It is very rewarding seeing the story through to the end. Only catch is - you have to be open to accept a new game no matter how many you've played in your lifetime.That is what being a gamer is.I've heard far too many complain about this being done before, I like this game's sci-fi setting along with the plot, amazing visuals, and combat that gives you a feeling of satisfaction after beating up all those bad guys in an uber fancy combo."
,Recommended,228300,8187352,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MrGiggles,"Remember Me was, well.. memerable.  From the voice acting to the cinematography.  Simply a beautiful game.Visual/audio 90/100.The fighting/action and mechanics were easy to master and not very hard or complicated.  There were a few times where it bugged out just a bit. Some Boss battles required you to learn timing and triggers and became a little predictable.  Over all 75/100.Story was linear but well done with a few suprises thrown in to keep you involved. 80/100.A nice feature of the game was reminicent of Mirrors Edge.I kept wanting to yell Parkour after jumping from ledge to ledge to overhang.  Parkour!All-in-All I would give it an 80/100.  I would recommend Remember Me for someone looking to be told a story and enjoy a visual experience."
76561197997058321,Recommended,228300,23662319,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,woven,"I can understand the critiques, but I think this is a great game.  One of the few that I didn't turn off the music and enjoyed enough to keep going to the end.  Used a controller with no issue.  If there was a sequel I'd be interested.  Worth the sale price for sure!"
,Recommended,228300,29749463,Posted: 6 February,all,PaleRick,"Interesting bossfights, fun combat, great cyberpunk atmosphere, a bit short though, but would recommend to anyone either way, had a blast with this game."
,Not Recommended,228300,15433619,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ICS,"This game looks nice but thats pretty much all there is. I had serious trouble to get the game started. Switching it from game dx config to windowed mode helped but once you get to the game, it does look nice and feels nice untill......untill you get into a combat. You need to time your shots, while enemy comes at you. You cant beat them off like let's say in batman games. You are stuck with combos and their combinations and timely executions of a button. This is damn annoying and drives me away from playing the game through. How can something so common be messed up so badly?If you like agonizing timed button presses, get it. If not, don't."
,Recommended,228300,23661340,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,karl barx,"a truly unique game setting, with stunningly beautiful platforming sections, and an amazing soundtrack, unfortunately spoiled by repetitive combat.if it's on sale, go for it. You won't be dissapointed"
,Recommended,228300,31652742,Posted: 9 May,all,Morizero,"More like a story than a game, RM is a beautiful cyberpunk beat-em-up. Really top notch visuals, even if a bit dated. Thanks."
,Recommended,228300,12183279,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,AbedsBrother,"Remember Me is a great little game, though on the surface it might seem like less. If you play games for the gameplay, and not the story, you'll probably be disappointed. Ideas from other games abound. There's some climbing a la Assassin's Creed, but the path is always indicated - there's no exploration to find the best way up. There is one way to progress through each level, not multiple ways, like in Dishonored. The way some exploration mechanics play out may make you think there might be another path through the level, but there isn't. The combat mechanics are ripped straight out of the Batman Arkham series, though with a twist: instead of button mashing, you get to build and individualize your combos.So why do I recommend it? Well, high production values mean great graphics, sound design and some really great music (played by the Philharmonia Orchestra, no less). Lots of screenshot opportunities. The combat system, though derivative, is not a chore, and by the end I was having fun customizing my combos and taking enemies down in different ways. Puzzle solving to get through a level was consistently fun.The story revolves around a search for identity. Memories have become digitizied and commodified; memory hunters (like the main character) can steal and manipulate memories to change others' perception of reality. You play as Nilin, a memory hunter whose memory has been almost completely wiped, but who escapes her captors and spends the rest of the game attempting to discover who she really is (with the help of her faithful assistant / boss, Edge). Though occasionally predictable, the story is told well, helped by good voice acting and tough, thoughtful writing. And the ending, if bittersweet, is very satisfying.  A key part to the concept of memory and motivation is the fun puzzle-system ""the memory remix."" You are presented with a memory and need to alter a sequence of events to change a character's memory of events - and their motivations in the story.  Memory Remixes are very cool, Inception-like sequences that occur multiple times (to the game's credit, it is not over-used). Easily one of the best parts of the game.Remember Me is a fun experience whose story and memory-manipulations just edge it towards the unique. And there are other games (like Alan Wake) whose progress is extraordinarily linear but still manage to tell a unique story via a fun experience. Pick it up on sale for six dollars, and prepare for a fun 8-10 hours."
76561198031151469,Recommended,228300,27360128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fastplant,Remember Me™ is a game you will remenber and wanting a bit more
,Recommended,228300,17218703,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,YogurtStorm,"7.5 / 10Remember you later.OverviewRemember Me is an action adventure game set set in the fictional city of Neo-Paris of 2084. You play as Nilin, a young, recently-turned-amnesiac woman who has clearly been having a pretty bad day. Nilin must regain her memories through hurdles presented both by the engrossing, eccentric environment that is the city and the evil entity that is the Memorize corporation.StoryBeing set in the future, the game naturally attempts to present a futuristic atmosphere and encompassment to the setting. Remember Me does a great job with this. Neo-Paris is a fascinating city saturated with surreal ideas like fancy heads-up holographic signage for nearly anything of even minor interest and, of course, the capitalization of the human memory (blame Memorize). The story holds up fairly well and, though sprinkled with a few cliché set pieces, has some very interesting twists and ideas that give it fair value. A heavy start that occasionally crawls to a furious finish.GameplayWhen you are presented with the first combat scenario (the major gameplay aspect of the game), this is where Remember Me either pulls you in or whispers ""Uninstall me"". The combat unfortunately feels a little stiff. It's not bad by any means (and I'll explain why) but it has its limitations. The entire combat experience feels somewhat grounded, which comes off as odd because the rest of the game suggests furiously-free, fluid mobility. Nilin hits fast and can leap around by somersaulting over enemy shoulders, but it feels ''on rails'' to some extent.Stiff combat acrobatics aside, fighting in Remember Me is redeemed by the clever Pressens combo system. Through experience, Nilin acquires Pressens, combat moves that can then be creatively placed into one of four combo chains found in the Combo Lab at any given moment. How you mix these up as you encounter different situations will greatly affect your performance. If you never change your combos, you will not progress through the game. Pressens come in three varieties: Power, Regen and Cooldown. Power hurts, Regen is obvious and Cooldown converts hits landed on bad guys into shaved time off of cooldowns for your S-Pressens, unique moves that specifically target or damage particular enemy types. Some S-Pressens are a necessity to defeat certain enemy types, and that's where your Pressen combos come in handy. You need to calculate (usually through trial and error) what Pressen sequences you'll want to assign to which of your combo chains depending on the enemies you face, or just go all-out Power and succumb to repetitive failure. I suggests learning about Pressens.TechnicalRemember Me did leave some bitter impressions on the technical side of things. Gorgeous visuals aside, the game leaks memory very easily and performance issues become easily noticeable. After anywhere from 1 to 3 hours of gameplay, the slick 60+ fps framerate would non-subtly dip to a variable 30-40fps (it only takes up to 30 minutes for this to occur when soaking in-game). A reboot of the title temporarily fixes the issue, but you will need to repeat this process every few hours.Throughout the 26 hours of game time I have with Remember Me, I've stumbled across 6 instances of very severe progression-breaking bugs that each left me needing to restart the entire chapter. I encountered only one of these during my first playthrough. During my follow-up playthrough, knowing how to progress quickly, I fell upon the other 5. Most of them seemed to be caused by simply interacting with or completing objectives too fast which is a shame, epecially since Remember Me doesn't let you skip any cutscenes or cinematics. Some of these are long and they're quite abundant, so when you're trying to speed through a second playthrough for some missed achievements, you're gonna do a lot of waiting.The TL;DRAll in all, Remember me is a solid 7.5 / 10 for me. Fair points lost for noticeable technical flaws of the PC port, but a strong overall note thanks to the creative setting, solid visual work, a soundtrack so fitting that it's practically transparent and a mostly-pleasant gameplay experience. Here's to a sequel that hopefully delivers even bigger."
,Recommended,228300,12839109,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,superhotamie,I am really enjoying this game.  I like the story it's different and interesting.  What I do not like is creating my own combos.  It can be a little frustrating sometimes.  I would recommend this game and I bought it on sale.  It is definelty worth playing if you are in the mood for a good single player game.
76561198063901013,Not Recommended,228300,19922981,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,NeoKorean,"Just played/finished the game (It's a very short game, took me about 7 hours). It's a very interesting concept and story there's no doubt about that. Although I wouldn't say that it touches on our social media at all. It's more on the verge of talking about advancement in technology in regards to how it might affect us on a physical/mental level, which in this case using human memories to regulate our society. It's a game definitely inspired by many other forms of media like the anime Ghost in the Shell and Deus Ex. Deux Ex imo is a far more polished game that literally trumps this one in terms of sheer story, gameplay, and characters.I would say that the plot of this game was ""average"" at best. It was nothing amazing and thought provoking like the 2 forms of media I mentioned earlier. The writing and dialogue is a little tacky, and there's little to no character development. The only character you will really follow is yourself. You don't really interact with many other people at all, and the motives of the people you bring down are quite cliche. I applaud the developers for making an entire world that is ran by people using their memories to get by, but they didn't write a stellar story at all.Gameplay is repititive, but kind of cool for the first hour. The only unique thing this game has is the ""Remix"" sequences, which allows you to tap into a memory, and change it resulting in the victim remembering a fake memory instead of the real one. It's kind of cool, but you only get to do it like 4-5 times.Honestly I would pick this game up if it's on sale, making it like $4. Other than that I would recommend playing Human Revolution, which is a far superior game than this. They're both quite different, but share the same sci-fi like setting, but Deus Ex goes way deeper."
,Recommended,228300,23671830,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,~ A Valid Username~,Sorry but.... I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME IT'S AMAZING
76561198018866220,Recommended,228300,12931782,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,☻ pab.rock ♫,"Jogo muito bom, hitória muito interessante, recomendo este game, nota 10"
76561198004782900,Not Recommended,228300,10245906,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,wiesmi01,"None of the mechanics really click.  Both the combat and plat forming are ok at best, while the idea of memory manipulation is underused.  There were more than a few moments that had me walking away from the game in frustration.  The story is ok, but nothing memorable."
,Recommended,228300,7379993,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Meatbug,"I'm so glad i didn't missed out on this one.It's a pretty good game, though i can't deny it has it's flaws (but imho it's just minor ones).First things first: You play as Nilin, a Memory-Hunter in Neo-Paris (Year is 2050something).People can actually alter memories, share them and remove unwanted ones.You've lost your memory and escape a facility to search for the truth and your own identity.Gameplay is very similar to the Batman-Arkham Games. You'll fight your way through enemies, using combo-attacks. There are predetermined combos mixing punches and kicks, while you can decide which special ability should be triggered, as you can have an attack either be powerful, giving a bit of health back to you or shortening the cooldown-time of your more powerful skills.It's an interesting concept and i found myself playing around with it, trying different playstyles.The graphic is very good and has a great artstyle.The story is also quite good, and keeps you interested (at least it did for me).One of the more unique features, to actually alter memories to give it a different outcome (plays a bit like watching a videotape, fast forwarding, rewinding plus the ability to change different predetermined things), is used rarely, which is a shame as this was pretty much fun.About the flaws:The camera is annoying from time to time and using mouse + keyboard feels a bit inaccurate.It is VERY linear, though i didn't found that a negative thing as it was supporting the story, people might dislike the lack of freedom.The Story itself also feels a bit like a mix of Inception, Assassins Creed, Johnny Mnemonic and other Movies and/or Games, but it still felt pretty unique.All in all, if you like 3rd person games like Batman Arkham Asylum/City or Assassins Creed, then you should keep an eye on this one."
76561198049733975,Not Recommended,228300,34593161,Posted: 29 August,all,Son of Simon,"I'm only four hours in and it's just too dull to keep going. Remember Me is a long walk down a long hallway. There is an occasional long boring fight, or a long irritating puzzle, and long unskippable cut scenes. The cut scenes are the best part of the game. If you are thinking of buying this because you liked Life is Strange, don't."
,Recommended,228300,8484250,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Menos Grande,Awesome game! 10|10
,Recommended,228300,15876385,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Yoshi,Remember you soon
76561198002124849,Recommended,228300,30395944,Posted: 8 March,all,Fou-Lu,"A short but sweet cyberpunk action game that will likely leave you ""remember""ing the storytelling far more than the gameplay itself.In 2080-something, the world of Neo Paris is addicted to memories. All citizens have a device attached to their spinal cord that allows them to share and download memories from other people and other lives. Cool, right? Except for when the devices malfunction and spur mutations in the host, leading to ""leapers"", or half the enemies you fight in the game.You're Nilin, a 20-something kung-fu pro that has had her memories stolen and has been imprisoned. You spend the game running, jumping, and kicking your way to reclaim what was lost.The platforming is remniscent of the Tomb Raider games, except easy mode. There are AR-style icons to indicate where you need to jump next, and the magnetism is enough so that you'll very, very rarely ever miss a jump. If manual platforming isn't your strong suit, then no worries here, as it doesn't really add much to the game except a nice sense of verticality.The combat is much stronger, but still not the game's strongest point. It's solid and snappy, and dodging is very fluid and easy to do, so no complaints there. Unfortunately, while you can customize your combos in the sense that when you press 'X' here, you regen health or do more damage, your combos themselves are static, and there's only four - a 3 hit, 5 hit, 6 hit, and 8 hit respectively that unlock through game progression, and the button patterns are always the same. While this allows you to learn the combos quickly, it leaves very little in the way of innovation.More fun are the special abilities that you learn which allow you to take out certain enemy types with a consumption of Remember Me's equivalent of a Super bar. Without giving away too much, you essentially ""hack"" the world and enemies around you for extra-powerful attacks.All of that takes a back seat to the storytelling though, which is where the game shines. The writing is never longwinded, the characters are (usually) interesting and have their own strong motivations and desires, and you'll even occasionally discover some fairly poignant quotes and very well-written lines of dialogue.The plot culminates quite solidly at the end, despite some shortcutting in the final chapter that leaves a little bit more extrapolation of the final boss and his motivations to be desired, but all in all it's a satisfying and extremely pretty adventure that you might even want to revisit after the game's moderately short 8 hours with the new game plus feature.Pros:+Very good writing and interesting setting+Solid heroine+References to Gibson, Ghost in the Shell and other well-known cyberpunk franchises+Excellent graphics+Smooth combat+Collectibles and worth replaying for completionist statusCons:-Platforming is not challenging at all-Few puzzles with easy solutions-A bit short"
76561198001980312,Recommended,228300,19267933,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chummy 8,"Remember Me is a hard game to recommend outright. As a whole it is a largely linear campaign with plaforming sections. You basically go from platforming to combat room to more platforming. The game does try to be unique with the create - a - combo mechanic that was fun to mess with even though you'll be pressing the same two buttons most of the time.  The memory scrubbing that you do are like modified cut scenes that you play with going back and forth to find the best way to achieve the objective.Now, I am a huge cyberpunk fan. And the setting is the main reason why I bought this game in the first place.  The gameplay and story kept me going to the end. And, that is pretty much all I ask of a game like this. In the end, I am happy I played it.I recommend it if you can find it on sale.  Since this such a short game, this is a game that is worth your time."
76561197985322199,Recommended,228300,11836706,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Akely,"For some reason I find this one of the best games I've ever played. Perhaps it's the interesting and well written story. Or the pretty much flawless motion capture, voice acting or dialog? Could be that the futuristic Paris is one of the must stylish and well imagined sci-fi settings I've seen. Possibly the slick game elements of the memory re-mixing and building of the fighting combinations. But perhaps the most probable reason is that the game made me think a lot. Not only about the game aspects, but mostly about the story and its implications.Anyway, it is despite being quite a linear game one of the most enjoyable solo gaming experiences I've had in many many years. I will make sure to keep my eyes open for anything else made by the same artists."
,Recommended,228300,12195521,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Tanatas,"Nice mix between Mirror's Edge and Assasins Creed, Also enjoyed the story, the way combos are performed and all the movements that our girl can do! I do anjoyed this game!"
76561198126535571,Recommended,228300,19232415,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cynical Croissant,"I loved the story, although the ending was a bit predictable. If you are looking for a story-driven game with atmosphere, go for this one. The gameplay is not so great, battles with bosses are repetetive and the game is easy (even on the highest difficulty) overall. Memory remixing is fun and a very interesting concept, I would love to see more of it, though (you get to do it only 4 times). The game is lineral, which is not necessary a bad thing, but I wanted to see more of the beautiful Neoparis. What is absolutely flawless, is the OST.Post Scriptum- Play this with a controller if you can, gameplay with keyboard is really bad. At least it was for me."
,Recommended,228300,11220505,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,C0ffeeMonsta,"fantastic game, i really enjoyed the storyline and the gameplay, its a hidden gem. 8/10"
,Recommended,228300,13286791,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Deimoks,Pros:Nilin is hot.Amazing storyline.Stunning graphics.Very detailed world.Combat system.You can remix memories.Cons:Linear.Only 5 memory remixes. Why so few?Can't skip cutscenes.Spanish voices. Just terrible.Absolutely recommended. Score: 9/10.Remember you soon!
,Recommended,228300,11371270,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ModernZebra,Quite linear but overall enjoyable.
,Recommended,228300,20417661,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Crass Spektakel,"Remember Me is a linear SciFi story with batman-style combat and tombraider-style movement. And Lord of the Rings is about a little guy who carries around a ring.Lets get serious again... it has good art, very nice sound track, nice animations. The world is fancy and entertaining but the real star is the story, it is a rare example of smart scifi which touches heart and mind equally well. There are also some unique minigames like changing the memory of people. Also the balance between exploring, combat, puzzles and mini games is good.Surelly there is some bad stuff too, the game is totally linear (but trust me you wont mind), has only auto save points (but lots of em), has little replay value, a couple of little bugs (had to restart the game 3-4 times), things sometimes get a little repetitive (but only slightly) and some battles and quick time events are a little bit unbalanced. Also while the ""old Paris"" scenery was gorgeous there was too much ""that sewer again"" and ""yet another generic scifi service tunnel"". Sometimes I stepped through a door which immediatly locks and I lose my chance to explore some more rooms. No serious problems but definitly not perfect.Would I buy again? Absolutely. I have enjoyed every minute of it. 8 out of 10 points."
,Recommended,228300,23744713,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,That Guy,"A fun game, a really neat concept, but it seemed to be lacking in content.Let me explain:Throughout the game you come across various shops and civilian npc's, however, non of it is interactable. Which is fairly disappointing since the game came out in 2013, 2 years after Dues Ex Human Revolution, (which is way more interactive). It seemed as though the devs were trying to win a race or they belived the system capabilities would not be enough to handle an interactive enviroment. A couple more years, (2016), and they would not be able to sell the game without this.Another feature of this game is that, bear with me here, it is French made. Let me expand on this: if you are looking for a violent platformer, might I suggest assassin's creed, but this is not the game for you. It has a VERY intricate story, arguably 2 ""energy"" guns (its an upgrade on 1 gun), and a WHOLE LOT of martial arts moves. It also has this wierd feel to it, its kind of hard to explain, that you need to damn near die to beat the game (there is no coming out powerfully on top, it will always be a pyrrhic victory), and I played the game on the easiest difficulty.Lastly, it is arguable that there are too few ""bosses"", and too many ""swarms"" where in place of a boss, they just pack the room full of enemies to Chun Lee your way through.Some other minor problems I have had might be because I'm using a mouse and keyboard, but the controls at times, such as dodging and selecting buttons. Also, there are a few minor glitches, (I only counted 2 and they weren't gameplay changing). You also can't skip cutscenes.I know I did a lot of complaining here, but overall, the game has a great story, a huge concept (the devs need to make a second one), and an overall good game.$20? No       $10? Maybe        $9 or less? YesP.S. I just noticed that there is some sort of dlc for this game, I didn't have it, so I don't know if it makes the game better or not."
76561198095952785,Recommended,228300,24653980,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,©SEVENess™,"I knew this game throught watching some channal on youtube. Then I decided to buy this game during summer sale about 50 Baht. This was worthwhile for me .First, I'm interest many architectures in this game and how to describe the story in each character. Especially in minigames have many way to patch in each person memory. These included with high quality graphic , just few being bak during play time but that not all the time. If who focus in collected achivement like me ,I recommend you because each pieces not too difficult to collecting but you need to have some guideline that you can watch on Youtube."
76561198182771167,Recommended,228300,22342855,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Abominable,"WHAT A GAME!This was such an adventure to go on, very good story, very rich and full of detail, though the game play was somewhat lacking, it was shadowed by the writers behind this game. amazing visual effects and characters. I would recommend this game to everyone again and again. I've even played it a second time simply because I liked it so much. This is a must have in everyone's library!"
76561197972982047,Recommended,228300,13397223,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sleepwalking Midgets,"Pros:Well developed world basis and backstoryInteresting combat mechanics (customizable effects of attacks)The art direction meshes with the textures used pretty wellBoss fights are decentCons:Potential of the world is lost due to a lackluster plotUnderdeveloped characters with no real character growthCombat feels stiff and awkward, this is highlighted by some unbalance in enemy patterns and camera issuesHere's the long version:Plot & Characters: The game boasts a promising world backstory with the ability to manipulate memories that can open up some truly interesting plots.  However, the plot this game contains is not particularly inspired, with ""twists"" that have little impact due to lack of significantly developed characters.  I never really felt connected to the protaganist, and everyone else in the game seemed to have more motivation than the protaganist, but these other characters were also pretty one-dimensional.  The only real upside is in the potential in this world, not necessarily in the plot that was written for it.Settings: The environments the game presents also feel farily limited.  You visit about 3 distinct environments: Rich District; Prison; and of course, the obligatory sewer section (you ever notice EVERY game has one).  And then, you essentially revisit these areas once more.  On the upside, the environments look nice and feel distinct.Gameplay: The combat is also a mixed bag.  The idea behind the combat mechanics of customizing whether attacks are powerful, heal, or reduce cooldown time on special moves is pretty nice.  On the other hand, the combat itself feels stiff and offbalance.  It took a while to find the right rythm the game was playing at.  I noticed that one day, I was REALLY bad at the combat, but then overnight I suddenly had it down pat.  Overall, not the worst combat system I've played, but not the best either, B-.The running, jumping, climbing bits are mediocre.  They aren't challenging, and they don't really offer much in the way of views.  On the other hand, I didn't really have any instances where I felt ripped off, and they were pretty fair about the secrets.Collect-a-thon items are not paricularly difficult to spot, the game even points out a fair number of them.  They also offer a fair challenge in exploring, finding, and collecting them, and I felt that none of them were too difficult to get.  On the downside, the game does not checkpoint when a collectible is picked up.  So if you pick one up and then die, you better go back and get or it.Bugs/Glitches: For how unpolished certain aspects of the game were, it was actaully a remarkable stable game.  I only encountered 2 instances of glitches: one where a door would not open (easy to bypass with a checkpoint restart) and one where an enemy got stuck in another enemy's shield.  Additionally, I never had an instance where the game crashed, kind of a miracle considering I can't even think of another game with the same record.  Though I suppose it is dependent on the machine running the program, so take this statement with a grain of salt.  The only other issue I would place under this category would be the unfavorable camera, that just needs a little more work.Achievements:  A fairly well rounded set.  Some story based ones, a few collect-a-thon ones, a couple of grinding ones, and some that actually affect your gameplay.  If you can manage to remember most of them, it feels like it is possible to get most of them in one playthrough (neglecting one grinding based achievement in particular).  As you can tell by my playtime, it doesn't even take long to get most of them.  Not too easy, not too difficult, and actually fairly entertaining.A Metacritc score of 65/100 seems a little harsh, I would give it somewhere in the range of 70 to 75.  I'm recommending it because while I played it, it was fun.  But, I would recommend the Batman Arkham series or Price of Persia over this game.  Not great, but not bad either."
76561197960456205,Recommended,228300,21190042,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kraizim,"I picked up this game because it was developed by the same studio who made Life is Strange, a game that I enjoyed immensely. Although nowhere near as good as Life is Strange, Remember Me is still worth playing if you can get past its shortcomings.The characters and the story are well developed and engrossing; they are the main driving force that will keep you playing this game until the end. Graphically the game holds up very well, and the art direction really makes the game world come alive. It is a shame that there isn't more freedom to explore the streets and the world of Neo-Paris, as the fictional world created here is really interesting.Gameplay, however, is where this game completely falls apart. First of all, the game is extremely linear. Although, I don't find that to be a problem by itself, but it renders the parkour elements in this game redundant as there is no chance for exploration or discovery at all. The combat is also extremely repetitive and frustrating in the worst ways possible. It is as if they looked at the combat from the Arkham games and decided: hey let's implement a crappy version of this. The enemies take way too many hits to go down, and you cannot beat multiple opponents with your combos, only one enemy at a time.In the end, however, the story and the world created in this game is enough to warrant a playthrough."
,Recommended,228300,11283316,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Vedian,"Remember Me is a nice surprise.It has a very unique et personal feel, and a peculiar atmosphere emerges from this title. The city of Neo-Paris has been throuroughly designed, with its architecture mixing past, current, and future elements. The result is a very plausible place, where you can feel both the frivolity of the rich an the despair of the poor.The story itself, although it does not boast any big surprises, is pleasant, and cleverly written to talk about very contempary topics, using sci-fi elements. Heroes forgetting about their past has been used extensively in video games, but it is brought to another level here, and twisted with gameplay elements to make it actually believable and useful.The gameplay is quite standard, with an interesting a-la-Batman combo-style combat system, and Darksiders-like powers to bring just enough fresh ingredients to make it interesting.The memory remixing is a very good idea, but it could have been used a little bit more. As it happens here, the scope is limited, but still enjoyable.If you go straight through the game, it will probably take you 10-15 hours to finish it. There is not much room for replayability unless you want to crack those achievements.All in all, I recommend this game. It may not be the game of the year, but it is enjoyable and quite unique in its own way. The game could probably have used more marketing, too."
,Recommended,228300,9061484,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Faroguy,"Some people didn't like this game. Personally, I would disagree with them. I found Remember Me to be quite enjoyable, with excellent music and visuals. The gameplay wasn't very difficult, although the combat did get somewhat hard near the end. Overall, I'd give it a 8 out of 10."
76561197997183609,Recommended,228300,1736467,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Aplegatt,"Отличный геймплай, интересный сюжет, превосходные персонажи. Все отлично, жаль только короткая."
,Recommended,228300,1756239,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Doc hesselberg,"if you want a boring game were the controls arent working properly, this is the game for you.regrett ever wasting money on this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,228300,7493879,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Pingger Shikkoken VolvoFixPls,One of the best games I've ever played and one of the rare games I finish.-Excellent Story-Playable by all gamer types-Excellent designed Environment-Excellent Gamepad support (better than Keyboard support)Don't forget!REMEMBER ME!Pingger
76561197993639644,Recommended,228300,8634829,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Myrrh,"I really enjoyed this game, I found the morality of a lot of characters involved less than amazing and there are a lot of grey areas in Neo-Paris. Very satisfying conclusion, the combat is interesting and the enemies are varied and cool. Mildly disappointed theres no french language option for a game set in Neo-Paris though, I can read subtitles!"
76561198060599058,Recommended,228300,6175244,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,nemr,PLAY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,228300,8655551,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,CromShadow,"One of the most interesting games I have played in a long time, The story was well done, the fight mechanics and combat/combos are well executed. Not many games leave me wanting a sequel after completion and Remember me did. I highly recommend this game to anyone that love story driven content and suspense/action fight sequences that keeps you on your toes. Good job Dontnod. Hope you guys make a remember me 2 in the near future."
,Recommended,228300,8687859,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sam I Jam,"A game that received mixed reviews. Some loved it and others hated it. I can best sum it up this way: if you love atmosphere, fun characters, sci-fi, and don't mind a linear experience, this is going to be one of your cult favorites. I really enjoyed the experience and found the environments a pleasure to run through. The concept of remixing memories is probably the best thing about it -- I wish there were more opportunities to do that in the game. Definitely recommended to those that enjoy sci-fi (think Blade Runner) atmosphere in their action/adventure experiences."
76561198047008556,Recommended,228300,8831092,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,susluv,Heroine reminds me Elika from POP 2008. Pleasant surprise.
,Recommended,228300,9112010,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,EbonHawk,"I recommend this game to anyone who likes futuristic urban settings, kick♥♥♥♥♥style gameplay, and a great musical score soundtrack and well-voiced characters.  The story is nothing short of amazing, as you take on the role of female protagonist, Nilin, in the year 2084 Neo-Paris.  She is a memory hunter, and the game starts with her imprisoned in the Bastille fortress, and the mega corporation Memorize, who has basically taken over the entire population's memories, is erasing her memories.  An underground resistance movement, known as the Errorists, breaks her out and their leader, named Edge, helps Nilin escape before they can erase all of her memory.  So, she starts off with a form of amnesia, which is fairly common in a lot of games, but this is one of the better adaptations, imho.Sadly, I can't explain too much of the game, because it would start spoiling the game.  I've seen some denounce the gameplay as repetitive and boring, but I find it fun and exhilarating, trying to figure out on the fly what disciplines I need to put my powers into, because you can reconfigure them even in the middle of a fight to fine tune whether you're regaining willpower, health, or doing extra damage...or a combination of two or three of them.  It can get a little confusing at times, but it's fairly easy to master.  I feel like if I can do it, then most people won't have any trouble.Then there are the Memory Remix segments.  The parts of the game that make it so unique and intriguing.  They are puzzles of an event that you have to watch and then figure out how interact with certain parts of the memory to find out the right combination to ""unlock"" your goal.  And that's just fun as you rewind and fast forward a segment of time and finally get all the pieces to fall into place.  It reminds me of the Batman Arkham Origins crime scene review mechanic, only Remember Me's take on it is waaaay better.The platforming segments remind me a bit of Prince of Persia (some of the more recent ones), with similarities to how it worked in Tomb Raider (recent ones, including the 2013 reboot too).  Just fun and interesting to play.  I give it an 85/100 and that's saying something for this little known developer (DONTNOD) that might be going out of business due to lackluster sales.  I feel like people really missed the point with this one."
,Recommended,228300,12839791,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AspieGamer,"Remember Me never quite meets it's full potential but it's still a robust experience overall.For starters, it's one of the most visually striking games I've ever played. The graphics and art direction are absolutely phenomenal. I'd almost solely recommend this game on the strength of it's visuals, it's that good.The game has a very uneven story though it's bursting with originality. The writing is smart enough to ask to right kind of questions and there are some truly memorable moments in the 9 chapters that comprise the story.Nilin, who already stands out from most video game protagonists by being a woman of colour, is written with the right balance of emotion and toughness. She feels vulnerable but is always capable of getting the job done. In between each chapter Nilin monologues about what's she done and how she feels; there are some genuinely interesting moments of pathos for her that flesh out her personality. She's much more interesting that other characters in these types of games such as Kratos or Dante.Remember Me's biggest fault is the gameplay. This is a character action game with a total of 5 combos. Changing what your combos do is a good idea in theory and having multiple enemy types helps but it doesn't change that you essentially are pushing the same combination of buttons for the entire game. This is going to be a problem for many people, especially if you're looking for a challenging experience. The combat doesn't nearly have as much depth as competing games in the same genre.If you're new to the action genre, or you want an adequate action game with a good story, then I recommend Remember Me. If you want a highly polished action game, look elsewhere."
76561198082679617,Recommended,228300,12818428,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TheMasterTargett,"very good game wish there was a bit more to do than run climb then fight its kind of repetitve, story line is very solid"
,Recommended,228300,8722150,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,CornBeef,Combat is clunky but story is just amazin and you want to keep playing to find out what happens next.   I recommend playing this just for the story alone :)
,Recommended,228300,8564063,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Snus,"Remember Me has an amazing dystopian setting and a solid story - in that regards it can be put right next to Deus Ex and Blade Runner.However, it's not nearly as good as a game. Locations are beautifully designed but absolutely linear (with occasional branch-offs containing secrets), camera is twitchy, battle system is a bit boring (finished the game on the hardest difficulty). There are only 4 combos in the game, but you can alter their effects by changing individual punches. For instance, you can chain the hits so the combo both damages your enemies and heals you. This system has a lot of potential, but feels unfinished, though. You will quickly find the best combination for you and stay with it, making everything a tad repetetive. On the other hand, boss fights are not so bad, and there are some twists during battles with common enemies which there are a few varieties.Memory remixing, when you change someone's memory by altering small details, is one of the major features of the game. While this makes the gameplay more diverse, you get to remix memories only a few times and there're usually just half a dozen items to interact with. So this also feels like a cornerstone for something better.Anyway, setting and story make for a very strong experience, so I would recommend Remember Me even despite it's flaws."
76561197971007652,Recommended,228300,8700634,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Saigrim,"The so called ""critics"" can suck it on this one. They got it so wrong, it hurts."
76561197971726813,Recommended,228300,8355219,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[xXx] Vedren,"This game has a cool original mechanic in that you can ""hack"" the memories of certain characters, rewinding them and changing minor details which affects the outcome of the memory. The outcome you craft could kill them, make them a friend, etc.. This mechanic is used far too little. The game is basically combat / combo counting game sorta like DMC. Be aware there seems to be some input lag if you are using a controller which makes some of the longer combos hard to land. Overall a good game to get on sale and kill a little time with."
76561198004695361,Recommended,228300,9404798,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Extra Vinegary,"Not bad for a new IP in a world where new IPs are rare. This game reminds me of Mirror's Edge. Story is not too bad and the game is not too long. I enjoyed the fighting mechanics, being able to build combos. The controls can be a bit slippery. Overall the game is fun and if you see it on sale I recommend you try it."
,Recommended,228300,8227590,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,gay myers,"Okay, Remember Me is a good game. It is absolutely stunning even on lower graphics settings, with a gorgeous cyberpunk setting and beautiful (if very, very linear) environment, and has an interesting story and compelling main character that made me want to play it all the way through. It also has a terrific soundtrack.All of that said, the gameplay gets difficult and tedious quite early on. Combat simply takes too long and is too predictable for it to be really fun, especially during boss fights where missing a single quick-time event (which flash up extremely quickly) will force you to get that last bit of health down again (and again). I feel like a simple counter button would have helped speed things along a lot, given that the only way to avoid attacks without it is dodging (pretty much always breaking your combo).Other minor complaints I have would be the fiddly, fiddly controls during the remix sequences (otherwise a very neat and interesting addition), and some of the dialogue writing - it often sounds very false and purple-prose-ish, particularly whenever Edge is on the line. I don't find that it detracts overly from the story, it's just a little jarring at times.Like I said, Remember Me is still a good game, and I would recommend it if you're looking for a interesting story and a great main character (how many non-white female protagonists do we get in video games at the moment?). I definitely also recommend, however, waiting for a good sale, and preparing for a few rage quit moments along the way."
,Recommended,228300,8670228,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,svorenson,"Remember Me is, most of the time, a third-person brawler with a strong narrative. However, it also contains some exploratory gameplay during its ""memory remix"" segments. The whole game adheres to the theme of memories, in both narrative and gameplay, which is very nice.Levels are linear, alternating some platforming, and ""arenas"" where you must fight groups of enemies. The platforming parts are not very hard, but that is complemented by the challenges of finding all hidden upgrades and bonuses. Combat is based on customizable combos, which are built by setting specific attacks on a combo template. The end result is very fluid and accomodates different play styles. Finishing long combos grants a bonus of PMP, which is like ""experience points"" used to unlock new attacks. Therefore, the system rewards player's strategy and skill.The narrative is another strong suit in Remember Me, receiving much positive criticism. The main characters are likeable, even if Nilin feels somewhat empty and bland during part of the game. The scenario of Neo-Paris is very detailed and visually well-done. The level of technology presented threatens to bring the narrative into the realms of fantasy, but I still found it acceptable to allow the exploration of the theme. The plot, if not the most innovative in its structure and elements, is still consistent and well presented. In my opinion, the rhythm of the game is good, and it only feels to be stalling at a point on its last third. With an average playtime of 10 hours, it could afford to lose an hour or so to keep sharp and engaging from start to finish.The one real complaint I have about this game (and any other that uses the same technique) is the use of ""quick time events."" I can understand how these fit the theme of memory but still, they are very annoying and immersion-breaking, actually impairing the game experience."
,Recommended,228300,9312067,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,skwerlman,"Stability: 7/10Story: 9/10Grapics: 8/10Music: 7/10Gameplay: 5/10Replayability: 6/10Value: 7/10This game is a pleasure to play. The story is excellent and very original, the soundtrack is beautiful and the visuals are stunning (as if I'd expect anything less from MTG's Aleksi Briclot). I only have two issues with this game. First, there are several bugs which can prevent you from finishing a chapter (just reload to fix them). Second, and perhaps more importantly, the combat is awful. Not quite bad enough to stop me from playing, but bad enough that it really took away from the overall enjoyability of the game. However, because of all the other wonderful characteristics, I'd definately recommend this game. If you're on the fence, wait for a sale, and buy it then. But definately buy it!"
,Recommended,228300,9174847,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,LadyLuco,"It took me a while to begin enjoying this game - It seems like there is justsomuch more to be given.Beautiful graphics and absolutely stunning music were the only bits which perked up what was otherwise a rather weak storyline. The gameplay, unless on controller, felt clunky and unusable. However, the action and the sometimes troublesome foe still made the game entertaining enough to continue playing throughout.The different types of level such as the standard adventure, the action sequences and the remix levels, as well as the very significant need to adjust combos as to the types of enemies being faced, give the game a nice relaxed aire, with nothing too samey.If you are willing to give in to the immersive nature of this game, I am sure you will be at least entertained for the 6+ hours of gameplay it offers."
,Recommended,228300,8428228,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,psi onix,"If anything, this game is worth a playthrough for it's incredible atmosphere and art design.  Neo-Paris is one of the most unique and beautiful environments i've ever had the chance to experience."
,Recommended,228300,8542209,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Meow,Great!
,Recommended,228300,8423761,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Artemis,"Remixing memories is one of the most innovative and interesting gameplay mechanics I've seen for a while, it's a shame that you don't do it as nearly as often as you'd hope. The game itself is a fantastic dystopian future setting with stunning visuals and an excellent fighting system that has a flow reminiscent of Arkham Asylum but involves you to actually remember combos instead of just mashing the attack key. The story does get a tad bit over-dramatic at times, but overall it's compelling. The boss fights are a tad annoying when you need one specific ability with a two minute timer to attack the boss with. Luckily combos can reduce cooldown times, so that kinda evens out. Overall, quite pleased with this game and feel it's quite overlooked for its quality. Well worth the sale price."
,Recommended,228300,8547413,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,EvenKeeld,I'm not sure why this did not review well when it released on consoles. It's beautiful and runs well on my PC. It's similar to Enslaved or Darksiders 2 in terms of the style of game it is but is in a cyberpunk setting. The combat has moments like the recent Batman games and lets you make yor own combos and it has a neat DJ turntable remix type of mechanic in certain portions. The camera is a bit too close at times but no deal breaker and I'd like to see more of an Assassin's Creed style parkour while navigating the world.
76561198051869089,Recommended,228300,8872693,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,NMSIS [GB],"Beautiful concept, engaging story, intuitive combat system, incredible concept art8.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,13172923,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nickrev,"I was hesitant to pick this one up, but I am glad I did. It is an amazing experiance."
,Recommended,228300,12763451,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MrGrievous9999,"I enjoyed the combat and the attention to detail in the enviroments. Creating your own combos was somewhat refreshing but could hurt you further in the game if you do not set it up strategically. Overall this game is definitely a must play!! Great work, Capcom!!"
,Recommended,228300,8696209,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,LHRobs,"If only more games could be like Remember Me, the whole gaming industry would really make a BIG step ahead. It has been a long time since a game really kept me thrilled with his story and gameplay mechanics, amazed me with a new and good combat system and absolutely left me astonished in front of some really well designed locations. Buy it, play it, and take a second to think to what you saw when you'll have finished it."
,Recommended,228300,24127623,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mika,"Great Story , great Game !"
,Recommended,228300,17234099,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ZanyScum,"Ca. 14 hours until the end for me.I saw no bugs or had any crashes I remember. The game has good graphics and the controls are good.You are playing a woman protagonist in levels which are more or less corridor levels. There is always only one good way to go. Sometimes you find clues about secrets, then you should look at that clue, find the secret and go back to your old route.The fights are melee fights, where you always use combos. You can just try to ignore the combos but because some combos start with repeated use of the same attack you can even customize this.A combo consists of a different number of either fist or foot attacks. And each but the first attack has to be of a kind. These ""kinds"" are things like ""concentrate on damage"", ""heal yourself"", ""gather points for your other special attacks"" or just enlarge the bonus of the last attack.The farther behind in a combo the attack is, the larger is the bonus you get.Imagine something like normal+heal+enlarged heal+even more enlarged heal against a boss.You can change these combos all the time, even in the middle of fight when you realize all your combos suck against the current enemy.The fights are fun. There is no but to this.The moving is a bit like in Assasin's Creed, but not as good.You can do cool moves and climb and jumb and run but only when the game allows it for a certain spot at this time.So one moment you fight for your live or just want to jump on a knee high platform... not possible. The fight is over, you can climb there without problems. Two spots look the same, but the one is the ""right"" way, so to one you can do an incredible cool jump, to the other not, you die. That can be very frustrating.If you are used to the open worlds from Assassin's Creed then you should start the game with a VERY open mind, because it is really NOT like Assassin's Creed, even if the fighting and the moving are a bit like it.The story is ok or even good, not sure, it was good enough to keep me playing.If you get the game for non-full price, yes, try it, it might be your new favourite.But it might be you get bored after 10 minutes.This game was not half as good as I expected because of the vidoes and reviews.But still, it was fun. I'd give it a 6.5 / 10. Meaning, it is better than average, but not one of the ""you must have played it"" games."
,Recommended,228300,12084453,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,FJheals,"Not sure why this game has a lot of hate but it's actaully a pretty good game if you're into Sci-Fi. Graphics are nice, runs pretty smooth other than the micro stuttering I'm getting."
,Recommended,228300,34571903,Posted: 29 August,all,Sh4dow7,"I love this game! After release I couldn't get it and forgot about it. Once I saw this on sale I was like: I need it! Finished the whole thing (not a completionist) in 3 sit downs. The worst part is the combat. Especially wen you need to fight Elite Police guys or the huge disapearing Leapers who summon waves of enemies (the one's like Jhonny). The story is amazing, soundtrack is awesome, graphics - beautiful. One of the best games out there. I only wish that it had a free roam mode to explore Neo-Paris. All in all if you want a entertaining game that's not too shor nor too long this is for you. And if you're a completionist, well there's stuff for you as well."
,Recommended,228300,15828486,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,mooz,"One of the best underrated female protagonist games around, similar in vibe to the great Mirror's Edge. If you love that game, you should surely love this one!Like Mirror's Edge, it has all the nice elements (story, atmosphere, music, graphics) that make it a moving, compelling experience. It also has a lot of backstory info about the world. While the gameplay can be slightly repetitive, it definitely can still be challenging, and the skill configuration system is a neat feature for adapting to different enemy types as you level up.Hey, you should get this game! :)"
,Recommended,228300,15885117,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,gunsage,"The combat is...passable...as are the voiceovers.  Those are the only negative aspects I found in this title.  I like the artwork, animation, story, and the ability to remix memories, which reminded me of Ghost Trick - Phantom Detective.  If you're still on the fence, then don't pay full price.  I got it on sale and I'm really enjoying it."
,Recommended,228300,8991863,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hydra,"I'd love to say Remember Me is a great game, but it isn't. It falls on the ""full of potential yet average"" category. On the pure aesthetic aspect its simply gorgeous, creative and original. The story despite its slow beginning manages to be excellent once you reach the second half of the game. Its well written with the collaboration of one of the best French sci-fi authors of this generation making it an overall great experience. A great plus is that it has a female main character that does manages to not fall into the usual tropes, which is great.The main theme of the game is memory and the possibility of a technology able to manipulate and change it. It articulates with society issues and personal traumas of the characters asking a few interesting questions like how far we can go to be able forget the pain and suffering in our lives. Indeed, there's a few great puzzle sequences where you'll have the “remix” people's memories in order to achieve your goals. As strange it may sound its actually done in a fairly interesting fashion, giving a lot of depth to the characters.Now about the gameplay :The platforming in this game is unchallenging and requires nothing than just a bit of attention, making it a tedious process and the few puzzles and actions you'll progressively unlock barely improves anything.On the combat side, it starts off with a lot of good ideas. The fact you can create your own combos in the beat'em all style of gameplay sounds wonderful on the paper, but in reality you'll have only five rigid sets of combos and you are only allowed to customize their effects. The combat mechanics actually rely more on using a handful of powerful powers once your combo bar is full. However there's quite some depth to this system and it even allows you to be creative have a lot of  fun once you've unlocked everything, alas this happens way too late. My overall feeling is that Remember Me would have been a better as an action RPG rather than a beat'em all.My main problem with the game is that despite its good ideas and good pacing, it takes just too much time to fully show how good its story is and to unlock all the fun elements to make its combat interesting. The whole experience feels like a lengthy tutorial full of potential, that ends way too quickly after approximatively 10 hours.Hopefully, Remember Me 2 is already in the works, lets hope that this time the developers will actually achieve their vision to make a great game.Technical info : This game is a console port but like most recent Capcom titles its works great. However the default camera is annoying as hell. You can easly improve that by using a tweak posted on the steam forums to change the FOV."
,Recommended,228300,9058857,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Nicolas Rage,"So this game was awesome, but not without it's problems.The graphics were gorgeous, the soundtrack was topnotch, and the story was refreshing. The only thing this game really missed on was the combat.That's not to say that the combat isn't good... it just doesn't... feel good after a while. The game's method of increasing difficulty ends up throwing more and more baddies at you in a never ending stream of punching bags. The boss fights are also something of a bore. Most of them consist of 'Use DOS, proceed to win'.The, well, spamminess of the spammer is also a little dull on the last few boss fights (there's a prompt that actually reads 'SPAM').There's also some wierd camera shifts while on the platforming bits of the game, and sometimes the controls shifted in wonky directions, resulting in a few frustrating deaths.Probably the biggest letdown of this game is the lack of actual memory rewriting you do in the story line. This part of the game comes in relatively early, but then you spend a good couple hours before coming upon your next 'victim'. In total there were maybe 4 instances where your character did what your character was supposed to be known for doing. Rewriting memories should have taken a bigger role in the actual gameplay outside of the few times it was used after boss battles.Despite its shortcomings, this game is amazing. It's a shame so few people have heard of/played it.9/10 would play again. I'll probably end up buying this game as a gift for my friends when the holidays roll around this year."
,Recommended,228300,9049689,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Zyzzyvas,"If you enjoy getting absorbed into a believable, fantastically designed and beautiful world, this is the game for you. Kind of a cross between Deus Ex and Blade Runner set in a futuristic vision of Paris, I could not stop taking screenshots of how beautiful this game was to experience. The gameplay itself is unfortunatley very linear and doesnt bring anything new to the table but it is interesting enough to pull you through. The idea for the story is very intriguing as well but the plot line does leave a little to be desired."
,Recommended,228300,8991013,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,C4ForDatAss,Really fun story. Great visuals
76561197972718105,Recommended,228300,9015084,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,pinkGrendel,"Great looking game with a simple but fun combo mechanic, suffers from some really bad controls issues (quicktime prompts off-screen, being locked out of areas before you really want to progress, keyboard re-focus requires annoying input fiddliness). A good game if you can handle the glitches... definately better than the low meta-score rating."
,Recommended,228300,23662128,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Oppairina,"love the places, charactersand memories remix, not so much the combat style."
,Recommended,228300,2158976,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Cronkllr {Cχ:$$},"WOW, I just beat the game. I give it a 10/10.  It is a unique mixture of , Tomb raiders climbing mechanics, Deus Ex's Conspiracy & Technology, and Tron  Futuristics & Technology. And Batman  fighting mechanics).   I would recommend this to anyone wanting to have a fun game to play and a great time doing it..I also played on hardest setting Straight off, for that extra challenge** NOTE if you are not comftorable with Batman on Insane DO NOT PICK this seting you will want to snap your keyboard during some tough fights.Pros.Great mechanicsGreat storyGreat GameplayFantastic GfxGood gameplay lengthCons.None except I want more, It was a great game."
,Recommended,228300,23677074,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Delgato,"Very nice concept. However, the actual memory affecting part of the game takes a minor role. The moveset creation for combat is unnecessarily complex for what is relatively simple combat.This game is worth it if you get it on sale for <$10. It's a good story with a good ambiance. But I wouldn't buy it at full price."
,Recommended,228300,35375425,Posted: 1 October,all,zus.yar,"This is a solid game. It has an interesting plot, great storytelling, nice music, awesome atmosphere and it still looks amazing  throughout the variety of different levels. Battles aren't monotonous, bosses aren't forgettable and even a regular groups of foes could bring you a hard time.The only letdowns for me are the unskippable cutscenes and (rare but still annoying) Quick F... Time Events, unfairly prolonging the bosses' lives."
76561198000942107,Recommended,228300,34784809,Posted: 6 September,all,KneeKnocknRich,"Love This game, wish there was more or another game in this universe, it is really beautiful.Pros:Combat like batman games, environment, music , remixing peoples mindCons:Camera issues, Targetting issues, linear,had one invisible mob bug that was linked to opening a locked door, had to load a previous checkpoint."
,Recommended,228300,34777426,Posted: 6 September,all,Fugalism,"Really enjoyed this game! Although nothing stands out particularly in terms of the fighting elements, the combos and special abilities are fun to play around with. The story of this game is however one of the more original and enjoyable things I have experienced. Definitely recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of dystopian futuristic stories like this!"
,Recommended,228300,35112442,Posted: 21 September,all,FlamingFox,"Absolutely beautiful game. This is mainly a story driven, on-rails platform/fighting game, with clever use of combo customization mechanics.The story and the music are the stars of this game. Otherwise, the gameplay is par with some occasional bugs, that require a last checkpoint jump. Not to mention the well-known Chapter 5 bug at the beginning of the game. Some occasional camera issues are present.For the best experience, please use a controller.TL;DR: Pick this up on sale. Enjoy the story. Use Controller."
,Recommended,228300,2440301,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Jagged Orchid,"Overall story outweighs any technical issues in the game. Good story, interesting characters, beautifully crafted world."
,Recommended,228300,35034394,Posted: 17 September,all,Hyp5r,"This game is a trip, and definitely has a meaning to it.There are few games where I'll think about real life, consequences, and the result of everything that's happened so far, but Remember Me definitely hit the note. It's odd to play the game and view the memories of your family in the past, only to alter what they remember for your ""personal"" benefit.It makes you think, ""What if we had this ability in the real world?"" Though I'm glad to say we don't.Remember Me shows through the story that removing your bad experiences in life can lead to living a life that isn't worth living at all. It shows you that everything that has happened made you into who you are today, and removing those memories removes yourself. Nilin, thoughout the game, recovers the memories that were stolen from her and realizes that the pain that people have been through needs to stay with the people, not locked up where ""it didn't happen at all.""Gameplay-wise, while the combat can get repetitive pretty quick due to the two-button combo system, walking around the environments were a pleasure visually to look at. The linearity of the game will definitely put some people off, and the parkour mechanics aren't as refined as, say, Mirror's Edge, but it works out for this game.This game has become one of my favorites, and I'll definitely be doing a replay of it for collectable hunting and to enjoy the story again. I recommend everyone play it for the story, at least. Crank down that difficulty and immerse yourself in a world where you could have the ability to bend anyone's memories for your own enjoyment and benefits ... and realize how bad of an idea that could be."
76561198013763328,Not Recommended,228300,21305066,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pavel Hirys,Excellent environment and level design but absolutely terrible combat design. That game is really boring.
,Recommended,228300,25003988,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Codeman,"I love the setting and story of this game. Some people may complain about the fighting or platformer parts, but the fighting is similar to the Batman games and I don't see those getting poor reviews?? If you like cyberpunk stories and scenery, you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,228300,21609126,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Fuse,"Will remember Nilin's dazzling behind, the visual design, aesthetics and some of the worldbuilding.Will try to forget the shallow writing and characters, the uninspired, clunky combat and utterly pointless pseudoplattforming.6/10.Would style over substance again.Maybe."
,Recommended,228300,30530914,Posted: 15 March,all,hassanyawar,I simply love this game. This game was debut of DONTNOD in gaming industry so its not perfect but for me it was definitely rememberable game. Its completely linear game but in this case I'll let it pass becuase this way the developers focused on story progression. The following sums up the game:Great artworkGreat 3D visualsThe memory remixing (altering) is really interesting concept (A source of inspiration for Life Is Strange)LinearAround 10 hours gameplay at max.Experimental combatInteresting story although not a strong oneI would suggest to buy this game if you like Action/Adventure genre.
76561198162455708,Recommended,228300,28459278,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheBrokenJukeBox,"Pretty good game, with a good combat system and parkour like mirrors edge. This game is underated."
,Recommended,228300,9029143,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jake,"65 metascore what? This game is very good. But the way how you have to make combos sucks, but I still like it."
,Recommended,228300,8989712,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,darquan0,"Very deep game.And it is a scary game if you think about it.Really scary.Scarier than most ""horror"" games, actually. It doesn't shock you outright, and it does not try to make you jump back from the screen, no. It makes you think. And when you realise, you freak out. This is called ""fridge horror"" by some...Pretty believalbe as well.Except that I personally find it unplausible for Nilin to end where you take control of her in the prologue, given who she is and what her... certain connections you learn near the end of the game are.Such people just don't end being dumped into vivisectionist prison as test subjects with zero chance of survival.Everything else... is realistic.And that is what makes this game so scary.It is not a ""dystopian fantasy future"" you are going to laugh about, thinking ""well, that won't happen ever"". No. Here, you'll think ""oh my god, if such a technology is ever invented, it WILL turn out like this eventually, 100%."""
,Recommended,228300,12413013,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Remember Me has excellent visuals and a cool post-cyberpunk (is that a thing?) storyline, but its combat mechanics are fairly shallow (and indeed most of the depth in them is unnecessary for completing the game), and its free climbing is pretty much always limited to a single path that's spelled out for you step by step.The memory remix scenes are conceptually some of the coolest stuff to come out of games in a long time -- you can dive into peoples' memories and change little details to radically alter how those memories play out and affect them -- but in execution, it's pretty much just trial and error.Pick it up on sale and for the price of a movie ticket you'll get a story and effects worthy of a fun summer sci-fi flick. Just don't expect much of the mechanics."
,Recommended,228300,23781613,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"Fun, but unskippable cutscenes make the game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then it should be"
,Recommended,228300,17460496,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,munkeyspaynk,"Pretty good.  Combat is a little slow, the music and graphics are great, story is pretty good."
,Recommended,228300,9572141,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,MaxOfS2D,"Great presentation, characters, good story, fun combat system (although a bit too systemic and detached).My complaint is that there are only four memory remix sections in the game... it was an underdeveloped and underused concept that I would have loved to see more of. A few of the platforming parts were boring.Other than that it's a really good game that I would heartily recommend. Underrated in my opinion."
76561198001556510,Not Recommended,228300,12208767,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[N] djburno2000,"Wanted to like this game though I'm not a big fan of the gameplay style but I just had to give up.The controls are way too bad... I tried both keyboard/mouse and gamepad but it doesn't work.Even in the easiest difficulty the fights are way too hard not because of the ennemies but because of the unresponsive controls. I tried changing the bindings see if a different key would work better but no it doesn't so it's clearly the game engine at fault.I'm stuck at one boss that I just can't pass because the only way to kill it is by aiming your special gun while moving and clicking to shoot at the same time and everytime the aiming button is not responsive so you press on it and nothing happen, you have to depress it and repress it to hopefully have it to work, but of course during that time you get hit...it's like this button would only work when the game allows it to in a way.And of course, getting rid of that boss is in 3 part and no checkpoint at the end of each part therefore if you die you have to start all over again and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by those controls all over again.. till you are fed up with it and just give up.Too bad, I wanted to see where the story was going (even thoguh it was far from being very original) but won't be able to (unless I find a savegame that put me through that boss but then again I'd probably be stuck again a little while later)So my best guess is to find a playthrough on Youtube...I'm glad I got it in a sale.Would be very upset if I paid full price. Now, I understand why the studio went bankrupt...If you like the genre of action/platform with way too much fights and unresponsive controls, go ahead, otherwise you might want to try it out first.UPDATE: I finally managed to get through that boss fight thanks to some playthrough I found on Youtube. It seems to me that fight in particular really had a problem of lag with the Aiming button.The lag is always present but less noticeable in other fights. Lol, the fight right next after the boss fight I got stuck too... as predicted I might say but I managed it after a few retries. I'm glad I am able to go through the story and the game but I will not change my recommendation (as it either yes or no) because those fights are way too repetitive and frustrating in my opinion. I stick to my previous conclusion: try it first if you can."
,Recommended,228300,12334918,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Rainsing,"Pros:Intriguing story setting.Some of the outdoor environments are gorgeous.Memory remixes are fun and novel.Nilin is a stylish heroine. The English voice over is unforgettably well done.Cons:Extremely limited level design. ""Invisible walls"" everywhere. An outstanding example of the opposite of open world.Extremely linear level design. The game holds your hand and guides you through the levels. No exploration at all.Lack of diversity in enemy types. Leapers and Enforcers are your only foes.Combo customization doesn't have real impact on the combat, even in the highest difficulty setting.Unimpressive supporting characters."
,Recommended,228300,12357957,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kalimando,One of the most visually stunning games I have ever played. Third person brawler is made interesting by the story as well as the gameplay. Combat similar to Batman games except alternating buttons are unlocked and combined to make unique combos
,Recommended,228300,16624374,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BuFFu™,10/10 whould play as Steven Tylor again
,Not Recommended,228300,33485623,Posted: 12 July,all,Toast,"I bought this game because it was on sale and it had overall positive reviews. I have no idea how it got those reviews though.The only thing i enjoyed about this game was the concept of memory remixing. It's an original concept and i would have loved to play a game that centered around it. Unfortunatley, even though it is the entire reason your charachter is important to the story, you do it maybe 5 times throughout the whole game.When you're not remixing memories (the entire thing the game was sold on) you suffer through this game's combat. Any time i spotted a large square claering coming up, i died a little inside knowing i'd have to play a combat sequence.There are certain enemies in this game that you take damage if you hit. this leads to numerous ""fun"" scenarios where you spend a fight running in circles for long stretches of time because you have little health left, you can't strike any of the enemies, and you have to wait for a special move to cooldown.there finally came a point where i found myself in the begining of another large battle, i realized i didn't know what was even going on in the story anymore and i didn't care. so i just uninstalled the game.Do yourself a favor, spend your money on better games."
76561197971028651,Recommended,228300,31747737,Posted: 14 May,all,all4nihil,"Excellent Sci-Fi action game.  A lot to take in all at once, I wasn't sure what was going on until about the 3rd episode. Fairly high learning curve for combat and the boss battles are quite difficult. At some point you will figure out which combos make most sense for you and the game becomes more free flowing. The memory remixing bit is very inovative.  Just a great game overall with a fantastic story.  Already looking forward to replaying it!"
,Recommended,228300,18838758,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Jay,A Intriguing world and a beautiful story.Its Cyberpunk elements bring tears to my eyes
,Recommended,228300,12615936,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ynk,"Good scenario, good background, but the gameplay is a little frustrating because of the corridors... The city is wonderful and it's a shame that we cannot walk around a little bit to explore it."
,Recommended,228300,16410023,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Komrade,"Pros:+Interesting combo system+Unique mechanics+Beautiful scenery+Enthralling plot+Good soundtrackCons:-Repetitive combat-Repetitive platformingA surprisingly good first game for DONTNOD.  The combat does get repetitive and boring fast, but the story, gorgeous scenery, and interesting mechanics (Memory mixing) carry you easily through the game.  Definitely worth the pick up for an interesting original story."
,Recommended,228300,29805362,Posted: 9 February,all,CaucasianCrustacean,Nilin for MvCI.
,Recommended,228300,29857384,Posted: 11 February,all,KronickleXXII,Remember Me is an underrated game
,Not Recommended,228300,16900326,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,[TC] El Gringo,"The first thing I want to say: ""Yes! ... It is totally overrated.""I really tried to like this game. It all starts out well. The first cutscenes were promising. Beautiful, a wonderful atmosphere and with a lot of details. The Soundtrack could win an Oscar. Boy, what could they have achieved with it. But when it comes to interaction: Zero.As marvelous the world may look like, there is nothing you can do beside walking and climbing the marked path. There are even screens indicating the locations of secret items, though it would be hard to miss them without the hints. And even the fighting scenes are boring and repetitive.The whole game consists of cutscenes, predefined paths, cutscenes, innovative but stupid minigames and cutscenes.The gamer’s part is minimal. If you are in to cinematic games with minimal interactions, grab it. I won't recommend it for gamers liking to explore and having more interaction.Graphics: 9Audio: 9Gameplay: 3Setting / Atmosphere: 10Story: 7Fun: 2"
,Recommended,228300,10232320,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,jarofjuice,"Remember Me is a strange game -- a game with so much potential that is never fully realised. BUT this is by no means a bad game. The combat is enjoyable, and the story to a degree is good -- and at least it is a personal one (you're not out saving the universe). That said, the gameplay mechanic that is truly novel is the memory-hack, where you repiece someone's memory for a different outcome. It comes into play only at very important story milestones, so they're few and far in between, but that makes them special. Perhaps if the game had been longer and more open ... I am not sure. As it is I would still recommend it, but you can't help the feeling that you would have wanted to spend more time in its world."
,Recommended,228300,2199581,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Ibsin,"Probably one the BEST games I ever played.Though I am not one for Capcom, they defiently went all out with this.Even if the combat system is a tad confusing at first, once you get the hang of it, the game becomes much easier from there.The music is astounding, just as the scenery is as well.I would definetly consider this a worth-while purchase from Steam."
,Recommended,228300,7570766,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Masterwabbit,"It may not be perfect, but it's certainly very different from most any other action adventure game I've played. Amazing setting, interesting ideas, and all together worth a go."
76561198032883053,Recommended,228300,9573332,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,M4XXST3IN,Very Good Game with Good Music. Hard Game at Times but Fun. you are a Fighter Chick that got her Memory Wipe out By the New Government. you are a Memory Hunters and you were Top Notch before they Wipe out your Memory. you fight your way to Save The World With Help and Lost Memory Clues. Very Good Style 3rd Person Action Game.
,Recommended,228300,9832299,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,juppah,I thought it was better than the 65/100 rating. Combat was the downfall. Very repetative. Visuals and soundtrack were great though and story was good.
76561198129254372,Recommended,228300,9595474,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Canned Soup Gaming,"It's not the greatest new IP to come out recently, but it isnt as bad as the scores may lead you to think. I've only just hit the final hours of the game, and it's definitely not worth the full price. Get it on a sale, it's too short to merit anything beyond $15, but definitely worth your time.-The graphics of the world are amazing in some areas, even with them on low I found the world to look rather stunning, it's a shame there's so little going on where you're supposed to be. I would have to interact with the enviorment more. It is indeed extremely linear, so if that turns you off just stop right here.-I personally loved the music and sound effects, though I do wish they had used some scores in more location or at least not where they did. I sometimes found myself listen to what seemed to be battle music in an average climbing section, though the majority of the time it fit the mood. I don't know if it was just me, but I experienced quite a few audio bugs. Multiple times I had duplicate sounds playing over each other, and the audio cut out entirely in some sections.-The story is definitely alright, but having just finished DX:HR my expectations may have been a bit high :P There are a few plot twists and I really enjoyed it, though I did wonder why I had to revist so many areas.- The combat, everyones favorite gripe. I recommend playing with a gamepad if you have it, I found some difficulty in managing everything, as unlike Arkham City or the majority of other games you dont have large amounts of time to react, or a counter. Unfortunately the dodge mechanic is rather lacking. I often found myself trying to dodge an AOE attack only to rebound over the back of the guy next to me and still be in the blast radius. Which is sad considering it's your only escape tool. The 3 hit combo is rather useless in my opinion, but being able to see the moves you'll use in the combo lab makes it fun to create the flashiest combos etc. I loved the design of the S-pressens, but losing all of your focus if you die was incredibly frustrating.-The controls are a bit finicky, as you can tell from my difficulty with the dodge in combat. Often in climbing I found myself headed back the direction I came when I wanted to back eject instead. Overall it definitely felt like it was designed for consoles in mind, but it's nothing too difficult.-DLC I found the majority of the dlc moves to be rather useless, but the Spinning Bird Kick is incredibly handy as the last hit of a combo, as it's rather an aoe meelee move, and as the last hit does alot of damage. The rest I never really used, but I loved that one.It's definitely not the greatest game ever, but its a fun few hours of distraction, and I hope we'll see a more expanded universe from this IP in the future."
76561197987017200,Recommended,228300,9656863,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Yuri Nondual,Very pretty game. Aesthetical ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,228300,9338404,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[DaDs] Kegaro,"I picked this game up on a whim during the Winter Sale. I had never even heard of this game before or it's developer (DONTNOD). But after watching a trailer or two I decided to pick it up and I have to say it was well worth the $13 I paid for it. The game is currently $50 on Steam, I'm not sure it's really worth buying at full price, but if you can get it on sale I would highly recommend you do so.The game has a good mix of action/fighting, climbing challenges, and puzzle solving. I really enjoyed the combat in this game, it was pretty fluid and I liked the combo system as well. Although I will admit some of the fights got a little frustrating at times, but it made it that much more worth wild when you were able to finally get past them.Definitely a thumbs up from me."
76561197987049851,Recommended,228300,10478936,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,janedough,"very pretty, but the gameplay while entertaining is a bit messy and the story really needed some polishing. buy it when on offer."
76561198002595842,Recommended,228300,10488677,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,decius.brutus,"If you can look past subpar platforming, boring repititive combat, and horrible camera control in favor of a good plot that manages to pull off what it tries to, this is for you."
,Recommended,228300,51046,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Lawie,"Remember Me is a beautiful looking game, in the area of Paris, France. An amazing adventure which will keep you interested until the end. It seems at times that there might be things that could have been improved, or changed. Voice acting was certainly a plus in this game, making the characters very believable. And even with all the technical bugs and missed opportunities, this game is worthy of being played. Unfortunately this game was created in the sense of being a console game, but it has been ported within acceptable parameters. In the end Remember me is a fun and worthy of it's price game. It felt like a mix of Mirror's Edge, Assassin's creed and Deus Ex."
76561197991717166,Recommended,228300,9616247,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,haytkir,"Set in a dystopian future Paris, the attention to detail to the level design is quite enjoyable. Unfortunately, I find myself wishing this was an open world along the lines of an Assassin's Creed game. However, it plays more like Mirror's Edge where each level involves following a predetermined route, solving simple puzzles interspersed with combat and ending with a boss fight. Rather like playing through a movie or novel with a set path. The thematic elements and storyline are what draw me to this game more than anything else and in that sense I enjoy it for all the same reasons I enjoyed Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,228300,9632015,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,KKSG,"Interesting story, unique game elements. Challenging fights but not impossible, and for the extra paranoid like me some creepy-panicking bits to keep you on your toes. Short game, but I think worth the time and money."
,Recommended,228300,9578936,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Ivan von Krunkle,"This is such a fantastic and different game. The art and scenery of this is gorgeous, the story is heartbreaking and amazing all in one, and the combat is fun. They made just basic combos with punches and kicks a fun time. Also, definitely play in Memory Hunter mode. Really get a good experience with that."
,Recommended,228300,9593745,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"I can safely say that this one was one of the rare innovative games in the last couple of years. Unique art, interesting gameplay mechanics and a creative/fresh-blood story. I'm especially surprised by the female protagonist, I can count on my one hand how many games have that currently. What was kind of a bit disappointing is the tunnel-linnear route of each chapter, probably because most of the games nowadays is going towards sand-boxing theme even if sometimes its filled with nothing (yes I'm looking at you Maffia 2), so I cannot really complain, but to be honest I dont think many people will play this game more than once. The combat mechanics is pretty much Batman-Arkham style, with this combo-lab improvement, interesting although the fights were quite frustrating from the 1/3 of the game even on normal! Invisible enemies? Enemies who constantly reflect damage? Gang-rap? There is no real tactics here, but teeth-grinding. I must admit by the end of the game I was pretty much at the verge of chucking my controller at the wall, eh oh yes, its seriously a controller-game, I warned you. Closer to the end of the game I have found some tricks, and it got a bit easier, although I always hated games where the common/filler fights were 3x harder then the boss fights. And one more thing, directed at all game companies: DO ENABLE US SKIPPING CUTSCENES! Hordes of angry mob of videogamers will storm your castles, if you do not stop making games WITH achievements AND unskippable cutscenes! Goodnight."
,Recommended,228300,8455145,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,✪Telcairion *Ming'd,Amazing ^.^
76561198068794348,Recommended,228300,18190183,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dezso_ekezethianyzik,"Remember Me is interesting, because it has a lot of things in it that should make a game bad, but it's crafted so well together, that it makes it great.As a game it's not the best at what it does, it doesn't have anything new that I haven't seen before, and some parts of it feels more like an interactive movie, rather than a game. But as a whole it's an extremely well assembled fun game, with a great story.THE COMBAT is quite simple, therefore it's really repetitive, but not easy, and it's spectacular. The fighting parts are sectioned out very well, they short enough that won't become a grind, but challenging enough to be satisfying to beat them.THE BACKGROUND WORLD is very well built, it's multifarious, it's interesting, it's important to the story but not forced upon the player. It's introduced over the right amount of time that you feel that you saw everything, but it's not overwhelming.THE STORY is very well written, and in my opinion is without clichés. The story telling is executed flawlessly. This is a very strong aspect of the game, so the replay value on this one is low.OVERALL there are games where you feel you should have had more fun playing them, but this is the exact opposite. If you break down the game to its different parts, like combat, exploring, the remix levels or boss fights, not one of them could stand up on their own, but as they tied together with the story it creates a quite unique and really fun game. It's simple but challenging, it's short enough to be interesting all the way, but long enough to be satisfying when you finish it."
,Recommended,228300,12920556,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,¤Ø Mad Mal Ø¤,"[4/5]{TL;DR:Pros- Excellent female protagonist, good story, and beautiful environmentsCons- Game wants to be a movie, my knowledge of physics keeping the combat from being more than a bad joke}Set in a perfectly realized cyberpunk future, Remember Me is deeply satisfying. The environments are beautifly detailed and complement the free running elements of this title, even if it can turn into a ""look at the pretty skybox"" stlye staright path a times. On the subject of free running, you might expect a free running brawler to include some moves that include jumping on your enemies from a higher point, but this is sadly not the case, despite some of your early enemies utilizing this exact tactic. Instead you, playing as asmall, skinny woman, must stand on the same level as larger, sometimes hulking, enemies. Of course the protagonist does this with great ease, you don't want to design a game to be too frustrating, after all. I'm not saying Nilin should be weak and helpless like so many other female characters in games, in fact, I think she maybe the best example of a female protagonist in a video game yet. That said, while I can imagine that anyone of her size who can run and jump all around the obstacles Nilin encounters just on her way to the local bar to have the endurance and speed to hold up in a fight, the boss fight against X-Mass Kid is a mahor breaking point of this logic.Regardless, the combat is simple, yet fun. Besides, the size difference isn't the biggest problem with the game, the problem is that Remember Me desperately wants to be a movie. I may have only just started episode 3 (something Valve can no longer use as an excuse), but a good chunk of the game, about 1/3 of my playtime, has been spent in cutseens, scripted sequences and ""pretty skybox"" segments. I know this might be the ""no"" moment for those considering playing this, but hold on just a second. It turns out that the story is really good, so the ""want to be a movie"" problem is very neglegable. Also, in my opinion, the exploration and combat parts (you know, the game part) of the game show up enough to keep the movie bits from overstaying their welcome.All in all, this is a nice story with some fun, anarchist-cyberpunk brawler action. There are some flaws, as there are with any game, but nothing that can't be ignored when put next to the better elements."
,Recommended,228300,13081065,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,KaLEVr1,"Graphics are fantastic. The sounds and game environment are rich and immersive. Gameplay is good, especially with a controller. I used an XBox 360 controller. Was a bit difficult with keyboard/mouse, probably because I don't play many linear games like this one.In fact the one complaint I'd have about this game is how linear it is. You go from one fight sequence to the next. Your character Nillin spends most of the game on route to an objective. There are lots of corridors to navigate and every 3rd or so hallway opens out into an arena/courtyard of some type where something always falls down behind you to trap you until you defeat several foes, after which some forward obstruction miraculously falls away allowing you to continue.This formula gets a bit tiring and persists throughout the game but when it was done, I realized that I had enjoyed it far more than I thought I would. So given that this is not my favorite genre, I have to give it a thumbs up. In fact I didn't even come to the store page to write a review but to see if there was DLC so that I could continue."
,Recommended,228300,12940828,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,uri.shtand,"Remember me is one of those games that you should play, but would annoy you at times during play.I recommand the game, but I have my issues with it.Pros:The game has an interesting plot, and the setting (the city of neo paris) is extremely well thought of.The fights are fun and fluid. The remembrance mechanisms are well thought of and enjoyful.The game also brings forth important questions, and (unlike some games) is not really afraid to try and answer.Cons:However - the linearity of the game is obscene. Doors lock down and open to lead you in a straight line through the city.Your character can jump from ledge to ledge (assasins creed style / farcor style), but can't go over a 2 inch cardboard box on the floor.The fights are a bit repetitive and there's not enough remembrance mini games (perhaps 5 throughout the game).I also have an issue with the fact that it's a future paris with robots and virtual reality, but there's only one gun in the entire city (and someone shoots himself with it). Only bots and gunships seem to have real guns.And lastly - at some point during the endgame, you get attacked by a horde which shouldn't really be there, isn't a real obstacle at that point (you finished a far harder horde 5 minutes before), and has no real point. That single fight scene really damaged the immersive experience that was a big part of the end game."
,Recommended,228300,12943464,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Juice,"A strong opening for Dontnod. The story and atmosphere of this game are superb, though the gameplay is a little lacking - I found that I enjoyed the fights with normal enemies more so than some of the boss fights. That, however, doesn't ruin the overall experience of this title. I bought remember me during a sale and would recommend it for purchase in another one. I am looking forward to seeing how the developer's next game shapes up."
,Recommended,228300,12961110,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Vaelkyrie,"It starts off a little slow. You don't unlock all of your abilities until a ways into the game. And you can't skip the cutscenes. Really annoying. The camera is also annoying sometimes (how limited it is). But if you can get it on sale, then it's worth a play. Some of the movement puzzles remind me of Tomb Raider. There's not as much freedom as in Tomb Raider, though. It's much more on rails."
,Recommended,228300,15172207,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,El Crabo,You play as elite meme hunter in Memepolis on an epic quest to recover her stolen memes
76561198046469524,Recommended,228300,5212540,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,PaladinGuy,"I'm on the fence about actually recommending this game. It has a gorgeous world and level design with a beautiful soundtrack and great character / enemy designs. It also has an intriguing lore with good voice acting. Gameplay and combat are decent, but the game as a whole is short and many of the ethics and issues that are brought up in conversations are never fully discussed. This game could have been much more engrossing and thought provoking, especially when the best aspect of the game, the memory remixing, is under used. In the end, I am going to recommend this game (flaws and all) because of the need to support new IPs and female protagonists in gaming. Not worth full price, but certainly worth a look."
,Recommended,228300,11351764,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mordaunt,"This game is better played with a gamepad.For any cyberpunk lover ""Remember Me"" is a must-play. A world it presents is vivid, full of life, believable. The game is linear, but many locations I've been to looked amazing. Every object and entity looked like it was carefully incorporated into this world. The futuristic Neo-Paris could serve as an excellent background for an RPG (ah, if only). Though the story goes really fast,  I coldn't help but stop for a minute or two and take a good look around at the commoners, the dutiful valets, the beautiful landscape.The combat system is really simple once you get the hang of it. The customizeable combos you create are quite simple to remember but not that easy to do once you're in a crowd of enemies. I sometimes cursed the lack of lock-on but overall it's not needed. Some fights take much longer than they should because attacking multiple enemies at a time is quite difficult. Performing a healing combo correctly can be vital at times, due to Elite Enforcers' ability to constantly damage you when they're hit, for example.As for protagonist, our little slim smartie Nilin, she really kicks♥♥♥♥♥ She mistakenly seems fragile, but she can climb walls like Lara Croft and fight like Neo. A really adorable girl that has the ability to remix and steal memories. That's what the story revolves around: the great invention of the 21st century which can help rebuilding the world ravaged by war, or destroy it.The design, the animations and the visuals of the game are really amazing, but it could be so much better. A few levels are utterly boring (almost the entire Bastille). There are only four ""memory remixing"" episodes. And last is the combat which is spectacular but a little flawed, sometimes repetitive and tedious (I, for instance, have died about 20 times when fighting two Leapers that stole Trace's memory).If you're still in doubt, get this game on sale. It is really worth playing once. If you cope with the few flaws it has, it presents a great movie-like experience."
76561197968542098,Recommended,228300,12856915,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Avatar,"Game was better than I was lead to believe. Gameplay is somewhat streamlined, but the story was well done. World design and combat were great too. Could have used more of the memory sequences but all in all quite fun"
76561198025574217,Recommended,228300,13103478,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Elektricity,"Beautiful game! Forget the quirks, and remember all the good bits forever. Impressive amount of artwork on the environments, excellent story, not gorey. N.B: consider using a controller!"
,Recommended,228300,12929944,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sethron202,one of the best games i have ever played
76561197991263778,Recommended,228300,12960653,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,902,"It's something new and original , i totally loved the french flavor in this game , the game play was  very fun and the puzzles are interesting but what i really love is that everything is connected togather ! you would know what i'm saying when you play it your self ."
,Recommended,228300,13109081,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,"I know i've only played less than 5hours but so far I am really enjoying the story line which is highly emersive and the graphics are amazing and such a great game over all, I would highly recommend.My only issue is the camera when your battleing and there are other objects in the way but this doesn't put me off the game"
76561198052391358,Recommended,228300,13136479,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Osi,"Eh... On one hand its a very interesting story, but the gameplay is sorely lacking. I recommend because of the story and the hopes of a better executed sequel, but here are the problems with it:1) It's a bad port, pure and simple. If you try to use the mouse in menu it either doesn't work, or you wish it didn't. It has to be navigated by arrow keys for best effect.2) This game reminds me of Darksiders, the original, and not the good parts. It is entirely linear, there is no exploration other than several feet off the path for a collectable. The memory diving/altering scene shown in the trailer? Few and far between.What this game screams for is an open-world sequel, centered around its unique game mechanics. The HUD is very reminiscent of hacking in Watchdogs, and I keep thinking if this were on a similar engine with the free roaming of that game this would be fantastic. But of course, if this were open-world it would easily be a AAA title. Right now, it is not; no where near. Good idea, but mediocre execution at best."
,Recommended,228300,12932361,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Leyra,"It was an amazing ride. I didn't play it when I first got it. But after getting a controller, it made it so much better fo rme. And it was great, I would play it again if I didn't just finish it recently. It was one of those games you had hunches about certain things and then it would hit you in the face with it and blow you away. It was beautiful looking, even on the lowest settings I had it on it still looked normal and perfect. Highly Recomend."
,Recommended,228300,1713049,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Kennyist,"One of the best games ive played in a while, I really recomend buying this, especaily to support the devs with revewiers giving 7/10 based on combat gameplay.The world, art, story, music, atmoshper ETC really make the game great and worth it even if you dont really like the combat. I actually like the combat, it can be annoying at times yes, but its not that bad and great with the way the music supports it.9/10 - please buy."
,Recommended,228300,23668672,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ivmens,Good game but need more ''Memory Remix''
76561198028575394,Recommended,228300,10777854,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,KindredSpirit,"This game has beautiful art and is very futuristic, it is very well done and enjoyable"
76561198006125695,Recommended,228300,12880462,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PointBlank,Fantastic GameLooks great runs sweet and an immersive story.I'm really enjoying it.Can't believe Metacritic score i'ts soooo far of the mark.Do not pass up on this AAA gem
,Recommended,228300,13071507,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kitsune_No_Hime,"What to start with ?This French indie game is totally underarted !-Gameplay ? Check (Immersive and Intuitive but too linear, the only thing the game could have is a bit more of an open world)-Universe ? Check (Dark and full of discoveries, well built characters and a beautiful scenery with a (hi)story of it's own.-Replayability ? Check (Will you find all the bonuses ? All the goodies and beat all of the challenges ?)-Difficulty ? Check (Modulable from easy to hard -though it would be nice to have an even harder game !)In short: Awsome story line, a gameplay that will charm you, graphics from beyond ! Plus it's from a French Studio and takes place in ""Neo Paris"" with awsome concept and art !""Tout benef' !"""
76561198038973076,Recommended,228300,12169698,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Fluffy,This is very different from the normal types of games I play. But once I got used to the controls it's a very fun game to play.
76561198080843724,Recommended,228300,12070820,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,nsieger_s,"great game from the young development team. I very liked the setting. Neo-Paris is astonishing, while playing I wanted to learn more about the city, the world and etc which I normally don't do. I hope in the sequel we'll be able to explore every corner of Neo-Paris."
76561198066887860,Recommended,228300,10720592,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Frothy Jesus,"Remember Me is a game that keeps players thouroughly entertained as they explore the aesthetically appealing Neo-Paris. The combat system brings something new to the table as it allows you to create your own combos, and allows you to pick what perks each combo provides you when completed. The story of the game itself is rather interesting, and something I would recommend to other players to try out."
,Recommended,228300,10894591,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Draycular,"An extremely refreshing game, taking you away from all the mainstream hoopla with the CODs, Batmans and Battlefields. The gameplay, camera angles and the in-game soundtrack are exquisite!If you haven't played this game yet, you're definitely missing out!"
,Recommended,228300,11155936,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,evesea,"Remember Me is a close-ended action adventure game. I would recommend this game, but not if you're a 'baller on a budget'.Pros:Graphics in focus are great! (esp Nillin)Beautiful combat animationsTactical feel late gameAmazing SceneryAmazing SettingUnexpected plot changesStable game (no crashes from playthrough)Cons:Graphical details are awfulLackluster supporting charactersBusy work / cheap tactics necessary for certain enemiesVery 'on rails' on climbingConstant tutorial windows in first half.. In the middle of fightsBoring bossesThings that didn't effect my score, but I didn't like (subjective):Unrelatability of Main CharacterLack of any choice in moments that built up to her choiceToo much gameplay per dialogThis game is worth the time, and it is worth the $30. I would never recommend it at $60 simply because of its flaws, but unless you're strapped for cash, I can't see a reason why you wouldn't pick up the game.I'd say my main gripe is how much I did not care about the supporting characters or enemies, and how a majority of the characters could be named generic person 1 and generic person 2 and I wouldn't know the difference.My main praise is that there are 4 VERY unique scenes/gameplay parts of the game that you never see in any game, and because of that this game will be memorable to me (ha!). I wish they would have expanded on this more, and used it more often, but I'm glad it had a place in the game.7/10"
,Recommended,228300,11387892,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Anthrax Smoothy™,"This game is ridiculously fun. The story is very interesting, right from the beginning. I've gone through 5/7 episodes in two playthroughs due to how much I wanted to know the story.The graphics are beautiful, and the world is surreal. You actually feel sorry for the people who live in the slums with just how it looks. The idea of this technological world is just amazing.I picked it up for $10 while it was on sale, which is a reasonable price given how quickly you can play through this game.Also, even at the lowest setting, there are still some challenging fights."
,Recommended,228300,11407989,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kazuya Satya,"i like this game! the story make my head twisted, and the part i like the most maybe the 'remix the remix"" when nilin remix nilin younger her from her dad (actually this sentence confuse me a bit).and the graphic, even tho on medium, it is still worth looking for, as like bioshock infinite who shares the same enginelike the idea of the neo paris and the environment really represent future!"
76561198025783820,Recommended,228300,11158510,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,OutrageousDonut,"This was a great game and I got it on sale for $10. If it's on sale, absolutely get it. Otherwise just pass. I beat in less that ten hours but overall I enjoyed it. The gameplay was very linear, but that's okay because I kept wanting to see what would happen next in the story. The memory remix concept was really cool but I wish the designers would have put at least one per episode. The combat system tries to keep you from just spamming buttons and requires very little skill to get the hang of it. I think it's fun nonetheless. The story alone is worth getting this game for."
76561198099269226,Recommended,228300,11049691,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Crab WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB 19,Easy to play and has pretty graphics
,Recommended,228300,10986156,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TehGoat,"Great game if you play it for the story and you're in to cyberpunky stuff. Combat is really nice to look at, but it can get a bit repetitive towards the end if you don't play in the combo lab and refresh things once in a while. The ""normal"" difficulty is fair and except for one fight (two mourner leapers in Ep7, unless you have two Focus bars you'll probably be really frustrated) it was smooth sailing. The platforming, like the entire game, is strictly linear, don't expect anything like AC.Nilin's quite a babe, reminded me of Faith (Mirror's Edge) a little bit.Overall recommended... preferably with a gamepad."
,Recommended,228300,10945972,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nilin Lusankya,"Pros:+Deeply moving storyline with excellent character development, rare for a game to have a female protaganist that I actually care for.+The best level design I have seen since Half Life 2. Around every corner is something that makes me say ""wow"".+Beatiful visuals (after an essential tweak) and a vivid, colourful world.+Dynamic and fluid combat mechanics with a number of strategies available.+Parkour is smooth and simple to master.+Memory Remixing is a stroke of genius, and can be an emotional rollercoaster.+Fabulous music that adds well to the immersion.Cons:-Levels can sometimes feel a little too linear, despite the game being non open-world by design.-Memory Remixing, probably the game's strongest point, is simply not explored enough.-Very little replayability aside from completing all collectibles.-Rather duff final boss, despite the superb and moving build-up.-Combat and some other elements are poorly explained with no tutorial leaving the player to figure out what to do.-Default game has a stupid film-grain effect which ruins the visuals, but this is easily removed (PM me).-Camera difficult to control, FOV can be restrictive and is not editable.-Although it functions well, parkour remains fairly simplistic and could have been expanded.Overall I really enjoyed the game experience, despite the cons. This game recieves 9/10 bacons."
,Recommended,228300,11848740,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Vayl ♥,"Overall Score: 7/10My advice: If you enjoy a game for its story and can overlook repetitive fighting, pick it up on sale.Genre: Action Adventure, PlatformerAlright, let me get all of the puns out of the way first.While Remember Me does have some memorable moments, a sound track that won't get out of your head, and an environment that sticks out in your memory, the combat was utterly forgettable and left me nostalgic for other fighting games.*Ahem*With that out of the way, you play as Nilan, a girl who's forcably lost memory of who she is, but is saved from having her mind completely wiped thanks to a mysterious figure named Edge. He belongs to a group called the Errorists, people determined to cleanse a society that uses memories as a form of tradable commodity, and experiments with memory itself to produce a stable, segregated city. As you venture through the game, you come across the nightmares of such experimentation and ultimately begin to take part in the most fun aspect of the game --remixing memories of certain people you come across and changing elements of what they recall to get them to join your cause.It's really hard for me to figure out the kind of game Remember Me is trying to be. It gives this rich and interesting world but confines you to a linear path. It develops a wealth of interesting characters, but such flat development that at times feels forced. It tries to put together a unique combat system, but with such simple mechanics, most matches devolve into acrobatic button mashing. The coolest element of the game, memory remixing, doesn't happen nearly enough for it to hold the game up on its own. The worst part about it is a certain amount of pretentiousness with how it knows it's an artsy, smart game. Still, the music and atmosphere are astounding, and I have to give credit where it's due --it's a damn good story. Just wish the other elements had more thought put into them."
,Recommended,228300,11341487,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Nite_Traveler,"A fantastic, and incredibly underrated game. I remember looking forward to this before it released, but then being discouraged by all of the negative and mixed reviews. So unfortunately, it took me a while before I finally bought and played the game. Moral of the story: don't listen to the critics! The developers have created a beautifully imaginative future, complete with stunning graphics and a captivating soundtrack. Gameplay mostly consists of platforming through the streets of Neo Paris, battling enemies with an innovative combat system, solving puzzles and generally interacting the environment with augmented reality tools. All together, it's an incredible concept, and a joy to play. It feels a bit like the mechanics of a Prince of Persia game, with graphics reminiscent of Mirror's Edge and a setting and story not unlike Tomb Raider: Angel of Darkness. This reviewer finds that to be an excellent combination.As much as I enjoyed the game, I now have a better understanding of why some players may have become easily frustrated with the combat system. I did not understand it for the first hour or two of gameplay, and I very nearly quit the game for good. But after the first memory remix - easily the best concept in this game and sadly underused - I was determined to keep playing to continue unraveling the story. With a bit more patience, I came to love the combat system and realize just how fun it could be (and, mind you, I'm not usually a melee/combat sort of gamer). By the end of the game, I had pretty much mastered the combat system, and found myself customizing combos on the fly depending on the battle at hand. So if you're struggling with the combat, be patient with it and don't let it ruin the whole game for you.I do however have one major gripe with the game, which is how excessively linear it is. You're in this incredibly vibrant world, and 9 out of 10 of doors are closed off to you, steering you down a narrow path to your objectives. And it's a one way street - almost every single time you go through a door, it closes behind you, sealing off any secrets or powerups you may have missed. The game uses a unique premise for offering powerups - you catch a glimpse of where they are and have to remember the location before you pass it by, which is trickier than it seems. And as far as the platforming goes, you're limited to climbing on very specific objects the whole way through, indicated in orange. With how vast the world is, I suppose this makes sense or otherwise you could be climbing in every direction. As much as I want another massive open world game, (what can I say, I've been spoiled by Assassin's Creed) I understand that that may have been beyond the scope of the debut of this IP. At the same time, considering the immense amount of time that must have gone into this meticulously designed city, it's a shame to breeze through it all in a matter of hours. Me personally, I finished the game in about 10 hours. I look forward to replaying it again at some point- it's definitely worth it. Remember Me does allow you to reload chapters so you can find powerups and secrets that you missed the first time through - and I may end up doing just that.One thing that I must applaud this game for, in stark contrast to many other games out there, is how it continues to innovate and evolve over the course of its 8 chapters. New enemies appear and old ones grow stronger, you gain new abilities and unlock more powerful combos, and the tools and puzzles grow ever more complex, right up to the end. Boss battles and memory remix scenes add an extra challenge that serves to end each chapter with a satisfying resolution. The memory remix dynamic is very original, I really don't think I've ever seen anything like it. It's just a shame it only appears four times in the game. The soundtrack is also fantastic, built from notes of somewhat familiar classical Parisian orchestra, remixed with what I can only describe as futuristic and chaotic glitches - in a way that feels natural. The music also is well-weaved into the combat. I was reading that the composer wanted the soundtrack to feel as chaotic as the world of Remember Me itself - a world where memories can change or be erased at a whim. I think they did an excellent job in that endeavour.I was also very impressed with the story, which kept me hooked, surprised, and emotionally engaged all the way to the end. This is a story that does not feel too far off from our own world, and closes with a powerful and appropriate ending. I found the final boss battle to be a bit strange, and perhaps a bit too easy, and at the same time I enjoyed it thoroughly.Personally, I think this game is worthy of a strong 9/10, however if I end up posting this review online anywhere I'd bump that to 10/10 to even the scales a bit. I honestly believe that the game is short on flaws, and the only ones that do exist are most likely a reflection of what particular gamers like and don't like in their games. I see many bad reviews from those who tried an hour or two of the combat and gave up, just like I almost did, and missed out on the rest of a great game. And I acknowledge that not every game has to be open world, and that I'm a bit spoiled to expect that. So even my biggest complaint does not really stick. So now that I've completed the game, perhaps this review finds me doing a bit of my own memory editing, to put some of my own minor gripes into perspective. This is a fantastic game, one of my top favorites of the year and one I won't soon forget. Highly recommended. 9/10"
76561198059227257,Recommended,228300,9943954,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,ICƎBLU,"I find this game very amazing. The graphics were pretty good as well as the gameplay itself. You will have propably troubles with the combos and stuff when it comes to fight. About the story: The best i´ve seen so far. Plot twist every 20 minutes of the gameplay. Oh,and you should have good graphic card, because the graphics at high level are really phantastic. I really recommend to buy this game,it´s worth it."
76561198072009836,Recommended,228300,9583644,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rocco Siffredi,"Awesome story, beautiful graphics and stunning protagonist, gameplay could be a little longer thou...definitely worth buying and playing"
,Recommended,228300,15259351,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,wexxy,"Interesting story with a pretty interesting take on the whole singularity/post-humanism concept in the style of memories being commoditized. Set in Paris, the game has a very original aesthetic, with excellent art, music, and an interesting narrative.The combat is a little boring, but I wouldn't say it hinders the story in any way. Some of the puzzle sequences are a bit frustrating. Sometimes selecting a lot of small items on a wall to pick one to move took WAY longer than it should have, and some of the riddles took me a few too many listens to figure out (but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥RIDDLES IN A GAME it's 2015).Overall, if the aesthetic/story doesn't grab you immediately, you can probably pass on this, as the combat isn't anything revolutionary."
76561197990847234,Recommended,228300,10917973,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nova Blancke,Pretty interesting game.Customizable combo's which make the game versatile.Cutscence cannot be skipped however. So it could be a little annoying if you are aiming to get all of the achievements.
,Recommended,228300,10163185,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,`Xaradiyel,The key feature of this game was the unique storyline and the flow of it. Graphics were great and if the world was more open this game would be totally awesome. The first few episodes might make the player little boring but when going on with the main storyline and learning about major plot twists makes this game addictive. Memory remixes and awesome pressens makes the gameplay so much interesting. I would totally recommend this for players who love RPG/Action. This would be better if they had a collection of more DLC packs or additional content. For $29.99 people might hesitate to buy this because its not yet mainstream.
,Recommended,228300,15026591,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bearpaw,"Remember Me has been given a raw deal. True the combat gets repetitive at times, the memory remixing is perhaps under utilised and the game is very much ""on rails"" (to be fair they never said that it was going to be anything but and I'm a strong believer that sometimes it's nice to just be led through a story - Last of Us is pretty much linear for example). However the world the game inhabits is extremely rich, the sounds and graphics add to that. The story is fascinating and gets pretty far out towards the end. It's what I lazily deem ""high concept"" with some of the ideas - something that rarely goes down well with the mainstream reviewers. It's a real shame though. Unlike some of the other ""better"" games out there, I sat down and played Remember Me over the course of a week or so and finished it. It drew me in, told a great story and offered some extremely memorable moments....and a fantastic sound track.Sometimes we really should just celebrate art."
,Recommended,228300,14064183,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,RatsNCatsNBats,I was already excited for Life is Strange but I just played through Remember Me and the quality of writing has my expectation levels for Life is Strange really high now. Very emotional and powerful cyberpunk story that put me in mind of William Gibson. The beat-em-up and collectibles gameplay is pretty basic though the memory remix sequences really stand out in both mechanics and in relation to the plot. While I would have liked to see more of the memory puzzles I felt the pacing of the game as a whole is actually really good. Excellent electronic music soundtrack as well.
,Recommended,228300,15654184,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,J'Baadargo,"Excellent game, but it's lacking one of the major things that I thought this game was meant to be about: Remixing Memories. I don't have many hours on record, but I have completed the game elswhere.Pros:Amazing graphicsAttention to detailAwesome storylineBritish AccentsPlot TwistsLots of CombosGreat AnimationsMusicBoss Fights (Especially Zorn)Sci-Fi SettingCons:Not enough Memory RemixesFighting MechanicsRepetitive GameplayOverall 8/10. Not something I would play every day, but it's something good to pick up and play for a couple of minutes."
,Recommended,228300,16303467,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,younull,amazingLove it
,Recommended,228300,9814317,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Autumnal,"Remember Me has a fully realized world.  The action combat was a bit hard for me at very late game, but despite that I really enjoyed my time with this game.  Compelling story, great and powerful art design, and just-used-enough-to-tease-you memory remix system that is wholly unique."
,Recommended,228300,16148173,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,juanMa2V,"For some reason I never heard of this game and how awesome it is.Great story rich game.  I does feels on rails most of the time, like Bioshock Infinite, but for me that is not a problem.Remember you soon..."
,Recommended,228300,16395506,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Elias,"I really recommend buying and playing the game till the end!So the game starts of horrible, the graphics and everything looks amazing don't get me wrong, but the gameplay in the first half of the game is super boring. So  just turn off your brain and keep on trucking untill you reach chapter 4-5.You need to parcour your way through a city, but it's all pointed out for you so you just follow a path. They don't even give you the illusion that you can figure your own way out. So that's really sad.The combat is fun for how long it lasts, which isn't long at all.When you reach chapter 4-5'ish the game really starts. The combat gets fun, rewarding and challanging. The story starts to blossom and the parts inbetween become shorter and less of a choar and more of a puzzle.Speaking off puzzles, there are some really cool and thought through puzzles in the game where you rearrange memories of people and solve riddles. The combat gets awesome because you learn different combo's and sick cooldown moves.You'll hopefully notice a lot of winks and references to all sorts of things in the game which is always fun.The environment is so well put together that it's a shame they didn't make it open world for the player to discover.It's hard to explain why you should buy and finish this game without spoiling anything.But I can say you will enjoy awesome boss fights, beautifull environments and graphics and the best part about the gameis the great storyline which is like a mix between Inception and Memento in the best way possible :) This game could've easily been a great movie."
76561198067180939,Recommended,228300,16019931,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,0ns1aught,"This game was pretty amazing from the beginning. It takes an hour or two to figure out the system and basic layout of the game, but its a shame this game didnt take off and sell a million copies. The story is a big driving force in the game and the main heroine is likable and charismatic. The battle scenes are top notch and the overall gameplay is similar to Enslaved with a mix of combos.The combo system is unique and original, and its actually beneficial to learn each one (there are 4).Each combo can be tailored to your liking and play-style and they become a major necessity. There are very unique moments in the game where you have to alter people's memories to achieve a particular reaction from them, and this is one of the greatest aspects of the game. The combat remains interesting throughout the game and the story remains clear and there isnt a moment where it becomes boggled in confusion or side-tracking.Over all, I really enjoyed the game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a medium length game with tons of action, some character development, and combo and quick time event sequences."
,Recommended,228300,13174848,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,"DO NOT LET THE METASCORE FOOL YOU.This game is a perfect blend of puzzle-like elements and fighting along with a very detailed and colorful story, and so far I've enjoyed every second that I played. Although at times the controls do feel a bit unresponsive (it's a port), it doesn't seem to dectract from the overall gameplay too much.If it's on sale, it is most definitely worth getting for people that like puzzles and combat."
,Recommended,228300,13383085,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Snesso,"As always the initial hype will ruin the actual game experience, but it was still an enjoyable game. Really liked the whole dystopian setting but the story barely explains anything (it barely explains the main plot even) unless you go and read the extra collectibles throughout the game.Gameplay is okay, they wanted the fighting to be like Batman but it feels a bit clunky and not as freeflowing. Apart from fighting, it's mostly linear traveling, with a lot of unskippable ""cutscene dialogue"" you can't skip (and will stop you from running, literally).Still, it's a cool game, worth buying when on a sale"
,Recommended,228300,13687928,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sleepdotexe,"This game features some of the most underappreciated graphics I've seen in a while, and that's running the game on medium settings with a low-power graphics card. Altough combat gets less and less exciting the further you progress, the impressive detail gone into the design of Neo-Paris and the storyline accompanying draws your attention away from the more minor flaws.Pros:- Stunning visuals- Runs well on low spec CPUs- Interesting storylines- Memory remixing mechanic is well built- Customisable combos with different moves- Voice acting is not too badCons:- Fighting is easy and reptitive- Little variation between enemies- Camera angles can be ambiguous- Controls while scaling walls are awkward- You can backflip away from enemies any time you like?- Very linear storyline- Arrows are constantly telling you where to go: all difficulty of finding your way is lost.My favourite part of the game so far is being able to admire all the scenery and effort that has been put into the level desing - especially while climbing up pipes (you get some of the most amazing views while climbing up pipes on the sides of buildings). The tall, majestic buildings of the city and the deteriorating pits of the slums. I only wish fighting wasn't so easy. You can beat your way through several enemies very quickly by simply spamming the LMB and RMB keys. Even once you have defeated an enemy, if you keep clicking, Nilin will backflip straight to another enemy and continue fighting immediately. There is a very low level of difficulty between most enemies, the hardest being those that can disappear at will.On the other hand, I do enjoy the fact that you can customise your combos with different moves, or ""pressens"". However this also can make fighting simple as there are pressens that can regenerate your health. As soon as you equip these very close to the beginning of a combo, any damage you happen to take has virtually no impact as you can just brush it off by beating up more enemies.TL;DRIf you enjoy games with very appealing graphics and games which aren't CPU intensive, this is the game for you. It has a good storyline, but fighting is too easy and repetitive."
,Recommended,228300,11269158,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,IA,"As a designer, this game is spectacular. I can only hope future AR interfaces will look this beautiful. There is so much detail in every scene, I can't help but look around, examining everything.This is by far the most beautiful game I've ever played.Besides the sometimes glitchy and difficult to control camera system, this is a top quality story-driven hybrid of a game. It somehow balances action, puzzles, and Prince-of-Persia-style climbing. The combat seems too easy at first, but it becomes more interesting as you unlock features.I recommend this game for anyone who likes cyberpunk, or a deep and immersive story."
76561198012838349,Recommended,228300,9568891,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,rebel908,"It's a very daring project in the day and age of safe sequels and proven IPs. Remember Me doesn't always succeed, but it never falls flat on its face. The story is daring, the combat is interesting, and the setting portrays how far inequality can go.The game isn't without its faults, but to discredit Remember Me for not getting everything right on its first go is harsh. It's an enjoyable game if you're open minded about what you're getting out of it."
,Recommended,228300,9500308,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Slackarse,I would be sorely disappointed if Neo Paris was not revisited in the future. Such a beautiful world to explore.
,Recommended,228300,12119026,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SaSSolino,good♥♥♥♥♥game with a (finally) good♥♥♥♥♥porting. go for it yo!
,Recommended,228300,16854100,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Shobonimaster,"This is frustrating one for me to review in this binary “yes or no” system because I have such mixed feelings about this game that swing between absolute love and seething hate.I want to recommend this based on the writing and graphic design alone because the story is beautiful and it has gorgeous visuals that only serve to enhance that. It’s very rare that I get this emotional about a game but the bittersweet story and the well done plot twists ended up engrossing me it and and just ripping at my heart strings, especially the moral it all lead up to. This is definitely one to throw on the evidence pile in defense of games being art.I also loved all the interesting game mechanics the whole VR aspect of the Sension system the plot revolves around inspires. The glove Nilin uses to interact with the world can interface with various computer and security systems in the environment to unlock doors, manipulate objects, steal memories, damage enemies, and even execute them via overloading their memories.The two main mechanics are the memory stealing, and memory remixing:Once you’ve stolen a memory you find beacons in the environment that allow to you reply them in order to see things like correct paths through dangerous areas or to gain access to locked devices via syncing the memories access to themThe other is the bigger one, memory remixing:There’s key times in the plot where you get to remix other character memories via accessing and changing key things about the ensuing cutscenes until the changes create a kind of domino effect that forces the memory to play out the way you want and thus. This is generally used to manipulate someone’s perception in a way that heals their mind via showing them the potential evils of their actions or allowing them to let go of their anger.The combat system was also interesting with the custom combos (you use “pressins” give special effects to each attack with the combo), acrobatic dodges, finishing moves, and special attacks.Unfortunately, the combat is also where the mixed feelings come.Later on the game some insanely cheap and difficult enemies get thrown and often get used in areas and in combinations that make the fights feel unfair and artificially difficult instead of rewarding or fun.One of the most glaring examples is a type of soldier that that has something like an electrical shield and thus you take damage every-time you hit him. There’s no way save for using a  certain special move (which has a long cooldown unless you adjust your combos around decreasing cooldown on specials, thus greatly decreasing their damage) and you’ll often fight two or three of them at once. This guy also soaks up an obscene amount of damage.It will also often swamp you with weaker enemies that over-run you while a couple strong ones teleport around and curb-stomp you in the confusion.I often had to basically cheat by constantly re-adjusting my combos mid-combat to do whatever kept me alive at or dealing damage at that moment and it really broke up the flow of combat as ai went in and out ot the menus constantly.So yeah, I guess verdict is a cautious recommendation to pick it up on sale as long you’re okay with playing for the story and can tough-out some frustrating and and unfair fights to see said story."
,Recommended,228300,9659530,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,LameWalletChain,"Confession time: I've really tried my best to like the Elder Scroll series. Seriously. I've purchased almost all of the recent games and given them each a few hours to win me over and none of them have done it. It's confusing to me because I really enjoy sprawling dramatic RPGs. I spent over 100 hours on the Fallout games and another 200 on the Mass Effect series. I think my problem is the fantasy setting; thees, thous, spells and swordplay never seem to resonate with me as much as the future (dystopian or otherwise).That's how I found Remember Me. I was reading some of the forums posts about the recent port of Deus Ex: The Fall and someone recommended it instead. Thankfully it was also part of the Steam Sale.Remember Me takes place in the Sci-Fi Dystopian Future of 2084. We've figured out how to backup, restore and replay human memories. These memories can also be bought, sold, shared or stolen. You play Nilin who is a memory hunter in New Paris who has the ability to manipulate and ""remix"" memories. Oh and she doesn't remember her past!1! So yeah - dramatic political intrigue, conspiracy, etc. Fun stuff. No swords.The city reminds me of Deus Ex except it is 3rd person and not gold tinted. It's really pretty beautiful. The gameplay is really reminiscent of the recent Batman Arkham games. There's a simple, but fun combo system interspersed with counter-attacks and some gadget weapons. I enjoyed the flow of fighting in the Batman games and this really scratched that itch. You can also customize your combos so that as they stack they'll do different things, such as do extra damage, refill your health or recharge your gadgets. For the most part it is really well done and has full controller support.I've played the game for about 6 hours and I've had two chances to ""remix"" memories and that mechanic is pretty fun to. Kind of reminds me of the crime-scene mechanic in Batman Arkham Origins. You can rewind and replay the memory to notice and interact with certain items. As you do so - that person's memory may change in ways that further the story. Fun stuff.Also worth mentioning that Nilin is a cool main character. She's in good company among Jade (Beyond Good and Evil), April/Zoe (Longest Journey) or Kate Wilson (Hydrophobia). So far the story is interesting and the voice acting is good.The two downsides for Remember Me are 1) it is only available for Windows and 2) the Steam Sale has ended so the game back up to $29.99.  Other than that I highly recommend this as an alternative to a game with swords or gold tint."
,Recommended,228300,15680393,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Boardbreaker93,"If you get this game, proceed with the knowledge that the combat system is wonky and takes getting used to and there are so many random cutscenes and forced slow-walking sections that I felt like exploding during the second playthrough. If that doesn't bother you when achievement hunting, then great! For what I payed, though, it's a masterpiece. The music is great and really atmospheric, the story's at least interesting."
76561198008720749,Recommended,228300,9729711,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,luckyloafers,"This amazing piece of game took away my overwhelming distaste for France. Now I have a distaste for France, but I am willing to give their women a second chance. The customizable combat system was one of the best things put into a brawler like this in a long time and I hope to see more of the style. You can set up your combos to work with your fighting style. Whether it be more damage, healing, or extra special moves. Memory mixing is awesome, but there are far to few of these awesome points in this game. These are scenes in which you go into someone's memory and change small pieces to create an entirely new course of events that can completely change their personality. This is one of the most original gameplay elements and it only happens a handful of time. While, I wouldn't want them to over do it and take away the magic of when it does happen, a few more scenes would have been cool.  All the power upgrades will leave you feeling like a badass, but never like a god where fights seem to lose their challange and only seem to slow you down from finishing the story line. The graphics are beautiful and the soundtrack is amazing. They create a beautiful world, with a style all it's own. I strongly reccomend pulling out your credit card and throwing it at your monitor to buy the game!"
76561198004567417,Recommended,228300,14554942,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mordakkar,An amazing and unfortunately relatively unknown game.10/10 Story10/10 Combat10/10 Level Design
,Recommended,228300,12166302,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Grifter,Gameplay is basically the Batman Arkham games in a pretty well written Gibson/P.K.Di ck style Cyberpunk world. 8/10edit: PKD's name gets censored lol
76561198141545305,Recommended,228300,11470700,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Xircilien,This game is just awesome. And I think it should get a bigger score
76561197982655302,Recommended,228300,14737875,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Josh5909,Story: A+. Controls: A+. Ideology: ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,228300,18148817,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket™,"The Good+ The overall style and aesthetics and level design looks fantastic+ Gets away from the bland  post-apocalyptic style that a lot of games has+ The dialogue is so bad its good sometimes+ Platforming mechanics are decent, level design is straightforward, not much guessing work+ The cutscenes are very well done+ Decent use of quick time events(used well in this scenario)+ The sounds for the game are greatThe Bad- The story is pretty bad, I won't give much away but its just so corny. Like really corny.- The boss battles are pretty bad, I don't know how to elaborate more than that- Combat system is ""different"" but also just badThe Ugly-- The combat system is pretty atrocious-- The dialogue and voice actors are straight gutter quality(bad enough that it made me laugh - so I gave a +)I would recommend this game for maybe like $5-$10 - no more."
76561198009650868,Recommended,228300,2587895,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,dsk1210,"I can't believe some of the reviews for this, its a fantastic game.The game play takes a while to get going as the combos ramp up later in the game, maybe the combat could be a little more responsive but once your used to the timing and the idea of the pressens, it all flows together.Good story, great graphics and performance, a very underated game and i hope you enjoy it as much as i have."
,Recommended,228300,12191873,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nemaa,"A game that mixes Batman-style combat with Assassin’s Creed-style parkour, has memory and combo remixing. It has maybe a bit too much cutscenes, but otherwise a decent story and I like the aesthetic of the game; they’ve created a beautiful cyberpunk Neo-Paris. Not recommended for those who don’t like surreal or bizarre visuals :)"
76561198057981817,Recommended,228300,8447018,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NaCl| Salt-Li,"I am pleasently surprised by this game, it is quite good. I rarely can say Capcom can publish a game with a good story (whether or not Capcom did it.. I don't know) The gameplay is very simple, the concept though.. is great.. Great plot from start to finish. Would of made a great movie. Nilin's struggle with herself was great. Edge being what Edge was (minus the look) was well thoughtout.  I'd give this game 8/10.. Its kinda like Asuras Wrath (minus the great artwork). Decent gameplay, but great story."
76561198056121445,Recommended,228300,11293241,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,capsule,"This game might have some flaws when it comes to the combat or jumping/climbing, but it certainly did teach me something. The voice inside you that was always there to guide you, that experience that made you grow, not only from the positive memories, it's also from the negative ones. The path you walk is the one that is true and full with life, but only if you accept the truth of what has happened and that what still has to happen.Now aside from all the deep words.I really enjoyed this game, i will still continue to play it again and maybe again... and again.I love the combat even though it's a little bit glitchy it seems, but that only makes me try harder.I will remember this game.wipetears.jpg"
76561198067578899,Recommended,228300,13170210,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Evane,"Excellent visuals, soundtrack, story and interesting combo system. This game is so underrated."
76561198049260692,Recommended,228300,15601363,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kez,"Remember when games were fun, innovative, and just plain awesome. Me too!Seriously, this isn't the best game in the world but it does have a strong design and narrative backing it up with a strong sterile aesthetic that really brings Neo-Paris alive. Mixing all that together truly makes it a memorable experience.The combat is reminscent of the FreeFlow combat mechanic of the Batman games which is always a plus in my books. Its nothing new but with the combo-lab giving you the power to create your own combinations of attacks it mixes up the combat immensly.The controls are a bit wacky at times and the camera doesn't seem to want to be your best friend when you need it the most.This game has made me a fan of Dontnod, I'm looking forward to what they do next! (I'm aware of Life is Strange that's an awesome game as well!)The cyberpunk setting in my opinion is something that is a niche concept, considering that in games it's embraced. With games like Deus Ex and Shadowrun pioneering the Cyberpunk genre/setting Remember Me is a different interpretation of the very Cyberpunk ideal but it does it in such a way that it resonates with the core themes that Cyberpunk present."
,Recommended,228300,14174680,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wratts,"A unique action adventure game in the vein of your traditional hack 'n slash or brawler action adventures. If you're into games like God of War or Devil May Cry, you may take a liking to Remember Me. It combines a fluid brawling mechanic with the Combo Lab, which allows you to construct your own hit combos to your own liking. The combat controls themselves are simplistic, alternating only between punch, kick, dodge, special techniques that trigger unusual conditions in the environment against your enemies, and using a sort of blast gun. On top of this, you get to do some parkour-style navigation and platforming through the environments, which strongly resembles the Prince of Persia games but is fairly simplistic. It even throws in a handful of easy puzzles here and there to mix things up, most notably the ability to ""remix"" certain people's memories during the storyline to make them change their beliefs.The setting, story and characters are by far Remember Me's strongest point. It's a very good cyberpunk scenario, revolving around themes of questioning the nature of personal identity and what kind of value you can place on memories. The graphics, sound effects, music, and overall atmosphere are excellent. The story concludes on an interesting ending and the journey there is at times unsettling—in all the right ways, as is appropriate for the scenario's genre.The game's weakest point is its total length and replayability. I played the game on the highest difficulty from the start, and was finished with the story within 12 hours. Now, this is not to say that it's super-easy or I'm very good, because I felt adequately challenged considering the setting and some fights and bosses gave me quite a bit to chew on till I had figured out how to beat them. The game has an excellently smooth learning curve and maintained an entertaining difficulty throughout. The amount of hand-holding was kept to the minimum of what's expected of modern games and some of the fights and boss scenes surprised me in how the game designers wanted players to think outside of the box and inject some variety outside of the regular brawling with common enemies throughout the game. However, the issue still stands: the length and replayability is extremely limited. Outside of going back to hunt for all achievements and hidden items, because the level designs are very linear and there are no additional challenge modes or anything else to extend the play experience.Everything gels nicely in this game. Nothing feels contrived or redundant, which is often a problem with games in this genre, where you'll complete the game with abilities you never used or features that you ignored. If anything, I wish it were longer so I could get more use out of its many cool features, and I'm looking forward to any games that DONTNOD produces next. If anything about this game looks or sounds even remotely interesting to you, you should give it a try."
,Recommended,228300,17654297,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Trogdor,"If you like playing a game for its story like me then you'll probably like this one.  For me the story comes first and the gameplay second, unless the controls are horribly buggy, which they aren't.  The story kept me interested and wanting to learn more.  There are also some very nice visuals from the futuristic city streets to the grungy slums.  These things made the game very enjoyable for me but be warned, this game is VERY linear.  There's very little room for exploration outside of the main path."
,Recommended,228300,8750932,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,NeverLucky,"really good game. has decent gameplay which is a fighting/brawling gameplay similar to the batman games but has twists such as abilities and custimizing combos, such as gaining health, reducing cooldowns on abilities, and power hits. the games story is pretty solid and definitely fun to play. the graphics are also pretty good but nothing amazing here. overall totally worth it."
,Recommended,228300,8642667,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Psycho Twi,"I was slightly hesitant to buy this game.  Other reviews really seemed to put it down pretty fierce.  Gameplay wise, faults can be found.  Story wise - if you buy what this game is trying, begging, to sell you, it is an absolutely amazing experience.  Cyberpunk done right, with an interesting mix of Batman Arkham games and Deus Ex.  Caught me by surprise, and by the end of it I was so happy to have found this game in the first place."
76561198010687016,Recommended,228300,18602153,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Izjeen,"What an awesome game, from the graphics to the awesome soundtrack and the quirky modern neo plot, Really enjoyable, really recommend playing."
,Recommended,228300,10947574,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fully Functional Chess Piece,"Remember Me was an emotional experience, an immersive glance into a potential future, and a journey into questioning morality.Overall, this game was unbelievably fantastic- it took place in such an interesting, immersive world to the point where you wanted to look around simply to learn more about it. The story was beautifully written, the protagonist was and will always be one of my absolute favorites, and the twists and turns in how the game played out kept you wanting to learn more, wanting to see how it would all end.That being said, the ending was... Not perfect. Albeit it was decently epic and it introduced another interesting concept on top of the already interesting ""memory industry"" dynamic, it was also somewhat cliche, in all honesty.In addition, I have to agree with some of the criticisms on the gameplay- my first playthrough was on Memory Hunter (hardest difficulty) and a lot of the time it felt like ""see if you can time your dodges right while simultaneously throwing out punches between dodges to get your focus up"". In other words, it sometimes felt kind of like *press space, okay, punch twice, space again, punch twice... and so on*. Then again, my standards for gameplay in narrative-oriented singleplayer RPGs is usually decently low, so I thought it was fun enough. Tedious at times, definitely.The best way I can summarize how I felt/feel about this game is: it was basically another Dishonored with (decently) worse gameplay. Same immersive feel, both extremely interesting worlds, both well-written stories and characters, both beautiful art direction, etc.Do I recommend it? Hell yes."
,Recommended,228300,17547448,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Wendy Wickwire,"Good story, good gameplay, great music, excellent message - GG!"
76561198028059421,Recommended,228300,17163475,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Buddytiger,"It is a cyberpunk tale of a dystopia where people can trade, steal, implant and delete memories.The game feels very linear and there are some camera issues, but the gameplay is sound, the memory tampering mechanics are great (though there are only 4 of these ""remixes"" in the game) and the combat system requires the player to think a little which is not a bad thing. It plays like ""Tomb raider"" meets ""Deus Ex: human revolution"", but it's lacking in environmental interaction, which doesn't alleviate the feeling of being on rails.Who is this game for? Mainly for science-fiction fans. Some of the dialogues could have been better, and there are a few questions left unanswered at the end of the story, but the plot would make a better movie than 90% of the current holywood blockbusters.And if you're french or would like to see a vision of Paris in the future, it's the perfect game. The art is beautiful, even stunning, and the atmosphere at some moment is enthralling. The cutscenes blend seamlessly in the game, and make the cinematics all the more engaging."
,Recommended,228300,16687599,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"If you liked Mirror Edge, you'll love this game as well.Great story line, cool effects, interesting fights, however there are those annoying key move combos you must press at certain boss fights, which I absolutely detest.Other than that, this is a great game to enjoy and have fun, sit back and play the movie."
,Recommended,228300,12164456,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mono,A mix of Batman Arkham combat style with Deus Ex:HR's world plus an interesting story concept.
,Recommended,228300,33210953,Posted: 3 July,all,zsec,"This was one of those games where it's been sitting in your backlog for who know's how long, and you finally make youself play, and loved it. I bought this on sale and here is what I thought:+Combat+Graphics+Story+Music+Controls+Atmosphere-Level Design: Could have been more open world instead of leading onto a path+Memorize+DifficultyThe only thing that was missing was the Matrix.. I give this a 9/10 or a 4/5 depending on what your scale is. Oh, you will hate the soilders with the electric shield.. $@#$%@"
76561198094926076,Recommended,228300,33275719,Posted: 5 July,all,Rosalind Lutece,"I really enjoyed this game. I'm not going to lie, I feel like the story could have been fleshed out some more and things could've been made a little clearer in some places (not that they were confusing, just...things could've been linked better instead of just being presented as new information, it felt like the devs were just trying to fast forward a little too quick sometimes) and yeah, the combat is repetitive, but...honestly for what it was it was pretty great. It had me considering my choices, feeling guilty or heartwarmed, I may have also shed a tear or two...ahem.But anyway, yeah. I'd reccommend it, definitely, although maybe when it's on sale. Enjoy walking in Nilin's shoes and figuring everything out as she does! (I didn't see a lot of it coming, so they did that really well!)Oh also, quick edit because I forgot to add it: stunning music."
,Recommended,228300,9768723,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Lizzie B,"Lets be real - I'd buy this game even if it was crap because it was a woman of color protag. But it wasn't crap! It was actually a lot of fun, with a story that (while not flawless) was quite good. The combat can be simplistic if you want to play it that way, but taking full advantage of the combo builder system keeps things interesting. I really only have two major complaints. First off, certain key battles end in quick-time events that, if you don't manage to pull them off, will kick you back into the fight with the boss having regened that bit of their health so you have to beat them down again. After the second or third time you fail a QTE this gets REALLY annoying. Second, I thought the plot had more potential than where it actually went. Aside from that it was a solid and fun game with cool action and did not overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,228300,29295657,Posted: 16 January,all,Aríllae,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game! The art style and music were great and the gameplay was a balanced mix of memory remixing, combat, puzzles and jumping about like a mad woman! There are tried and tested mechanics but also some unique stuff going on. A few of the fights were quite challenging but I played on 'script kiddie' mode and found most of the game pretty straight forward. The story was told mainly through cut scenes, memory remixes and communications with 'Edge' which kept me intrigued throughout and I thought the ending was interesting. Would happily recomend this game as I think it has something to offer a variety of gamers."
,Recommended,228300,24734210,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rosalyne,"This game has a very unique concept and storyline that catches your attention right away.The story line is fantastic and will take you on many turns of emotion. You follow the main character Nilin through her journey of self discovery. Luckily, it's not nearly as boring as it sounds.The special ""Remix"" mechanic that is the signature of the game, used to rewrite people's memories, always makes a huge impact on the story when used. I'm glad the ""Remix"" mechanic isn't used in every chapter of the game, as it adds to the significance of the plot. However, be prepared because due to the game being a PC port and not originally intended for PC use it can seem clunky or overall impossible to use until you get accustomed to preforming the action with a mouse.The combat is overall simple, using predetermined combos that are unlocked as the game progresses. Some of the battles seem to be drawn out, lasting longer than needed and requiring you to save up ""Focus"" to use the same special moves in order to progress in battle. This causes many of the bigger battles to be a little grind intensive. Also, many of the boss battles end with quick-time events so be ready for anything. The actions are predetermined, but don't give you a particularly long time to preform them.There are also a couple riddles thrown in there as well, adding to the variety of the game. You spend a decent amount of time swinging from building to building, ledge to ledge, which also helps break up the monotony of battle.TL;DR-Great Story, Unique Idea-Badass female lead, wicked good voice actress w/ accent-""Remix"" memories, watch out for funny mouse antics-Easy to grasp battle system, monotonous battles sometimes-Riddles and Scaling walls/Hopping fences9/10, so worth."
76561198169968582,Recommended,228300,22292922,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Hello Joe,"9/10I was not expecting Remember Me to be as good as it was.- Amazingly detailed cyberpunk world. Best I've ever seen in a 3rd person action/adventure game.- beautiful graphics- great story- A well thought-out lead female protagonist- good combat similar to the batman arkham games with a little customization thrown in- good amount of platforming- The soundtrack, my god, the soundtrack is phenomenal. One of the best I've ever heard in a video game.- Game run smooth as hell.If i had to name one complaint it would be that some of the villains were ""meh"", but it didn't deter me from enjoying everything else.it boggles my mind that a game of this quality and originality can get mediocre reviews upon release. yet companies like activision and ubisoft can pump out the same generic uninspired call of duty/ assassins creed games every year and those get 9/10's every time.You bet you're♥♥♥♥♥i recommend this game"
,Recommended,228300,28069288,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,니카,"I give this game 9/10. Beautiful design and good controls, also a big plus that they are focusing on story telling.Is it worth full price."
,Recommended,228300,29587918,Posted: 30 January,all,Great Grand Soap,"First let me just say I have over 20 hrs on this game on console and have beaten it twice already!This game unfortunately has gone extremely overlooked, and I can't seem to figure out why.It has a great art design, amazing soundtrack, and fun exciting gameplay. The story is interesting and makes you want to play more. I hope this game gets more attention in the future. 9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,228300,26365835,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jessicus,"Remember Me is a really good game for a couple of reasons. However, with every great game there are some drawbacks.I definitely enjoyed the gameplay, even though I haven't finished it, I can already tell it's a great game. I think it's pretty interesting to have some combos that do different things, but it can get quite old. This game reminds me of the hack and slash game, Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance.The story is really interesting, and I'm a total nerd for this kind of sci-fi, dystopian stuff. I really like the timeline, storlyine, and setting of this game. It has lots of potential to be great, and I think they hit the marks on this part of the game.I'd like to say that this game is pretty optimised for lower-end PCs, because even with my potato I can run this game fairly well.With all the immense good stuff about the game that you need to discover for yourself, there are some pretty bad things.The combo system is interesting, but really lacks uniqueness and is kind of repetitive.I feel like the character models could have been a bit better, but this is still really visually appealing.Thisgame feels like a cross between the AC series and MGR:R to me, and I really love it.I recommend this game to anyone who's really into either of these games, or this genre.Is this game worth the $30 price? Definitely not. I got mine when it was on sale for $5, so I'd recommend you wait for a sale to purchase this game for yourself.Is this game worth purchasing though? Totally."
,Recommended,228300,23906465,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,"Yes, this is Dave","What I'm about to say is going to sound extremely edgy, so here goes nothin':I liked the combat.Recommended, it's good. Get it on sale, enjoy Nilin, enjoy the soundtrack, enjoy Neo-Paris."
,Recommended,228300,23889408,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LIM1T,Great simple game with an interesting plot! I thoroughly enjoyed every second of it.
,Recommended,228300,20526276,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Augustus,"I have been wanting to play this game for a while now. Thanks to steam winter sale i have acquired it with a sale and gave it a go.Pros:Good StoryLikeable PratogonistGood futuristic environmentCons:Fighting in this game not my type so its my opinion, with game pad it goes like X X X Y Y X Y etc, you get new skills that gives Healing, Damage, Cool Down helper and Chain attributes. Gets boring after a while where you have to fight many mobsToo short, i liked it but kinda felt like it has ended a bit fastIt is a really interesting game to try. Story and main character Nilin are very likeable and enjoyable. Even though fighting gets repetitive or uninteresting, i am pretty sure you will enjoy a futuristic Paris with good characters."
76561198024337854,Recommended,228300,20246846,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,thesinisterprince,"As a case in point, Remember Me is a missed opportunity.It's an exceptionally rich and beautiful vision (Neo Paris' art design is truly gorgeous) marred by technical issues (crashing, randomly low resolution textures, scene transition stuttering and cutscenes you cannot skip being the most aggravating).It's an elegant, functional and fun to tweak combo system, hampered by mediocre platforming, limited in scope and repetitive in nature.  It's a seemingly sprawling world and lore begging to be explored and discovered, shut down by corridor game design and lifeless, mute inhabitants.It weaves a subtle thread, with interesting nuanced and well written characters, within very familiar, somewhat cliché sci-fi themes.  It's memory remix sequences with extraordinary potential, that turn out to be a little simplistic, few and far between and partially gimmicky.Bottom line: Remember Me is barely good whereas it could have been outstanding, and it's a damn shame.  I would still recommend it if you like the genre (sci-fi action adventure), but maybe not at full price."
,Recommended,228300,20258406,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Randomshadows,"DONTNOD did a fantastic job on this game. The concept is great, and I love the multifaceted game mechanics. The combat is sometimes frustrating, but I found myself actually enjoying attempting to hit combos by the end.The story is engaging and reflective of the human condition, and I enjoyed the game from start to finish. I wish however, that it had been more open-world, and that they had expanded a little more. The more open world vibe of 2013 Tomb Raider would have suited this game so well. Only complaint is that I wanted more. I was engrossed in the world.That being said, excellent music, voice acting, graphics and a wide array of enemies to keep you on your toes. DEFINITELY worth picking up."
,Recommended,228300,19371333,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Splorgman Florgman,"TWO THUMBS UP, ROGER EBERT"
,Recommended,228300,19360350,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nickarino,"Great game, stunning visuals and decent story.However the controls and the camera a absolutly horrid at times.Do not by game at full priceyou wont be happy that you spent 20 odd quid on this.Pros:Great VisualsDecent StoryNillan's ButtCons:Poor CameraUnresponsive ControlsRepetative DialogGet this game during a sale - It is worth playing."
,Recommended,228300,18809620,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kona,"Great soundtrack and atmosphere. Gameplay is alright but nothing too different from standard beat em up, and the story is interesting but I felt there could have been more? Not sure one that anyway recommend it (though maybe on sale, since I'm cheap)."
,Recommended,228300,12087807,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Minty,Only 3 episodes into the game so far but would fully recommend this game. Looks AWESOME in Nivida 3D Vision and the story is easy to follow. Lots of fighting like a good beat-em-up with a tomb raider type open map between fights.
76561198103971170,Not Recommended,228300,21069671,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ddd985,"if you want to play PUZZLE game, this game is masterpiece.BUT IF YOU WANT TO PLAY ACTION GAME, YOU MUST NOT PLAY THIS FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.This game LOOKS like action game, but what you have to do most of the time is solving puzzle, not fighting enemies."
,Recommended,228300,15591370,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Remember Me is extraordinarily special.  Gameplay and method of presentation mirror Assassin's Creed closely, but functions far better and more uniquely compared to most games out today.  A wonderfully-realized version of future Paris, original characters, a beautifully-orchestrated musical score, a tale that begs you to think of things intellectually.This game is as much a challenege to one's thinking as it is to one's dexterity.  Absolutely one massive thumb up for recommendation."
,Recommended,228300,8602355,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Shatter,"I think the critics were a bit harsh on the game.  It's not terrible.  The fighting isn't difficult, neither is teh game play.  Sorting out the Remixs is interesting.  Decent balance.  Not too short, but didn't drag on for the sake of dragging on.  Worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,228300,23944665,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ehxon,"meh its ok, but it gets too repitive as you go through it, mashing the same button combinations over and over againon a positive note, the story is decent and the controls are good, game runs good, barely a positive but a positive"
,Recommended,228300,11371379,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,nola667,"Remember Me could easily be one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. The graphics, art, story and gameplay are so detailed they really bring you into the game. Simply amazing.Actual combat was a bit tricky at first and at times very frustrating. Once I did get the hang of things combat was actually quite simple. It was just a matter of remembering the combos that I had set up and utilizing the special abilites.If you are considering purchasing this game I highly recommend Remember Me.Updating this review for the Steam Awards nominations. I nomintated this game for the category ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award""For me Remember Me was so emotionally compelling where often I wasn't crying but Ihad something in my eye."
,Recommended,228300,31608462,Posted: 7 May,all,Luda,"Combat isn't mind blowing, but fun and interesting enough to keep you going. The story is amazing, cutscenes are well articulated and meaningful. There are some very unique gameplay elements in the game related to remixing memories that are very awesome. I've never played something with a similar mechanic, it's phenomonal. The only negative of the game is that much of the point A to point B travel time seems to be spent on ledges, but not in a fun Prince of Persia way. It just seems repetitive and arduous at times. Overall, I still enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,228300,7299356,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Abdode,This time you will remember me...
,Recommended,228300,16188883,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tastelezz,"I played the game two times from the start to the end and have unlocked all achievements. At the end I will recommend this game but it has some major flaws. Here are my pros and cons about this game:PROS:- marvelous scenes and overall graphics (reminds me of Bladerunner)- fresh uncommon and well told story- nice mini-games (rewriting the past)- perfectly playable with mouse and keyboard- good but not outstanding fighting mechanics- overall a piece of artCONS:- totally linear and feels like being imprisoned- to many gameplay interruptions when telling the story- camera take-over by the game is very annoying- not very challenging even at the hardest mode- no replay value at allIf you won't like to miss the uniqueness and art this game has to offer and are willingly to pay for a one time trip, you should definitively buy and play this game. It is comparable with Spec Ops: the line, which is great in its own way, but kind of confining, if you are used to walk around and explore the scene."
,Recommended,228300,26916000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nilin,İt gets a little repetitive but the good thing is you can change the combos so thats a plus . The games plot is worth playing ending might touch your feelings so give it a shot
76561198047187518,Recommended,228300,26900262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rikaru Aniki,A really solid game despite its ambiguity. I had a lot of fun with this game besides the poor controlls.
76561198007535633,Recommended,228300,23853680,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chavez,"It's a fun trip. Get it on sale, it's not extremely long, and there's not much replay value."
76561198304326350,Recommended,228300,23852611,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sbvoyce,"Fantastic game, nice original story and concept with good art to back it up. Very cool style and fun game play with an interesting and enjoyable combat system. Really enjoy it."
,Recommended,228300,23845797,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Igor~*,"A really good game! Why haven't I been told about it sooner?I enjoyed its story, visuals and mechanics, also got it on sale :)"
,Recommended,228300,23844211,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JakeOmega,"Good story, good setting, bad combat system. I honestly got a trainer just to skip over the combat, to see the end. That said, I also didn't like the Arkham series combat, so it might not be that bad. But if your willing to put up with annoying combat, like the combat style, or are willing to get a trainer, Remember Me is good fun."
,Recommended,228300,23846719,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Kidd,"Remember Me is an entertaining game with an interesting concept that was unfortunately not executed to it's fullest potential. Players take control of Nilin, a memory hunter with the ability to ""remix"" people's memories. She herself has had her memories erased, and is working with a mysterious man named Edge and the ""Errorist"" cause to take down Memorize, the company that has commercialized memories and is slowly corrupting the population.Playing as a character who's memories have been wiped puts the player in an interesting place where they know as much as the character knows. This concept is good for story development, however it also tends to be the game's own undoing. The game does a poor job of making the player ask questions about who and what Nilin is, so when the game makes reveals about the story they feel almost unimportant and unneccesary.The concept of remixing memories is interesting, however if felt almost tacked onto the game in most scenarios. I would have liked to see more applications for this concept, but unfortunately it only comes about four or five times in the game's rather short 8 to 9 hour campaign.The game's combat and other mechanics are fun, but they seem familiar save for the concept of building your own combos. However, I didn't find myself using that concept as much as I think the player was intended to use them; typically i only needed two or three of the five available combos to get through combat instances. These instances were very fast-paced, however, and were fun to play through, if they were just a tad on the easy side.Remember Me's soundtrack was probably one of my favorite parts of the game, and really served as one of the best atmospheric elements of this game.All in all, Remember Me is definitely a fun game that can be played in a weekend. It's not one that you'll be missing out on if you skip it, but it's definitely worth picking up if you see it on sale."
76561198084129505,Recommended,228300,23842424,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BIGMEANCHIEF,"Setting/VisualsThe game had me at cyberpunk. I am a huge fan of the genre and an even bigger fan of fully-realized world building (Fallout 3, Deus Ex etc.). So imagine my surprise when I hear of a new setting, a Neo-Paris, to explore. Each character feels unique no matter their screen time and Nilin has some cornball dialogue but overall feels like a solid character and is torn between being a rebellious memory hunter and the conflict in the story (""This red-riding-hood has a basket full of kickass!"" per example of bad writing).The textures and visuals are beautiful and the neon is well-balanced with the trashy dim lighting for a cyberpunk vision. Seriously, when you first start each level take a minute to just swing the camera around and view everything. It's all designed with love and the little touches make everything truly come alive. Consider the mass produced Valet androids that are running around holding grocery bags, walking dogs, playing piano. It's amazing and I will definitely ""remember"" that ;)GameplayIt's an old school beat-em-up with some HD visual packaging. Your only incentive to unlock and experiment with new combos in the branching combo system is achievements and dispatching enemies quicker but once you find 2-3 combos that work you won't deviate from them; it's just too taxing to keep opening the menu to try new things. There are a decent amount of enemy types and some engagements are multiple types at a time which keeps things fresh. Platforming is light and engaging but tends to drag on. However, it only seems that way in hindsight perhaps because the environment and atmospheric splendor is so engaging.Gotta split this up to take an average because the visuals and world building left such an impact on meSetting/Visuals9/10Gameplay6/10Overall7.5/10  Would play again"
,Recommended,228300,31909206,Posted: 22 May,all,Lumina,"But...It's not that it's a bad game, but it's undeniably repetitive. You'll find yourself going over and over parkour > running > fighting minions > parkour > mini-boss > parkour > minions > running > parkour > boss, every time, every episode. The commands are also inaccurate and the camera is often a pain in the...On the bright side, Blade Runner meets a linear Batman: Arkham Asylum. The fighting mechanics are very much alike - although simpler. There are some plot twists - DONTNOD style, similar to Life is Strange -, yet I couldn't get attached to the game. It felt like the story wasn't well developed, that much more could've come out of it.I recommend it for the sake of DONTNOD and the dystopian environment, but don't expect a masterpiece. And don't pay full price on it; wait for a discount. I'd pay $5 tops."
76561198118948859,Recommended,228300,19124273,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Patersonski,"This game takes some heat for the combat mechanics and it does feel a bit like a button masher initially. However, three things happen as you get further into the game that in my view turns things around:- You figure out how the combos actually work and realize there's more to it.- You get access to more special attacks (pressens) that are well designed and interesting.- The story starts to suck you in in the the last half of the game, so it's no longer just about the combat.Pick it up on sale and you'll likely be glad you gave it a chance (Nilin in tight denim not bad either)."
76561198142503230,Recommended,228300,19118863,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Calyx.101101,Love Every Minute of this game
,Recommended,228300,12099071,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,zeeKo8_^,"fix the QTE's issues ! make it accessible, i dont wanna plug a controller in -_-"
,Recommended,228300,655608,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,scorp29,"Really good game, amazing story, totally worth it!I would like to compare it to another game, but from memory, I can't find something similar too this little jewel <3"
76561198066996147,Recommended,228300,6468686,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Freebo,"Une histoire prenante,une héroïne charismatique,les passages ou l'on modifie un souvenir,et j'en passe,ce jeu c'est trop dl'a balle !Et en plus,c'est un jeu de chez nous,cocorico !"
,Recommended,228300,23127846,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tim McIlrath,"Remember Me is a fantastic game, to say the least. DONTNOD never ceases to amaze me, not even when I buy games that are a bit older already.So first off, this game is something I had been curious about for a long time. Simply because people told me that it's like one of my all-time favorite games, Mirror's Edge. And as I finally bought it during a sale, I was more than hyped about it. Only to find out that it's a lot less like Mirror's Edge than I thought.But was that a bad thing? Hell, not at all!I wouldn't want this game to be the slightest bit more like Mirror's Edge, because it's amazing in its very own way. But let me explain to you why I say so:First off, the setup is really cool. It's not something rare, but the way it's done is pretty great. It's a futuristic thing, but not too surreal. It's modern but not Sci-Fi. Neo-Paris looks like a possible future world, with its nice and not-so-nice sides. The architecture is a blast, and at some points, it's even a part of the story. The graphics are definitely not bad and I am not someone who'd choose crisp graphics over a nice feeling to the game.Then, there's the gameplay. The whole thing plays smooth on my gamepad, but I could also deal with the keyboard layout. It's a bit tricky using only a 4-way WASD control method, but I could adapt to it. Just overall the gamepad is probably nicer to use for most of you. There are 5 main elements of gameplay.1. The movement is pretty much like Mirror's Edge in Third-Person. You have a good overview of your surroundings and you basically run and climb like in Mirror's Edge, Tomb Raider or whatever you could imagine. there is no running function though.2. The combat system is something that really caught my attention. Throughout the story you unlock different combos, which you can customize with different single moves, called ""impressons"". These combine to different combinations of movement and actually affect the way a combo works. So if you choose impressons of different types, the combo might have other effects on Nilin, the main character. You have impressons that deal extra damage, some that heal you, some that decrease the cooldown times for special attacks or effects and some that simply multiply the effect of the previous impresson. There is also a thing that lets you shoot something like electronic impulses, which are used in combat and for for several interactions. I won't say too much about this, because you should really look into this on your own. Trust me, it's worth to invest some time into this. There are also quite a few different types of enemies, which all require different combat methods, as some are invulnerable to specific attacks.3. Hmm, what should I say about the story? If you are emotional and maybe easily emotionally affected, you might fall in love with the story of this game. It has some heavy twists and you realize while playing that a lot of love went into the script of it. I am one of those people who were completely done after playing Life is Strange (DONTNOD's best game in my opinion), and I was so close to crying while playing Remember Me... It's what makes this game stand out so much. But yeah, I won't spoil anything for you now. Just buy it and make this experience.4. The gameplay in general is very dynamic. The game is easy to handle and even beginners should find their way into it quite quickly. The gamepad controls are really easy to use and once you get the hang of it, the keyboard will also do just fine. I never experienced problems with the standard key map.5. The music input of this game is greatly-chosen and absolutely fits the story. The mood in every episode of the game is underlined by matching music and it gives the whole thing another lovely touch. Also the general ambient sounds and the voices are nice, but the synchronizations of the latter aren't that well-done. At least for the German version. I quickly switched to English and turned off the subtitles and it was absolutely nice.Remember Me offers 3 difficulties. One for beginners, who haven't played games like this before, one for casual players, who are familiar with third-person action/adventure games and one for those, who regularly play that kind of games. I finished the game on the casual difficulty, but I tried out all and even the hard one didn't seem impossible, though it was a tough challenge after the second episode.Putting all of this together, I'd rate the game 9 or even 9.5 out of 10. The bad German synchronization and rarely-occurring fps drops kind of pull it down a tiny little bit. But I was totally amazed by the story and the visual part, and the gameplay wasn't bad at all, either.I recommend this game to anyone who's into a touching story and has quite a few hours of free time on his hands.Hope this review was helpful and you can enjoy playing Remember Me! Cheers :)"
76561198095046250,Recommended,228300,14803772,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sashae Away,"It's not often I get choked up by a game, but this one nailed it.  Absolutely beautiful story, beautiful setting and some interesting mechanics.   As the game starts, Nillin is completely amnesiac, so you know just as much of what's going on as she does.  It's hard to write a really positive review about this game when its strongest point is the story, so I'll move on to some of the other aspects of it.Aside from the story, one of Remember Me's best points is the combat.  It's a free-flow, combo-based system reminiscent of the Arkham series, except that YOU choose the effect that the attacks have.  Extra damage, health regeneration, and a reduction in your special ability's recharge time (more on that in a minute) are the three choices you have, but in addition to that you can use a chain effect which mimics and magnifies the effect of your previous hit in the combo.  These can be changed mid-combat via a menu in the pause screen, to suit your needs in a particular fight.Nillin gets a TON of character development, but most of the other characters you meet don't really get explored.  Early on you meet someone who is supposedly one of your closest friends, but he never appears again after Episode 3.  This is, understandably, Nillin's story, but the game could have done with a bit more character development.My only other big complaint is with the climbing.  When you're first introduced to the climbing mechanics, it feels like a tutorial, but the training wheels never really come off.  It has the look of Assassin's Creed-style parkour, but it feels very restrictive and not at all fluid, in several cases almost to the point of immersion-breaking.  I think that if DONTNOD had put some more time into the climbing mechanics, it could have been better than it is.All in all, weighing the bad with the good, I'd give this an 8.5/10.  The few issues I have with the gameplay aren't enough to really take away from the phenomenal story that this game has to offer, and I can honestly say that I was at the edge of my seat for a fair portion of it."
,Recommended,228300,14769252,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SimplyMonkey,"I got this game in a sale and it was worth every penny.  Even at full price this game is worth it compared to many AAA titles that are $60 plus.It has an engaging story with likeable characters that you grow to care about and the voice acting is spot on.  The atmosphere in the game is really well done.  The game is set in a futuristic Paris where people's memories are a hot commodity and an evil company misuses their power to create a gap between rich and poor.  Overall I liked the story and it last about 7 hours (my gameplay time is higher because I alt+tabbed for a while).This game would have benefited from being more open as the futuristic paris looked great, I just wish I could have explored it more.I've seen a lot of people complain about the fighting mechanics, I suspect this is because they couldn't get to grips with them because I really liked them.  You can devise your own combos adding in different elements to change what your attacks do.  You also get a select few ""special"" attacks which do different kinds of damage.  At the end of the story with them all unlocked you can really pull off some cool combos and techniques.Unfortunately the game has little replayability value given its very linear story, save for going back to collect things you missed.  Unless you're an achievement hunter though, I doubt you will do this.  There's not much to be gained.Pros:- Strong female lead- Well written and voice acted- Interesting and at times philosophical story- Intriguing combat and cool combos- Great atmosphere and good graphicsCons:- Quite short (7hrs, max)- Not much replayability"
76561197995771887,Not Recommended,228300,20330566,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Captain N,Any positive experience that might come from the story / environment / graphics is completely ruined by the combat system and boss fights. Avoid this piece until you love to torture yourself with tons of bitter frustration.
76561198085063336,Recommended,228300,31788994,Posted: 16 May,all,Horror,Great puzzles in this game! My fav is when you go inside people's minds and manipulate people's memories. I love the strategy and the way you have to remember your combos and special abilities. This is a great game for RPG lovers.
76561198053292247,Recommended,228300,16431989,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chow-Su,"my computer specs are terrible. (plays lara croft with extreme lag). when i played the first two episodes in this game, i was expected lags, but got none. it looks amazing and the camera angles for the game makes it cinematic. the gameplay is pretty simple, but the story and the motion of the game is capitivating."
,Recommended,228300,26235348,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,Background: Not many games let me tool around in Neo-Paris.Combat Mechanics: Remember Me combines a Combo system with a small selection of Special Abilities in the middle of a linear storyline. Combat happens 99% on a flat plane with a few aerial enemies that you have to deal with with a single ability you receive early on in the story.  Personally combat began to bore me as the Combo system slows down combat so enemies are constantly changing speeds just due to how the system works.Memory Mechanics: Normally Social Mechanics but the only real social interaction you have beyond your contact named Edge via commlink is memory rewriting to change people's memories. These interactions are mostly Linear but has some variance but still creates the same solution overall.Random Fanboy Note: The voice of the main character is the same actor that voices Tracer in Overwatch.Final Thoughts: This game is one of those cool nerdy gems that you find in the store nowadays for $10. Although the story is cliche and made me almost quit half way though it is an emotional thrill ride that wants you to keep playing. I just hope you do.
76561198006640506,Recommended,228300,30457052,Posted: 11 March,all,Zentak,"This is a really good cyberpunk game (and there are not too much of them) but somehow I got the feeling that with more love from the editor and more polish this game would have reached its full potential which is a 10/10. As it is now I would rate it 8/10.The good:- a well written story in the line of the best cyberpunk litterature you can find: things looks simple at first with the Big Evil corporation that is enslaving the world, but things get quickly more subtle and deeper.- the universe is well thought and beautifully designed: there are some cut scenes à-la Blade Runner which are really breathtaking. There are lots of small details, references and puns that gives credibility to the story.- the voice acting and the music.- the Memory remix is a great idea and fun to play. I wish there was more of it.- the powers you acquire through your initiatic journey are really cool: conceptually and visually.The so-so:- I really liked the platformer part since I enjoyed games like Prince or Persia, but highlighting the path takes away all the challenge. There should have been an option to remove the hints.- the combo lab is really a great idea, unfortunately it's one of those ideas that didn't reached its full potential. I ended up spamming the same combo of 5 moves because it just works. I would have expected the choices to be more tactical.The bad:- the combat system is quickly boring and even annoying at times. The options are too limited: dodge or attack. Nilin can't pary or counter attack. So the fights are very repetitive and consists of dodging until you can land a combo without being interrupted, or start dodging again if you are about to be hit during a combo.- it's too short and linear. First playthrough on Errorist level took me only 12 hours, even when trying to find collectibles.  There are too many questions left unanswered that would have deserved side quests to extend the game time."
,Recommended,228300,10295463,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"very linear game, can't even step in another direction. game controls are odd,  had a problem remembering combinations.  camera angles are very annoying. but i give it a thumb up for beautiful city and somewhat interesting ideas, memory remix is fun.i spent probably 30-40min on 1st memory remix, kb+m controls almost impossible, xbox controller a bit better but still not very obvious."
,Recommended,228300,29374264,Posted: 20 January,all,David0vić,"I think this is a cool game that’s maybe a little underrated. I enjoyed the gameplay quite a bit, I liked the combat I thought it was nice and flashy and flowed nicely and I also enjoyed the fun but simplistic and easy platforming. I think this game has an interesting concept and setting and a decent story overall. I also liked the soundtrack quite a bit too. I wasn’t a big fan of the actual storytelling, most of the objectives and missions in the game were not very interesting and they didn’t really add to the story or make the story anything more than a decent one when it could have been much better. The missions themselves just felt like small steps to achieve a larger goal and it didn’t really have any impact and sadly that’s what you end up doing for the majority of the game. I thought the characters were pretty average, I wasn’t really emotionally invested with the protagonist but I was mildly curious on how her story will pan out. The game is very linear in design which I didn’t mind at all because I think they use it to their advantage to make the gameplay focused. It could have been great but for what it is and for what it does well it is a very good game.7/10 (Good)"
,Not Recommended,228300,21170252,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"I'll do this in bulletpoints and delve into details with each.The GoodInteresting scenario.Its 2084 in Neo-Paris and the technological giant Memorize (seemingly) controls all facets of society through its massive influence gained by pioneering memory-related technologies.Creative design choices in art and stylistic direction.Since this is the future everything is holograms, and since everyone has a chip in their mind then gameplay prompts and messages can be incorporated into the game through holograms in an unobtrusive manner that makes sense. It's really unique and keeps the UI as minimalistic as possible There's also a ton of graffiti in the city that looks cool.Original game mechanics in the mind sequences whereby you alter past memories by changing things in the environment to lead to a different conclusion.You'll see a cutscene play out, then prompted with a task which is carried out by rewinding and fast forwarding the scene and changing various little things in it that lead to a different conclusion. So you might close a cup holder or move a table slightly; these small changes lead to a logical change in outcome that is always interesting to see. Sadly, there's only 4 of these sequences, but what's there is still good.The BadInteresting scenario that is barely touched.Just as with Mirror's Edge, the game has this interesting scenario that feels as if it hasn't been fully taken advantage of.You have a future world where memories have been digitized and there is apparently vast disparity between rich and poor, but the game is about you helping a resistance movement wreak havoc on the city. It's difficult to really understand what exactly has led to societal disparity to such extremes since it's never fully delved intoAll we know is that these rich people have it well off and this other area looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The megacorporation Memorize, which has pioneered digitized memories, is a multinational monolith that is propped up as evil, but what exactly is so evil about societal progress isn't explained. It's as if the idea of the overworld exists, but why it exists as it does and the problems underlying it are never delved into. You're just supposed to look at the sh*t areas and think, ''wow, Memorize sucks, it's somehow their fault cause rich people amirite feel the bern''. Even one of the civilians during the chaos asks why you did this to them from their windows, and....nothing comes of it. I'm standing there thinking, ''yeah, why are you doing this again?''. Sh*t even the protagonists asks herself this but doesn't persue the train of thought. Ultimately its a personal story about the protagonist recovering her memories, and it seems like the idea behind the rebellion is just a plot device rather than having any significance.Linearity without challenge.There's nothing wrong with a linear game, but there IS an issue if the linearity makes the game too easy. My problem with this game isn't that you're essentially going down a winding corridor, it's that there's no challenge while you're doing so. Since you just have to press A to do all actions, and since you're following a small prompt that tells you what ledges to get on and off of (and since they're the ONLY ledges you can get on anyway), all you're doing for the majority of the game is pressing A in the right direction. Sure, it looks nice as the scenery unfolds and the camera changes angles, but halfway towards the game that was no longer enough to keep me entertained. You can have linear platforming (Megaman, Sonic) without being overwhelmingly easy. The game might as well play itself.And now for the in-between:The Fight system. It's pretty much the Arkham battle system: you press a button (X or Y) to keep a combo going and have to dodge enemy attacks in the middle of combos. Where it sets itself apart is in three ways:-There are four pre-set combos. XXY, XYYXYY, YXYXY, and one other that I never used.-Customization comes in using keys (unlocked by gaining experience) to unlock one of 4 types of nodes. There's power nodes (increased damage), chain nodes (increases damage of all previous nodes), health nodes (health restored), and time nodes (lowers cooldowns of special moves). In order to use a combo, it has to have a node in it. So you can't just press XXY, X needs to be a node, as does the other X and Y. So combos can have different effects depending on the nodes used.-There are 5 special moves unlocked as the game progresses that have cooldowns once used. Some are instrumental to fighting particular types of enemies.It's pretty interesting, but the lack of complexity shows itself midway through the game as you'll most likely settle on one combo for pure damage, one for health restoration, and one to decrease cooldowns. There's variety in enemies that keeps the fights somewhat interesting and requires slight alterations in fights, but it's nothing that can hide the simplicity in the mechanics themselves. In the end, you'll be pressing the same combo in fights and switching to health restoration when necessary.Overall I'd say the game is....alright. The scenario could've had something grander in it, but it settles on being a personal message about the protagonist's own life that I didn't care for. It's difficult for me to fully appreciate a twist when the other character involved in the twist was just introduced and only talked about 5 minutes prior. Shrug.This isn't a downvote cause the game is bad; it isn't. It's just overall underwhelming and really nothing special. Its mind sequences are pretty interesting but there are only 4 of them, and the platforming is following a prompt telling you what ledge to jump on and pressing A with a few fights in-between. It's not bad, it's just not worth it and slightly disappointing. Was fun halfway through, until I stopped caring as much and just wanted to get to the end."
,Recommended,228300,25361690,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,RepuTAYtion (rockworm),I just finished this game.  Steam has me clocked in at 11 hours.  11 hours of pure awesome if you ask me.  I went in not knowing what to expect.  And loved every minute of it.First off I'll talk about the combat since thats one of the things people have a hard time enjoying about the game.  At first glance it looks like an Arkham game with the freeflow.  This is a mistake.  Its nothing like it at all.  Take everything Batman taught you about fighting and forget all about it.  This is far too different to even have that comparison.  Once you remove that the combat becomes more enjoyable.  Not to say its great.  The combat was the weakest part of the game but it was still fun IMO.There is climbing that is pretty much completely ripped from Uncharted.  Which is fine.  Why fix what ain't broke?Memory remixing.  The most unique gameplay element about this game is sadly lacking.  In a short game like this I can understand having only a handful but they give you just enough to make you want more.  Its lacking in depth.  Just find the glitches in the memory and activate them and find the right ones to change the memory.  And the game wastes no time telling you exactly what the memory should be changed to kinda removing the mystery.Finally the story.  This is where the game truly shines.  Its one of the most compelling stories in a game I've experienced in a while.  The premise is kinda scary.  Memories can be tampered with even stolen and the results are not good.  Hey a video game protaganist with amnesia and there's a very good reason for it for once lol.  With a few good plot twists it was a real treat going through this story.What makes me love the game so much is the little details.  Early in the game there are camera shots establishing a nice view of the city.  Finding the little bits of info on the world and history was also a treat.  And Nillin is another great female character.Dontnod built a really cool world here and even if a sequel is very unlikely I am happy to have visited it.
,Recommended,228300,19124725,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Philly Wonken,"The art desing in Remember Me is so gorgeous, it just might kill you.I'm serious, that's how my dad died. He looked at St-Michel, with its jaw droppingly beautiful classic parisian architecture being merged with the thematically disparate aestetics of the game's futuristic setting so perfectly that the two styles essentially came togheter to form one miraculous masterpiece of artistic design, and it brought him to tears. In the end, he cried so much, he ended up dying of dehydration.You have been warned."
76561197974621773,Recommended,228300,29706832,Posted: 4 February,all,bld - f*ckerpuller,"Great atmosphere, good voice acting and enjoyable storyline. Well designed maps, clever use of graphics and sound effects.The gameplay is somewhat linear, but it is souped up withe uniqe techniqes and new ideas.I bought the game on sale, was totally worth it."
,Recommended,228300,11869894,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Frax,"Loved it! And never had a single issue with this game.I find it a masterpiece!Nice graphics, good combat system, GREAT story, challenging gameplay... it's not complicated so you don't have to spend a lot of time learning and mastering it, and the story is capturing. This game is for casual gamers and the gamers who love a great story and don't care much about a revolutionary gameplay system (although I don't see anything bad with the gameplay).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228300,29409873,Posted: 21 January,all,Marcone Antelius,"The button-mashing gameplay is what takes its toll on patience but thankfully its not the primary focus. Its not necessarily the action that makes it a great game but the personality that radiates from it. From the environments and the music, to the story and the characters, even the background lore that is uncovered by finding clues throughout the areas all come together to make a fantastic and engrossing game.The weakest aspect IS the fighting: the combo system gets tired by the third chapter and sadly it never adds anything new besides punches and kicks. No weapons, just fist and feet. As you fill up the combo bar, shown on the bottom of the screen, each hit can replenish health, add damage, and reduce the time between Sensen abilities; player-activated special moves that induce major damage for a short time. The story advances in leaps and bounds during the memory manipulation puzzles. These parts are a way to slow the game down from all the ledge-hanging and button-mashing and its impossible to really fail these moments.The graphics are fantastic and Neo-Paris *feels* alive and real. From the first moment you see the skyscrapers rising through an alleyway you get a sense that most of the care was put towards the details. Even the latter chapters that take place inside the technology-laden government buildings have been crafted and no one place feels repeated The music is both orchestral and techno blended together which elevates during fights and gives depth to the surroundings even when just standing around. The voiceacting is superb and never sounds phoned in. There aren't many ambient sounds, though, since most of the effort was put towards the music.Nilin is a great character and never comes off as two-dimensional: she's haunted by her forgotten past and plagued by the actions of the present. The secondary character's personalities feel alive but there are only a few of them. The rest of the world is populated by enemies of varying difficulty and its sometimes a chore to have to stop and beat up a few of them only to traverse to the next area to do the same. Boss battles don't really vary it up either with predictable patterns and repetitive dialogue but thankfully only occur at the ends of chapters.Its main focus is on telling the story and it succeeds in doing so. It only falters with the fighting. If you hate games that show and not tell then its simply not for you. As far as value goes, you probably won't find all the lore and collectibles in the first playthrough but its definitely worth it to try a harder difficulty level next time."
76561198089686492,Recommended,228300,16609181,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ponly5,"A great game. the graphics are pretty nice though the people look kinda plastic, and the lipsynching sucks. but i was always more of a story person than anything else, and trust me if you want a game with good gameplay and a good story, this is a must play. granted there are a few problems with it, but mainly just nitpicks. overall the game is alot of fun. the extras are kinda pointless, but for 30 bucks the story alone is pretty worth it, not to mention the soundtrack is amazing as well. i definatly recomend it to everyone who loves gaming for story as well as gameplay."
76561198063617600,Recommended,228300,16684782,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bleak,"Remember Me is a game with a high grade of immersion, interesting storyline and the character, level and everything else is very nicely animated.I would love if you could alter some more memories. Something like more random persons on the street have memories to alter and you can bring them to do something helpful for you, but only as an alternative way.Fazit: I would buy it again and i will play it again. I would recommend it to people who like stuff like cyberpunk."
,Recommended,228300,15983896,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Snippy,"Pros- Great storyline and world building. There is honestly a lot of thought that went into making this world, it feels really massive, despite being a linear game.- None of the characters felt underdeveloped- Combat system is decent, I don't know what everyone's complaining about. It's not as great as other games, but it's like a slightly more combo based version of Arkham, I suppose.- The art is great. Not the graphics, the actual art style and world created. The game feels linear, but still feels as if it's massiveCons- Feels a bit empty - besides coming across some people early on, the only people you get to see are either those relevant to the plot, random robots continuously doing tasks or those whose faces you'll be punching in.- The camera can bug out sometimes, and hoooly♥♥♥♥♥♥is it annoying. Doesn't matter what it is, if you're in battle and you just took damage because the camera ♥♥♥♥ed up, or if there's a view and you can't see it because the camera is fixed for some reason. It's all pretty much annoying. This is the major gripe I had with this game, if this got fixed, then I genuinely think most of my frustration with this game would be fixed with it."
,Recommended,228300,34372127,Posted: 20 August,all,Singustromo,A fantastic game with a great story and a great soundtrack made by a great studio (They also made Life is Strange).I recommend this game to everyone who enjoys a well made storyline and a good atmosphere.It's definitely worth a buy especially when it's on sale!There should be more games with a good storyline like this on the market.It's a real shame that they haven't released a sequel yet.. Shame on you CapCom! :)
76561198141411541,Recommended,228300,24843626,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,komoki_emrys,"It's the year 2084. Memories can be erased, shared, and altered. You play as a person whose memories have been erased. With Parkour, Street Fighter type fighting sequences, and stealth action, this is a must have. Pre warning though: This game plays much better with a controller so if you don't have a controller maybe give this one a pass."
76561198182173418,Recommended,228300,25013970,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Double,i would highly recommend it if its on sale .. its fun to play because the story is very good and the graphics also ... but i dont think its worth 30$ i got it on sale like 6$ and its really awesome for that price :) and there is alot of voice and video buggs i have to restart it like every 30 min to go back to normal ... i hope they fix it otherwise its a great game you should give a try
,Recommended,228300,34390293,Posted: 21 August,all,darknight,"WOW, what a game, bought this on the sale, but if i had known it was this good i would have bought much earlier.graphics are really good with a gritty cyber/future feel a bit like a cross between neo tokyo/paris.combat isnt that difficult until you need to string certain moves together, the story progresses in a good way and makes you think if youre doing the right thing (havent finished the game yet)all in all love the way the game feels, hope at some point there will be a second one"
,Recommended,228300,9692825,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Asiris,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game. It got a lot of bad and average reviews and I didn't bother to buy this game until it was on sale. Even than I was hesitant whether to buy the game or not. Luckily I did, because it's a beautiful game in a unique universe and with a solid storyline.I didn't expect much from the game and it over-delivered. Enjoyed every minute of the game. While it's not the greatest game of all time it definitely deserves attention from people who enjoy action adventure genre with fighting as main combat mechanic.Money well spent!"
76561198046781319,Recommended,228300,13377263,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AnzyVee,"REALLY enjoyed this game, good RPG style and fun fighting set up, rather short for a game of it's genre but is very good :)"
76561198006507317,Not Recommended,228300,34556418,Posted: 28 August,all,Rad,"Being a fan of the Cyberpunk genre I was looking forward to exploring a new gritty futuristic city with all the hi-tech and low life the genre usually comes with, and while I do enjoy the rendition of this futuristic Paris it's pretty much the only thing I enjoy from the game. The game is more ""techno-magic"" than traditional cyberpunk. Instead of implants and gadgets it's all about colorful lights that do the craziest things, from whiping memories to manifest physcial bolts that can hurt and manipulate physical objects. Some of your kicks can also heal you. Yep, you're a 21st century magician, which for me hurt immersion a lot.Looking past that I tried to get myself into the actual gameplay. I quickly noticed on big issue, the camera. It's a mess. To zoomed in on the character and slow and laggy while you're actually allowed to use it yourself. The game takes control of it way to often and the angles presented aren't always the best, forcing you to sometimes fight out of view. During in-game cutscenes it often shakes, not much but enough to be noticable and very annoying, even nauseating at times.The game is quite linnear with very little to do and with the help of invisible walls everywhere there's no real exploration. There's very little logic in pathing pathing as you can sometimes jump serveral meters across rooftops but seconds later cannot jump over a chair. It forces you to take a predefined path, which luckliy is clearly marked, otherwise I'd be lost because of how confusing it is sometimes. Bossfights are also prescripted and uneccesary long. The game doesn't want you to think ... at all. I even find the story, which many others enjoy, dull. Maybe it's the ""techno-magic"".Graphics are quite nice on the highest setting. Nothing spectacular but I'm not picky, and the performance is generally good. The prerendered movies are on the other hand blurry, low-res and film grain is overused. While the music is generally good, some tunes played at certain moments in the game feel oddly out of place. The game runs stable and I haven't had any crashes or really gamebreaking bugs.If you're really curious about the game, pick it up on a sale, run through it and forget about it. I do not see any replay value for this title."
,Recommended,228300,16680322,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GRRRR,"Take Uncharteds climbing sections, Batman Arkham Asylum brawling, pack em into Mirrors Edge aesthetics and you get a damn good game. If you dont know these games (pff) basically you climb alot and hit alot of dudes and mutants and robots and it all looks very pretty.Theres a twist in that theres on the surface just kick, punch and evade buttons but these are freely ""configurable"" (Godhand is that you in there too?). You unlock different ""blank"" combo strings by game progression which can be filled with attacks of different attributes like damage or healing (among others) unlocked by earned XP Points. For example the first string you get is three slots with three blank kicks - you could fill these with a damage kick, healing and another damage or all damage or all healing. Theres longer strings with varying kick and punch slots and other attributes and those are divided into kicks and punches as well but thats the basics of it. Gives quite abit of depth to what would otherwise be just buttonmashing.Its very linear but the environment and map design is quite varied so thats never that noticeable. Gamepad a must prolly.Since its prominently mentioned on the store page, the ""Memory Remix"" is fun sequences where you can mess around with stuff but theyre really a very minor part of the whole game.Great game, recommended"
76561198075867570,Not Recommended,228300,11886976,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,♡ Gemini Goddess ♡,"Remember Me is a game that has a really nice story, but is sadly plagued with poor combat gameplay that doesn't compliment it's storyline well.What I like:1)The story progresses well and concludes very nicely.2)The graphics are really nice and doesn't need an all powerful computer to get 60 fps (not constantly though).What I hated (about the gameplay):The beat-em-up combat gameplay the game tries to achieve is done poorly and half the time you might wish you didn't have to put up with it. In beat-em-up or hack-n-slash games, the game tends to try to make you feel good about destroying your enemies. However Remember Me fails to achieve that and can sometimes (if not most of the time) feel repetitive and uninspired to play .Boss fights in the game are tedious. Having long boss fights isn't bad but when it's hindered with the game's repetitive gameplay it's really annoying.The game also offers very limited combos. Sure, those 5 ""specials"" may make up for it, but when they're in cooldown mode you're going to be stuck spamming the X and Y buttons with 3 combos. I'm not even sure what the Combo Lab DLC added to the game :|*Not sure if it's my computer or not, but even though I can get 60 fps on the high settings, the fps drops every now and then. Optimization may not be too well with Radeon cards.Conclusion:I wish I could recommend this, but there was just too many times I wish I didn't had to play it for it's story. Does the story outweigh it's gameplay? I can't say for certain. The story developed nicely but as I've said over and over it's gameplay just feels too dull. The developers were probably trying to aim for something unique but sadly didn't get that part right (I even put the game on the easiest difficult to get it over with, and that's a rarity for me).If you want to get the game, you can get it on discount and see how you like it but if you have something else to spend your money on then go with your second option.Rating: 5.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,1626303,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Ogg,"One of the best art direction I've seen in a video game. When I say art direction, I include graphics, sound and writing.- graphics: Neo Paris is stunning. Backgrounds are full of details. Architectural styles merge in both an organic and a fantastic way. Character models are not the main appeal of the game, but they're at least original.- sound: Music always feel adequate, and enhance the experience. It seems more like sound design than melody : it reacts to what your character is doing, action has its own music. Besides, environmental sounds are well thought and full of details (ie. you hear flies buzzing around)- writing: The world is coherent and overall well thought despite the quite unoriginal evil megacorp. Characters are well documented, they have their own agenda and believable motivations. As for the story elements, well, they managed to avoid many clichés. The plot isn't needlessly ambitious and ties the fate of the main character to the overall plot. It ends up more as a personnal journey than anything else and somehow managed to move me at times.As for Gameplay, well, it sure could be better, but it has many merits. The game tries to be many things: an innovative beat'em up, a beautiful exploration game and a classical adventure one. Despite some new and original ideas, Remember Me never excel in any of this style of gameplay. But the whole is better than the sum of its parts. In conclusion, I'd recommend this game either to aesthetes looking for an original setting or to open-minded gamers looking for a fresh twist in a classical gameplay."
76561198092841738,Recommended,228300,16690962,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Daddy Wants To Talk,"What an amazing game . A good game play and a perfect scenario . Game has couple puzzles in it , dealing with them was such fun . After finishing the game , I felt bad , I didn't want it to have an end , but it does . Sorry .I really enjoyed the game , such a genius piece of work . 10/10 !"
,Not Recommended,228300,18149480,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The_Reaper95,This game was really great when I played it on PS3. Truly a game that simply needs a controller for me to enjoy it.This port doesn't have controller support though. That's a lie. I have tried it with countless controllers but it keeps recognizing two controllers at a time even though there is only one device that can be classed as a controller plugged in. Tried quite a few fixes from around the web but none have worked. I have also tried deleting and reinstalling and nothing works. Real shame.
76561198069575738,Recommended,228300,11322317,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SU]Nujuju299,"This game was full of action and a very rich story. The main character, ""Nilin"" in which you play is intelligent and acrobatic, making her sexy, strong, and elegant.There are some puzzles, and some parkour which is easier to get into than you may expect. Puzzles which are mind boggling yet simple when you get to the core of it.Overall, I really enjoyed this game, the mixture of cutscenes and game play with the overall story was excellent, the art and fluidity of the system wasn't entirely perfect, yet it is better than most other games. I really recommend this game to others."
76561198037227288,Recommended,228300,35352168,Posted: 30 September,all,qvoliszz,"Great story, nice visuals."
76561198039425988,Recommended,228300,35034070,Posted: 17 September,all,Deep Cove,"Rating 7.5/10I’ve been on an old school “console remake” binge lately, and after beating Enslaved Odyssey to the West, last week, I embarked upon Remember Me –a game that was recommended as similar.I already owned Remember me, and I paid $5 for it during one of the Steam summer sales.What I found was that this game is indeed similar (in some ways) to Enslaved, but the combat had its own spin, and there were some very cool mechanics in this game that I have never seen the likes of in any other game (Memory altering sequences).Overall the story was good in this game, and the futuristic setting was pretty awesome. There was some “cheesy” dialogue, and the controls were not as crisp as enslaved. Nor was the story as engaging.Pros:Price tag was greatFuturistic Paris setting was immersiveNew combat mechanic (different from other games)Interesting Memory sequencesBoss battles were interesting enough, felt just right as far as difficultyDodging was great in this gameCons:Climbing mechanics were not always responsiveGraphics were a little datedCamera was too close behind protagonistSometimes it was not intuitive where to go and sequences had to be repeatedLarge Combat Combos never came into play for meThey should have utilized the memory altering mechanics more oftenhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka1j039eIqw"
76561198113964187,Not Recommended,228300,35469291,Posted: 4 October,all,thelotanos,"That's the biggest waste of potential I've ever seen.CONS:1.The idea is freaking amazing: What would happen to a society that can control memory? Imagine, people could remember things that never happened, do horrible things because of false memories, become obedient soldiers, or maybe memory-addicts.Instead, this game is like ""Screw that, let's just make them all bad, mad people and get on with it!"". Nothing sophisticated, everything is blunt and obvious.2. The characters. Again - a huge potential for interesting characters (do I trust him because remember thing that didn't really happened? How can i know what's real?) that's gone to waste.I didn't feel connected to none of them. The good guys were simply good without reason, the bad guys evil without reason. When a character died or suffered, it was like ""Meh"".3. Paris. Again, that's a lovely idea - a game in futuristic Paris! The thing is, when non of the characters speaks French, or even in a French accent (Damn, Nillin has a BRITISH accent!), the names aren't French, nothing feel French - it's just New York with the Eiffel Tower and the prison is named La Bastille. That's about it.Also, you can't explore, and you are led like a moron in a very specific line and you can't go back. Pretty frustrating.4. Cut scenes. You can't skip them, and in some parts that you have to go over again and again until you make it, every time you fail and start over, INCLUDING THE GOD DAMN CUT SCENE!Overall, I did want to finish the game and expected a plot twist, but I was disappointed.But that doesn't mean this game has some good features, too:PROS:1. The memory remixes. This is the only part that reached the full potential I expected from DONTNOD - you need to find the delicate spots and you change a person - turn him to your side, make him kill himself, make him go mad. That's the best part of the game, but it happens only 4 times in the whole thing.2. The battle system. It has its obvious flaws (hard to aim at a specific enemy and you have to finish a combo fighting the exact same enemy) but the sensen mechanism is unique and interesting. You can build you own combos and pick your own fighting style - healing, damage, or special moves.3. Boss fights. Many boss fights weren't only about fighting, but also about thinking outside the box and finding actual weak spots. There were a lot of boss fights, so this made the game a little more special and not repetitive.The bottom line - it sure as hell isn't worth the 30$ price. Not even 10$.Maybe 5$ if you really don't have anything else to play. Hope that helped!"
,Recommended,228300,34468406,Posted: 24 August,all,Geralt,"The fighting system and graphic is very good, but I am personaly not so happy about the fight effects, it needed more details like blood and enemies members in the air, any way the story is ok and I bought this game of sale  paid like 6 EU, very happy about that."
76561198119979943,Recommended,228300,34476695,Posted: 25 August,all,animator404,"After finishing game I can definitely can say that people from Capcom making DMC (not including Ninja Theories) were definitely involved in developing this game too. It can be seen by some very similar game design approaches, ideas.So what about the game? Game is good, not perfect, not ideal, not game of the year but generally good.If you ask me what I would like to get next - DMC2 or Remember Me 2 - I would choose first one as DMC was a great serial reboot despite all those haters voting for Devil May Cry 5.Capcom, please, coop with Ninjas again and born DMC2. I am begging you."
,Recommended,228300,34471556,Posted: 24 August,all,Braescher,"This game adds an extra layer of punk to cyberpunk. The story, theme, soundtrack and visuals are amazing. But the gameplay is not. The combat is... ok, not bad, not really great. You shouldn't buy this game expecting a platinum level spectacle fighter. Platforming is pointless and the puzzles are not interesting or challenging at all. It could be a little less linear in general. This game at least tried. The memory remix part is awesome, those are the best ""puzzles"" in the game. You can definetly see how this game influenced Life is Strange with the time rewind mechanic and also in the art style of Dontnod. I can swear that Olga from this game looks just like Victoria from LiS. Buy this when it is on sale, and do not buy the DLC unless it is on a sale too, because it adds a few combat moves and nothing more. No one should pay US$4 for a few moves that should be in the base game."
76561198221726740,Recommended,228300,34506136,Posted: 26 August,all,ilya-korinec,"Both cyber and punk in eaqual measure, with all components blended perfectly like in exquisite French cuisine."
,Recommended,228300,34487646,Posted: 25 August,all,Drazzir,"Compelling story, unique combat, and a world you want to explore."
,Recommended,228300,13570702,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ronak00000,"Haven't played a ton yet, but from my playtime thus far all I can say is wow. This is an amazing game, with some truly unique gameplay. Great story too. I highly reccomend this to all gamers."
,Recommended,228300,17423102,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,YoGattoGatto,"Okay, so a friend requested that I actually put some thought into my review of this game, and I was like... alright?I am nearly done with it, going through to collect missed stuff...Look, I am not gonna waste your time beating around the bush, the controls and fighting system are so effing bad.  I really do not like the combat in this title, which is a shame, as that is a majority of your gameplay.The graphics are ...okayish, I am not big on who has the flashiest styles, so I don't care, but you might.  It is built on a dated engine, but it performed well.So with combat and graphics out of the way, let's talk about the camera...Rather, let us recall the days of camera locks and auto follows that kill you.  That is where we are at here, absolutely malfunctive camera, I died a lot due to falls caused by unwanted camera movement and it is also locked at times so that you cannot position it how you would want to see. Combined with the controls and you find death happening quite a lot if you don't watch out.Okay, so camera, controls, combat... all suck, graphics are okayish... WHY SHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME?Well, honestly... the voice acting is pretty bad too... but the story is good, cliche at times but there is a lot of interesting stuff to think about after playing, or while playing.I don't think this game was intended to be a blockbuster hit, but they did do a good enough job to interest me in their ideas and story.  The things they invisioned for the future of many technologies being worked on or existing today.  I think that their AR was an interesting way to show several of my friends what AR publishers want to do for us. (all that HUD type info)If you see it on sale for 5 dollars or so, I would say it is worth about that."
76561197996856723,Recommended,228300,31002144,Posted: 7 April,all,GAMERo,"Actually a decent game, was expecting something dissapointing but instead got something I truly enjoyed (story, fighting, characters, gameplay overall) Would give 8/10 For  game like this and from this genre. Definetly worth a few bucks and about 10-15hours of your time."
,Recommended,228300,27026642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Barrels,A very nice looking game with a good story.
,Recommended,228300,14704201,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FullMetalValkyr,"If you are looking for a game that is set in a well crafted cyberpunk world, this is the one for you. The game's setting and world are definitely its strong point. From the streets of Neo-Paris to leaper infest tunnels, I'm enjoying it all. Everything is carefully detailed. Vendors have holograms advertisements, news screens highlight story details throughout. Androids can be spotted here and there doing various jobs. The graphics are great and the rendering of lighting effects and textures really compliment everything. Alleys of neon glow over wet concrete, the clash of metals and fabrics on Nilin. The aesthetic reminds me a lot of the style of Half-Life 2 / Dishonoured / Mirror's Edge.I think where this game didn't meet expectations was the combat mechanic. It seems the devs tried something new this time around instead of sticking to the normal combat in fighting games, and they should be appauded for trying, but it was probably better in theory. My experience with the combo system changed throughout the game. Early on they were intimidating, I thought I wouldn't be able to remember so many buttons. Later on it became tedious and took me out of the fun of combat, and late game I realized that combo building was crutial for some boss fights. Another thing that bothered me was the short delay between attacks or ""slow-down"". Nilin feels so agile and quick, I would have liked to see what it would play like had her attacks been real time. While the combo system can be annoying, for the most part you could get by just spamming the same attack, it just won't be as effecient.Platforming is nice and fluid, so is movement in general. I found everything to be responsive, such as opening doors via Nilin's Spammer. As I said Nilin is very agile, she plays like she is very much on her toes. I found the game to be very corridor linear but this didn't bother me too much, except when you move forward past a point and can't backtrack because of a closing door, cutting you off from finding collectable items.Nilin is a very interesting character. Just looking at her she seems unique and I want to know everything about her. Unfortunately the story doesn't allow for much to be revealed about her til later on. The other characters in the story however weren't very interesting to me.Story has some plotholes but I feel like it's unique. The idea of a memory hunter is pretty badass. Not sure how she can move objects though in people's memories. Sound assets were neat, lots of glitching going on. Really enjoyed the soundtrack too!"
76561198072321796,Recommended,228300,15834397,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Graphcalibur,"A real masterpiece, that is extremely underrated . Great combat , and a really good story . The soundtrack is also really great."
,Recommended,228300,10888069,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Octopus,"I've had a few gripes with my first playthrough so far, mostly when it came to the camera and the collectibles, but the game flows well, has beautiful visuals and unique characters, and some of the gameplay gimmicks are marvelously original.I haven't spent a lot of time on this game yet obviously, but playing it on and off makes it an experience that is immersive and intense, yet somehow relaxing. The art direction on this game did very well on making the game less frustrating - I wouldn't mind fighting the same boss about three times if it meant I could experience that kind of eye candy again.Of course, a game isn't always just about the visuals - I love the variety of the gameplay. You climb, puzzle and fight your way through different levels and along the way you gain more skills and moves that you can combine in a variety of ways. It did take some time to get used to it, though. The combat is different from what you'd expect, so be prepared to fumble around a little bit.Overall, this game had everything I expected it to have. Character/racial diversity? Check. Gorgeous holograms and environments? Check. Linearity? Check. That satisfying feeling when something works? Definitely check.I love this game. Please play it."
76561198072430576,Recommended,228300,9090710,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,I'm on a horse,Yes.
76561198018559999,Recommended,228300,7798016,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ArkateraZ25,"While it may not be the most revolutionary when it comes to gameplay otherwise, the REMIX scenes are immensely fantastic, and one of my few complaints is that there weren't ENOUGH of them. At a scant 4 scenes in the game, I feel the game under-utilized what could have been one of it's most fantastic mechanics.The rest of the gameplay was fun, even though not very innovative.Story was a B+, but still very enjoyable; and, there were several moments that I felt very emotionally attached to the game.The best feature of this game is the absolutely fantastic score by Olivier Deriviere (who previously worked on Alone in the Dark 2005's score). An artful and amazing blending of electronica and orchestral makes this another hit soundtrack and on my top 10 playlists."
,Recommended,228300,8498128,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,moa-deep,Top!..very entertaining game..comparable to Batman and Tomb Raider ..real good stuff.. story is awesome and setting is absoluteley fitting..great music great visuals nice fighting ..art design is amazing
76561198006608801,Recommended,228300,8444743,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,wolverine4262,YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
,Recommended,228300,7795549,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shadow Link,"I'm not sure why so many people didn't like this game; while not the greatest ever, it is a really enjoyable game with a unique story and features.  Sure, its very linear; but not every game has to be open-world.  Games with a strong narrative, such as Remember Me, would not work very well as an open-world game (the devs would have to impose annoying restrictions on where you go in the open-world anyway to enforce any kind of narrative).  So, if you're looking for GTA or something, this isn't for you.That said, the story is very compelling: you are a memory hunter whose memories have been stolen in a future-parisian city where memories can be traded, bought, and sold.  The gameplay reminds me of something like Uncharted or Tomb Raider where you have to climb around, jumping and hanging from ledges.  The fighting, which can get a little repetitive is like a not-as-good version of the fighting from the Batman: Arkham Asylum games with some sci-fi elements thrown in.  However, the memory remix sequences were some of my favorite parts and something truly unique to Remember Me.  Basically, you can scroll through someone's memory and make tiny alterations to change how they remember what happened; for example, you can turn the safety off on their gun and move a stool slightly, causing them to trip on the stool and the gun to accidentally fire, shooting someone else.  The soundtrack is also really amazing; I sometimes listen to it while working.  Graphically, the game is pretty impressive, especially the remix sequences and other memory areas, which are very stylized; especially when you use 3x1 Eyefinity :)My only complaint with the game is that the fighting can get a little repetitive."
,Recommended,228300,8634490,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dillinger,"One of the best games I've played in a while. The combat can get a bit samey and tedious toward the end because of certain enemies that require you to use attacks with long cooldowns and mobs of smaller enemies interrupting your combos, but that's really my only complaint. It's a unique concept, striking visuals, a good story with a few holes. I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,228300,7813094,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nicken,"At first I wasn't really into it however it got my interest and the more you play it, the more you get drawn into it.Combat-wise it was a first of a kind for me.On a graphical note it offers something different, nice to look at and I thought it was very good.Overall I liked it very much especially the ending.Must have!"
,Recommended,228300,8488126,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Chu,Great Game.Nuffsaid
,Recommended,228300,8762795,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,"Remember Me is one of the best games ever made. It's top notch story, artwork and graphics that will leave you stunned, and great musical score makes this game something you 'll never want to forget. The only downside is the first few levels leave the combat a little meh(~2 Hours).The Story:Without spoiling anything Remember Me is a game where you think you know what's going to happen. When you finally play it you'll see that there is even more then you thought. The story in this game is one of the best stories ever told in a Big Budget released titles. The world feels real and the story plays off this amazingly constructed world perfectly. It may even make you rethink how you view your own memories.The Graphic/Artwork:The detail in this game is above any other I've seen. Little robot float by with signs showing you the specials of places to eat or shops. The floating text  of the signs are at the perfect depth in order to feel as if they are realistically placed. Dirty places feel dirty and not over done just like clean places feel just the right amount of clean. Nothing is over done and the detail is so perfect it's insane to think about. You really feel as if you are part of the world. The 3D is also very good.The Sound/Music:The Musical score in this game is perfect as well. It combines classic big orchestra sound with corrupt technology sounds in the perfect manner. Sound is one of my favorite things in a game so even if this styles sounds crazy even at first I didn't believe how well it sounded.The voice acting in the game is great only maybe 3 lines in the game feel out of place. Each actor adds emotion to their character and draws you into the story and scene. The combat sounds can get a little repetitive though because the enemy are always saying the same one liner all the time. Nothing that can't be over look.The combat noises and ambient sounds are also really well done. You heard ADs over a PA system about a product in the world or what just happened in the news. Robots talk about protocol for the area or you just hear people talking in the streets.  You can hear the distant sounds of computers running around a corner or a leaper hiding the shadows. The combat noise of punches landing and other abilities hitting are fine as well. Things sound satisfying when they land and never out of place.The Gameplay:The gameplay is one of the weakest parts of Remember Me at the start of the game. You don't have many abilities, pressens, or combos and it can feel as if you are just spamming the one or two combos you do have in order to just get through. When you finally unlock everything the style of combat you do is almost an art of itself. It flows so well and looks very good. At the beginning of the game it can seem that the combat is down right bad but give it time it gets really fun.The platforming in Remember Me in very linear as the game is pretty much 95% linear. There are a few places you can go in order to find collectibles but other then that it's pretty much follow this path. The platforming is pretty easy and really just something you do in order to find the solutions to puzzle as it's pretty hard to fail these sections. Overall the platforming is neither good nor bad it's pretty ok.All in all if you are looking to pick up Remember Me I strongly suggest you do. I played it the whole way through in Nvidia 3D and it was great. I recommend using a controller so you can lean back and enjoy this amazing game.By far the Must Play Game of 2013."
,Recommended,228300,26868492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gambler01,"This is probably one og my favourites games in my +200 steam library.The art is awesome, with a new perspective of a futuristic Paris (I absolutely recommend to get the Artbook).The story is nice, with some interesting plot points.The missions are different enough to each other not to be repetitive.Music OK, lenght OK. Ambient and environment life is OK.The customization of powers and skills is the best I've ever triedThe only Cons is that is a console port and they dont try to hide. At least is a good port.8/10."
,Recommended,228300,8639277,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Frosty Grin,"Not a great game, but a good one. An original and meaningful story, a sympathetic protagonist, a unique aesthetic and an entertaining combat system."
,Recommended,228300,29160416,Posted: 10 January,all,Big Hoss,Yay
76561198020212223,Recommended,228300,28448630,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ozgunozer,This Game is really enjoyable. Story rich and nice graphics. It is just like reading a good book.
,Recommended,228300,25924323,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Edorian,"Could have been such a great game if it wasn't so hellbent on being a movie.With every ounce of gameplay you get to experience you can feel the deep resentment of the creative direction for the fact that they didn't get to make a movie. Having to settle for something they consider a lesser medium where the player gets in the way of telling a story.Gameplay and story are divided and kept on two different planes, one for the player, one for the composers to tell their story. That disconnect that the fact that nothing important ever happens when the player is in control is where the game failed to utterly and disappointingly.The game tells a nice little sci-fi story that has great idea no depth but a neatly fleshed out world around it. All in all it's not worth watching a million little cut scenes, non needed, to play mediocrely implemented Arkam-style combat."
,Recommended,228300,32764542,Posted: 25 June,all,TreasuRe,"A masterpiece! Amazing story, gameplay and nice ""puzzles"", a must-have for every action fans. One of greatest of all games for it's genre. You need to play it!It deserves it!! Strongly recommended!!"
,Recommended,228300,15946815,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"My specs: 16 Gigs RAM/ GTX 1070/ Intel Core i7-7700k 4.2GhzI was waiting to try this game for a long time and for me I am glad I bought it cheap and am enjoying it quite a bit again. I love games where you can follow a story like a movie. In this game you can read memories, plant them, alter them and erase them as well. People apparently use a service to receive memories and have gotten addicted to do so as it makes them feel other people's expereicnes. The Corporation is bad and I won't say more. The game is a bit linear. Not much free roaming in the future city. I like the mix of parkour/platform/FPS if that is what it would be called. The combat takes getting use to but it should be doable by most. You basically build combos and powerups to use for fighting and bosses. Playing with a keyboard is awkward since the menus and controls seem to be better designed for a controller. I don't care for boss fights in any game so I don't have much to say except I wish they were not there. That is my only gripe. The game overall for me is entertaining and looks graphically good therefore it meets my gaming needs. Sci-fi futuristic is my thing as well as RPGs and some FPS games with a story or Serious Sam mayhem.. My personal rating is 7/10.  I would say it is worth buying and playing. It is on sale often. Enjoy the game.The game supports 4k on PC. My part 1 game play video is below but 4k won't show probably until tomorrow. Youtube is kind of slow processing large files. Thanks and enjoy.https://youtu.be/dYWcqX1YttA"
,Recommended,228300,8108879,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,undef__,
76561198009578007,Recommended,228300,34359848,Posted: 19 August,all,Dan,"Story - Enjoyable, but linear. (Journal Readings was enjoyable as well, worth collecting)Graphics - Very Good* (Minor Motion blur and jitters with M&K caused some discomfort and nausea)Audio - Fits the scenes very well, provides good immersion.Progression - Linear, severely impacts replayability and playtime.Combat - Relatively entertaining for the first half, tedious towards the second half once you start stringing along the same comboes for every encounter. there is some decision making due to enemy types."
76561198125055380,Recommended,228300,34365684,Posted: 19 August,all,Gmode,"I guess, lack of story that doesnt really pull your view, combat its ok i guess, i just wish the combat was like Batman  arkham city, BUT, i love the anmation and art and detail they put into the game, im not so far in the game , but i think people will find  interesting is controling the outcome of people memory, you choose what happen to people mind how they see thing.SO... Recommend During Sale's"
,Recommended,228300,15843474,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,KontryBoy706,"This game has been on my wishlist for a LONG time. I always looked over it because of such a backlog of games I've had to complete. But it was on sale and I pulled the trigger after reading the most recent reviews. This game is GREAT. I don't care what anybody says. It has a great story, great graphics and nice upgrade system. Yea, the combat could be better than it is  and there's a couple times the camera angle can get a little wonky but this was a launch IP. There hasn't been a second one and there's no telling how much better this game could be with a sequel. So far I have been really enjoying it. I was hooked from the very beginning and  I'm trying to pace myself. I can already tell I'm going to want to do a second play through. $6 is a complete steal for for this game."
76561197991152270,Recommended,228300,16059549,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Vivaliant,"This is my first review on steam ever, and I want to write it about this amazing game. It is as playing through your favorite sci-fi book or film interactive. Visuals, colors and the whole neo-paris concept is great. Remixing memories is awesome!I am not into fighting games, but I feel this one is really fun. I don't think it is repetitive. It is well balanced, and linear gameplay is really important for the story. The sandbox fever of nowadays would destroy it. I think people, who cannot see more than that are missing the real heart of this game. This game is unique, fun, it will surprise you many times, give you a lot of ""wow"" moments and when you play through it, your heart will cry out for more.If you cannot go deep with a story, maybe this game is not for you. But if you like a good story, some action, a bit of climbing around, a complex and well-imagined world, and need something unique, do not hesitate then. You will like this game.I want to thank the developers, and please: give us more quality games like this one!"
,Recommended,228300,9972860,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,sofakissen,"After a slow start Remember Me captivated me more and more as the story kept got stranger. It reminded me a lot of another underrated game in an dystopian science fiction world full of melee fights: Oni. If you liked that, you might as well like this game. The combo system is interesting as are the (sadly too few) ""Memory Remix"" puzzles. Remember Me is by far not perfect and has some minor annoyances, but is overall a well paced game with an interesting world and characters and some cool gameplay ideas, that feel like more than just gimmicks. I hope the franchise has a future and will indeed be remembered."
,Recommended,228300,2404440,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Xzal,"I've barely played three hours and I have to tell you now. At first I was disappointed.I was expecting a Memory Puzzle focused game, its definately more a combat focused game, however.. what it does. It does exceedingly well. The Leapers and their kin, can be terrifying in the right (or wrong) light, the references between Memories and the digital effects in the game, even the combat based music that plays (the better the combo the more flourished the background audio).And thats before I've even touched on any plot.If you can find this cheaper than £30: GET IT. For £30 though I would suggest you look into what Remember is beyond the initial trailers."
,Recommended,228300,25183965,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sepia_Knight,"This is an enjoyable story-based action game. Set in an artistically brilliant futuristic Paris, the story follows Nilin, a woman robbed of her memories.The combat is enjoyable enough and the S-Pressens system gives it enough variety to be fun without being excessively complicated. Sometimes it can feel a little repetitive, but only moderately so. The game is very linear: this bothers some people more than others, but for me it wasn't a big problem.The game's strength, though, is the story and memory remixing.  The plot and storytelling together are sufficent to make this a great game."
,Recommended,228300,13303437,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Tort,Amazing story and themes. Characters are interesting and well thought out. Quite possibly my favorite soundtrack of any game ever as well. Combats pretty standard but the rest more than makes up for that.
76561198055740494,Recommended,228300,25204159,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nick_a,"I'll be honest, at first I didn't really know what to think of this game. The fighting system is fairly original, but not very well executed. The environments look pretty, but are one-way only. However, if you're sci-fi fan this game really shines at it's story telling and artistic design. It's the story that kept me going until the end, and I'm really glad I didn't give up early on like I was tempted to.I'd say you'd only want to play through this once, but its well worth picking up next time it's on sale."
,Recommended,228300,27394067,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ｓｏｆｔ-ｃｏｒｅ シ,u know when u can't decide if u wanna be a video game character or if u wanna bone the video game character? yeah same
,Recommended,228300,28495445,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mr. Noob,"A lovely game with great storyline,"
76561198082321548,Recommended,228300,12249044,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,norike.san,"For sure I will remember this game!--------------------------------------Before I bought it, I looked for some reviews of this game on inumerous sites and, even with an average score, I decided to give it a try.All right, this is not an open world game, it won't take more than 5~6 hours to finish it and the story is linear.But, what's the matter about playing a linear story? A book is linear, a movie is linear, can't a good game be it too?Even that you can't move freely through it, the environment is rich in details, the story is well narrated and the protagonist is so captivating that you want to discover her past and help her cause. For so many times I just relaxed and started to take screenshots to remember the places and the action scenes.The combat system is quite fun. While you advance in the game, you can mix buttons to create COMBOS and easily execute them. But, this is not the BATMAN ARKHAM SERIES combat system, so you CAN'T have a free flow between enemies and link the created combos. So don't expect huge combos like DEVIL MAY CRY for example.The Memory Remix is quite a piece of art. You really feel like you are in command. You can and you will modify people's memories to change history. And it's so easy and fun, that it invites you to try different combinations just to see what happens.If you're not a big fan of Achievements, just let the game take you through the story. I started to look for colectibles like an Achievement Hunter and soon the game became boring. So I just started to play the game despite of looking for trophies and it was a much better experience.So, to summarize it:Nice story, great soundtrack, captivating protagonist, amazing memory remix moments and everything placed on a beautifull, yet limited, fantasy world.Play it, you sure will remember."
,Recommended,228300,12292526,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,AK,"Beautiful world, rarher easy gameplay, amazing story.I also liked the memory remixing parts of the game, which is something new (at least i don't know any other game with similar stuff).I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,228300,34347501,Posted: 19 August,all,.hazu,"Nice world building, cool voice for the protagonist, doesn't require crazy♥♥♥♥♥high end spec, stunning futuristic cyberpunk theme combined with parkour action.DONTNOD rules !"
,Recommended,228300,8793579,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Waku,The World's #1 French Toast-themed Glitch Orchestra Simulator.
,Recommended,228300,34112036,Posted: 8 August,all,Glidefan,"I just... loved this game so much. Yes it has its own shortcomings for sure like feeling really linear, but that linearity really helps with the story.I still have it installed even though i bought it 3 years ago."
,Recommended,228300,33132563,Posted: 2 July,all,Lurkija,"Avarage game with some what interesting story and setting. Little bit more polish and could have been great.Combat system is ok, but not fully realized.Climbing is very Uncharted like, but without any story elements going on(so even more boring than in Uncharted). Cutscenes are unskippable which hinders replay for the achievements."
76561198050301754,Recommended,228300,34320808,Posted: 17 August,all,Hurl,"A positive review with caveats:Basically, Remember Me is best played for its story, not its gameplay. A lot of the mechanics that are implemented are introduced in halfsteps, and really only the puzzle elements manage to shine. Combat doesn't have a lot of variety and can be hollow, but the mechanics have an easy, breazy kind of flow that can be pleasurable at times, with its weaving between enemies through a flurry of strikes and dodges. The platforming is essentially just go this way we tell you and there's a bit of a corridor effect at times. There can be some replayability in terms of collectibles, as well as an interactive story element that involves remixing memories, but really the memories still funnel you towards a goal and alternate endings to them are just what could happen as opposed to giving the player input in the story.The story it tells, though well-trodden, is an emotional and personal one towards the main character, with some interesting developments near the end.  It's for these reasons that it has its merits and though the developers tried to make an innovative game, a lot of those efforts fall flat. But with all these things taken in mind, the game is enjoyable. Though it's not a revolution, the things it does aren't done badly, and at the end of the day, about 8-12 hours of fun can be had with this game. It's definitely worth a buy, but so long as it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,228300,33618814,Posted: 17 July,all,Jack Meta,"TL;DR: I love all sorts of ""not so great games"", but I don't love this one. It's got an amazing cyberpunk setting, crazy awesome score, and passable button-mash combat. However, the hit or miss of the combo building system, incredibly aggravating camera control, and lack of any real depth leaves me disliking more than I liked. Which is a shame, cuz there's a lot to this diamond in the rough, but it's a little too rough even for me.As much as I want to recommend this game, I really can't. Not unless you can get it for cheap.I love all sorts of ""mediocre"" games. Bound by Flame, Technomancer, Of Orcs and Men. All sorts of stuff that doesn't review terribly well, but I still find to have enough spirit and enjoyment to make it a good experience for me. I have a real hard time finding that in Remember Me.I -love- cyberpunk settings, and Remember Me paints an incredibly vivid and satisfying picture. It's punctuated by a great score from Olivier Deriviere, and a pretty solid voice cast. However, this is where the good stops for me. While I definitely don't mind repetitive button-mashing combat, I find that the interesting (and not terribly awful) combo system is hit or miss. Largely miss. It involves creating your own combos that offer different bonuses and then applying these in combat. What to heal more with your hits? Build a combo for it. Want to deal more damage? Build a combo for it. This mechanic is pretty great, but only when it works. I can't count the number of times I tried nailing the timing right for any mess of combos that involved back-and-forth light/heavy presses just to have the combo reset itself for no apparent reason. I would launch the first, second, third, and then the fourth attack, which seemingly came at the right time, would register as the first attack for a new combo. No amount of double- or triple-checking of the combo buttons allowed me to predict when it would work and when it wouldn't. While this isn't as dire for the normal attack combos, it's a deal breaker when it comes to healing and reducing special cooldowns, as the game is built around using your combos to their fullest potential.I might be able to forgive the spotty combat if it wasn't for the fact that you'll also be battling the camerathe entire time you are playing. There's not a moment that the camera, which seems to auto-center to the worst vertical angles, will let you rest, as you're going to constantly have to be flicking it back and forth, not to follow the combat, but to push back against whatever automatic adjustment it tries to make for you. It's not good. I have played more than a few poor-camera games, and this one gives me trouble remembering any others that might be worse.Then there are platforming moments that require a modicum of precision that the game cannot offer. I remember one instance in particular with having to navigate a minefield that left little room for error, but thanks to Nillin's inability to turn on a dime (no different than other games that put ""weight"" on how their characters move, but no one is using The Witcher 3 to platform [and you'll also remember they even patched in better movement for Geralt later]). This just added more frustration to an already frustrating experience.The worst part about all of this is that I really, REALLY like the setting, and while I think the story is unnecessarily obtuse, I'm in for cyber thrillers. But all of the good isheavilymired down by the bad. I realize this is not true with everyone, but it is for me.For completionists or gaming connoisseurs, this is worth a look at a cheap price, because it had a pretty big hype before release and then left little impact when it hit. It's noteworthy in the history of gaming, but not worth losing a lot of money over. Recommended at $5-10 at most."
,Not Recommended,228300,20346141,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GiroGamz,Simplistic in all forms and the story falls a tad flat.Not come in expecting too much and you could have a good time after the endless tutorial stops.
,Recommended,228300,23432016,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Vik 👻,"Capcom meets Unreal, two of my favorite. Truly unique and well structured universe."
,Recommended,228300,23247601,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Cottondog,"I played through Remember Me earlier this year and had a fun time playing it. Its definetely a unique game made by French developers. I found this to be very entertaining, unique unique unique, with a really cool world, good storyline and entertaining enemies. I bought this on sale, but I would even recommend to buy this at full price. 9/10"
76561198094509146,Not Recommended,228300,23679817,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,guardianarlen,"Graphics was good, and storyline was sort of okay; however, I felt like I was taking a tour at Disney World. Couldn't do anything at all outside of progressing the game. Super ♥♥♥♥ing linear, and wasn't immersive at all. Would have enjoyed more memory manipulations outside of the major few that actually happens."
,Not Recommended,228300,21212121,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ryllian,"So much great potential wasted with scrub tier mistakes.GOOD-Story-World Building-Writing(its a good story but not told so well)-Combat combo system is neat and fun to mess with-Dodging mechanic thats fast intuitive and fun-Same Devs as Life is Strange though this is though Capcom and LiS is though Square Enix.BAD-Control (which destroys everything else)Movement is tied not to the mouse just the camera is. So you often find yourself walking or going in a direction you dont want to or getting stuck in a corner somehwhere because movement is based on your characters orientaton not the cameras. Targeting sucks because of this as well. Its pretty much the root of every issue that comes up in the game and ruins immersion.-QTE. Nuff said. Its not so punishing if you mess it up and its not RNG each time either. So its not so terrible but its still QTE.-Repetitive boss quotes. There isnt even a delay between when they are said, its literally the same 2-3 quotes on loop. Prepare to hear the same line 6-7 times in 30 seconds. Not even kidding.-Recycled content. Fight the same boss over again with no changes. Feels like padded gameplay-No mechanic to stop you from just walking off a ledge to your death. Your character freely falls off any ledge to previous area you parkor'd up from or to your death. This + poor character control = no fun.TL:DR I love the game and the idea. Shame it was let down with poor implimentation. Save your money and buy Life is Strange instead. Same devs MUCH MUCH better game. <3"
76561198001330049,Recommended,228300,29501200,Posted: 26 January,all,juzzza1,Great Game. Highly recommended
,Recommended,228300,32937638,Posted: 28 June,all,monil,nice game
,Recommended,228300,28725085,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Amatør råtten,"Do you want to play on your own nerves?""Remember me"" is perfectly for this..."
76561198043447750,Not Recommended,228300,32340544,Posted: 11 June,all,serygalacaffeine,"While cunning in its art style and presentation, this game is the definition of lackluster gameplay to a point where it is downright condescending."
76561198156218470,Recommended,228300,19371154,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Haruna,"Nilin ,the memory hunter.yes,i recommend this game especailly it's on sale now.buying this game is a thing that you won't regret. :)"
76561198138273741,Recommended,228300,31984700,Posted: 26 May,all,After FX,this was a great game... but to bad its to short....i like the gameplaythe character designthe CyberPunk worldthe Storyand otherbut its too short for a great game
,Not Recommended,228300,32833948,Posted: 26 June,all,Butterytumsfly,"Its more of a story than a game. Though that isnt always a bad thing. I really enjoyed bioshock for example which to me was more of a story. Though me with this game, the combat felt really bland and the combos never change only the things you put into the combo change it. theres little things like reduce cooldown punch, or more damage, and other things that dont actually change the button combination. though you could go the whole game just by using left click and 2 damages on it. which really isnt punished and makes it feel bland. In my play time the story is hard to follow if the gameplay doesnt keep me going as it just feels like a chore. Though if you can look past (or not find) this flaw you can enjoy the story its trying to tell. the graphics look nice for its age so thats a plus. though there is a major flaw with the quick time events and its that there is no button it tells you it corresponds with so i actually googled what they were telling me to hit. the buttons they try to get you to hit are left click, right click, e and spacebar. though quick time events arent really that fun of a concept in general but thats just my opinion. Overall I personally can not recommend this game though i can see why its enjoyable to some."
76561198079332525,Recommended,228300,12310895,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lightning McKillYourself,"Loyal readers and strangers of the internet, ‘tis I. It certainly has been a while, and I just know you’re all itching to read another page long review (This is the part you skip to the end, read the summary and leave.) Today you’re going to suffer through a review of a game that got huge amounts of hype, but was neglected when it game out. “Why?” you ask. Don’t interrupt me; I’m going to tell you why. What’s wrong with you? I go to all the trouble to write a review for the game, and you just come on in like you own the place. God, the nerve of you readers. Anyway, let us begin.Remember Me is set almost 80 years in the future in “Neo-Paris.” (Which is future talk for “Paris.”) Society has been completely ruptured and as a result of new technology known as “Sensen” that allows real memories to be digitised, manufactured, sold, bought and traded. Because of this, people have chosen to remove or replace any bad memories. This has drastic effects on people’s personalities, which we see often in the game when a single altered memory can turn friend from foe. Throughout the game, we see too very distinct classes. The upper class, who live in a beautiful utopian society, without any cares. This contrasts with the majority of people, who live in decaying ruins, desperate for money, work, memories, Ect. As you can see, this game has an abstract, beautiful concept, above and beyond most games produced now (*Cough Cough FC3 Blood Dragon.*)You take on the role of Nilin, an errorist agent who fights Memorise, the company who owns Sensen and have developed an immense power over 99% of the population, who are virtually addicted to Sensen. Nillin’s past shows her to be an elite errorist agent, capable of not only of stealing other’s memories, but altering and rewriting them. This power unlocks a unique mechanic that I’ll talk in a minute. You start the game in the clichéd manner of amnesia, having you memory recently been entirely wiped. The voice of the errorists, who goes by the name of “Edge” is the only thing that gets you out of the prison you and the other errorists are being kept in. As the game progresses, we see what the Sensen technology, despite having good intentions, has done to the world. In prisons, prisoners have their memories taken from them to prevent rebellions. People who have become so addicted to the technology, they’ve lost everything trying to afford it. However, as your actions, which are influenced by edge, have extremely negative consequences which impact on many innocent people, you start to doubt if you’re a vigilante, or a renegade.Now, moving on to mechanics. Remember Me’s combat is primarily based on combos, comprised of left and right clicks and dodging. The basic idea was, you were given a combo. (E.G Punch, kick, kick, punch, kick, kick) and you can change the effects on these different attacks (E.g., one of the punches could do extra damage, another could heal you slightly, Ect) The dodging system was integrated quite well into the combat, with the exception that if you dodged, you would have to restart the combo. The system was very good, especially when integrated with different unlockable abilities which were all creative and innovative, and a single ranged weapons, although, neither of these things was crucial to combat. I liked the combat system all in all, what I didn’t like was how clunky it felt. Often, because there was no particular was to select your targets (which I honestly didn’t mind, don’t get me wrong) you would attack whichever enemy was closest, in range and looking at. This system reminded me of the Batman: Arkham series, although, unlike the Arkham games, there was no easy way to move from target to target. In fact, it was almost impossible. Another problem was that sometimes you would try and fight an enemy, and the game would outright choose a different target. I don’t blame the developers for this, but allowing freeflow would’ve reduced this problem. Finally, I found that combat was often too busy, especially with enemies such as Leapers, who could jump onto walls and stay there before producing an attack that can only be dodged. This meant that, if fighting a hoard of leapers, one would constantly have to be dodging, and that can be a bit trying, especially when you were unable to complete any combos.The platforming aspect to the game had its problems as well. Every level design, regardless of how unique the art style, felt linear, like the world was closed, and didn’t exist short of this one path. The game even threw in little arrows on platforms you were meant to jump on, which was nice of them but really did take away the challenge of a platformer with such a strong puzzle aspect, although it was, undoubtedly, necessary, as the paths didn’t stick out like a sore thumb like they do in Assassin’s Creed (Seriously, God in that game must’ve been a parkourist.) All I’m saying is that this game would’ve sold much better with a slightly more open world.I’m going to touch on the art style and soundtrack by saying that they’re both great. The art style really brought to life the contrasts of the classes of Neo-Paris and the soundtrack contributed heavily to the atmosphereFinally, the mechanic that allows Nilin to enter somebodies memory and alter it was simply astounding. The way it was structured was a little bit of a trial at the time, having to re-watch the same cutscène over an over again to find memory glitches (Things in the memory you can change) and having you go back and select different glitches to change the outcome was tedious, especially because you had to deselect everything before re-watching the cutscène to find out what was wrong. Not even mentioning how memory glitches were only fractions of seconds long. I didn’t miss any memory glitches (Their animation was just the right amount of subtle to make it difficult, but entirely possible to find them if you were paying attention) but rewinding and replaying and pausing and fast forwarding and rewinding again trying to land on the exact place where the glitch was, was severely annoying, especially later on when they become even shorter.SUMMARY:Look, this game really tried to be a classic. Its storyline, art style, soundtrack and voice acting easily qualify. However, the clunky mechanics and linear environment didn’t work in the games favour. I enjoyed playing this game, but only for its storyline. It almost felt like it would’ve made a better movie than a game.Storyline 10/10Mechanics 4/10Art style & Soundtrack 9/10Overall: 7.5/10Thanks for reading.P.S, the game is pretty demanding of your computer, maybe free up some space or improve the RAM. You’ve been warned"
,Recommended,228300,9543317,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ξ.T.,"It was very enjoyable for me to see a hot strong woman running, climbing and jumping around a futuristic city in France. The freeflow combat was fun and easy to master, with adjustable and upgradeable fighting styles. Wondrous story and ''mixing'' memories was great fun.Graphics are very good, with lots of details. I loved walking around St. Michel browsing the shops and listening to people's conversations.Excellent soundtrack, some of the songs are beautiful and when fighting the music changes appropriately.Very much recommended - especially when it's on sale.  :o)"
,Recommended,228300,23655015,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Equlum,Hidden gem!
76561198274312425,Not Recommended,228300,32218198,Posted: 6 June,all,wthompso,"It's not a bad game, but I can't recommend it. I haven't felt motivated enough to complete it and I'm not entirely sure whether the fighting mechanics or the story didn't intrigue me enough to do so (own it on PS3 as well, so I didn't log much PC time on it as is shown). If it's on sale and you're looking to expand your collection it might not be so bad to buy. I appreciate the graphics and theme enough."
,Not Recommended,228300,33966541,Posted: 2 August,all,Eburneas,"The game promises a lot but really doesnt deliver on a lot of those promises.The story line is very linear, and for a parkour style game you actually dont have free-flowing movement over any additional areas except where you are supposed to go. The limitation of interaction with any outside structures, really felt confining.There are a mutitude of bugs which this far down the track, really shouldn't be an issue, game stopping bugs and audio bugs..The combat system is mediaocre, you end up spamming the same combinations for the entire game and feels like they have ported this game straight over from a console without the consideration of how it might play out on a pc.Once you manage to get through the fairly lacklustre story you are met with the ending which was fairly predictable.For a cyberpunk game, it felt, yes Neo-Paris somewhat, but really that had more to do with the equipment the police were carrying rather than any of the non-interactive background.All in all 18 hours total time to beat this game.I would rate it around a 4.5/10."
76561197985324665,Not Recommended,228300,32346506,Posted: 11 June,all,zamba1,"The combat system got me frustrated too often. It makes many of the combats in the game tedious and this in turn breaks the game's flow.A minor issue is the extreme linearity. There is exactly one predefined way from every point A to point B, only a little deviation is allowed for collecting extras. Being able to explore other areas would have been great.I completed the game because I was constantly interested how the story unfolds, but I'm not sure if I will play it again."
76561198083254331,Not Recommended,228300,25055450,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Genetic Colossus,"To put it short and sweet: The combat is lame. You get some skills unlocked, build a combo, and spam it with either Left or Right mouse button. It's basically batman arkarm knight combat, you know? See an enemy exclamation mark and hit a button to dodge, only to spam your attack button again to commit the same combo once more? Yeah, that's what you have in store for every enemy encounter, making it nothing special EVERY SINGLE FIGHT. You follow a linear route the entire game with barely any exploration. The story is a little dry, at first leaving you intreguied by what it may offer only to have it be a bit generic if you have played games with similar themes. Amnesia for main heroes is nothing new imo. As for graphics, they're well done for a 2013 title. The enviorments looks pretty good, but as I stated, you can't explore this interesting scenery, you're left to follow the beaten path. If you buy this game on sale like I did it may be worth it. So far I'd say for more than 5-6 bucks that I got it for, it wouldn't be worth a penny more."
,Recommended,228300,33638292,Posted: 18 July,all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"The pure fact that memory exists is frankly amazing when you really think about it. Our wrinkled mass of neurons and blood allows us to process current information and store that data for further study or application. Some we retain for days, others we retain our entire lives. As long as that lump of protein gets the energy it needs, we can retain pretty much everything. Even the act of “forgetting” is sometimes just us misfiling a thought or experience only to be found later. More than that, the human brain is still kind of a mystery… We don’t know exactly how memory works really. We don’t know how we store specific thoughts and how they are really processed. We’re close, of course, and getting closer every day – but this game puts us into a time where the human race has already cracked that nut wide open, and is currently chewing up the insides like a rabid squirrel.Remember Me (produced by Don’t Nod Entertainment and released by Capcom) is a game I’ve flirted with for a while. I bought it on the suggestion of Robert Bell (our wonderful SPOILERFREE movie reviewer!) but never really got into it at first. I thought it was a neat third person action game, but kind of boiler plate. Nothing too special. But I recently picked it back up – I wanted to play and review a game specifically with a black female protagonist, and this is the first one I thought of. Of that very short list. More on that later. As I installed it and started a new game, instead of just trying to stave off boredom for another day, I tried to actually experience the game. What the story was. How the characters were portrayed. What was my role in the conflict. And it turns out, it grabbed me by surprise.The main thrust of the game is we are in a far future version of Paris, France. In the opening sequence there are ads for a device called a Sensen, brought to you by the Memorize Corporation. Sensen is an implant at the base of your skull that allows people to share their happy memories with others, remove sad experiences from their minds, and share information through that connection. It became so popular that Memorize the company basically became the government. They control the flow of thought and experiences. They experiment on people in secret factories, and in a small percentage of people Sensen mutates their minds and bodies into memory addicted monsters.We play as Nilin, a woman who escapes one of those secret labs with the help of an underground terrorist group called the Errorists, who are trying to take down Memorize. But as we progress through the initial chapter we find out that Nilin was once part of their group, but was captured, and had her memories erased.Usually I don’t spend too much time on the setup, but to understand this game, to really get into it, the history is pretty important.The action is built around Nilin’s ability to adjust, distort, and remove memories using a device embedded in her glove and connected to her Sensen. In a fight, in addition to punching and kicking the hell out of her opponents, she can shoot blasts that disrupt someone’s thoughts freezing them in place. She can set off energy explosions that overload their minds. And one of my favorite parts – she puts her hand directly on the back of someone’s head to fry their Sensen completely. It’s pretty damn awesome.Learning combos is key, because you get to build your own, which honestly I’ve never seen in another game. When you gather enough XP, you can unlock different powers connected to the X or Y buttons. So you can have a combo that heals you, or one that does massive damage, or a blending of the two. Its an interesting concept, that they implement very well. This makes customizing your character to taste cool and frustrating at the same time. Should I place this move here, or not? I don’t have enough of this to do that. What will happen if I… oh no that shouldn’t have happened what the hell.I won’t lie to you, the story’s concepts and settings are really interesting, but the voice acting? It’s a bit over the top. Not as much as a game like Blades of Time (don’t worry I’ll be getting to THAT stinker eventually), but too overwrought. Every cut scene is dramatic or important. Every character interaction is filled with emotion and depth. It’s too much, and many developers don’t realize that part of the puzzle is pretty important. For the most part the story is fun. The fact that you aren’t just trying to save the city, you’re also trying to retrieve your stolen memories – your sense of self. I liked that a lot. But not everything can be important. Not everything matters as much as the next. Without a varying degree of drama the important parts are a bit drowned out.All in all, I would suggest this game. Especially if you are into third person action games like me. And before you say anything, yes I do like more types of games than Metroidvania.But not nearly as much.1 out of 5 hours past bedtime. Relatively good, but it doesn’t blow your mind.https://starttocontinue.com/2017/07/18/press-start-review-remember-me/"
,Not Recommended,228300,21308833,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Suiseiseki,"Naming it Remember Me is like Jeb Bush saying ""please clap""You will forget, I did"
,Not Recommended,228300,8430010,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Booger,"Played through about an hour of Remember Me. Here are my first impressions.The story and polish on this game are outstanding. I absolutely love the world and theme that they've created here. Unfortunately, I came to play a game, not sit through a ton of cutscenes. It seems like they drop you out of gameplay to watch a cutscene between every other step. It really breaks you out of your immersion in the world.The camera and controls are absolutely horrible. Responsiveness is sluggish and the camera is all over the place, without any rhyme or reason. The combat system is both simplistic and confusing at the same time. I have no idea how they managed that one... it's like they were TRYING to create the worst combat system imaginable.Very linear progression. You only have ONE path to follow... no diversion. It's completely mindless. The only challenge is getting the controls to work.I do not recommend this game. It looks pretty... hell, it looks VERY pretty. But it falls flat in nearly every other area."
76561198165700509,Not Recommended,228300,27881626,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yourgeekisshowing,"I had such high hopes for this, I really did. It looks so beautiful. But I was disappointed that for as much parkouring as you did in the game, the map is very limited to where you had to go for missions. Most enemies you fight are a re-hashed zombie like all games have nowadays, like Bioshock and Dishonored (difference is I actually like those games). And worst of all is the combat. I still can't figure out how the combat works, all I do is spam the same two buttons and pray that something good happens. I don't think I'll be able to finish this, I've just lost interest at this point. It wasn't fun, and I'm not going to force myself to like a game that's poorly designed."
,Recommended,228300,11081779,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,talgaby,"Before I start I want to state that I'm usually the person who thinks game reviews give way too high scores for lots of things.But this time I feel 65 is too low. Yeas, the game has its problems, but it makes up for it big time.The Good– The atmosphere and the level designs are top-notch. The future is futuristic but not far-fetched, and the memory-excange aspect is really thought out on how it may affect society. The graphical design really helps too.– Remember Me is almost purely story-based and it shows. The voice acting is decent at worst, great at best. The story itself unfolds in a perfect rythym and the two large and several smaller twists are not too clichéd to make them tiresome.– The Memory Remix minigames add an easy but very unique puzzle type in a somewhat ""timetravel changes the future"" kind of way. Depending on your taste they may be the absolute high or low point of the game. (Though in latter case you probably wouldn't pick it up in the first place.)Granted, the combat difficulty may vary for people. It's usually pretty easy even on highest difficulty but there are two ro three arena fights that are gimmicky and really frustrating.– The music is just plain awesome.– The achievements beside ""kill n enemies"" and ""do x move n+1 time"" are really fun to do, a rare thing in most games.The Bad– Unskippable cutscenes. And since the game is story-heavy it makes up almost half of NG+. It really hurts replayability.– Linear level design. The levels are very unique and make up for it somewhat but you are always on a corridor no matter what.– Short. Playing it casually can net an about 8 hour gameplay, I finished every achievement in little less than 20 with two playthroughs.– Combat and camera system can be against the player soometimes.The Neutral– Though many people complained about the controls I found the PC controls very well ported, combat was easier for me than in the Arkham games. The only bad point is the Spammer (your ""gun"") which most of the times would simply not go into aim mode.– Combat may seem repetitive as you use only four combos over and over but the Combo Lab customization system is pretty  innovative and makes combat a somewhat tactical challenge that can be adapted to various play styles.Altogether I'd say that the game is worth it for the story only, it's so good that you can replay it over and over again just like your favourite movies. If I'd have to give a numerical verdict it'd be around 72/100."
76561198049793488,Not Recommended,228300,13571363,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AndrestheJeff,"I only bought this game because it was in a bundle with another game I wanted.The storyline is pretty good I guess. But the gameplay makes the game pretty bad, I only played this for a little more than an hour, but the battle system is real bad.I can't believe they didn't fix it somehow."
,Not Recommended,228300,13848331,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Stone Ocean,"Though it's probably the easiest joke ever, it's amazing how such a cool premise can turn out to be so utterly forgettable.Unrealized potential - The Game."
,Not Recommended,228300,8779597,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,KOZ PLATINUM,"Meh.That's the best I can say about Remember Me. I'm a big fan of fighting game mechanics, a big fan of melee, and a gigantic fan of cyberpunk/dystopia-themed fiction. But Remember Me is forgettable at best.The visuals and design are fantastic, don't get me wrong, and I like the main character. What I don't like is that the city appears to be built on Total Recall (2012) logic and the only font in existance is Helvetica, as if the world had been taken over by a disgruntled, out of work hipster web designer fascist regime. Heilvetica.The plot focuses on a society where memories are a commodity to be transferred, bought, sold and traded and uses this plot element very sparingly in gameplay - mostly a handful of sequences where you get to mess about trying to alter someone's memories. Some attacks and special powers are ""explained"" by using the ability to transfer and alter memories as a catch all, but it's a complete joke. In practice the takedowns and abilities have Jack and♥♥♥♥♥♥to do with memories, and Jack left town.The plot appears to have been written by someone throwing things together in an attempt to get you moving about, as though he or she came up with a vague idea for Paris in the 2080s and then just kind of tried to give you a reason to go around beating up random people and mutants with weird weak points and jumping over things.So, meh. It's not a bad game. It's not really a good one either. It's a pretty game (design-wise)."
,Not Recommended,228300,12280265,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Veli',"Looks awesome, designers work is the only thing I liked. Everything else is just begging me to stop playing it.(btw if you are looking for some good slasher/beat em up action this one is not for you for sure)"
,Not Recommended,228300,32411467,Posted: 14 June,all,TheMountMaster,Shallow plotline and boring combat system.  A game with a cool concept but poor execution.
76561198068844036,Recommended,228300,10966739,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,zeroheat13,Under rated game sadly.
,Recommended,228300,19204161,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Gargaj,"Amazing audiovisual elegance paired with daring narrative themes. Any praise this game gets, it more than deserves."
,Recommended,228300,11244086,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Prankoys,"Great concept, flawed execution, wasted potential.Remember Me is a game that largely went under my radar for the better part of a year until it had a price cut AND a sizable discount on Steam in early 2014. I picked it up mostly out of curiosity, as I had seen bits and pieces of its concept art floating around on the Internet, but I didn't expect too much. I was pleasantly surprised and yet disappointed by what I encountered in the eight or nine hours I spent playing through it.First, the good: The art direction is superb. It's rare that games look anything like their concept art, but this game nails it. If I had to describe the setting, it would be what you'd get if you threw Blade Runner, Total Recall, Mass Effect, Mirror's Edge, and Deus Ex in a blender. It does well with immersion by peppering the game world with small details, like the little augmented reality panels that pop up when you approach a shop or a hazard of some sort. In fact, a significant chunk of my game time was spent taking screenshots of the game world; DONTNOD's vision of Paris in 2084 is really something I would have loved to be able to explore more.Music is great as well. It's an orchestral score with some ""glitchiness"" mixed in, and the combat music changes dynamically depending on how you're doing in a fight. Do well and execute a combo, the music becomes more intense. Mess up a combo or get hit, the music stops and switches to a lower-key version of the same track until you start doing well again. It's not really an original idea, but it does help you get in the groove of fighting, so to speak.Dialogue and voice acting is hit-and-miss. For the most part, the voices are pretty good, with Nilin's voice actresses in both English and French doing a wonderful job, and most of the rest of the cast doing all right as well. One character's English voice actor, on the other hand, made me wish I could reach into my monitor and wring his neck to make him shut up (though, given the character's mental state, his hamminess was probably justified). Switching to French (which I did on my second playthrough) made him more tolerable and overall made the game feel more like it was actually set in France, but at the cost of ruining the lip syncing and having to play the game with subtitles.Memory remixing, where you dive into someone's head to ""remix"" one of their memories to influence their attitude and actions, is a very cool game mechanic. It involves going back and forth through a subject's memory of a past event, tweaking certain elements to reach a desired result, which drastically changes their outlook in the present. It's a unique and fun mini-game, unfortunately there's only four memory remix segments in the entire game.The story is decent. It could have touched more on the moral ramifications of memory storage/alteration and some other themes, and leaves quite a few loose ends hanging, mostly concerning those whose memories were remixed. It's nothing award-winning, and in fact has a quite a few plot holes if you look closely, but it works well enough.Now, the bad: The gameplay is average. Combat is standard beat-em-up fare, with two normal attacks, a token ranged weapon, some special super attacks you'll need to use in certain fights, and boss fights that involve whittling down their health till they fall over for an obligatory QTE sequence. It's reminiscent of the combat in the Arkham series, but less fleshed-out. There's a ""combo lab"" that lets you change the effect of each hit in your combo strings (of which you have four), but for the most part, you basically just push three buttons in four different combinations until everyone dies.The platforming elements are nothing special. There's _one_ path through each platforming segment, clearly labeled with orange augmented-reality arrows, and if there happens to be another path, it usually just leads to a small area in which some collectibles are squirreled away. The camera can be problematic at times, and you can't climb on anything that doesn't have the aforementioned orange arrows, which can be frustrating.The game is painfully linear, and while linearity isn't necessarily a bad thing, the game's world is so detailed and immersive, one just _wants_ to explore it outside of the strict path the game leads you on. If this had been a less linear game in the vein of Hitman or Assassin's Creed as was suggested by a gameplay trailer back in 2012 (video linked below), it'd probably have performed better. It really is a wonderful setting, held back by being shoehorned into a generic brawler.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uL84jWdCpsTo summarize, it's a mediocre game, but a beautiful art piece. I'd recommend buying this game on sale, but I'd also warn players to temper their expectations. It's an okay game that could have been better, but evidently something happened in the course of development that turned it into something very different from what it was originally. Still, not bad for a first game from a new developer. I'm hoping they make a prequel/sequel one day, because Neo-Paris is just begging to be explored further, but given how the game was received, I'm not holding my breath."
76561198118681355,Recommended,228300,9637719,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Syrus The Virus,"Damn that was a good game. Not perfect, but a damn good game none the less. The story was incredibly good but the dialogue was laughably bad, you can tell this was made by a foreign studio (french infact). The combat can be a little annoying but it grows on you. It's basically like the Batman Arkham games but more rhythmic and less fluid. If you start a combo on one enemy, you can't continue onto another which I absolutely hated. The world, characters and artstyle were visually stunning and the memory gimmick is a fantastic concept I would love to see more of.I really loved this game and I sincerly hope to see more from the developers, Dontnod. For a new game deveoper's first attempt, this was amazing."
76561197993339440,Recommended,228300,9629038,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,DevilDawn,"A disturbing story about losing - or gaining - memory on the whim of one company. Memory hunters can modify your past - or what you think is your past. And you are one of the best. But you're missing some of your past as well...20 hours of good story, button-mashing and first and foremost fun."
,Not Recommended,228300,25958631,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,solios,"Remember Meis an interesting story that's been walled off behind hostile game mechanics - a harsh reminder that interactive fiction and twitch action don't always mix.  It's a beautiful game with a great concept and fantastic performance, and it'scompletelycrippled by tedious, rage-inducing, fun-destroying ""combat.""I haveterriblereflexes.  I managed to pull off a five-hit combo once, by accident, after countless attempts. I tried to persist but my patience ran out when the ""invisible"" floodlight-sensitive enemies were introduced partway into episode 3.  There's no place to practice, no way to actually improve or get good at the game mechanics without pushing forward, automatically unlocking new complications that you have to master on the fly.  It's all on-the-plot training and if you can't get a handle on it the game stops being fun very, very quickly.  Quick load times don't help.  Tutorial tips don't help.  Mashing the punch button doesn't work past the second episode.  You can either do the moves required to defeat enemies or you can't.  There's no middle ground.  It's an either/or, and I'm very, veryor.  Even reduced to the easiest difficulty setting I just get shredded.I haven't felt this frustrated by a video game since the first time I played Half-Life multiplayer in 1999, with a LAN full of bloodthirsty peers that had been living in first-person shooters sinceWolfenstein.  If you're good at twitch gaming you might be able to get into the combat but if you're not, steer clear.  There is no fun here, only frustration and disappointment."
,Not Recommended,228300,24231730,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,closurenin,"As many others have said I really wanted to like this game. The concept of changing people's memories and using that as a core mechanic of gameplay seemed interesting. It is, but unfortunately is the only real saving grace in an otherwise unimpressive game.ProsThe much advertised main appeal of the game is actually altering someone's memories. This is actually fun and well done overall. You can see how different aspects of what you could change about a point in someones life that would truly impact their entire world views changing them fundamentally.These mini game type missions actually lived up to some of the hype. The only ways they didn't see the first entry in ""cons"".The game itself was stable, though admitedly this is much easier to do with linear levels with no choices in them.ConsThe cons list, sadly, also includes the memory altering. It was dissapointingly underused (only a handful of times you actually did it in the whole game). When it was used, you felt annoyed that they missed a lot of opportunity. It could have made the game so much better. They only have one outcome that works to solve each situation. You can't evaluate a person, decide what would be best for them, and try to alter the memory to fit that. Now if you did that for different people and saw the outcome of how that would effect their lives after the mission or even come back to bite you later that would be very interesting. It also doesn't really get into the morality of how you are really taking away an essence of who they are with this act. Which would make the game more interesting and thought provoking at least.The levels are linear. You can't get off the beaten path at all. Even when you can see a sprawling city, none of it is more than scenery. There is only one path you can follow the entire game with a few side rooms containing ""extras"".The plot is very boring. They tried for some conspericy with twists and turns, but it was very predictable as you went along, almost a cliche really. To be honest, it's not even very interesting since you didn't really have any connection or feeling about how it turned out (see below).Characters are mere charactures. None have any depth to them, so you don't actually care about what happens to any of them. The main character is probably the worst offender of this.The building of your combos was just an annoyance. I think they were going for something to make it more fun to play to give the illusion of choice in gameplay, but to me it really backfired highlighting to do it you still need to have the first thing be a punch followed by two kicks and a punch in that order, you only chose the different bonuses.When I heard about this game, I imagined that you would use memory wipes more and have a more open game to explore. It is instead very carefully laid out and you have to do exactly what it wants in order to ""win"" which is the definition of linear, and turned out to be completely boring. For a game creating hype based on you having the power to alter memories to what you want, you really can only alter them to exactly what the game wants you to do.For a game called ""Remember me"", it is extremely forgettable. I now read this as a desprite plea from the game itself, not actually as the title.Overall it is not worth full price, questionably worth picking up at all."
,Recommended,228300,11242864,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jazz456456,"Honestly my favorite game. Stunning graphics, beatiful ost, and great voice acting. Though for the cutscenes, the audio is always ahead of their actions. The storyline is wonderful, and the script of the characters say- such as nilin's reaction to edge flooding the Saint Michel dam adds to the story. I'd have to say that fighting H30 was rather easy, but I guess that was because he wanted to die, so I guess that makes sense. I love the character design and the attack moves, also. All in all, this is a truely wonderful game and everybody deserves the honor of playing it."
76561197971139530,Recommended,228300,8428465,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Seo Camo,cool game
,Recommended,228300,8480658,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MidnightSnack,"This is a very underrated game. It's very linear, but it tells a interesting story set in an amazingly detailed Neo Paris. If you're a fan of cyberpunk, this is worth the discount price for sure."
,Recommended,228300,8443527,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,e16997c6c757fbd367b630f32d5481ef,HOLY ♥♥♥♥HOW DO I USE THE MAIN MENU
,Recommended,228300,8491388,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,{MC}Swordguy,phenomenal game.
76561197977332126,Recommended,228300,8490569,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,T3h Bomb,The Bestest!
,Recommended,228300,9150051,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dizzie,"When I initially saw a screenshot of this game, I thought that it would be an enjoyable experience in the same sense that Assassin's Creed was; You pick it up, play through it, and bask in the memories of having done so. It took me about a year to actually buy it, but I went into it as eager as ever. Finishing the game at about nine hours (mind you, this was on the easiest difficulty and I didn't go for all the collectables and or achievements) I can safely say that it was well worth the investment. The soundtrack to this game is fenominal and fits so perfectly into this 'Neo-Paris'. While I can't speak for the originality of a memory hunter, a protaganist with amnesia, or a rogue fighting the system, I can say that this is a fantastic RPG with a wicked story. Play this game and you'll certainly Remember It."
,Recommended,228300,16624456,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Moose King,"Yeah it's fun and I recommend it, but be warned! This game drags on forever"
,Recommended,228300,23868986,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bellatrix,"I enjoyed this game but found there to be major stuttering and framerate drops on a 1080 with an i7. No idea why, but aside from that it was a good playthrough. Won't be going back though."
76561198097697516,Recommended,228300,32246950,Posted: 7 June,all,v1keka,Great game. It has an interesting story.
76561198013911039,Recommended,228300,25705342,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Voojagig,"I'm not saying Remember Me is a good game....... literally the only good thing is the story. Gameplay is basic as ♥♥♥♥, no challenge; it literally has arrows telling you how to parkore to your next linear path throughout the entire game. The game is pretty cuz capcom, but it's not something to turn down vajayjay for. But ♥♥♥♥, this story is so good. It's worth it just for that. And that's what I love in a game. There's lots of extra reading bits that give background about the plot that are really intriguing too. Kinda like Lost Odyssey. 11/10 - would bang Nilin."
76562198009681869,Recommended,228300,18589119,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,Nice
,Recommended,228300,33154262,Posted: 2 July,all,PLGKnow,"Even considering the game genre, and it's relative ""short"" story. I think this game is one of the best dystopic cyberpunk games. The story is really well written, and for me at least, it was full of emotion, you can easily draw parallels with movies like ""Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind"" and ""Paprika"" with the narrative of the dangers of mind altering devices in the future. But be aware, I think this game is for people who really like this kind of narrative's, if you're just interested in beating enemies and advancing levels, I don't think I would suggest you this game."
76561198008421595,Not Recommended,228300,25244806,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,blame_1_gamer,"It is a beautiful game. The art everywhere is nothing short but a masterpiece of an apocalyptic downfall of capitalism. Unfortunately the gameplay sucks. The fighting sequences become repetitive and boring, the bosses are often flawed with bugs and tedious."
,Recommended,228300,13219230,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,💅 Шɪήʇəʀ,"(This review has a bit of spoilers, i WARNED you.)This game was a really great experience.First of all the Storyline is absolutely outstanding, and beautiful.The Combat mode is also another thing that stood out. Timing is essential in the gameand the combos are outstanding.Parkour was also fun.I really liked the idea of actually going through character's memories and ""remixing"" them.-When i press shift to shoot, Sometimes it just stops targeting whatever i'm pointing it at, and it's really frustratingspecially on the boss fights.All in all i'd give this game 9/10."
,Recommended,228300,15843291,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,I like this game. I want more story and more memory hacking and like no fighting.
,Recommended,228300,8988959,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,derrderrderr,"Around 8-10 hours of main storyline, this is DEFINITELY worth playing if only for the excellent storyline, strong characters and the beautiful art direction and soundtrack. This eerily convincing dystopia has elements of Deus-ex, Ghost in the Shell and Mirror's Edge at times.Note: Recommend using a GamepadPros:- The world is stunning with a lot of care and attention to detail put into it.- The storyline and characters are excellent.- The soundtrack is excellent and compliments the world perfectly.Cons- There are Quick Time Events on boss fights that feel really out of place and almost spoil the experience (But as these are restricted to boss fights they are reasonably infrequent)- Players of Rocksteady's Arkham games will find the combat frustrating due to a lack of counter in particular.- The world cries out to be explorable, so it's disappointing it isn't.The gameplay features a well paced mixture of physical puzzle solving, combat challenges and memory-remixing puzzles (one of the more interesting and thought provoking-parts of remember me).In comparison to the combat in say, Rocksteady's Arkham series, the lack of counter and quick cut off when trying to continue a combo after dodging can be frustrating. That said, Nilin, while capable of pulling off some ridiculous jumps, feels very 'human' as a resultThe sequence-based combat can take a little getting used to, but it IS pretty satisfying when mastered, especially due to the dynamic music that follows the combosThe main let down is perhaps more that Remember Me had the potential to be so much more and perhaps doesn't quite live up to (high) expectations:For example:- The memory remixing could have had multiple outcomes in the current day depending on your choices (rather than just finding the ""Right"" solution)- The world is so well presented that everyone wants to explore it and interact with npcs, but can't.- The Quick Time Events really felt unnecessary"
,Recommended,228300,23663346,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ponderus,"Highly recommend, I really liked this game"
,Recommended,228300,30728206,Posted: 25 March,all,Wellech,"Really enjoyable, immersive game in capcom's fashion."
,Not Recommended,228300,32213368,Posted: 5 June,all,Chubzdoomer,A painfully linear interactive movie with mediocre Batman Arkham-style combat littered throughout it.
,Recommended,228300,12316958,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Salah,"-So empty , But yet so true , The past is a foreign country-Well , when we talk about a game developed by a french studio then 2 things will blow your mind: the Story & the artwork.this game isn't mirror's edge or another hack N slash game , its way different.Its basically a new mix of martial art game , where you can mix combos of your own , light puzzle in an extraordinary style and light platforming.basically:-Graphics in this game is very decent and fair enough , artwork , textures , colors choice is really really awesome.-Gameplay is way too smooth , no glitches or bugs , yet you can also create your own combos , gives you more freedom in combat.-Soundtrack in this game is pretty much awesome , vocal choices are neat ( wish i know who was it ) , the timeing of soundtracks are well set aswell.-Story , is mind blowing , not only full of plot twists but you will get to make the plot twists yourself !!.-Artwork in this game is really going to catch your eyes , basically each scene of this game is full of artwork that you will have to pause and enjoy it for a few secs.-Puzzle in this game was sort of too easy and weak , but its pretty much a whole new style of puzzle , no need to spolier you will know as soon as you play it.generally its a must to play game , it was so enjoyable and it leaves you wishing for a Remember Me 2. <-episode 2.i recommend this game in full price or sale price , tottaly worth it either ways. 9.5/10."
,Recommended,228300,12296824,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Interactive Civilian,"Remember Me is pretty good. Not great, but definitely not bad. Decent characters, interesting premise, okay story, reasonably fun gameplay. The combat is not as good as say Batman: Arkham Asylum or City, but it's still pretty decent. I'd say it's a game worth getting, especially on sale.You'll want to play this with a game-pad, though. Keyboard/mouse control is rather weak and not fun.Beware: it may be very unstable on less than optimal systems. I could not play the game beyond the intro without a crash-to-desktop on my old machine (a 2011 2.4GHz i7 MacBookPro 8GB RAM w/ 1GB Radeon 6770M and Win7 64), even with all of the settings set to their lowest. The game runs like a dream on my current machine (a current MSi Dominator Pro 24GB RAM with GeForce GTX 880M). Basically, you're definitely going to want to have power to run the game smoothly and stably."
76561197973795570,Recommended,228300,12494785,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Reaper,"It is rare when I am stunned by a game.  Often games can be entertaining, visually stunning or encompase complex story arcs, but rarely do they acheive all three.Remember Me is a beautiful game.  I lost count how many times I just sat back and looked at the environment, often getting attacked in the process.  The combat is not complex (once you get used to it) and by the end you flow around your enermy, dancing between blows like a ballet of violance.The story is imaginative, thoughtful and well written, with strong voice acting and presence.  In the end you drift past the combat, knowing that your enermy will meet their poetic demise, because all you desire is to understand the next glimpse of your fractured memory.This game is a cross between Deus Ex, Mirrors Edge and a film I used to love called Renaissance (2006 staring Daniel Craig).If I were to critic this game, and I am loathed to do so, it is a little short and I completed it in about 10 hours."
,Recommended,228300,12736159,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Vicious,"This is a great game, one of my favourites. From slums to the heights of society, every level is exquisite and well designed. In the nicer parts of Neo-Paris the enviroment has this polished clean look that adds to juxtaposition of the ramshackled slums and sewers. Overall graphically it is a very stunning game.Now gameplay. There are few things to talk about here. One is combat mechanics. This game takes an interesting approach to melee Arkham like combat. It has customizable combos, which can be accessed and altered at any time through the Combos Lab. This is a really cool idea and I love the game even more for it. The second thing to talk about is the memory remix sections. This is where you remix a person's memory so that their perception of reality is shifted in one case turning enemy into ally. This is a part of the story and part of the more morally questionable aspect of the protagonist Nilin.Lastly the story. I have to say I loved it. But then again I'm a huge fan of the Cyberpunk genre. If you don't like cyberpunk stories than you probably wont like this one. I thought is was a brilliant depication of a dystopian society masquerading as a utopia.Last advise: If you plan to get this game use a gamepad. With these melee combo centred games I prefer to use a gamepad. It just feels better."
,Recommended,228300,12478577,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Exaemo,"An interesting story, diverse characters, a cyber-punk setting make for a fun single player game. The fluid combat that you are able to re-work on the fly by setting up your own combos from a plethora of moves is awesome. The platforming is nothing really new but it works well.If you're looking for a futuristic action/adventure game with a healthy dose of brawling/melee fighting and some very unique game mechanics that tie directly into the story - this is a great game to play."
,Recommended,228300,12573830,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Semitalis,"Finally played/finished this game and I must say it was well worth the time. Really good mechanics, beautiful level design and a refreshing story. It really deserves a closer look as you cannot really do anything wrong with this game. It may be short, but it is on sale every other week, so grab it when you have the chance ;)"
76561197962396255,Recommended,228300,12453545,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DragonReborn,8/10Good story.   One of the best ones I have played recently.Looks good.Combat gets a little repetitive.  However I liked the combo system.Had to restart a few checkpoints because of glitches.
,Recommended,228300,12494485,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Expect Pain 🐺,"So I just be the game today and here's my take on it. Hope it helps for those considering to purchase this game!Story, Art, and Characters - Simply amazing. Everything in the game has great textures and you can see the developers really focused on making sure the graphics in every scene were done carefully to ensure a complete masterpiece. The story is very interesting, as you watch the main character struggle to find her identity, struggle with morality, and the broken society. If you like philosophy, you may enjoy this game as it quotes some historic guruus.  The cutscenes are unskippable which makes replaying some levels a pain. Also this is a straightforward, single-result (meaning no different endings) type of game with no side-missions or quests.Gameplay - Standard fights are repetitive, relying on the same button combos and limited variety of enemies. Often, I had to put the game down because the gameplay was too repetitive and not fun. However, the ""remixing of memories"" a feature used 4-5 times in the entire game was a blast and I wish the developers made that more prominent in this game. In addition, it took me about 8 hours of gameplay to beat it once through without searching for hidden items or achievement hunt.If you like a game that has beautiful art that takes ""Inception"" to a completely different level and that you don't mind putting down due to repetitive fighting and moving around the areas, then this should definately be a consideration to add to your library:"
76561197964451519,Recommended,228300,29573309,Posted: 29 January,all,Rorschach,like mirrors edge? prince of persia? you should give a try to this game!
76561197972464391,Not Recommended,228300,12830165,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Di3zaL0t,"What a buzzkill...Great Paris-city design,innovative ideas and a fresh take on platforming are the things that attracted me to this game.Unfortunately the sameness of adversaries (excluding the patched-on bosses) ,awful fighting system where button mashing works or not, and finally the incomprehensible (for pc users) power equipping ,priming and power charging system ,make this game unplayable."
76561198058950684,Not Recommended,228300,12883387,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Monkey D. Luffy,"i'm having way too many issues with this game, glitches and buttons do not seem to work at all. Do not invest your money into the pc version.  I have experienced too many glitches within 2 hours of gameplay! thats not right, unfortunately for me i can't even contact steam about this issue."
,Recommended,228300,10009889,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,EvilSmoo,"Good time.  Very much on rails, decent plot and good voice acting.  Combos got easier once I started pressing and holding instead of trying to click (and back up) each instant.Nothing mind-shattering here, just a decent game where you hit people in the face a lot.  Nice cutscenes, and the memory remix sequences are very interesting.  They must be really complex to make, so there's not many, though.  Will give you hours of entertainment, but won't keep you up at night."
,Recommended,228300,602307,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Origo,A great story served by an amazing work of art.
,Recommended,228300,33079477,Posted: 1 July,all,alex3995,awsome game
76561198013820698,Not Recommended,228300,33013159,Posted: 29 June,all,Firstname,"+ Story is alright+ Level design is simple+ Awesome atmosphere- Annoying combat mechanicsWhen the core is boring, I really can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,228300,32681904,Posted: 23 June,all,AKJ001,"Linear action based with climbing, fights, easy puzzles, and some collectables for upgrades.Combat system contains 5 combos and some special abilities. The concept sounds fun but it's too simple which gets boring very quickly. You'll easily create an OP combo that'll simply spam in all fights and the game gets too repetitve because of itThe story progressed incoherently. If you manage to follow the story, you'll find it predictable and rather boring.This is a below average game, but it's not too bad. 3/10"
,Recommended,228300,34155021,Posted: 10 August,all,IvD,"Remember me is very mediocre game. You might skip it as hundreds of other mediocre games, but in this case you will miss:Stunning soundtrackExceptionally beautiful artworksGreat visualsCompelling story, which isn't the greatest one, but it's goodOne of the most conceptual cyberpunk settings, which makes new Deus Ex blush (and I think new Deus Ex is a pretty good one)Really good voice acting (kudos to actress who voiced Nilin)Very interesting 'memory remix"" mechanics (which is shockingly underused)Unfortunately, to get all of these goodies you need to endure somewhat boring combat system, extremely linear levels and overall clunky controls with camera, which is often more dangerous to you than actual enemies. It is a shame that DONTNOD failed to make a decent package for such great ideas. I'd still highly recommend playing this game, but my advice is:Buy it on saleGrab a controllerDon't be a stubborn fool like me and play it on easiest difficultyThis way you'll get to experience many of the great moments of Remember Me without too much of a frustration.Hope this game gets a proper continuation which is good gameplay-wise. It absolutely deserves it."
,Not Recommended,228300,28349352,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Lava Torrent,"The graphics are very good for 2013 and sound effects are good also but the controls were the worst I've ever experienced. Very unresponsive controls, you have to move your mouse at least 10mm/s just to get a response and if you move too fast the mouse acceleration will fling the camera. Looking up and down requires even more input. The inability to change the FOV is worsened by the poor controls making me feel like I'm peering through a straw. Outside of combat it just feels like I'm running down a long hallway with occasional obstacles to climb over. Another lack of freedom is that you can't skip any dialog or cutscenes. Instead you have to listen to every boss ramble tarded dialog about how amazing he is and bla bla. Combat feels like your typical old school arcade combos. How this game got such a good rating, I don't know. Should have been called “Forget Me” 3/10"
76561198056079806,Recommended,228300,28365348,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SeraphimGrey,"Ok, I'll start with the thing that was a bit annoying when I started playing. It was the understanding of the combo system and their application in combat. So if you are getting frustrated in a fight with 2-3 enemies and it seams impossible to beat them... it's because you're not using proper combo.I can't stress how important it is to get 3 x combo changed very often... from health to cooldown.Forget 6x or 8x in combat... (here and there on lonely enemy you can do them, or if other enemies are far away)But basis of your fight should be 3 x combo, quick cooldown for that super powers and health boost when you need it.That being said... game is f***** awesome!Story? - 11/10I played it both with keyboard and controller... controller is prefered but really not mandatory."
,Recommended,228300,28393352,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Koruvax,"Mouse/keyboard controls aren't great but functional, so if you have a controller use it.Remember Me is visually pretty, has good to excellent voice acting, tells an engaging story and the memory remixing is interesting. These things pretty much save the game, as the mechanically the game is pretty mediocre bordering on tedious.There is one way and one way only through most of the environments and the movement mechanics often help to shatter the illusion of choice: while you can climb like a limber monkey and leap like a flying squirrel during the designated parkour sections, even a stair case railing or a small box becomes an insurmountable obstacle outside of them. Plenty of invisible walls further help to make the player feel penned in.Worse yet, the game absolutely adores taking control away from the player through frequent unskippable cut scenes (in-engine and pre-rendered). Save points seem to get placed before cutscenes a lot, so if you save and exit you may watch it twice. The camera works fine most of the time, but it too sometimes gets locked into position for no apparent reason. The game also does a lot of explaining mid-combat, ripping you right out of the action in the process.The combat system is passable, though it gets very repetitive very quickly. New enemy types rarely require new tactics outside of boss fights. The latter culminate in a (to me) tedious quick time event which, if you fail, means repeating the last few steps of the fight to get back to the QTE until you succeed."
,Recommended,228300,28402890,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DrunkArmadillo,"What makes the game worth it for me more than anything else is the story really, followed by beautiful graphics and stunning music. This sort of review system is very important to me, and if it something that draws you as well, meaning that you can overlook technical problems. There are a lot of great ideas that could have been executed a lot better. The levels are a little too linear. The combat system at its core is fairly interesting, I personally found it easy to figure out and use which was a nice change from the usual headache when I start a game, but can get repetetive at times. Boss fights and more advance enemies offers some more interesting aspects of the combat system.Along with the combat system, you get to jump around, remix memories and do some minor puzzles. The ability to not skip cutscenes the second time a round is frustrating, especially since you can go back to previous episodes to find the collectibles you missed. The camera angels can get a little strange at times and hard to follow, the momvement of the protag is for the most part fine, except for certain bits where it makes wider sweeps and has you fall off a platform. The game isn't long, took me about 10 hours on ""normal"" difficulty the first time, whether this is a bonus or flaw is up to you.The atmosphere and the music, combined with a good level of lore and information on sociological issues that surrond the game, along with beautiful graphics, is what makes the story draw you in, and by far the biggest strength of the game.On a personal note, it was incredibley refreshing to have a biracial female protagonist whose mose significant relationship in the game is friendship, something that's considered a bold move, and something I genuiniely appreciate.Overall, if you're the type of player who doesn't care much about the story, with music coming in second too, while foremost looking for an diverse fighting system, clean and polished movement and an open world type of game, the game doesn't pay off. If you get very invested in stories, care a lot about the atmosphere and music, and aren't bothered by linear levels and want a combat system that's interesting, but wont give you a headace, then I'd say its well worth it. Note, I bought the game while on sale, don't remember exactly how much but I'd say it was easily half the price. I'd recommend also waiting for it to go on sale, makes the buy feel more worth it."
,Recommended,228300,28311379,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cynical Ape,"Nice story, combat and enjoyable but not so challenging puzzles.If you are looking for something fresh, I recommend Remember Me."
,Recommended,228300,30231914,Posted: 27 February,all,Chips,"Great story, gameplay and overall design. I love that I can change, wipe and destroy peoples memories >:D"
,Recommended,228300,30293925,Posted: 3 March,all,iddqd,"Great game with interesting combat mechanics, decent graphics and animations and an awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,228300,30918086,Posted: 3 April,all,Yesterday's Jam,"Absolutly loved this game. It was beautiful, interesting story, good character development and had differing gameplay types. The puzzles were difficult but acheiveable and the fighting was so fun. Athough theres not as much freedom as I normally like, the linear style really suited the story. And did I mention it was beautiful? I just finished playing Alien Isolation and this game has SO much more going for it. Now I have to get the new Mirrors Edge because I had so much fun playing a femail protagonist."
,Recommended,228300,10192062,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,potato_jako,One of the best games I ever played!
,Recommended,228300,11243739,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ironic Cropped Furry Pic,"To call this game underrated would be a tremendous understatement.It is a mediocre video game. It is an amazing experience in every other way. The art style and special effects flashy things are beautiful, the music is easily on par with iconic soundtracks like Halo and Mirror's Edge, and crucially, the atmosphere/setting is  unique and interesting. Do not pass this up."
,Recommended,228300,14927047,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"One of my favorite games ever and one of the best looking imo. The level of detail is some of the best I've ever seen in a game. The graphics, artwork, and effects are outstanding. I can't think of too many games that come close to looking this good. It's one of the most underrated games I have played too. It also has top-notch sound effects and music. It controls very well and combat is a lot of fun. Be prepared with a xbox 360 controller though for the best experience by far because since it is Capcom and they rank among the worst companies for programming pc games, keyboad and mouse movement is nowhere near as good as using a controller.Every time I walk into a fight I'm thinking ""♥♥♥♥ yes it's time to beat some serious♥♥♥♥♥quot; because combat has a great feel and you can really feel the hits landing. You also get a wide variety of combos and special powers. Overall, the combat really is very well done. It is pretty fun and very engaging. The story is very unique and well done also imo. I love Blade Runner-esque neo-noir futuristic settings in games or movies, and this is a really awesome setting. Everything looks superb in the world and the attention to detail is amazing. Being able to plug your glove into the back of a guys head and digitally blow his brains out is one of the coolest things ever. The combination of the way you jump around and the hot skinny female protagonist reminds me of a third-person style Mirror's Edge. The story, graphics/visual style, effects, and the combat are unforgettably good and the game isn't too short which is a problem with a lot of fun games in recent years. This game is plenty long enough.This game is so much fun. On sale at $10 was a steal. The only downside is that it is linear, but I really can't think of too many action games that aren't nowadays. An immensely fun ride, one of my all-time favorite games. 9/10."
,Recommended,228300,19254513,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,rafasc_94,"lets just start to say how underrated this game is. This game is just big blast of fresh air the pros are these, lovable characters, super fresh environment, gameplay variety and enemy aswell, very original concept, a fairly good plot and just the idea of remixing memories is just awesome. The only bad thing about this game is the camera that sometimes can be a pain but it isnt game breacking by anymeans. The combat is an interesting system, you are given a combo and them you can personalize which kick or punch wich can very between damage, ability time reducing, healing and supers, and than you have these abilities which are pretty cool keeping the combat even fresher.In other words buy this game because it deserves to be bought, a game that was probably overshadowed because of not enough media coverage"
76561198023625219,Not Recommended,228300,34606455,Posted: 30 August,all,Swevener,Worst combat system I have seen.
,Recommended,228300,32742116,Posted: 24 June,all,LuckyFrag,Very underrated.
,Not Recommended,228300,11561384,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ickarumba,"5/10The road to mediocre games is paved with good ideas.It is clear that the designers wanted to create a game that was part Tomb Raider, part Arkham City, part The Matrix, and with a dash of Inception.In Remember Me, you play as Nilin, who starts off the game with her memory wiped. Just as she is about to be sent to a jail cell, she is broken out. It is revealed that she is a memory hunter and is a key asset to help a rebel group take down a big corporation that wants to mind-control people.The combat wants to copy the free-flow punching and kicking that was present in the Batman games, but it falls completely flat on its face. You are given set combos consisting of punches and kicks that are stronger as the combos become longer. However, longer combos are only unlocked as the game progresses. As soon as you unlock a longer combo, the shorter ones become obsolete. So you end up only repeating the one combo over and over again throughout the game.Your combo is also interrupted if you are hit by enemy attacks or by taking too long between hits. You can dodge the very telegraphed enemy attacks, but some dodge animations are so long that your combo is stopped anyway.There are also no AoE attacks except a few special moves that are used very rarely. As the game progresses, there are more and more enemies in any given battle, so it becomes very difficult to actually perform a combo.This becomes very frustrating and artificially inflates the difficulty of the game.There is significant platforming in this game. However, unlike Tomb Raider, you have arrows telling you where to jump, which defeats the purpose. It's a series of 'follow the instructions'.The story is interesting for the middle part of the game, but becomes extremely contrived towards the end. It feels like the developers tried to put in as many plot twists as possible.The redeeming feature of the game is the memory remixes. You are able to view the memories of some people and change small details to change the outcome of the memory. In one instance, you change a man's memory to make him think that he killed his wife, which drives him to commit suicide.You could play this game if you have a spare 10 hours, but honestly, it's really not worth your time nor money.Pros:- Interesting aesthetic style- Memory remixes - a pity that you can only do this 4 times in the gameCons:- Boring and frustrating combat- Platforming is disinteresting and is used to pad out the game- Story picks up slowly and then becomes contrived towards the end."
,Not Recommended,228300,34369868,Posted: 20 August,all,Arkas,"This game has an enticing concept, but falls flat in large chunks of the execution. I have requested a refund after about 3 hours of playtime.The graphics are great, it looks and feels a bit like a mix between Devil may Cry, The Fifth Element and Oni (the game).The big downside for me was the combat system. It is very repetitive, and simply not fun.There are few combos you can do, there is no blocking/counter and the enemies were not that varied. So you end up doing the same few two button combos, with dodging enemy blows inbetween, over and over again.The world building and story line are full of holes and what drives the protagonist is never really is explained or does seem to make much sense. Story just happens.The game tries to match the music dynamically with the current surroundings, but for me the songs and sound effects they chose did not harmonize well with the mood of the game and it felt abrupt and dissonant at times.I also wished the world was more interactive.You have to just walk past these beautiful, very detailed places, that are full of people/robots/androids - and you cannot interact with any of them.I wished I could have talked to some of them, maybe get a few sidequests, to find out what they and this world are all about."
76561198016960112,Not Recommended,228300,30148855,Posted: 24 February,all,ln(t),"This isn't a terrible game. It just isn't very good either. Climbing sections are a pain, especially as the game highlights the way you need to go to take any challenge out of it.However, the combo lab was a really cool addition."
,Recommended,228300,30444490,Posted: 11 March,all,Setarcos04,9.5/10PROS:Extremely  C R E A T I V E  gameplayExtraordinary city design and sceneriesFantastic musicEmotive dubbing (I want to try French but I do not understand French! What a pity!)CONS:Plain fight systemUncomfortable angle of views (just happens sometimes)
76561198004701225,Not Recommended,228300,23905550,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,van the man,"Refunded this one.Xbox one controller (works pretty universally in other games) isn't detected. Logitech F310 was detected, on ""direct input"" mode.After overcoming that issue and getting to play, opinion of the gameplay is that it's stupidly clunky. Art, animations, music all seem REALLY nice, but this isn't something I'm going to enjoy playing. Gameplay is vaguely reminiscient of Prince of Persia Sands of Time and its sequels, but, those games were smoother and more accessible to play. Combat just doesn't feel responsive, and I can't invest myself enough to learn to combo with this game's timing - mashing to find the hit window like you do to combo in Dynasty Warriors doesn't work, it requires single button presses with right timing. Switched game to easy, it still seemed to want more attention than I cared to give.Also, unskippable cutscenes."
,Not Recommended,228300,25816903,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,midnight640,"To summerise: It looks great it plays s.h.i.t. , watch the story, save your money.If you ever wondered why this game never became huge despite its excellent graphics, good story and cool memory remixing, let me tell you -the gameplay loop is annoying. In more detail:You will hate the freeruning because even with analog stick Nilin has 2 speeds run and walk. She moves in 8 directions not 360. And then there is the camera. Lets just say it is easier to reset it then to adjust it to track her.This game loves to take control from the player without announcing it. It enters scripted events and cinematics from the gameplay POV and you try to move left or right  and then realise that the game is playing itself.The slow moment are too many and too long.Boss battles are repeated not too much, but just enought to show a lack of creativity and to annoy me ( maybe not you)."
,Recommended,228300,23174128,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,•••¿©®@©K?•••,FMPAC-DRL4G-5AGQK
76561197963819455,Not Recommended,228300,16935807,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jinnai,"I want to like this game.  I really do.  I love the setting, the art, the story (as far as I've played) seems good enough.  But I cannot express enough hatred of the user interface.  In combat the game keeps trying to make me target the wrong enemy with no logical sense.  Target the enemy right in front of you?  No.  The guy in front of you on the wall a ways away?  No.  Lets make all your swings and combos shift for no reason to a guy standing off to your left.  Want to move the camera to look around?  You can, but the game will feel like it's fighting you.  The amount you have to move the mouse to get the same distance of camera movement in any given direction is CONSTANTLY changing with no indication at any time.  At first I thought it was to try to keep the camera pointed in the way I should be going, but that is not always the case, which just adds to the frustration.  It feels like a console port that didn't take keyboard and mouse controls into account at all.  And for the insanely frustrating user interface I have to vote this game down.  The point of a game is entertainment, not frustration and so at its core, while it may tell a good story, it fails to be what a game should be."
,Recommended,228300,10834249,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kenuty,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lXOeHZZSw8+Awesome take on 2084 futuristic Neo-Paris (Fixed because Cat wants it done)+Music is amazing+Dialogue is great+Story is great+Decent graphics+8-9 hours gameplay+Memory Remixing is very unique however only done 4 times in the entire game =(-very obvious linear game, nothing to hide it-gameplay is a bit weak-no replayability unless you want trophy-the climbing mechanic is clunky and holds your hands the entire game(Fixed youtube)"
,Not Recommended,228300,33674870,Posted: 20 July,all,MsHolyk,"Warning: Bug in Chapter 1!This was a really fun game, until I ran across a bug that has been known as far back as 2013. In Chapter 1 I was unable to progress because I fell off an AC and then disappeared completely. Although I thought this was cheeky the first time I came across it, it soon became irritated as there was no way around the bug. It's unfortunate that the developers haven't fixed this known issue for so long, and I ended up filing a claim to get a refund. Otherwise... Great game, from what little I was able to play. I hope the bug gets fixed eventually."
,Recommended,228300,17721954,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,NotAce,"combat system is a bit sluggish and takes some getting used to but the memory hacking, the AMAZING story and environments are just worth it!"
76561198003020916,Recommended,228300,28703303,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NFLed,"This is a very fun game, plenty of variety of gameplay with a good story and environments.  The combat is very similar to the Batman Arkham games.I had not heard of this game before finishing Dontnod's other game Life is Strange (which is also good though different from Remember Me), and I suspect that not many people know about it which is why I am writing this review."
,Recommended,228300,28933551,Posted: 2 January,all,Scipionem,"A very underrated game: fantastic universe, engaging story, excellent music, and beautiful art. The mechanics can be wonky at times and the game is pretty linear (not that that's always a bad thing), but that shouldn't keep anyone from enjoying this game for all the other great things it has to offer."
,Recommended,228300,28869072,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,high on memes,"Тен липерс оф тенЗис ревью ис мейд фо ентертейнмент пурпосесВери хорошая локализейшн (нет, на самом деле. с загадок дико бомбил)Плэйэбл он ич дификултиДиззи сторилайн энд авесоме кэрэктрс.Кул футуристик интерфейс энд декорэйшнс мэйк ю фил атмосфере оф ниопэрис энд ю вил фол инту дэт гейм фор ухоле стори. Рекомендэд фор ловерс оф крайинг эт зэ энд."
76561197994713392,Recommended,228300,28751437,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lats,"Loved this game, the story, the art, the atmosphere, the music all great.One of the few games I decided to play through a bunch of times to try to get all the achievements.  Play time once you have gone all the way through is not too long, this could be taken as a plus or a minus depending on what you are looking for.My only quarm would have to be the camera, I did found it glitchy in quite a few spots in the game.Overall though I highly recommend it, just wish they would have released it on linux as well so I could play on my usual operating system."
,Not Recommended,228300,34827232,Posted: 8 September,all,Dracasis,"The story in Remember Me is very intriguing, the combat is fine but, after three hours, I cant keep playing and its entirely because of the camera. If you have any sensitivity to camera shake, do not buy this game. Even worse than all the camera sway and forced movement is the fact that I found myself constantly fighting it. The game resists allowing you to look up and even if you are standing still and manage the force the camera to look up at a poster or something interesting on the wall, after 5 seconds, the camera yanks it back down to mid level on its own. Its difficult to look at what I want to look at and far too frequently I found myself trying to move the camera in one direction while the game was pulling it in another making it feel super frustrating and clunky.It’s a super intriguing environment even with exploration elements but just taking a moment to observe the area was irritating. I want to know what happens but the camera is nauseating and frustration.3 out of 5"
76561198017076013,Recommended,228300,19107564,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Texelion,It's not that bad.- Batman
,Recommended,228300,10077327,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"This game is totally awesome! I am in love with the voice acting which is really well made! And the graphics are quiet nice, the story is absolut amazing! The Gameplay is reminding me a little bit on, Mirrors Edge, Tomb Raider, Assassins Creed and Batman Arkaham City. Its totally the money worth it!"
,Recommended,228300,1572024,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Jarbinger,Brilliant speculative fiction brought to life and seasoned with hand-to-hand combat and logic puzzles.  Defintiely some of the best storytelling and development to come out in gaming in a long time.
,Recommended,228300,34912569,Posted: 12 September,all,k.,"This game is pretty unique for me.First this game have cinematic element, deep story and emotional, unskippable cutscene (which I don't mind because I rarely skip cutscene in any games), prologue in each episode, and nice camera angle even sometimes it feels weird.Secondly this game has unique puzzle: scrambling/remix memory, and some environmental puzzle like in Tomb Raider.And, the combat in this game is focus on martial arts combo based. I can compare this to Sleeping Dogs, and instead of having a gun, you have some kind of ""digital"" force like in Star Wars.Storytelling is great combined by great voice acting, I can feel the emotional feelings of the character. Oh, and there is some plot twist too.I wish Capcom put a green light for the sequel.""How much I like enjoy this game""score:9/10How much I want to recommend this game score:9/10 - if you like Tomb Raider, Sleeping Dogs, or maybe Assassin's Creed you will like this game."
76561197968397561,Recommended,228300,7817680,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,antara,"Great art style, enjoyable story, some neat puzzle bits but falls down on the combat. The story and art is well worth your time just set it on easy and save yourself some aggrivation."
,Not Recommended,228300,9777357,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Deostr #Hankey,"Short, super linear beat-em-up. Does not require skill or tactics to complete. Beat it on the hardest difficulty in a laughably short time. The story was atrocious. The music was amazing. Very impressed with the music for this game. It fit the feel and utilized loops of music that actually evoked emotional responses from me. Every single time I heard the 'fear' music I would get nervous about the upcoming battle, even though there were no enemies that scared or even really challenged me. I would also feel a little thrill of excitment every time the combo completion music chimed. The composer went above and beyond for this game. But even with the masterful music, the game is crap. I wouldnt suggest this game, but if you do want to try it, wait for a sale."
76561198013812151,Recommended,228300,19882127,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bigbadwolfen,"A very nice take on cyber punk. A very under rated game. If you are looking for a good story and atmosphere with interesting character go for it. Gameplay wise the combat is a bit repetitve, but the puzzles are very nice and interesting.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228300,12079363,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cyotey,"Before I get into the actual review for the game I'd like to place some comments that I think should've been in other reviews prior to me buying this game.1. If you're looking for a game where you really get to know all the characters and lore of the world, then this game is going to be a bit of a disappointment.2. This game is not open world and is relatively short.3. I believe other reviewers overhype it a little. I am NOT saying this is a bad game.4. This game is not worth full price. Wait for a 70% to 80% sale.Before I continue I want to make clear that I am not smiting this game; nor will I make it sound like sci-fi Heaven. Remember Me is actually a hard game to place certain judgment. Like my comment said, you don't get to know any of the characters in depth except for the main character herself, Nillin. Neo Paris is definitely a work of art and it's torture to see how it looks in the background and knowing you will never explore it. But boy does it look beautiful. If you've played Mass Effect it would be most comparible with that series. The graphics in general is well done and detailed.The story is where I believe other reviewers overhyped. You start off lying on the ground being wiped of nearly all of your memory and a strange man named 'Edge' speaks to you over the intercom you have telling you what to do to save yourself. It starts off really confusing which I actually prefer since it adds interest rather than 'Okay here's exactly who you are and here's your exact destiny and goal'. I realize I've said this for the third time now but a huge factor in a story for me is getting to know allies and enemies well which doesn't happen. To be honest, I sometimes wondered how this got an M rating. Most of the things your friends and enemies say are very childish and rather laughable and/or annoying.The gameplay itself isn't top of the line but it is unique. You can customize your combos to give you either health, reduce your special skills downtime or increase the effect of one of these elements with a chain move. While this is unique, this isn't the highlight of this game. The highlight is the memory remixing. As Nillin you have special technology to go into people's brains and rewrite their memories by changing details; changing their outlook on life entirely. You can also steal memories to use yourself or drain enemies of their memories completely and kill them.Overall, I'd say this game is worth about $5-$8 dollars. There are aspects to it that I will definitely remember and I would recommend it on a hefty sale. To narrow it down, this is a combination of the combat style of the Batman Arkham games (minus the counters), the art style of Mass Effect, and the acrobatics of Uncharted and Tomb Raider (2013). If the developers made this an open world game with a much deeper background story and more content it would easily have been one of the greatest games ever released. If or when you play, you'll realize very quickly it had that potential."
,Recommended,228300,30001771,Posted: 17 February,all,kevinski,"Remember Me features gorgeous (and colorful) graphics and excellent world design, as well as an incredible soundtrack. The ""exploration"" is pretty limited, unfortunately, essentially consisting of mostly limited (and narrow) paths that serve little purpose other than to corral you from battle scene to battle scene. It doesn't help that the story is really, really dumb. It's hard to recommend the game on the basis of any of these things by themselves, but I daresay that the combat makes this game worth playing.I have a feeling that most people will disagree with me, but I think Remember Me's combat is the best part of the game. I don't know if I'm enjoying the combat for the wrong reasons, and I have a feeling that DONTNOD lucked into some of the more interesting aspects of the combat, but I think the combat in Remember Me hits its stride at the end of Chapter 4 and keeps you engaged through all of Chapter 7. Chapter 8 is absolute trash, though, and playing through it really made me wonder if DONTNOD even understands what makes Remember Me's combat so special.The problem with the combat for nearly half of the game is in how the game doles out your new abilities and introduces new enemies. I usually don't like games that require you to fight a bunch of weaker enemies while dealing with a stronger enemy, but Remember Me's combat thrives on this idea, and it actually made me appreciate the ins and outs of the combat system. You can unlock up to four different combos throughout the game, and you unlock individual moves that you can add to any given combo in order to change your attack attributes. Some attacks prioritize damage output, while others will heal you or decrease cool-down times for special abilities. Dealing with mobs of enemies really helps you to see the value in this battle system, as you're rewarded for taking risks with longer combos and customizing them according to each situation in order to prioritize certain attributes.For example, some enemies damage you whenever you hit them. You can kill them pretty easily if you don't mind burning some focus, but I think it's more interesting to simply customize a combo to prioritize healing. Alternatively, you can prioritize damage output for a longer combo for use against those enemies while milking other enemies for health with a shorter combo that prioritizes healing. It's actually really interesting.I doubt that we'll ever see a sequel to Remember Me, but I'd love to see this combat system implemented in a more cohesive way. I think it's worth experiencing, but I can understand why people who are used to the more polished experience of the Arkham games don't care for it. If you can pick it up cheap during a Steam sale, then I highly suggest playing until at least the end of Chapter 4 so you'll know for sure if you should stick with it. If you're impressed by that point, then you'll probably really enjoy the bulk of the game."
76561198064623007,Recommended,228300,10879316,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"Excellent art design, fun story, good combat mechanics. Biggest drawback is the lack of enemies, the ones that exist are mainly the same."
,Recommended,228300,8659969,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,‹Starworshippзr›,"A great, ""different"" sort of game.This has to be one of my favorite games of all times, I remember ""Pirating"" it when it came out, but I just HAD to buy it because I was so deeply in love. The concept is truly mind bending, especially if you're like me and overthink things. Playing with memories and the possible outcomes is just, fun to do!The combat is also really well done, it all flows together once you understand how combos work and how to maximimze your abilities.The graphics are also quite nice, not the best, but still.. I've managed a few great screenshots out of in game footage that I use as wallpapers, which is quite rare for me since I'm such a perfectionist.All in all, great game, amazing concept, pick it up~"
76561198007505559,Not Recommended,228300,34193946,Posted: 12 August,all,Hexus,"Bad- Many bugs, even after all years the game has been there: disappearing buttons, Nillin stucks somewhere and cannot move, scripts that should start but don’t - most of that can be 'fixed' by restarting from the last checkpoint.- Boring repetitive gameplay.- Fights gameplay is oversimplified and feels cheap- Music consists of badly stitched melody patterns, sometimes up to the point it's just a noise trash.- Whole story but ending is stupid as hell (Nillin, you need to steal a memory from a guy and fight him, tamper with memory of another - and fight, get into that prison and... yeah, right, steal memory and fight). You literally have to suffer through the game to reach the main, real, story at the end. Basically authors had a very good but short story and had to add all this middle game nonsense just to make this game longer.- Characters feel cheesy, cheap and shallow, like statists.Good- Design and artworks.- Interesting 'override memory' gameplay when you need to 'edit' a clip to reach some particular ending.- Some enemy types and bosses have more interesting fight mechanics, comparing to 80% of all other fights when you mostly just click to death.- EndingVerdictSave your money and time, skip this game"
76561197968598951,Not Recommended,228300,16416281,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chevy,"At barely 2 hours played I can't say if I've given this game a fair go - but I can't stand it. There's so much going on that it makes me feel mean to say how interminably DULL I think it is. It's a gorgeous world, it's got some interesting ideas, I just can't recommend it unless you're someone who loved and finished oni, mirror's edge AND hydrophobia. Bored me to quitting. The price is right at least."
,Not Recommended,228300,10835940,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[ECHO4423],So boring and unremakable I almost forgot I owned it.
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,228300,17654010,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Good voice work+Beautiful artwork+Good use of lighting+/- Remixing memories can be fun but can be a time waster and becomes boring-Buggy camera angles (sometimes wants to spin rapidly)-Some buggy controls when jumping-Console sized maps-Story-Not very creative gameplay-Buggy (example: after boss fights doors don't open sometimes) have to reload checkpoint and do fights all over.-Boss fights-Countdown for abilities-Music-Characters-Mass Effect meets Mirror's EdgeWhen on sale for 5 bucks yes. Anything over no.
76561198023159168,Not Recommended,228300,12790132,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Baltasar,"Remember Me is ambitious in its goal, but does it accomplish it?The setup is the developer wants you to trudge through about 10 hours of terrible story, pathetic game mechanics, and repetitive platforming to reach the ending.And what is the ending, you ask? Why it is a comedic masterpiece where the developer actually thinks someone would want to play or even cares about a sequel to this garbage with a clunky setup for the next installment in this series. Lulz, they thought they were going to make a sequel to this terrible game.It is so funny that it would almost make you not regret having ever played or even heard about this game.But it doesn't. Cuz this game is garbage.Even for free, you are better off spending your time doodling in MS Paint or staring at a blank word document.Story is bad, gameplay is a misleading word because this isn't fun to play, and logic & reason have no place in this game's universe.""Remember Me""? More like ""Nah. Forget I ever existed, please. KTHXBAI."""
76561197968551354,Not Recommended,228300,23135585,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Drugh,"Way too difficult for me.What a shame. This visually stunning game is too focused on its combat. They overdesigned it. I simply gave up after multiple attempts on a certain step not even far in the game. Sorry folks, if you don't manage to have an easy setting which allows me to enjoy the gorgeous game at my own pace, you lost it.Who came up with the stupid (!) idea that you can only chain combos against a single enemy. Designers, look at Batman or Mad Max and learn from this.Pro: Gorgeous settings, great story.Con: Too difficult, twitchy animation. The combo breaking interruptions by the other enemys killed the game for me at a too early stage.Such a shame."
76561197971532050,Not Recommended,228300,12678587,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Conditional Love,"Remember Me is like a rejected Ubisoft game; beautiful concept art, interesting story and novel game mechanics but then ruined by poor implementation. Could have been a good story game, or maybe a good Batman-Arkham-Asylum brawler but is poor at both.The entire game is one long frustrating tutorial. At least every 10 seconds you will be annoyed by:-Jarring Camera: camera locking, panning to a stupid cutscene, a bad camera angle, waiting for UI pop-up to time out-Can't control Character: your character freezing, slowing to a snails-pace walk to listen to an NPC on the radio/phone, or dumb 3D platforming-Bad controls: mouse poorly implemented,  you have to mash all the gamepad buttons [to do something simple, excesive button mashing (rewinding the memory video will wear out your left thumb & joystick)P.S. What is with french devs making games about Authoritarian Dystopias with wannabe RPG mechanics?"
,Not Recommended,228300,18320641,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Not Vaught,jesus christ no
76561198094833539,Not Recommended,228300,23681102,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BlackGazebo,"Let me start the review by saying something, I love this games concept. The idea of having memories be more than they are in the world we know around us is a very unique concept. I have always liked the story of the underdog fighting against corrupt corperations. But there is alot of flaws with this game. First off, it's in third person. Why? What is the point? You make a game about living through someone elses perspective and you make it so you feel distanced from the character. Not only that fact of the third person but the camera angles are very wierd. Why add ♥♥♥♥♥♥ parkour elements into this game? This is not the mirrors edge parkour its the godawful uncharted parkour. It feels out of place even in an adventure game, so why put it in a game not even related at all to parkour? It feels out of place and just breaks up the ""action"". The fighting in this game is so dumb you right click and left click to do unsatisfying combos that are bland at most."
,Not Recommended,228300,11694279,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Meh >-(..)-<,"Pathetic hipster disgrace. Not impressed, got headache instead. 5/10.— Boring plot, naïve pathetic cyber-punk.— Easy and boring battles. When in danger, just press jump.— Mouse they considered is just another analog stick.— Camera induces motion sickness. Seriously, I took pill 10 minutes before writing this review."
,Not Recommended,228300,17936150,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,jfernandos,"This is the worst game I've played in years.Story:7/10Nothing impressive, but not so simple either.Graphics:8/10They look pretty good in 1080p, the textures and details of the scenario are impressive.Gameplay:0/10The combat system is HORRIBLE. The camera is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, doesn't let you see the enemies proprely, the protagonist is terrible at dodging the enemies hits' and she doesn't do much.The game is pretty linear and frustrating, I've been playing on Memory Hunter (hardest difficulty) and I keep dying due to camera issues and a bad combat system in general.Don't buy it, it's not worthy it."
,Not Recommended,228300,5245479,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,AstralPro,"The perfect game....if you like an average grade story, bugy camera controls and a character who controls like a pile of bricks on a unicycle in combat"
76561198005845615,Not Recommended,228300,19179676,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ParaSiafu,"I love the world design, but the game play feels terrible and awkward and offputting.If you can buy this game cheap, then by all means try it, but I really have to force myself to continue playing it."
76561197965047635,Not Recommended,228300,32965120,Posted: 28 June,all,Twitch,"It is my own fault. I knew better, but I bought it anyway. Too bad. I really wanted to like this game.Want a good story? Too bad.Want good voice acting? Too bad.Want freedom? Too bad.Want customization? Too bad.Want cringy moments? This is the game for you.Want good graphics for its time? This game looks very nice.The story. My god, this clunky story was such a good concept but it has been executed so poorly. The voice acting is terrible. Why so cringy?! The dialogue is so bad.The music sounds nice, but is above the quality of the game so it feels out of place.YOU HAVE NO FREEDOM! - You move in a straight line. Go here. Do this. No real exploration. You cant even really fight however you want. You have to establish pre-existing combos that you are not allowed to deviate from if you want to survive. The leveling system allows you to unlock more combo slots but who the hell cares? You unlock combos so that you HAVE to use them in combat.There is no real customization.Basically, its a story you are forced to play out that is very cringy with boring combat.You are just COMPLETELY micromanaged. Just don't. Or do, and end up naked and jacking it in San Diego."
76561198077338154,Recommended,228300,25161441,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TheraNord,"One of the best games I've ever played.The environment although linear was amazing to look at and the world felt alive and was full of motion.The story was great and Nilin is a great character,although the story could use some more depth it's good enough to enjoy it.The combat was an interesting part of the game but not very well implemented,it gets quite repetitive near the end even with the addition of new combos.Here's a list of things that sum up the game:An interesting world with a lot of potential and a unique artistic style.A great soundtrack wich I personaly admire,one of the best I've ever heard.Intersting characters with undeveloped backstories.Challengeing battles and new enemy types wich require different strategies as the game goes on.A bunch of visually stunning boss battles.A great story wich could use some more depth but is good nonetheless.A kind of uncomfortable build-your-own combo system.Great voice acting.If you're a fan of cyberpunk games but don't want to pay full price for the game wait for a sale and buy it."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,228300,15937477,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Razter,Bad. Posted long review but it keeps deleting it when I thumbs down
,Not Recommended,228300,14191232,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Enukonda,"Remember me has amazing graphics and a beatiful world you would want to explore but you cant because the game is too linear to allow it. You will find yourself climbing more than Nathan Drake and Lara Croft ever had to in their entire life till you face a battle scene with henchmen who call you ''lil lady'' even tough Nilin (main protagonist) is like 30 year's old, you try to fight them but you realise that you can only do 3 thing's punch, kick and dodge. There are 2 things that try to fix the boring combat first a menu called combo lab wich lets you augment your punches and kicks with different properties like healing or cooldown decrease for powers. Then Powers wich will buff you with more strength or stun all enemies around you but these are not enough to save the combat from feeling boring and repetitive. All in all remember me has a fun unique story wich has segments where you alter memories and impressive graphics but because of the boring and repetitive gameplay i cant recommend it."
76561197995983507,Not Recommended,228300,17553511,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tasty Doorstop,"The gameplay in Remember Me shines at points, but falls flat on its♥♥♥♥♥which came to me as much of a disappointment.  the worst and most annoying game changer, the terrible camera angles. I often felt that I was fighting with the camera more than the Leapers."
76561198068691259,Not Recommended,228300,17463151,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,snakepit70,"It's unfortunate, but I can't recommend this game UNLESS IT'S ON SALE.The Story is GREAT. You play a woman unsure of her past while battling through the future. Altering memories in her wake. The idea of the game is good, but the world, while beautifully done, is very linear. There is no exploration at all. You will go where the you are supposed to go. No where else. Which brings down the replay value.The fighting system is fun, in that you pick the values of each part of a combo. HOWEVER, the combo doesn't reach beyond one enemy. So getting a max combo is very hard to accomplish unless there is only one enemy to face. If you get hit or move out of the away to avoid a hit, the combo starts over. Had it carried on in a sort of ""free flow"" then it would have been much better.OVERALL: 5/10"
76561198003022251,Not Recommended,228300,10241582,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kyzzer,"Solid game, with some interesting mechanics; particularly the mind hacking mechanic was a lot of fun.  But like many games today it was altogehter too short.  I'm pretty sure I beat this game in one sitting on a Saturday.  The story was obvious, the mechanics while clever where ultimately shallow due to the length of the game.  At full price I can't recommend this game...might be worth it if you pick it up for $20 or less though."
76561197972443320,Not Recommended,228300,12651406,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,TheOrbbro,"Much of the reviews are bang on.  Interesting idea and story, poor follow through.  It would not be so bad, especially from a sale (which is how I bought it) if the game mecanics (especially the fighting mecanics) weren't so bad.  It got so frustrating that I simply didn't want to continue.  Too bad..."
,Recommended,228300,11646324,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,kdodds,"I picked this one up during a sale and, man, what a deal.  EASILY worth the current $29.99 full price for the Sci-Fi fan.  I would classify this more as a Story Rich Adventure title so far.  I'm only a couple of hours in, but the Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥influence is clearly there.  It is very much like playing through a Blade Runner type movie/game and in a very good way with some new and interesting elements.  The melding of cybernetics, computers, and humanity into every day life, even in slums, is very well done and convincing.  The back story is simple enough to get you going and unfolds as you go.  For me, this is THE sleeper title of my year and I highly recommend the more casual adventure fan, particularly if they're also a sci-fi fan, pick this one up."
76561198151790373,Not Recommended,228300,18336528,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jason_guy_yeah,"Found a glitch on a fight scene where if the character is in the corner fighting, the view is stuck on the wall and can't see what the character is doing."
,Not Recommended,228300,18224774,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Equveni,"Just like Assassin’s Creed: promising story and interesting world wraps a repetitive gameplay. Actually, it's more like a railroaded AC: you can't even travel freely in the city, you follow the one and only path, and if you see an open area at the end of the tunnel, you can prepare for yet another unnecessary fight."
,Not Recommended,228300,18428725,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,strumpet101,"Actually I sort of do and sort of don't recommend this. I'm only a couple of hours in - Made it to nearly the end of episode 0 or 1 or whatever it is.  I find it very frustrating to have to sit through slow dialogue - can't press the space bar to move it along. And there was some very long and involved explanation of powers and combo points but as far as I can tell, you just mash the left mouse, space and dodge.The view is sometimes very cramped and hard to get visibility in- but if I wasn't so spoiled it might be a good story and world."
76561198025669461,Not Recommended,228300,18207779,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ifjzolee,"Very bad viewpoint, after 30 minutes my eyes were dying. Other than that controlling the character is a mess. It didn't worth the 5 euros."
,Not Recommended,228300,16502743,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dohtoor,Couldn't make myself play this game after 2/3 or something like that. After they explained the story before the end game basically became pointless.
76561197971208558,Not Recommended,228300,16408206,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fhtagn,"This game is awful. Really, really awful.I tried to stick it out... I quit during the 5th chapter because I just couldn't take anymore terrible, nonsensical combat, movement, and plot.The graphics are gorgeous, but what are gorgeous graphics in a world of broken game mechanics?"
76561197997023160,Not Recommended,228300,34749338,Posted: 4 September,all,Thrus,Felt like I was playing a movie and the on the first boss there is a quicktime event to beat him where you punch and then rotate a joystick right. I don't know about you but I don't have a ♥♥♥♥ing joystick on my keyboard or mouse.
,Not Recommended,228300,20035872,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Time Fiddler,"I bought this because I loved Dontnod's second game, ""Life is Strange."" I also bought it because of Steam sale. I just spent 9 hours playing this and beat it. I reget both decisions.I can see how the studio grew from Remember Me's beginnings, including seeds that would blossom into Life is Strange's time travel mechanic. It wasn't worth the time I spent frustratingly playing this game, though. Just watch a Let's Play and support Dontnod by buying your friends copies of Life is Strange. That game is genuinly my 2015 GOTY, and that comes from a Metal Gear Solid fanatic who adored MGSV.To get into more specifics: the gameplay is really plain/frustrating/stupid/immersion-breaking, only punctuated by its most unique aspect of ""remixing memories"" around 3 times total out of my 9 hours of gameplay. The rest is spent holding up and jumping around a lot, along with the most annoying and frustrating combat system and enemy AI routines you can imagine. Its not worth your frustration.Oh, and the writing is god-awful. The voice acting for the guy who talks to you throughout the game couldn't be flatter if it tried. Its very obvious they went and got a French native to try to act in English. Or if they didn't it sure feels like it, much like most flat acting that you might find in some of Quantic Dream's very obvious characters with French actors speaking with an American accent. Thank god they got some great actors for Life is Strange.But really, just go play Life is Strange instead of this."
,Not Recommended,228300,27418902,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Samwise,"What could have been an awesome, new, interesting cyberpunk, open-world, parkour/action game turned out to be a boring, linear, uninteresting, bland and draining experience."
,Recommended,228300,15795451,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,garcius1,My review on GameDroid:http://gamedroid.sfportal.hu/on-the-sea-of-remembrances-1039.htmlHungarian version:http://gamedroid.sfportal.hu/emlekek-tengeren-1027.html
,Not Recommended,228300,15827554,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Justin Cray,"Horrible camera controls, confusing game system."
,Not Recommended,228300,25922646,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,betasec,"Smotheringly linear, boring characters, boring and utterly limited combat system, alway repeating schematic events, not a good time at all."
,Not Recommended,228300,10434680,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,zerorelative,"Worst port to PC ever.  The story is so-so, the protaganist is good but supporting characters are not good.  The horrific combat mechanic makes me want to scream, and the story is not good enough to override the bad controls and glitchy gameplay."
76561198071514311,Not Recommended,228300,15835747,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,"O Taco, Where Art Thou?",You are given a beautiful and interesting environment but you don't get to explore it.. The game is on rails and outfitted with annoying combat and a mediocre story. Go play Deus Ex instead.
,Not Recommended,228300,12267042,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Corporal Creatine,"don't buy this game. It's okay, but so okay that it's not even worth talking about, let alone play it."
,Recommended,228300,7391619,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,JohnWick2,wow
,Not Recommended,228300,9577164,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Smeck,"The story and the gameplay promise a good game, and it probably is when you're playing it on a console.The pc version however is a very poor console port with buggy camera's, twitching gameplay and illogical icons and key combinations. It actually took me a websearch to find out which buttons to press during the icons on QTE since it wasn't explained earlier. To give an example: a circle with an arrow in a circular motion around it apparently means ""press spacebar"".I really had my hopes up from for the apparent good storyline, but for me it's not worth wrecking my keyboard in frustration when the camera decides to take scenic shots during yet another retry of a bossfight."
76561198038930002,Not Recommended,228300,15311851,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Armstrong,"pro: love the setting - it is vibrant and beautifully made.con: the controls are crapcon: I keep getting stuck at boss-fights even at the lowest difficulty setting (currently this stupid robot)for a game at this price to be unable to experience 2/3 of the content (that's where I'm stuck now...) is utterly inacceptable. ""dont buy"" is my strong recommendation."
,Not Recommended,228300,14704283,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Living Giant-Free!,"Other than the underutilized memory remix segments, ""Remember Me"" lacks originality or innovation, or any compelling reason to spend time with it."
,Not Recommended,228300,14969284,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Chancellor of Funk and Groove,"Do not buy this game.While the world design is gorgeous, and the soundtrack pretty great, the game is seriously marred by a flawed, sluggish combat system, glitchy camera, and stale, repetitive gameplay.  Unfortunately, the story itself ended up rather plodding and predictable as well.I'd love to see more from this world, but it needs some serious revisions across the board before I'd consider picking up another title from either the developers or this particular series."
,Recommended,228300,7741483,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,somini,"Now here's something you don't see every day. A bona-fide sci-fi game not about shooting? And it's set in Neo-Paris? This game brilliantly plucks a simplified version of God Hand and adds an interesting story about an amnesiac elite keyboard cowgirl, but for memories. Both the visual and auditory elements are the best modern gaming has to offer. I predict this will become a cult classic and, just like Eidos Montreal, really want to see what DONTNOD has to offer in their next game.GOTY 2013"
76561198013050985,Recommended,228300,9174555,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ruibarian,"Very good little story game, the combat mechanics are cool and fairly smooth. If you're looking for an action/adventure game with a thought provoking story, look no farther."
,Recommended,228300,24450528,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MortAss,"this is a playable movie. you dont really need anybrains to get thro this game. and i like this when i feeling lazy but not lazy enough to watch a movie.(trust me you'll get everyinfo on what,where and when you'll need to do things)sure there is 8 button combos, but you can get thro the game whit just the XXX combomake sure you got a controller for this game, it's quite♥♥♥♥♥♥whit mouse n keyborad"
76561198260749649,Recommended,228300,22774816,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SnowGillingham,I really enjoyed Remember Me. It has a great storyline and simple but satisfying combat. I this game never seams to end. (spoiler it does eventually)overall great game10/10 would win again.
,Recommended,228300,22753884,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ChromaTek Digital,Amazing! 10/10
76561198091109923,Not Recommended,228300,12956470,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,fleshmeatdoll,"this is a very poorly designed game which has almost nothing interesting going for it from the start.the game knows only one way to be played and that way is executed in the most uninspired way possible. i purchased this because i was intrigued by the distopian setting. however, right away, i was quickly turned of by the poor gaming mechanics. the story didn't present anything new but stereotypes. ""remember me"" is basically unplayable.i had hoped the game gets better but at episode 3, i have lost all hope.what is the problem? well, first of all it is a long corridor of a game, there is no exploration, the world is dead and cannot be delved into. occasionally, the game throws two choices of directions at you, one will lead to a bonus pick-up, the other continuous the corridor. it is not obvious which is which but if you are unlucky to choose the continuous path first, the game will put a wall behind you which prevents you from getting the bouns from the othe path.some of the vista look interesting with people and shops, but these cannot be interacted with, so there is practically a detachment between what you do and what is going on in the world.This is re-inforced by the way of traversing the environment. climbable areas are marked by flashy graphics or distance indicators. this could be a horizontal ridge in 2 meter height. this you could jump to. but don't expect to travers a small barricade of 1m cardboard boxes. these are insurmountable barriers in the game.occasionally you will reach the end of a corridor, surrounded by high walls. from the konowledge of the world you would know because of lack of indicators that you couldn't possibly ""escape"" that area. yet, the game will bring up a cut scene which makes it somehow possible. this becomes predictable soon.the point is, the game is completele unintuitive, things that should be logically possible are not, impossible things are somehow possible. eventually, you feel mucked by this, because the game forces you onto a path that you couldn't possibly comprehend as a person in the world in advance. you are stumbling through corridors...than, there are fighting scenes. the system is kind of intruiging, but umplayable because of the out-of controll camera. it basically surmounts to panic clicking of buttons while the camera gives no view of what is going on.finally, there are scenes of ""memory manipulation"" while the control mechanism is a joke, this was the only part that was interesting in the game, because you get intrigued about what effect each manipulation had.perhaps the game would have been more interesting if they had cut the traversing in corridors between memory manipulation mini games.i cannot recommend this game."
76561198094262540,Not Recommended,228300,12973196,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Code MD,"SF world which reminds me of Blade Runner's style. This game would be nice if the combat was more user-friendly. Esentially this is a series of boss-fights coonected with some climbing and finding of stuff, with some story elements. Music you hae to love or hate, luckily its loudness can be lowered. Conclusion:  I have had my fill with conami, capcom etc. and should know better than to try such games."
,Not Recommended,228300,13124356,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DeLuman,"I wish there was a ""meh"" button instead of the yes and no for if this game is recomended.  It wasn't good.  It wasn't bad.  It was dissapointing though and the plot was a mess and to me personally that doesn't make up for the sometimes beautiful graphics you get to be treated to occasionally and the very good music.  All of that combined I'm more inclined to not recomend this game to others than to recomend it."
,Not Recommended,228300,23087718,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Adivanroot,"The game itself has good overall (storyline, graphics nd stuff) but camera look and controls are really bad. I mean its 2016 and do you still trying to figure best human input style? Damn I just deleted the entire game after 2 episodes because of unbalanced vertical and horizontal mouse look. Felt like I try to save the world with my neck has cold struck."
76561198093363183,Not Recommended,228300,30479806,Posted: 12 March,all,Smackm0nk3y,"I found the game boring. I only made it through for 1 hour until I just had to quit.  The combat system needs work, the parkour is just too simple to enjoy, the voice acting is not very good overall, and I hate the camera angles.  I got to where I had to alter my first memory and I was bored.Plus everyone looks like they have a fried egg on the back of their neck."
,Not Recommended,228300,12601468,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mokubai,"Could have been great, exploring the possibilities of memory alteration and its ramifications, but ended up as one long massively glorified quicktime event.I kept wanting to like this game. I kept going back to it in the hopes it would get better or grow on me.  I really did want to like it.  The graphics, music, story and characters truly are all great and I loved the artistic world that has been created.  The game truly does *look* great.  What lets it down is everything else.The trailer gives you the impression that the game centers around being able to modify peoples memories.  From that I had gotten the feeling that you could ""stealth around"" enemies or convert them rather than rely on direct confrontation every time. Sadly though the memory remix moments are few and far between and they are (like the game in general) far too linear, there being only one ""right"" way to remix the memory.  This seems like a bit of a missed opportunuty in my opinion, there could have been so much more focus on the memory scrambling and altering abilities in the game.What little story there is between chases, telegraphed bosses and too-long quicktime chain cutscenes made me want to carry on to see how it went. The story is actually compelling and interesting and I wanted to see if/how the character could grow.  But time and again the QTE based fighting and QTE based running away along with the stiffling train-track limited ""open"" world the game was just ruined.I liked the main character, her self questioning, her reassessment of what she had become forcing us to question our own motives and morals.But with a combat system that is more an exercise in futile button mashing and enemy avoidance than actual combat I really cant recommend this to any but the most die-hard of QTE fans."
76561198016717612,Recommended,228300,12450387,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,FlyingHelicopter,I like it.
,Not Recommended,228300,12571287,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,EnerGizer,"too generic, engine very unoriginal, reminds me of a bad mirrors edge / assassins creed clone.all that wouldn't be that bad if the story wouldve been good, but its just predictable and stale.to top all that, there are too many scripted events and too many ""oneways"""
,Not Recommended,228300,12577249,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,mdwyer,"Gawd, I really want to recommend this game.  It is just so beautiful!  But it is just so painful to play!  The biggest problem is that the core of the game is the fight mechanics, which are terrible button-mashing gymnastics to get the right combo for the right enemy at the right time.  Meanwhile, the parts of the game that are actually /awesome/ -- editing of memories, and exploring the beautiful world -- is only used a tiny number of times.I really want you to spend your money on this game, because I want some stuffed shirt in an office somewhere to think that building great neo-cyberpunk is a safe bet.  But I just can't in good faith recommend it.You know, there's an art book for this game.  Maybe you should just buy that?"
76561198172746909,Not Recommended,228300,34351058,Posted: 19 August,all,Triet,"The storyline is kind of interesting, but it doesn't make up for the lackluster gameplay.Pros:Beautiful game--they put a lot of detail into every areaThe story and cutscenesThe memory remix minigame advertised on the Steam page is as interesting as it sounds. Unfortunately, you only get to do it four times throughout the game.Cons:90% of the game is button mashy combat. Punch Punch Punch all the generic zombies and soldiers to death for nine levels.The levels show you a huge world in the background, but the path you take is very linear,Many collectibles scattered throughout each stage that you cannot backtrack for, as you will often find that doors close behind you and the game autosaves, locking you out of previous parts of the level. In order to get the things you missed, you'd better enjoy restarting the level from the beginning.If the story interests you, I recommend reading the Wikipedia page or finding the cutscenes on Twitch/Youtube. I can't recommend anyone spend $30 on a game that is such a chore to play."
,Not Recommended,228300,20610475,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mr_FancyPants,"Boring combat, Bad controls and the worst camera in history made me refund this game. story could have been good if the rest was not that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,228300,35223626,Posted: 26 September,all,Desmight,"It's good.Score: 7,5/10."
76561198031475181,Not Recommended,228300,9638204,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Brugalation,"Interesting story, to bad the controls and gameplay are horrible. Towards the 5th - 6th chapter the controls become so unbearable when fighting enemies that it becomes more of a chore."
76561198000730577,Not Recommended,228300,9727352,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Selphie12,"This is one of the most rage inducing games I have played in so long. It commits nearly every cardinal sin of gaming. It's repetitive, annoying, spammy and every single bossfight is done via quicktime events. There isn't any point in the combat system that i'd say ""Yep, it's fun"". It's just a series of endlessly respawning dudes while you mash the LMB. I say mashing the LMB because at a certain point in the game, it just becomes too much work to actually get a combo out without being interrupted or having the system spazz out and switch your combo halfway through.Anyone who was thinking of buying the game for the story, like I did, think again. The premise is interesting but the game has plenty of plotholes, along with the long despised ""Get the story narrated in the load screen then never speak of it for the rest of the level"" style that so many people seem to go with.Not to mention, Nilin isn't incredibly interesting. For all the hype the game got about ""demanding a female character"" I can't think of a single reason why, other than to make their game completely parallel with Tomb Raider. Nilin has little to no personality. Not once does she stop and ask herself WHY she's doing the things she is. She escapes the people who stole her memories and then just automatically listens to the first guy she meets. For all she knows he's actually the evil one, but not once in my entire playthrough did she even consider it.Mind you, I only got in halfway to the game cos I was so infuriated by the first half. It was not fun, and I have no intention of dragging my way through the muck for an ending that may or may not ever redeem the rest. Buyer, you have been warned."
76561197985580293,Not Recommended,228300,9624647,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Krueller,"Played the game from start to finish in just over 14 hours. The graphics are beautiful, the storyline is excellent and the overall atmosphere was great. A few things that lack in this game like a parry system, there is no way to block incoming attacks. The chevrons that tell you where to go next take all the fun out of trying to get to the next area and the lack of exploring (none of the shops, etc) you only have a set path to follow. Also, the mobs are the same and are a little annoying and repetative. This game also has a function where you can rewrite the past and tap into peoples memories. This happens 4 times and is challenging but makes the game feel as if it lacks content as it is limited. Overall, the lack of open world explorability combined with the repetaive mobs and the lack of game content made me sad. Unfortunately, I wish I had known about this before purchasing it (on sale for approx $9.99) as I probably would have passed."
,Recommended,228300,34337664,Posted: 18 August,all,Kriang0,"This game is awesome. The gamedesign (and the design overall) is great, as well as the gameplay! I can only recomend this game to you!"
,Recommended,228300,9558167,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,pH Zero Acidized,I <3 This game.First off this game has a great story that pulls you right in.The combat feels like the batman games but has a great soundtrack to go with it.And the graphics are pretty.
,Recommended,228300,34239595,Posted: 14 August,all,zest,"A decent game with beautiful graphics, interesting story and nice character design but somehow damaged by the blunt combat mechanics and repetitive gameplay.65/100"
76561198139382198,Not Recommended,228300,23151109,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nanito444,This game is not fun for the following reasons-Story is bland-Gameplay could be better-No upgrades-Voices are rather badFollows the fighting mechanics as in the batman games but on this is just worse.
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,228300,34948730,Posted: 14 September,all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"Love the setting, idea is brilliant and the graphics are first rate... but all of this can't make up for the horrible, I repeat, HORRIBLE gameplay. I uninstalled after a bit."
76561198075202999,Not Recommended,228300,16079270,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jakuzi,"It's ironic that the title of this game is Remember Me, because the developers and writers seem to forget the theme of the game within an hour of booting it up. Between an unfocused story line, weak dialogue, a hamfisted approach to making the game cinematic, a repetitive combat system, a poorly thought out exploration system (exploration is downplayed because the game is completely linear but there are little pick ups for those willing to take a few steps off the path, some of them flesh out the lore of the game, which could just be available to the player from the start) and a basically non-existent attempt to blend the story and the game aspects, the only real thing going for Remember Me is the distinct visual style. The game is gorgeous but bland, the only gameplay aspect that really mixes things up is the memory remix mechanic, which is utilized in game 4 times throughout the entire thing, for a total of less than an hour of any kind of unique experience.Just don't bother."
,Not Recommended,228300,34791157,Posted: 7 September,all,erichzanne,"This game looks pretty good, but the gameplay bad.  The fighting system is tedious and after a certain point they stop adding new enemies and just add more and more waves of tedious battle.  They also do this with bosses."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,228300,16191573,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sinatr,"Key feature is investigating others memories and changing them is .. boring. E.g. Mass effect's cinematics (where you right click or left click do act good or bad accordingly) is waaay better idea to influence on what will happens.Pros:- beauteful surroundings;- rich story;- visually appealing combat;- definetely AAA game.Cons:- crappy PC version: camera, UI navigation (menu-submenu-submenu and then all way back to close instead of quick keys for everything, we have 102 keys ALT/CTRL/SHIFT for reason), no intro skip, checkpoint saving without way to go back;- ""corridor-alike"" gameplay, exploring is not rewarding, nor you can go somewhere away;- non-skippable LOUD intros (it ignores in-game sound volume settings, literally BLOWING with that ""NVIDIA"" intro upon launch and I am ATI fan tbh), I know advertisemens are must, but making them this way deserves a sweet hit into balls.. at least;- acrobatic is overrated, really, there is no need to have so much, it's easy, but time-consuming, coupled with crappy camera it makes gameplay more like annoying.P.S.: threat this as a first impression, but it's definetely agains finishing this game of spending at least 5 more minutes with it. Not recommended for PC users."
,Recommended,228300,24525702,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,GaiusBertus,"I would lump this game in the same group as Bioshock: Infinite in the sense that it's beautiful and full of great ideas and potential, but essentially hampered by lackluster gameplay and not as philosophical as it would’ve wanted in the end. The world is interesting and some of the levels are amazingly detailed and it would’ve been amazing if this game had been a (A)RPG with some C&C. However, we are delivered a linear action game with some climbing that’s even simpler than Assassin Creed’s. Luckily Dontnod redeemed themselves with the excellent Life if Strange and their next game, Vampyr, looks interesting as well at this point.That being said, there are some really nice scenes in Remember Me, the (too few) memory remixes are interesting and the story is decent, so I can still recommend this if it’s in a sale."
,Not Recommended,228300,30366761,Posted: 6 March,all,Soharmanx,"This is an incredibly beautiful game/story ruined by an absolutely horrific combat system.  Imagine playing Arkham Asylum only without the ability to counter when a bad guy interrupts your combo chain. Instead, you can only dodge about and constantly reset said combo chain.  Which wouldn't be so bad if combos weren't a requirement for a) reloading your actually useful skills b) healing c) dealing specific damage to mini bosses.  It's awful.  I can't understand how anyone got past the demo version of this and said ""Yup, this feels organically frustrating, let's go with it.""  The fact that you can customize the combos doesn't help other than you can change the simple three button one - aka the only  one you'll consistently be able to do -  to whatever you really need at the moment.  Because there's no way you'll ever be able to pull off the five or seven combos with enough regularity to get through the game.  I've had this for months now, and still haven't bothered to beat it because I can't stand the fighting system after only thirty minutes or so of playing.If you can just watch the story bits on Youtube that's probably better than buying this game, even on sale."
76561198013912307,Recommended,228300,16297826,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Roose,"Tentative Recommendation:Overall, a decent cyberpunky game with one excellent game mechanic.First off, most of the gameplay is an incredibly easy version of what you would find in one of the Batman Arkham games. None of the fights are particularly challenging. The one interesting mechanic presented in the game is called ""remixing,"" wherein you watch a memory of a character and then attempt to alter certain aspects of it in order to manipulate their memory. It's a neat idea and pretty fun, but only happens maybe four times total throughout the entire game.The story itself takes place in a cyber-punky version of Paris wherein memories have become the most valuable form of currency. Again, it's a neat sort of idea but is basically left unexplored and as a result does not make a great deal of sense if you stop to think about the world a bit. The story starts off fairly interesting, but begins to peter out and finishes with a total letdown of an ending.If you decide to try it, get it on sale for 5-10 dollars or so."
,Recommended,228300,12085930,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Evil Morty,11/10 would Remember to play again.
76561198089442875,Not Recommended,228300,11865510,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,supern0va3000,Boring gameplay and story.This game looked better in trailers and photos than in the game itself...
76561198027961805,Not Recommended,228300,17718065,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bane902,"You mostly do two things in this game, climbing stuff and beating stuff up and neither of these two things are any fun in this game, a forgettable experience that I lost my intrest in 3 hours into the game and forced myself through it."
,Not Recommended,228300,14388297,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mackensen,"Very good graphic design, an interesting story and a cool gameplay system to rebuild memories.But the combat is just awfull, the rest of the gameplay is boring and the music is annoying."
,Not Recommended,228300,20105554,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Acurapassion,"I wish there was an option for a mixed opinion, because I know others might enjoy the game, I just didn't.The game is essentially just a virtual tour, of an admittedly nice looking world, but with a very on rails experience. There's really not much strategy or decision making to it at all, you simply follow the markers everywhere, or engage in very bland fist fights, that quickly become reptitive, with memory zombies. Also, apparently all it takes to heal yourself is punching or kicking in a combo..In the about an hour I played the game, hardly anything was explained about the world, it stated what things were but, they never actually explained why things were. How does a memory keeping company produce and throw away such a large volume of corpses? And why are some half alive, acting and speaking like Smeagol/Gollum? Why is there an underworld in 'Neo-Paris' with all these beings running freely? Perhaps later on things are better explained, but something about it tells me probably not.To be honest, I really wanted to enjoy the game, I had never heard of it before, saw it on the steam sale and thought it looked pretty awesome. But all these things I've stated just hold me back from enjoying it, I was just forcing myself to play more and more, but just getting more and more bored with it. It's a great looking game, but just doesn't have much for gameplay.. So, for now I'm refunding it."
,Not Recommended,228300,20452198,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Arekanderia,"Probably one of the worst games I've ever played. The amount of rehash and blatant theft from other games is ridiculous and the developers should feel completely ashamed of themselves.I started playing this game in a good mood while streaming it, and had to quit the game about 3 hours in cause of how absolute garbage it was for both me and the viewers.Don't waste your money; if you really feel like subjecting yourself to this garbage, torrent it first.I wish you could rate games out of 5 stars so I could complain that there was no way to give a negative amount of stars."
76561198163549239,Recommended,228300,21397301,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Akayaofthemoon,"Love this game. The controls were a bit difficult but that made it all the more fun but I do suggest a mouse XD It is a great story and plot plus it is just beautiful to look at and check out everything. I am going to play it again and look for the things I probably missed. If you love combos and kicking some tail than this is a game for you. Throw in the uniqueness that I am not going to spoil and you have got a great game! Seriously, you won't regret getting this game!"
76561198121213303,Recommended,228300,21420250,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,omfgchaos,I Sped through the game fairly fast. The story is AMAZING. Gameplay is also pretty great.
76561198171016179,Recommended,228300,21425815,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Crimsonec,A very good game.
76561198306510667,Recommended,228300,23682172,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DogPen,Realy nice game
76561197998954904,Not Recommended,228300,23754877,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,glaakiman,"I wanted to like this game.  I did.  I played through about half of it, but while the combat is engaging enough, the rest of the game is a mess.  You are never really given any sort of motivation for you character, nor are you ever really made to like her.  You are performing actions because you are playing a game, not because you really have any choice in the matter.  The lack of connection leads to an utter lack of immersion in the game.What finally made me quit, though, was one of the ""memory editing"" sequences.  Through an incredibly kludgy interface, you are supposed to rewind and fast-forward through memories finding ""glitches"" and altering them.  Pick the right combination and you achieve your goal.  The interface is awful and the mouse-waving and right-clicking are finicky at best, which makes having to go back and try other combinations really boring and awful. These sequences aren't common, but having to wade through an annoyance to get back to a lackluster game made me finally ask myself why I wasn't playing something else..."
76561198007661257,Not Recommended,228300,15862710,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Quicksilver,Fighting the camera controls and the UI should not be the primary challenge aspect of a game.
,Recommended,228300,12237427,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Alex_Master,"Excellent story and the way it reveals itself with its plot twists is awesome. The only cons are the various bugs along the gameplay. At some points the game stopped and I had to repeat a Boss Fight all over again in two different game bosses simply because nothing happened after I beat them. It was necessary for me to beat his thugs before hitting him with the final sequence to finish him, because otherwise the game stops and Nilin stays in combat stance and you have to restart from checkpoint. The climbing system is cool but excessively linear. The game tells you exactly where to climb and you don't have much of a choice, except in getting the collectibles. Excluding these minor problems, i recommend this game because of the excellent plot.Portugues:Excelente enredo e forma como a história se revela aos poucos com suas reviravoltas. Os únicos defeitos são os bugs e a jogabilidade. Em alguns pontos o jogo bugou e eu tive que repetir a Boss Fight em dois chefões diferentes do jogo simplesmente porque não acontecia nada depois que eu os derrotava. Era necessário que eu derrotasse os capangas deles antes de dar a última sequencia de hits para terminar com ele, porque senão o jogo bugava e ficava parado, sem nada acontecer e a personagem em posição de combate. A forma de escalar paredes é legal mas excessivamente linear. O jogo te diz exatamente onde subir ou descer e não dá muita escolha, exceto para conseguir os colecionáveis. Fora esses pequenos defeitos, recomendo por causa do excelente enredo."
76561198244363032,Recommended,228300,25501447,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,UbivTnomal,"I originally started to play Remember Me on PS3 as a PSN freebie. It was okay but nothing I ever went back to. During one of many Steam sales, I decided to give it another go since I felt I didn't give it a real chance on PS3. The first thing I noticed, do NOT play this with a Steam controller. No matter how I tried to configure the touch pad to simulate a right analog stick for camera control, it absolutely would not work correctly. Use a Xbox 1 controller or forget about it.Initially I thought the main character, Nilin was a bit unusual. Mainly because she looked Black and Black women are almost never featured in games not to mention featured as a main character. But I like her design and the motion capture for her walk is sexy so there's that. Later I found out she's biracial and although it felt like a bit of a cop-out (the design world still doesn't have the stones to actual design a Black lead family for a story such as this), I still thought Nilin's design was overall well done if a bit of a let down in a way, considering how the story progresses and the scene in the car. The graphics in general are really good with some great lighting and details. The art direction for Neo Paris is very impressive even by today's standards (3 years later in a GTX 10.x world).Combat is a bit clunky but functional allowing for players to build custom combos through unlockables. These combos can also restore health, deal more damage or reduce cool down times for specials. It works, but does take some getting used to. Anyone familar with games like Devil May Cry or God of War will definitely see the not-so-subtle rip off of the combat style and mechanics. But as I mentioned, combat is functional if not adding anything interesting or new. For my tastes, it simply doesn't flow as well as Devil May Cry or Bayonetta and it doesn't have the impact of God of War.Speaking of borrowing from other games, there is a lot borrowed from the Uncharted series in terms of stage navigation. Constant climbing, shimmying across and scampering through various locales. It's heavy handed to the point that it became a bit annoying 50% through the game because it's such a blantant rip from Uncharted. Even the cut scenes where the environments break apart as Nilin tries to progress are face palm worthy. I was embarrassed for the developers. Liked Uncharted so much that you just had to swing from Naughty Dog's nipple? Ooooookay. This brings one of the biggest problems with the game and I have three.1) As beautiful as the game is most of the time, it's far too linear with some glaring annoyances as a result. Here we have a heroine that can scale vast landscapes almost like Spiderman but can't jump over a 3 foot crate. She can jump across a 30 foot span 20 stories high but she can't jump over a counter. The game is linear to the extent that it makes the environments less impressive because we can't actually explore anything and the character is hamstrung many times to keep us on the predetermined path. This is made worse because there are times when you will have to travel through an apartment that's lived in but you can't actually explore buildings, streets or other rooms. Only the path the developer dictates.2) Total lack of bosses. There was a cool boss fight with Kid XMas because he was like a zonked out Vin Diesel broadcasting the battle for TV audiences. But there aren't too many afterward. Madame's boss battle was cool but there simply wasn't enough of it. Johnny Greenteeth's battle sucked and that brings me to my final major grip with the game...3) It's too long. After the first 4 or 5 hours, I was really into the game and the story being told. The concepts about memories are really interesting. The game felt like it could be similar to Heavenly Sword in a way. Heavenly Sword is only 6 hours long but it's a really wild and action packed 6 six hours. But Remember Me drags on after Chapter 5. The way the plot reveals itself I expected to see end credits and a final cut scene after chapter 5 or 6. Going into chapter 7, I got really annoyed with the game because it feels like the developers padded the game instead of keeping it tight and concise letting it reach its conclusion.I think the memory remixing IS excellent though but again...fantastic concept that isn't utilized enough in the game. The same could be said for the supporting cast of characters. You simply don't see them enough. Althought the events of the game are supposed to affect all of Neo Paris, it's suprising how little of an impact the events really seemed to make. I never really felt like my actions made any real difference. One reveal during the car scene is followed by ""oh, yeah...that's important to know but now run off and go do something or other. As important as that info is to solve the riddle of your identity, don't focus on that...just go over here and do something else instead.""I still recommend Remember Me, because it's dirt cheap these days and runs great even on not-so cutting edge rigs. There is some good stuff in it. I just feel the game had the potential to be stellar instead of just ""good"" overall...in a bargin bin kinda way."
,Not Recommended,228300,25120986,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DemonOfLoom,"It's sorta good but then you notice a guy called Edge keeps referring to you as ""Sis"" and... well that sums up the game."
76561198058977861,Not Recommended,228300,25169816,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Chosen [OUT],Buy this game if you don't mind it crashing every 2 hrs. I gave up on it.
76561198139683738,Recommended,228300,25127398,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,3173animeGAGged,"Yea this is one of the most underated game Capcom ever released, some time on the game and it's friggin amazing, with good environments and all; if you want to wash your eyes awhile and enjoy the distopian future with wonderful asset formations, fun levels and nice pacing play it; but try not to expect that much of ""meddlings"" with the peoples and stuffs of the game since there are not much at the first place, but- good game, good art, good story(?) and worth to buy later at 23"
,Not Recommended,228300,25066554,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"So far this game is pretty good but not quite what I'd hoped for when I imagined what the game would be like. It is very pretty, combat starts off slow and dull but is getting better although be it frustrating at times due to the camera angles and dodging not always working against Beserkers (it could be said that hitting the button sooner works but a dodge should be a dodge as long as it's done before impact exspecially when it's a charging enemy). Other than slight battle frustration and occassionally not being able to see the markers for where to go the game has been fun!It's a mix of Tomb Raider meets Oni but there is a mysterious truth to the story that I hope progression will reveal. So far from what I can tell the 'real life' world is anything but, then again it may just be the cool screen effects the devs wanted in the game but I am hoping it will play into a greater part of the story as the story already seems very cool and having a big reveal that changes everything while having subtle clues throughout the game will only make the story that much cooler!Buy it on sale if you are like me and can't afford a game that cost more than 10 bucks, buying at full price seems a waste although it should be considered worth $20 and 5 years ago I would have paid $50 bucks if the game had been for Xbox 360!One more thing, I feel bad for the Leapers, hopefully there is some sinester reason why they are attcking the hero because if not then I'm going to feel really really bad for beating so many to a pulp.Edit; Same day not even one hour later; The frustration grows, too many leapers and that seems to be all that you fight. I have no desire to fight these things and it's just annoying to constantly be thrown into battle against an enemy who you have know clue why is fighting you. It makes no sense for these depraved and starving humans to attack and some of them dissapear in the dark, and no I don't me they hide in the shadows the literally dissapear and you have no way to hit them since the hero only attacks when she will hit visible enemy. Between the poorly timed dodging the bad camera angles and the not being able to punch air in attemps to locate these dissapearing leapers I may just stop playing the game after one day, I'm so annoyed!The game starts out ok but overall it's just another pretty flop which is all top developing companies seems to be able to make anymore since they have no real ideas left. The immersion in this game is terrible at times, nothing notices you and I mean nothing except for a few bystanders in the very beggining.I could do better a dozen times over but instead I'm an un-employed ner-do-well since noone hands over a job to someone like me, I feel like a leaper IRL maybe that's why I'm so annoyed that I have to fight these things."
76561198076032585,Recommended,228300,17454744,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dest,"One of the best games I've ever played: 10/10.Gameplay, combat, graphics, style, story, sound, UI ... everything is just perfect."
,Recommended,228300,17400405,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Snitch Chigga,"Though it may seem I only played this game for only 2.7 hrs, I played it on my Xbox 360 for a lot longer.The fighting system is great, it is so different from other fighting styles, and so polished.This game is like no other, and it's so cheap to boot, it is most definitely worth the money! I enjoyed this game a lot on my xbox, and may just start a new save on it, too.. Can't get enough of this game!"
,Recommended,228300,15976438,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,✪ Wordy,Best Game ever! Packs alot of Matrix type Doges! Recommended to everyone to play and HAVE ALOT OF DEM FEELS!  Love this game and its on my list to op 5 best games.
,Recommended,228300,15991055,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jane,"good game... for the time I was able to play it. Stopped playing it for a week, and when I launch it again, it launches to a black screen. Validated files, browsed the forums, disabled firewall, re-installed game, re-installed DX9, no fix. Help would be appreciated."
76561198082945442,Recommended,228300,15850684,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Christina,"Remember Me - an interactive journey through the futuristic Paris in 2084, made in the best traditions of cyber-punk..★ ★ ★ ★ ☆"
76561197988396700,Not Recommended,228300,24939561,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Potato Bear,"Its a good game. Kinda slow to load up sometimes, it has a few glitches which can get annoying. Pretty straight forward game style. fighting can get old, but story like is OK."
76561198106830909,Recommended,228300,23692285,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Rho,got stuck in a coffin and earned an achievement10/10 would get stuck in a coffin again
76561198024939215,Not Recommended,228300,19105512,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,thenomain,"I wish I could recommend this game. It is beautiful and insightful on many fronts, the story is engaging and has the potential to be quite deep, and the combat mechanics are flashed with inspiration. There is an optional puzzle element of visual recognition (""where is this?"") and path-finding (""how do I get there?"") that increases in difficulty as the game goes on.The game-defining memory-editing segments are not as puzzle-oriented, but they move the story along well and it is viscerally fun to find new ways to mess someone's memory to the point of mental breakdown. If you like to explore to every dead-end, this part of the game is engaging but far too short.Two thirds of the way through, however, the combat becomes an exericse in player stamina. The combats lag on until I found them far too much of a grind to complete the game. I ended up watching a play-through of the game, and the story's conclusion is fitting for the rest of the story, but the pacing of combat simply broke me out of any flow and then out of any desire to continue.Sorry, Don't Nod. Maybe if you made a Telltale-like game featuring a similar roundabout-change-things mechanic as Remember Me's memory-edits. Maybe a young and innocent time-traveller? I would play it!"
76561197992378508,Not Recommended,228300,20148533,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pedrotheplayer,"Since the beggining I saw I made a mistake buying this game. Its linear, full of easy and lazy ""solutions"". Never felt the protagonist would be in danger. You don't explore any f.ea..ing thing. In a detailed scenario you're  always guided to next and visible way to start a series of parkour tour that not only is so easy but too defies physical laws..no way an human got those long jumps to the top!!Excessive and boring dialogues..I never felt any close sensation of immersion. In any moment I dont give a sh..t for the protagonist. Shes boring like the voice that guided her. Her suffer irritates me unlike Lara Croft revival awesome game or even Violet Assassin (underrated great game). This game evolves in an automatic, mechanic, boring way with awful gameplay. The so praised storytell means nothing to me..I didnt see in any moment a progression of obstacles, character evolution, change of feelings. Things are predictable like you see in a bad movie. You' never face a real puzzle..the levels are so short you feel nothing when step into a new scenario. Even the fights are so frea..ing easy despite level of difficult. Defeat the boss is quick and subhumans are laughable.Its a game that dont bring challenge, dont defie your skills. Even in sale  its not worth. I'll try to forget Remember Me quickly...ups, already did."
,Not Recommended,228300,24765838,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Postal0311,"Console game with a terrible camera.Most of the time I spent playing the game was spent trying to force the camera to look in the direction I was walking.Finally had to give up when I reached a boss battle where you have to shoot the bosses weak spots, but my camera would always look away from the boss so I couldn't shoot it.  To actually pan the camera over took so long that the boss would hit me.Other than that terrible camera, the story is so so, and the combat extremely repetitvie."
,Not Recommended,228300,24623891,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cupcake monster,"I'm sure there's a great story behind this game, but the controls just messes up everything. The fights are almost impossible, in the not-so-fun-frustrating way and the few tips you get are on the screen for less than a second.I wish I loved this game, but I just don't."
,Not Recommended,228300,24076895,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Stranger,"Pros-The story was nice and I, actually, didn't anticipate all of the twists and turns (like it usually happens with most of modern media)- I was surprised to find that the remapped controls are universal (once you remap your movement and other controls - they work as intended in the game and all its menus. Unlike some AAA titles (yes, I am looking at you, Witcher!))- The soundtrack is kinda nice (but the intentional sound glitches in music are annoying)Cons- glitchy camera (camera shakes or floats around even when standing still, different sensitivity in different areas, glitches if too close to character, resets to centered position after some time - annoying when trying to look around. The camera feels like you are moving it with a controller stick, rather than mouse. I would consider it bad for a PC game.)- fixed camera positions (a lot of times the camera will be fixed to a set position, especially annoying if you are trying to look around for secret areas. This brings us to the next point)- unintuitive controls (when camera is fixed a direction you want to go might not be the button you will press e.g. left can be up for example; other times the game is slow to recognize a button that you have been mashing for a few seconds now)- poorly thought out combat (combos are nice but it's very hard to execute them in required time with many enemies around: you have to keep track of enemies around you, dodging pretty much every second, look at the combo gauge to monitor the combo progress and make sure that your character is actually doing the combo YOU want while also doing the correct combo sequence and still, the combo sequence will reset for no reason sometimes -_- )- very linear levels (the game offers no freedom at all, you have to go through the specific narrow corridor that the devs set for you; there is little chance to explore, only preset surfaces are climbable and others are not, just 'cause)- aiming is terrible (the game has a ranged weapon. It snaps to targets. You will need to use this weapon against enemies that will be right next to you. There will be more than one enemy next to you. The game will always choose the worst target for you (""thanks autoaim, yes, I wanted to shoot that guy on the other side of the room and not any of the ones currently tearing my face off"" - every. single. time. seriously!))- unskippable cutscenes (might not seem important but this game has a lot and if you are replaying a level, or just reloading a checkpoint - you will have to watch all the cutscenes again - and some of them are over a minute. You can't even alt-tab and do something else because the cutscenes will pause too!)- the QTE-s (they are not hard but having them right at the end of a tough boss battle is highly annoying. I mean I have already fought the boss, I have overcome all his special attacks and waded through crowds of his minions but if you fail one press of a QTE - the game goes 'NOPE!' do some of that♥♥♥♥♥♥again)Get this game only if it is on sale and you are really bored. Towards the end I actually used a trainer speed things up, get through the final 2 episodes and just be done with the game. The combat in the latter episodes is plain infuriating as the only thing the game does to make it more difficult is literally swarm you with enemies who just spam you with regular attacks."
76561198046992905,Not Recommended,228300,33429884,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"As terrible and overused as this statement is, Remember Me is definitely not worth remembering, from a gameplay perspective at least. It's unpolished, unoriginal and can be found done much better in games before it. It'll be interesting to see where this game goes in terms of sequels (judging by early sales this franchise is already over), because there is a terrific narrative and world lying under the lackluster surface."
76561198060103413,Not Recommended,228300,16855166,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Saint Ceo de la Vegas,"I loved the story, the game, the concept.  Never made it past the first boss fight and uninstalled the game."
,Not Recommended,228300,14725592,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,deccan,"Overall disappointing game despite some good parts. The story is affecting in some places, but is wildly implausible and incoherent. The combat is weak. I know they tried and I guess the pressens are an interesting game mechanic, but in execution combat simply lacks the fun factor. It also relies on bogus boss battles that most modern games know better than to use nowadays. The memory remixes are the best part but there are only four of them in the whole game. It's no wonder that the devs decided to make their next game an adventure game. I would have preferred this to be an adventure game too."
76561198061786965,Recommended,228300,32105265,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Better in French
,Recommended,228300,10899339,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Club Jarminx,"I finally had the computer to be able to play this game and decided to give it a go.. I was very impressed! :) It's like a mix between Mirror's Edge and Watch Dogs.. Story line is rather good, graphics are pretty decent.. I'm nearly at the end of the game and can't put it down! Totally recommend this game! :)"
76561197972173847,Not Recommended,228300,13699760,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,lordbolo,"Pretty game, repetitive.  Not my cup of tea"
,Recommended,228300,14187266,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dindarato,"Very straight forward, but still manages to be fun. Just wished that the memory remixes were more often during the storyline, because they are really fun to deal with. All in all it's a good game."
76561197977211401,Recommended,228300,11334897,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Nice game, kind of predictable and the combat is good but not great.  Nice game though.Forgot to mention, the setting and music are amazing.  Orchestral mixed with synthetic to mirror the games future Paris setting and theme."
,Not Recommended,228300,9640365,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,theworstpossiblething00,"The game its self is great but it has poor camera views, MANY unskippable cutscenes, strange forced camera views in many areas, and somehow doesnt respond to keyboard and mouse input as quickly or as reliably as when using a controller. All in all it's a great game that reminds me of syndicate and deus ex hr but suffers greatly for poor camera views and poor keyboard and mouse support. If you play with a controller then the only problem is the camera views ex. when against a wall and with an enemy in front of you you might not be able to see or attack them until you move yourself or the camera. This game is only worth getting on sale."
76561198060872441,Not Recommended,228300,9897777,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Ella Gris,"One of the worst 3rd person cameras I think I've ever encountered in gaming. Lots of game breaking bugs in mid-battle too. It's a shame, because some of the design elements of Neo Paris and the boss fights can really be enthralling... and then you remember that you have to play the rest of the game too. Like a putz."
76561198012534763,Not Recommended,228300,10293908,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,psyr,all hype no substance...
76561198094013553,Not Recommended,228300,10173760,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,KC,"very bad game ,camera cotnrol for fight is terriable.combat system is confuse like hel.no interaction with any  npc.only positive is the graphic  and art concept is beautiful"
,Not Recommended,228300,9639060,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,cthomp415,"Imagine all the things that make the Batman series fun and interesting and trow them out, then you'll have Remember me. Its very similar (the fighting system is almost identical) but much more repetitive, uninspired, and boring. Boss fights are borderline depressing and just require you to find the pattern and break it at the apropriate point repeatedly until you reach the next cut scene. and the story line doesn't really grab you or keep you interested. The memory augmentation is an interesting mechanic, but they are too few and far between and border on tedium. You have to constantly rewind and play out the same thing over and over, looking for the perfect combination of very minor changes to make everything work right. I got it on sale for $10 and I wish I had just skipped it. While its not a bad game overall, its no where near a great game. I believe it sits comfortably in the midst of mediocrity."
,Not Recommended,228300,10829429,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A mind truly lost.,"Can not recommend this game, it is interesting concept and great looking in general, but it has inherited the bad control mechanisms of Capcom too deeply.It also has some.. Rather interesting bugs, at least for me."
76561197971556261,Not Recommended,228300,10486320,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"This game starts out very well, with a intriguing story. However the closer you get to the end, the more repetitive the game quickly become. Also it´s storyline becomes obvious and somewhat quasisentimental- and not in a overly good fasion.Added to this is a fair pc port of controls, but some things (like aiming) is woefully badly done.Incresingly frustrating boss fights, and a respawn system that punish deaths make for a lot of anger being vented.All in all the game was entertaining the first 6 hours and went downhill from there- finishing in a very bad ending.Sadly I have not to recomend this to anyone unless it´s very very cheap-"
,Not Recommended,228300,14875771,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Obvious,"Remember me had a lot of novel ideas, but unfortunately is too timid to fully realise any of them.The most egrecious though is that of the ""custom combos"". See, it SOUNDS like you're going to be able to pull off long awesome combos on the fly, maybe choose them in the menu, but the reality is that all you change is the animation and the effect of the moves.What this translates into is the player pressing the exact same sequence of buttons throughout the whole game. Occassionally pausing to swap the effect.And don't get me started on the memory remixes... It could have been something truly interesting, but it just falls flat, partly because there's only 3 or 4 memory remixes in the whole game, one of which is a ""memory of a memory"".Really, Remember me could have been a lot more than it was, and was entirely missable."
,Not Recommended,228300,9620245,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Plsk1n ia cthulhu fhtagn,"don't buy this, this game's stutters even in the menu."
76561198095249621,Not Recommended,228300,10031794,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,axiom1974,"I was excited for the launch of this game, but didn't get it and I'm so glad that I waited.  I was hoping for another deus ex.  This isn't it.  The best description of this game is tedious.  While visually very pretty, the combat is ridiculous and depends on putting the right combinations in order, which of course you build as the game progresses.  Lackluster mechanics aside, where this game fails miserable is in connecting with the player.  Several hours into the game I find myself not caring about the story, characters, or the missions.  When the protagonist falls off of a building to her death...I don't care.  When she gets beaten in a fight...don't care (other than the inconvenience of having to re do the fight scene which unfortunately drags out the miserable gaming experience).  I really wanted to like this game and because of that gave it way more chance than it deserved.Pros:  Graphics are good, voice acting is good, it's been completely glitch freeCons:  Everything else"
,Not Recommended,228300,9965882,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Den-Ex BB people : games night?,"Remeber me tries to come across as a Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥esque journey thourgh the mind, but it actually delivers a generic 3rd person brawler & platformer with a tacked on conspiracy theory. Characters feel generic, concepts feel badly executed and feel lame."
76561198192457622,Recommended,228300,16419184,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JiMoneyKoolChri$,"Very good game.  Like the art style and writing.  The combat system is unique with chain combos.  It's a 3rd person hack and slash basicaly, except the weapons are your fists and feet.Had it on the PS3 and now playing it in native 1080p resolution is like playing a remaster.  Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,228300,22948674,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Danakin,"Remember Me is definitely beautiful graphically and has a fantastic dynamic soundtrack. It also has a very unique and interesting story. However, I can't recommend it as the gameplay is simply boring and awful. The character is not great. There is not much for me to like in her, she's not very attractive, charismatic or badass. The game features one of the worst brawling systems I have encountered. Climbing is not natural at all, it also feels like a tutorial since the exact way is always shown. In fact, the entire game feels like a tutorial.Go ahead and try it, but this studio is a lot better at making art and stories, rather than action."
76561198033522345,Recommended,228300,31689862,Posted: 11 May,all,Flay,entertaining game.
,Not Recommended,228300,29916173,Posted: 13 February,all,Fatal Error,"I remember playing this game when it first came out, and again just recently. This game hasn't aged well nor did anything change from my initial thoughts about this game. I played this originally because of the soundtrack and the story. The combat got so tedious at times that I legitimately thought about just simply watching a youtube collections of the cinematics. They had a real chance at creating a gem here, and completely flopped on it. The title is ""Remember Me"", the commercials implied that Memory would be a huge part of this game... and then it turned out that you only got to modify peoples memories in this game a few times. This game left me overall disappointed."
76561198061410470,Not Recommended,228300,22758858,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hen-Man Supreme,"Combat is made incredibly frustrating by the camera angles, it would be much better if the camera just stayed put. Although other than that it's a pretty good game"
76561198048096716,Not Recommended,228300,23754402,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Maestro,"The graphics are nice and the customizable combat system had potential, but the story is pretty standard and the combat ends up being very repetitive due to finding one combo you like."
76561198038511460,Not Recommended,228300,19223789,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,luki.sach,"This game first goes through the trouble of teaching you about 50 different types of attacks with about a zillion combinations and then shamelessly copy-pastes boss battles!? And if that was not depressing enough, there is a type of enemy which makes you lose health if you attack it, sometimes unavoidably. An awkward mix between action, puzzle / riddle and a bunch of other genres. The controls are highly innovative and rather than having a meaning in the space of the character, they have a meaning in the space of the current view so sometimes pressing the right key just means going left. Yeah, sometimes it is hard to walk straight in this game. Just try to escape from something.I wouldn't recommend getting this one, unless you want to teach your kid to stop playing computer games.The amount of time I spent on it is due to forgetting it alt+tab-ed for a few days."
76561197990235466,Recommended,228300,8491806,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Freddo,"Very enjoyable linear action adventure game like Enslaved: Odyssey to the West and to some extent like Tomb Raider with melee combat instead of shooting, in futuristic Paris. Nice soundtrack too."
76561197968519905,Not Recommended,228300,20054657,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,franco,this is a pretty stupid game. the mechanics are crap the story is par and the movment will make you have motion sickness glad it was only 5.99
,Not Recommended,228300,14440855,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,N312,"The game stays incredibly bland and sometimes just bad most of the time; the memory remix scenes of which there are surprisingly few make up all of the high points of the game and that's about it. The writing is incredibly shoddy and the game particularly handles a futuristic technology and world in the most lazy, uncreative, and uninspired way I could have imagined. It is missing millions of small things that could make it all more enjoyable while at the same time remaining rife with incontinuities, laughable voice acting, and poor audio mixing that really took me out of the game more than a few times. I can't begin to describe every little thing wrong with it, but frankly after several hours of an almost funny number of things being wrong with the game, it soon just becomes boring; I played up until the final boss when, in the middle of the fight I realized I wasn't even having a little fun anymore, and put the game to rest. I'm glad it was on sale, but I'd be more glad if I could just forget Remember Me. Damn I'm clever ..."
,Not Recommended,228300,26759372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",it's probably alright but unskippable cutscenes just kinda killed it for meit seemed pretty cool before I gave up
76561197995734860,Not Recommended,228300,14481045,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Salrinator,"Remember Me is an odd game.  There are quite a few aspects that are quite enjoyable, such as the visuals and sound.  The voice acting in the game is superb as well.  The style of the game is interesting, if a bit repetitive.  You can see that work was put into character animations and clothing styles which is not without merit, but does not a fun game make.Unfortunately, the games issues far outnumber the positives.  The writing is dreadful.  I found myself laughing out loud and rolling my eyes at just about every plot point.  The memory remixes are interesting, but there's not many of them and they make the story ridiculous.  The main character is supposed to be strong and different, but is just another way too thin waif who walks like a runway model and has daddy issues.The combat is repetitive and boring.  There is an interesting combo system, but usually you'll find youself in large mob fights where you'll never land a combo of more than a few hits because there are just too many enemies coming from all sides for you to land 6 blows in a row.  I found myself going into the combo lab and changing the three punch combo to whatever suited my needs and just landing that.The game is also WAY too short.  It could easily be finished in a weekend and for the dedicated gamer, a day.  There is simply no replay value.  You'll only unlock art for things you've already seen, character models that simply stand there, or combat moves that you'll never use."
76561198117506043,Recommended,228300,12196643,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,gianttabby,"If you can forgive the wonky combat and lackluster script, you'll definitely enjoy Remember Me for its visual design, music, and futuristic setting.And if anyone is on their second playthrough, I suggest playing with French audio and no subtitles. I think it makes it kinda funny experiencing the story when you have no clue what they're saying. Unless you actually speak French, then all it'll do is add authenticity to playing a game set in France."
,Not Recommended,228300,18112310,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Captain is kill,"So much potential, and such a cool world.Too bad it is marred by a combat system that is trying to reinvent the wheel and some boring boss fights.And odds are we'll never see a sequel."
76561198068398360,Recommended,228300,15906755,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,meritcoba,"I would like to recommend 'Remember me' not so much as a game but more as an interactive story.'Remember me"" has as central concept the idea that one can extract memories, insert them  and even alter them. Being fan of Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥duh, his surname gets hidden),it made me think of his story 'We can remember it for you wholesale' that has inspired the movie Total Recall. In this story a man wants to have the memories of a trip to Mars as a secret agent... of course the memories turn out to be true( or do they)?.Manipulating memories is the special skill of Nilin, the protagonist.  She is part of a resistance movement that fights against the organisation Memorize that has turned manipulating memories into  a way to control people(portrayed as helping them), ignoring the suffering this causes. For too much of anything is harmful and so is too much of manipulating memories. The victims turn eventually into leapers who are, of course, hostile and linger, of course again, in the sewers of the dystopian Neo-Paris contemplating  nastiness.As Nilin you escape the Bastille into the sewers fighting your way through leapers and then work you way up for a final confrontation at the top of a building in Neo-Paris.During the game you have various opportunities to alter people's memories. Some of these alterations (one of which involves the death of a child) are pretty cold hearted, making me wonder about the morality of Nilin.The game feels like Nilin's personal journey as almost every aspect of the story bears on her own past. This Nilin centered story gives the game a special emotional feel on the one hand, but also makes if feel limited on the other. It is as if we see Neo-Paris through the eyes of Nilin and hardly anything else. It made me feel emotionally attached to her, but also distanced me from the world around her.I want to touch on some of the more negative aspects of the game/story..I think if you like fighting games that this game is probably boring for you. With the exception of a two battles, one against a super robot and another against two teleporting super leapers aided by a lot of normal leapers, can be special hard if you don't know how to handle them, but the other battles were mostly easy for me, so I suspect that veteran fighters will not break a sweat over them..The fighting is done with combo's that you have to earn or find before you can use them. My experience is that with the harder fights you never get beyond a few combos because they have to be chained against the same target to count and since you have to jump around a lot to not get overwhelmed, targeting one and the same enemy for fair amount of time is not very likely.The only other thing you can do is stealing memories, but these are story like elements that are only triggered when the story wants you to and which you can not use as an alternative to fighting for instance. It would have been great if you could make a guard forget about you instead of having to kill him..One of the problems I have with the story is that the most important issue is never dealt with, which is  that while you might change a memory, this will not change reality.An example.At one point Nilin manipulates the memory of a bounty hunter so she will aid  Nilin instead of trying to capture her. It would be obvious that once this bounty hunter gets confronted with reality she must realize that her memories have been tampered with and thus turn her into an enemy again.This difference between manipulating memories and the fact that reality will not be altered as well(let alone the memories of other people or simple: movies or other pieces of evidence) is never worked out in the game.Also, as mentioned above, some of the memory altering that Nilin does causes people grief and this doesn't seem to affect Nilin much. Yes, Nilin ponders a lot about altering memories and what that causes, but she doesn't seem to connect this to her own actions. Or at least that is how I experienced it. She lacks a certain empathy for her victims.In the end I would recommend this game for anyone who likes an involving story set in a dystopian world with some pretty visuals and good atmosphere. I read they are planning a sequel; there is enough  story to make one."
,Recommended,228300,17448469,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Serious Sams,"Wierd, but strong story.Its fighter game no shooting, but you can make your own combo moves, with kicks, fists and powerfull, healing or boosting.Your a Life changer.This game has some hours in it, both from fights aswell as the clues you need to find and solve."
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,228300,25108164,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ryvucz,"Camera controls are terrible, the pathing is laid out for you so there really isn't a reason to put you through obstacle in the first place.Combat is button mashing. You can mistakenly place some combo parts into the 5 slot one, that is not active at all due to missing parts?... causing you to not heal. (Yes, you have to do combos to heal yourself, or find a health station.)The story is rather interesting, but due to what I""ve mentioned above, it's not enough to hold my interest.Pick up on a discount only if you're interested, but beware if you have vertigo or motion sickness, this camera and menu system will trigger you in all sorts of bad."
76561197972502096,Recommended,228300,587565,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,redgunshow,This.
,Recommended,228300,25647412,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,FROSTY,Dam this game was hell of a joyride but this game is riddled in bugs and the fps slows down overtime i dont recomend this for AMD cards sadly :.(.
,Recommended,228300,25610146,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,seth_storm,gostei muito!
76561198040914976,Recommended,228300,13346568,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TGriss,"great story and visuals, great characters and nice cyberpunk theme all throughout. Music was great, voice acting in french was a nice touch. Combat takes a bit of time to master but satisfying. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,228300,26423541,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BluGeminii,"I must admit, I was pleasantly surprised by the storyline of Remember Me.  I am a fan of cyberpunk and distopia and the story grabbed me immediately.  I was caught up in intrique and mystery and surprised as the story unfolded with twists and turns.So what did I like?  The story, yes! The graphics  and setting wasn't too bad either. I even screengrabbed some spots to use as wallpaper!  the designers and artists did a fantastic job of creating a Neo Paris that was believable and fun to adventure in.  The music was superb. Olivier, you are a true maestro!What didn't I like?  The combat was fun to develop, and should be added to the 'like' bit, but it did get somewhat repetitive after a while.  I felt that althought the balance of platforming, combat and story was welldone, the yet-another-open-area-here-comes-the-same-gang-as-before-just-more-of-them got tedious.  That said, overloading baddies as so much fun and never got old!I wished more people took notice of this game, I would have loved a sequel!"
,Recommended,228300,13302579,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SPAMZILLA,"Not sure why this flew under the radar. This game is pretty incredible. The art, music and themes are very well done. Great Sci-Fi fare."
76561198039688851,Recommended,228300,13350295,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Chiosas,"The game that really steals your memory! I don't remember playing better game. Err, do I?"
,Recommended,228300,16668072,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Green Ocha,"1.people do the nasty with robots2.jeans model/memory hunter3.punch stuff4.remember maggie said it first5.combos and combos and combos and combos6.it's like watching a movie7.actually is a different game,,, not the best one... but differentget it when it goes on sale if you really really really really want, its not garbage, but its not worth that much money. If you wanna try something new maybe.8. like GTA in 20xx with spandex jeans and robo girls and tight jeans, and stiff hair and robo jeans,and spandex....  australian victoria's secret model/10"
,Recommended,228300,8274726,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"If you like the games Aeon Flux, BloodRayne, and Ghost in the Shell for the ps2 for its linear on rails platforming, you'll like this game.The director of this game must be a big fan of the Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex game for the ps2 because its directorial style is very similar to that game. Not in the art style of the locations but in the flow and ebb of the story line.The combat takes getting use to.Challenging in its combat due to the combo system. Some people find it easy but I don't.I find it to be a hard game because of that.The memory remix puzzles are novel and genius.Though I do wish that the act of taking pars of someone's memory and opening some doors were more align with Ghost in the Shell hacking with a holo rings mini puzzle games to add to the fun factor which I wish were added to this game.Thanks for reading my review!"
,Recommended,228300,12574490,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Trevor,"Fascinating sci-fi concept/world, but boils down to repetitive action/platforming. Would love an open-world game set in this game's Neo-Paris."
76561198069583918,Recommended,228300,12304328,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sovereign,this is one of the best games ive played to date.
,Recommended,228300,12395015,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Elmo Has HIV,Get it when it goes on sale.
,Recommended,228300,12274141,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mateszhun,"It's one of those games...One of those that call out to you...And say: ""Remember me""And you will remember it as a good game.---------------------------------------------I think Remember me has more Prince of Persia like moments than Assasin's Creed.The combat system is different, but it bears an important similarity: customization to your own style.It has jumping puzzles (But they are not that goood and much more easier).And there is the story and the boss fights.And the time travel element is there in multiple places:The Remixes and Remembranes.So it's a must play for gamers who hunger for a Prince of Persia like game."
76561198014980751,Recommended,228300,12308359,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Joey245,"A strong protagonist, a fresh take on cyberpunk dystopia aesthetics, and a unique combat system blending Batman: Arkham series style beat-em-up with rhythmic inputs and customizable combos. Also, the soundtrack is spectacular, and the graphics are amazing. A bit linear, and a little too combat heavy towards the end, but overall, a very memorable game that lingered in my mind long after I finished playing it. Nilin just rocks!"
,Recommended,228300,12648478,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Luke Barton,Great little artsy game.  No complaints here.
,Recommended,228300,12266942,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kondorr,"Remember Me: 8/10 - Cautious RECOMMENDATIONRemember Me Impressions:Wow... this game has some serious ups and downs... almost no middle grounds... it either hits the target spot on... or misses it completly... so yeah... intense mixed feelings... but in the end the positives outweight the negatives.Setting/Story/Characters is all great on paper and in design but I think they all are rather flat and simple constructed. The ideas in this game are worthy of someone of Kojimas format, but they are not truly explored... neither the infuence of memory mixing on human beeings (besides the obvious mutation crap needed for gameplay purposes) nor the actual technological side.Gameplay:It reminds most of all of God of War, but less flashy... when you do not fight you jump around or shimmy on ledges, and when you fight it is full Arkham Asylum mode. Interesting is, that you can construct (kinda) your own Combos, but once they are done, there is no insentive to realy change them up later in the game.What breakes this combat system from time to time are certain enemy types you can only attack with special attacks, which have atrocious cooldown times... so running in circles while dodging is the only thing left to do...Memory Mixing:A simple gimmick that is great in theory and in trailer but fades once you try it... it is kinda like playing one scene from HEAVY RAIN multiple times, while changing details... and there is not even a full handfull of them in this game.Audio-visual Style:Now this is why you play this game... this one has some effin' great music, I would recommand anyone to play it for this alone. Combined with a great visual style it simply is a must see.Side comment:The 'Mericans love their patos and equally love to overdo it... it seems the french have this same affliction regarding poethism... the ending was like a combo of the ending to Matrix Revolutions and some <insert vulgarity here> poem.Sumerizing:It is truly a pitty that neither the story nor the gameplay are not above average, so you get spectacular style over medicore substance. Get it on sale, but... DO GET IT!UPDATE:A week ago I finished this game but it seems not to leave me... somehow the style, the chars and their fates remained long after deinstall... so this must be a big sentimental plus on this title. There really should be a sequel. And once you finifhs this game you would agree."
76561198031246059,Recommended,228300,12605351,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Hellsing80,"Every once in a while a game publisher develops a great game that seems to just appear without warning/marketing or advertising.  Capcom's Remember Me is one such title.  A very good looking game in most respects, graphics are good and so is the voice acting and story."
76561198124290544,Recommended,228300,12274718,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nakano Shinbashi,"Worth 11/10I don't know WHY the score was soo bad.This game have a really GREAT visual render, UI design, animation, and gameplay it self.  the story is intresting as well, the idea it self =D and not forgget to mention the music is top notch!!!I never replay the game that I have finished, except this one to enjoy the VISUAL, MUSIC and fighting style!If there any chance, I hope there will be REMEMBER ME 2"
,Recommended,228300,12300691,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,gutenbergn,Bit of a underrated game. Gameplay is nice (though a little repetitive). Fantastic art style and environments. Likeable protagonist and a good story. Very good game to buy when discounted.
76561198047554569,Recommended,228300,12341389,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,JCodyS2017,interesting...
76561198126828943,Recommended,228300,12451283,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,magentana,"Story is interesting, game play is not hard and I like puzzle in this game .finally  visual in game  is cool and sound is very good!!"
,Recommended,228300,12546454,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ciphernull,"Sci-fi/Cyberpunk game with an interesting protagonist. The game is very, but immensely pretty. The story is quite good as well, and if you can pick this up on a sale, it's well worth playing."
76561198056723598,Recommended,228300,12577709,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,I'm Japanese,"The game is nice but I don't like the british accent, Lilin sounds lame."
76561198154292121,Recommended,228300,12598704,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Chief_Ug,"Remember Me is a game with obvious strengths and weaknesses, but overall it is very much worth the price of admission, if you can catch it on sale. The atmosphere is fantastic, with top notch graphics and music immersing the player in the story set in a futuristic dystopian world. Combined with an intriguing storyline, Remember Me is a work of art for the senses. Several times I found myself halting the game just to admire the sheer beauty of the world it is set in. That alone is a compelling enough reason to give this game a try.Speaking of the ""game"" part, how does it perform? It's a mixed bag, with many positives, but a few shortcomings and annoyances. The first is that for a 3rd person view platformer, it is extremely linear, to the point that paths rarely allow any deviation, giving the feeling that the game is a platformer on rails. This is a real shame, as I would have loved to be able to wander around and explore the world a bit just because of how impressive it is audiovisually. Combat can be both fun and frustrating, with the (lack of) targeting becoming a huge annoyance when fighting large groups. If you miss a secret, you will need to replay the level most of the time, as pretty much every checkpoint is a point of no return.Replay value depends on how much you want to go back and find all the missed collectibles and achievements. Other than that, despite the game being quite short, there is not much reason to go back to it, other than to re-experience the story and beautiful world. Still, even just one playthrough is definitely worth the experience."
,Recommended,228300,12621810,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,StellarSkyFall,"This game has a pretty interesting story. You control Nilin a memory hunter who has ""surprise"" lost her memory. You get into some serious stuff and i'm not going to spoil it for you. The design work by the art team is fantastic. The setting and story are easily the games strongest point. There is a very cool memory puzzle minigame but its only explored a few times and boss encounters that are far from spectaculari It' a real shame considering the game is published by Capcom and  they should have at least had the Devil May Cry guy gives some insight to the battle system and boss fights.If your looking for a indepth battle system this is not your game. But if you looking for a good story and some decent gameplay this game is simple enough to play and relax too. If its on sale pick it up. But I would not pay over $10usd."
76561198025090124,Recommended,228300,12627168,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,icedfiend,"Interesting game... I liked the story, the visuals and the gameplay. Not too difficult even on the highest difficulty level.It have a few bugs that will break the game's progression. Reloading a previous checkpoint and going through the scene again usually fixes it.Quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,228300,12358752,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NinjaSquirrel,"I have just finished the game and I can say, I am ashamed to have waited until the game was on sale to buy it. I feel as if I have stolen an impressive and visionary game. It's the Mirrors Edge of 2013 - heavily underrated and undeservedly ignored by the masses. The art design is gorgeous and really looks new - even if they only let us play through linear tube levels. The sound and music perfectly fits the mood and the story is interesting (especially the ending), let alone the memory fiddling and Nilin's special abilities which are really cool.Most negative reviews focus on the ""hand-holding"" during the climbing sequences. Well, it should be an optional assistance feature. But it's not as bad as most reviews might want you to believe. After all, every Tomb Raider and even the Assassin's Creeds have obvious climbing path visualisations that are just as easily deciphered as street signs smeared in your face.Another point in negative reviews is the supposedly bad fighting system. I don't understand this criticism. DONTNOD has simply stolen Batman's free-flow fighting system - which earned heavy praise when it first appeared in Arkham Asylum and is still pretty cool - and spiced it up with a flexible combo system that you can modify as you wish. Might not be a new manifestation of game design genius but its fun to play and no flaw at all.I can only say that Remember Me is one of my favourite games of the last 10 years, right next to Batman (AA and AC), Assassin's Creed, Half-Life, Mirrors Edge, The Saboteur and Max Payne 3. On a more objective game score scale I would give it something in the low eighties."
76561197995491821,Not Recommended,228300,12366314,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Bengol,"-No spoilers-A great idea albeit poorly executedA quick copy-paste of the overall story so that you can follow on the review (Don’t worry there are no spoilers):The game is set in the year 2084, in a futuristic version of Paris called Neo-Paris. The Memorize corporation has invented a new brain implant called the Sensation Engine (Sensen), which enables roughly 99% of the population to upload and share their memories on the net, as well as remove unhappy or unpleasant memories. This gives Memorize an immense degree of control over the population and enables them to establish a surveillance state. This, in turn, leads to a small group of rebels forming under the name ""Errorists"": their mission is to bring down Memorize. The invention of the Sensen has also resulted in the creation of Leapers; memory-addicted humans who have absorbed so many memories that their Sensen has degraded and they have mutated into a subhuman form, now living in the sewers of Neo-Paris.The game's plot focuses on Nilin, a memory hunter working for the Errorists. When the game starts, she has been stripped of nearly all her memories by mega-corporation Memorize. With the help of a mysterious man named Edge, she goes on a quest to bring down Memorize and recover her lost memories.On to the reviewPros:-Interesting dystopian world you’re bound to enjoy especially if you’re a sucker for screwed up versions of our future.-Builds an interesting climax and keeps you on the edge because the game is not afraid to yell at your face from the very beginning THERE’S A HUDGE TWIST SOMEWERE IN THIS GAME!!!-A couple of interesting characters and collectables that give more information about Neo-Paris which help to essentially flesh out a very beautiful city full of contrasts.-Nice, fluid combat with an interesting mechanic to create your own combos. It’s not ground-breaking but I had tons of fun punching people in this game.-One or two nice puzzles in the game. They felt off and I really didn’t like that if you stood a while the game just gave you the answer but they were smart and short - just enough to break the tension I guess.-This game does boss fights right! When you meet a boss it’s time to use whatever you’ve learnt so far against it and not mash the X button or play the game of “Find the exploit”.-The very concept of the game, although not original (what is original anyways?) is hard to swallow and should make you question a few things.Is it a good idea to let the general public get a hold of a technology that lets them digitize their memories?Is it a good idea to let the public change their memories?If we are what we remember, can we really change from one moment to the next providing that someone changed our memories?Isn’t that a threat to free will? Imagine if a terrorist group could erase the memory of 9/11 from the minds of a population.-The game also provides a few very difficult moments where you have to twist someone’s memories and eventually change their character. Even the fact that Nilin (the protagonist) is actually an (T)Errorist and goes about doing things what (T)Errorists do while balancing in that grey area of “The reason Justifies the Means” is a bit unsettling. It’s food for thought which is always very welcome in a game.-I suppose the first twist is easy to read. The second one never crossed my mind. It didn’t blow it – but it was a cool twist non the less.-Changing someone’s memories is by far the best mechanic of the game.Cons:-God awful story-telling. The worse thing is that you only become aware of how bad the story-telling is after you’ve spent a good three hours in the game.-There are a few plot holes that really degrade the experience.-Some minor camera glitches (didn’t really bother me. I’ve also heard that the game suffers from a few bugs but I didn’t encounter any).-It’s quite short and somewhat easy. I would recommend upping your difficulty a bit to enjoy it.-A very poor protagonist. I would call Nilin boring but that could be misinterpreted as if she had a boring character. Well Nilin has NO character. I get that she’s confused and that she can’t decide what to do and who to trust because of her memory wipe. But what we get in the game is a woman who has no sense of purpose other than follow the path laid for her from Edge. She does question his motives and his decisions a couple of times through the game but the answers she gets are poor and she doesn’t press harder. It’s as if she doesn’t care for whatever is happening around her – so long as she gets her memories back - and those moments of gallant clarity and distrust towards Edge are coming out more fake than they should.Nilin doesn’t even question some of the most controversial things that she herself does in the game which is… bad… We spend a minute or two in the beginning of every level listening to her inner battles and those never include some of the dirtiest things a person has to do directly. Let alone the things that Edge did with her assistance.-The very best mechanic of the game – the thing that it does best – the most innovative thing it had to show is changing someone’s memories. Well, you’ll only get to do it three times.ConclusionAll in all I would recommend that you try out the game first and if you really dig in the dystopian Paris or if you get an itch to see what the hell is the game all about THEN buy it.I personally (if anyone gives a flying tard about my opinion) enjoyed the game. But I fill the profile of a person who’s a sucker for dystopias and an intriguing story. Even if it’s presented in a lukewarm, sporadic rain of brilliance amongst ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot holes and poorly written characters."
,Not Recommended,228300,12387993,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AGreener,"This games remise was cool. But what made it cool is hardly in the game and the same outcome must always ciome out of it. I think if this game was open world, and you could enter anyones memory and mess around with it to change there interactions with the game world and have some significant replecusions would have made this game what everyone thought it was going to be. Also combat is repetitive and poorly conceived."
,Recommended,228300,12455010,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Micos,"Great game to play for whatever mood you're in. A genius combination of puzzles, action, and story."
,Recommended,228300,12643167,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,elfypooh,"Very cool game, it's a diamond in the rough.The story is very well written and the combat is fluid. The game immerses you into this dystopian future, and the atmosphere really plays a part in this. I could tell it's a bit of a budget game, nonetheless, there was so much detail put into it.There are few cons, like a few bugs and the annoying camera controls(you can tell it was made for console), however, the pros outweigh the cons. Intriguing concept and nicely laid out plot, it's definitely something to beremembered.9/10"
76561197993306329,Recommended,228300,12388249,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rulakir,"Brilliant story, awesome graphics, great landscape, and very very  cool fashion sense in the in-game world, and to top it up, a relatively good looking, smart and in some angles, sexy as hell female protagonist. Conceptually, its a very nice mix of Inception, Matrix, Blade Runner, and Total Recall.Here are the cons though:- Gameplay wise is very linear, with the places you can explore limited, and the things you can interact with pre-determined for you (i.e. you can't walk back to places that you've explored before).- Combat is interesting, in that you can chain combos, but that's where the lackluster bits come in. The type of combos you have is pre-determined for you (i.e. you can't create your own, but have to live with the ones built into the game), and you have to ""unlock"" them based on how many enemies you kill so far- Most of the game has you climbing and jumping all over the place, with a few nice interesting puzzles to add to the mixSummary:This game is definitely worth getting when it's on offer. Replay value is limited. I'm not likely to play this again unless its to see how the various memory mixes play out, or to get the rest of the achievements/extras. For those of you who are into fashion design, the game does have some very very nice looks that you may want to have a look at."
,Recommended,228300,12458834,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TrashCat™,"amazing game, awesome storyline, awesome gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,228300,12482527,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,<hennTil,"While the mechanics contain nothing new, perhaps apart from the create-your-own-combos system, this game has perhaps the most compelling story I have played in a long time. The combat gets slightly repetitive, the quicktime event-ridden (mini)boss fights are bland, and the puzzles are easy.With that said, however, I absolutely adored the setting in all its grim, dark glory. The visuals are astonishing, the score is brilliant, and the story appealed to me in every way.TL;DR: if all you care about is innovative gameplay, skip this one. But if you enjoy a good story and some beautiful design, do give this a spin."
,Recommended,228300,12590178,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zombie_Chan,I think this game is way underrated. The combat and combo system is intersting. It's a good game for people who are fans of the cyberpunk setting.
76561198019090860,Recommended,228300,12392205,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,rsknight,"Great game over all, the only negative thing for me was the combat system which they try too hard to make it different from other games and in the end it feels clumsy and impractical, but don't let this turn you off, it's not that bad and also combat is not used too often. The visuals are some of the best I've seen in a video game, the art direction is beautiful. And the music, wow, the music. This game has the best soundtrack I've ever heard. Really, is that good. If you don't want to try the game at least get the soundtrack, if you liked Tron Legacy's music by Daft Punk, then you will like this one too."
,Recommended,228300,12397905,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,IlyriaPrime,82/100 A very good game. (Personalily its one of my favorites) It features a strong story and exceptible combat although at some points the fights get a little anoying as it can feel like the game is kinda out to get you but the story of the game more than makes up for it and the seanery is very very well done I can happly give this game my seal of aprovell and  recomend it to anyone looking for a nice cyberpunk game with a good story and decient combat.
,Recommended,228300,12401591,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[Linux] ivdok,"Real gem of a story and a brilliant level design result in complete immerse into dystopic future. Too bad there won't be any sequel - if it'd get open-worlded sequel like The Witcher does right now, it would definitely blow competitors off the scene. The only downside is a bit too arcade controls' system - it's playable with PC Master Race's default tools aka mouse and keyboard, but for full immerse it also requires gamepad, which is a modern PC games' plague nowadays. Thankfully, this doesn't extend to graphics - not only they look fitting and have that ""hand-made"" feeling, but the technical parts of the game like 3D skyboxes and texture stretching are nearly invisible to end-player, which is an advantage. Most modern pop-games like Skyrim feature blurry (or, as I call them, soapy) textures, or unrealistic ""outer world"", or like-a-sponge-physics. Be sure - this one piece of art DELIVERS pleasure from looking upon. 10 out of 10.And memorize that soap only belongs to the bathroom, not your livingroom. GJ, Dontnod."
,Recommended,228300,12576505,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sulerin,"From beginning to end, Remember Me stays true to its name in a variety of ways that I leave to you to discover through its satisfying gameplay and story. That said, some commentary:As is with many games, the avenue that the character must follow through each map has but one successful approach, so there is some suspension of disbelief that a character who can leap as Nillin does is yet at other times unable to jump over the smallest of obsticles in her way at other times, unless the game needs you to in order to move forward. That will hurt replayability, but some will enjoy going back to old chapters to find the collectables that were missed the first time through.I appreciated that the game provides tips during gameplay if you seem to be stuck with how to defeat an enemy or proceed forward - the game typically waits a healthy amount of time to give you a chance to find a solution, then sharing a hint before frustration truly kicks in.The environment and effects are fantastic. Combat is a bit of a puzzle at first, but once you figure out it revolves around structuring good combos, it works well. Between puzzles, memory games, remixes, combat and jumping around, gameplay remains interesting throughout - as does the story and its characters, good and bad, as they evolve.Highly -highly- recommend the use of a game controller for this game. Keyboard/mouse controls are unreliable, misleading, and will cause you no end of frustration during more complicated combats."
,Recommended,228300,12649104,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,NismoTimma,"Pros- Excellent Graphics and Story, Great audio...music and voice acting. Fluid controls with good fighting and combo systems. Excellent boss fights.Cons-Camera controls suck. The world is rendered so beautilfully but the stupid camera makes it difficult to see stuff. The camera also makes it hard to see your objectives and hidden items.Highly recommend this game, especially if you can get it on sale. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,228300,12241519,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ringfinger,"I love a good story and this game did not dissapoint.  There are a few bugs regarding 2 specific boss battles, which can be worked around if you destroy the minions before destroying the bosses... but outside of that... the art and story make this game worth playing through.  Watch for it to go on sale for >20 bucks and you won't regret it.  Button mashing will not win this game."
,Recommended,228300,11462891,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,There we go,"It's a gem :DGameplay, graphics, atmosphere, (german) voices, you never saw that before, you never saw that since release again.Do not be mid scored at the beginning, once you reach neo paris after half an hour or so....it will be the best gem your eyes and brain ever focused.Amazing +++"
,Recommended,228300,17686557,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"I absolutely loved this game! It's certainly more than I exptected from what I had heard, but then again you should never listen to Yahtzee too seriously. It's very interesting and hits you with interesting twists throughout the story.As a platformer it works really well with the Sensen pointing to the nearest ledge that's possible to climb and the combat is quite fun, though I struggle to remember the combinations. I really quite like the main character and how everything unravels at the end. I'd highly recommend this game not only for it's story, but also very fun gameplay too :D"
76561198045379093,Not Recommended,228300,31135202,Posted: 14 April,all,rubicante_le_fou,"I wanted to like this game. It has a nice story and voice acting, nice graphics, takes place in a well built dystopian future... But I find that the combat system makes it a chore to advance through the different levels. A shame given what the game has to offer."
,Recommended,228300,12537721,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,OptimisticRayofSunshine,"Love love love it! The artwork is amazing, the storyline gripping and I love the fight scenes too. I can't stop playing this."
,Recommended,228300,12377792,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,sQuaLL,"Great story, captivating main character and nice visual effects. Fighting is a little disappointing but overall a great game!"
,Recommended,228300,12379350,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,blackshark64,"Score: 7/10This is the kind of game you play for the story and if you enjoy the combat, upgrades, and bosses along the way its a bonus. The atmosphere in the game is top notch with the exception of not being able to explore since this is a very linear game. Certain fights will be a complete chore because they require specific powers which have cooldowns. You can lower the cooldowns, amplify damage, and regen health by using combos. You can change these affects in the combos with the combo mixer tool. Honestly I didn't use this until the end of the game because I was set to easy difficulty... which I suggest unless you actually want to play it for the combat. You do gain upgrades both via collectables and through the story itself. The story upgrades play into puzzles in the game which honestly can hardly be considered puzzles.The feature to mess with people memories is gravely not used often enough. Honestly I think this should have been a stealth game with combat elements where you temporarily take over someone for fighting or puzzles. This game has no guns but does have a gimped similar item you use later.Over all though I loved the game purely because the remixing of people memories, the story, and the atmosphere.Fun Factor: 7/10Controls: 8/10Graphics: 9/10Replay: 4/10Story: 10/10Sound: 9/10"
76561198084091097,Recommended,228300,12413930,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,little_devil184,"Great game. The combat system took a little while to get used to. However, the story was very interesting."
76561197968488826,Recommended,228300,12265732,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SeventyX7,"This is a very stylistic experience and there is a good story buried somewhere in that experience.Unfortunately, it is barely a game.  Remember Me can best be described as a series of large circular arenas to fight groups of enemies in connected by linear jump-to-the-next-ledge ""hallways.""  Every so often the game rewards you with a cutscene or zoom out to show all the beautiful scenery.The combat is repetitive and clearly takes a back seat to the scenery.  This is best illustrated by the final boss fight which is made maddeningly frustrating by changing the camera angle for the fight, making it different from every other fight in the game, and thus making it near impossible to see what the hell you're doing.The best part of the game is the ""mixup"" sequences.  These are best described as cutscenes you can fastforward or rewind through to find parts of it to manipulate.  These sequences end up being puzzles to find the right combination to achieve a desried result [generally to kill somebody].  If the game had focused far more on these, the game would have been much better.  These were the best part of the experience, but unfortunately there were only 4-6 of them in the entire game.If you can pick this game up for 5 dollars, I'd say it is worth playing through just for the mixup sequences.  I played on hardest difficulty which was really, really easy for anyone who has played a Batman game.  There was a good story, which suffered from the haphazard pointless fights the game felt the need to force you through.  Had they abandoned combat entirely and made it a more Heavy Rain/Beyond Two Souls experience, this could have been something amazing."
,Recommended,228300,17332632,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rk_fraGGers,screw all the reviewrs.. after seeing mixed reviews i skipped this game at the release tym ....after got this game on sale i played it n completed every inch of it has to offer ..n really liked the concept ...totally recommend the game... story bit flat but its accpetable...combat is fluid n u can custtomize it as u want whic is a good thng...ai is dumb sometyms at find it easy on most certain points even on hardest difficulty...get it n play it remember me is a good game .. dnt go wid the reviews
,Recommended,228300,34903163,Posted: 12 September,all,tHere,IT. IS. PERFECT.
,Recommended,228300,8566546,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kavery,"A great Concept, Great Combat System and what could of been a reat story. Sadly all poorly done.Don't let me wrong a good game but nothing to brag about. I scored it a 6.5 reaso are below.The concept which I found to be the best part of the game is remixing memories, what is a very morally wrong thing to do but what everyone would want to do. and is donr ery well, the only problem being that this all important part happens only 4 times in the entire game. possible spoilerone of which ends up as a redo of a previous memory. Otherwise they nail it almost perfectly. And could carry the game with all the padding.The combat system is good very good, but seems to me like it is only half done. In the game ya can customise 4 combo strings which have specail effects on each button and can be altered freely. What leaves me feeling it half undone is the enemies. i can class 3 types. light, heavy and mech. Now 3 is a fine number, but I feel that none gratify the system. Light ya done every hit or two, heavy ya just pounding combos, and mechs just annoyed me to hell cause ya have to use the slegde hammer gun thing. And the only answer seen in game to make it progressively harder is 1) more enimes or 2) speaical abilities, such as invisility or ya own start to get hurt by ya own combos when ya hit them. Ya will find a type of enemy either increaible easy or really hard. No middle ground for good fight which is challenging and not iratating.The story had so much potenial at the start. Morally, Direction and Choice. Easy for twist, complex intriues and well lots. but ope it becomes a story book, i almost felt it would be better if they made a movie. They skip over everything that would make the story good like it needs to be rushed out and then forgot about. It story could be bullet pointed and still have the same impact.As for the soundtrack, ambience changes a little every now and then. othin impressive but dose it's job. But where the prolem lies is the complete flat dialogue, most the game the voice actors feel like they are doing it in monotoes, even the supposedly emotional parts.Now this is the only part that would make me say this game is truely bad.LEVEL DESIGN. It is visually beautifull ut that all. Going through a level is like being on a train. One route tightly scripted ( at least ya will neer et lost ), there is almost zero aility to explore, and it ya try well death awaits. Aother show to how little free done is give is ya get ya to be honest cool little un and then ya can only use it when it needed. so ya can see that ya have to use it to continue at a press of a button.  Anyhow the level feels like they made a winding corridor and ya have to walk it, with a odd random pointless battle thrown in to keep it form bein really booooring.Overall a great game badly done. if ya got some spare time give it a play but do't bother with  putting it on ya wish list.Gameplay                 5     (mainly for bad level desgin)Mechanics                10Story                        5Music and Voice       4Graphics                   9overall, a sad 6.5 for a game that really should have more, but i would look forward to a squeal if they can sort there majour problems out."
,Recommended,228300,7647977,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Pso,"Had great combat system, has no weapon use and was all melee. The story was decent but lacking in length and depth."
76561198033646438,Recommended,228300,19033948,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DarkSonicPT,They are the guys who made Life is Strange!
,Recommended,228300,20045610,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,leonthesleepy,Will update once i Remember to finish it.
,Recommended,228300,13563074,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,"Orion, the Tornado","Not the best game ever made, but I absolutely loved the characters. It's a very pretty story driven game with a gorgeous protagonist and an under-utilized game mechanic that was the main selling point. I loved it. Run, you clever boy!"
,Recommended,228300,20346930,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bad girl.悪い女の子.,เป็นเกมที่เล่นแก้เบื่อได้มากเลยทีเดียว แต่สำหรับเกมนี้แนะนำซื้อตอนปีใหม่ดีกว่าเหลือไม่กี่บาทเองไม่กินสเปคคอมด้วย ซื้อมานานละพึ่งมาวิจารณ์ -..- เกมนี้8.5/10
76561198000608773,Recommended,228300,21882862,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"This has to be one of my new faverits.if you like the cyber punk style its awsome, but it has bits and pieces of many other games that I love. aspects and mecanics.It is definatly worth playing."
,Recommended,228300,15881314,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Novablast Shockwave,"Bought the game because  Nilin was a strong sexy  protagonist and i like  her  personality as well.I also  likeed  the concept of the story.But I Got to the end of chapter 6 on  normal level   and  it was not fun any  more so quit.I just was not mot for me .The Boss fights are too long and drawn out  the mechanics of the game are frustrating ( elite, brain lock , invisable  etc)im not really a fan of jumping  dodging  games ,I  give it  a thumbs up  for  Nilin  and the stroy but a thumbs  down for everything else."
,Recommended,228300,20596953,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,A Turkey Sandwich,"Honestly one of my favorite game I've played. Fun, intuitive combat system, a good storyline, and it looks pretty. Very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,228300,30343068,Posted: 5 March,all,Carlos Danger,good but forgetable.
,Recommended,228300,34267694,Posted: 15 August,all,ARex,"Overall this is well worth the play.On the positive side, the graphics are gorgeous - excellent thought and effort put into making a dystopic Paris.  I especially appreciated the attention given to colors in the game and the use of the black & white motif.  The fight sequences are worthwhile, simple combos easily executed - though as others have said, after a while it does get a bit monotonous.  The premise of the game (a tyranny based on the collection & sale of memories) and the story execution is pretty good.  Throughout the game there are some nice touches here and there worth noticing; I would have liked to see more.  The first play through is a good bit of sci-fi action.On the negative side, the game does get a bit dull after the first playthrough so hunting down achievements is a bit of a grind (if you are into that sort of thing).  The cut scenes, although beautifully rendered, cannot be skipped - so you have to watch every one of them again and again.  Finally, I have a problem with any game that uses the autosave feature as does this one.  It prevents a player from screwing up their game and saving right before they get clobbered or right after they've screwed up some crucial element of the story, true, but it also prevents the freedom to stop / start the game when the player wishes or to pick up at a specific point in the game rather than at the beginning of a save sequence.  Consequently, if you miss a certain achievement or you want to play only one section of the game (say the memory mixes) you cannot so do but have to play the entire boring chapter over again.  Nuts to that!!!Everything taken into account, though, I'd rate this game as worth a try."
76561198060518343,Recommended,228300,12978694,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Supa-Troopa,"The combat AND platforming is somewhat clunky, the storyline logic starts to fall apart mid-game, and crash down in the end.BUT.The art direction and visual style in this game is one of the best there is. Only Mirror's Edge come to mind as a possible competitor, but it was much more simplistic, and hence — easier to keep art in-line. The music is kinda nice too.I usually don't recommend games that fall short in gameplay\storyline, but this one deserves an exeption.I will remember it."
,Recommended,228300,9800849,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jolly Rancher,"Kind of blown away, I heard bad things when this was released so avoided it for a long time.  Saw it on a steam sale and decided to give it a shot, it's fantastic.  The story is enthralling and the world very well crafted, with tons of detail and things to see.  If you play games to experience new worlds this is definitely a game you should pick up."
,Recommended,228300,15859333,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,六和尚,"Recommended if you like sci-fi/action films. And yes, I refer to this as a film intentionally, because that's what it's like playing Remember Me. Lots of cutscenes, one of the best dystopic futures ever created in a game, and the voice acting is excellent. Unfortunately, it's a very short game (even if you die a lot), the character development is patchy (some characters aren't introduced well and some just suddenly disappear in the story) and little replay value (unless you like grinding for achievements). Wait for the 80% off sale or more. If you aren't interested in those features, then I'd give this a pass. But if you are, this is an amazing experience. Remember this soon."
76561197979337900,Not Recommended,228300,35233300,Posted: 26 September,all,guitar_chick05,"The premise of this game is extremely interesting; however, it clearly was developed with consols in mind. The keyboard and mouse controls are...picky. I ran into issues multiple times where I could not get her to drop down to the next ledge even though the indicator was there, issues with the Aug Eye, and the targetable weapons. I finally quit in the fifth chapter when I consistently ran into control issues that made the game unplayable on a keyboard/mouse setup."
,Recommended,228300,27846467,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lunavixen,"The cyberpunk aesthetic and music go really well with the premise behind the story, and the dissonance between the classes of citizens on Neo-Paris is very striking and thematic. The combat is not way over the top nor is it terribly bland. That being said, the game is easier to get a handle on with a controller rather than keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,228300,27842241,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hothgremlin,"Using the well balanced ""Batman"" game mechanics, Remember Me introduces a rich high-tec world with way better story than Mirrors Edge. Nominated for ""Villain Most Need A Hug"" - Award."
76561198076891104,Recommended,228300,27897678,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vandal,Amazing game i love it especially the epic enviroments
76561197978133968,Recommended,228300,29360083,Posted: 19 January,all,discsurfer,A very good intro and story - looking forward to completing the game.
,Recommended,228300,32494395,Posted: 16 June,all,MehSwag,"""Let me take your privacy, your social lifestyle, your rights, and of course your life""K"
,Recommended,228300,32552581,Posted: 18 June,all,Fortune Fog,"Fun, interesting story, fluid combat. Pretty graphics."
76561198080419382,Recommended,228300,16330025,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,yrpanzer,<3 <3 <3
76561197969244340,Recommended,228300,30042052,Posted: 19 February,all,Dongalore,"An entertaining 10 hour Cyberpunk adventure story that is worth playing through once.  The story itself involves a bleak futuristic Paris where a corporation called Memorize has taken control of the majority of the populace through their memories and allowed them to create a surveillance state.  You play as Nilin, a rebel soldier of the group called ""Errorists"", who is intially captured but escapes and trys to regain the lost memories taken from her.  All the while trying to bring the downfall of Memorize.  The graphics and art style of the game make future Paris a beautiful yet bleak place to explore through.  The orchestrated music score with it's mixture of techno is quite good, it's just ashame they didn't release an OST for it.  The combat gameplay itself is decent yet the Remix segments are by far the best parts of the game.  If you've ever played DONTNOD's other game, Life is Strange, then you can instantly tell that the Remix portions of the game helped influence the Rewind mechanic in that game.  I also found it interesting that the main protaganist, Nilin, seemed to inspire the appearance of the main character, Max, in LIS.  Overall, if you're like me and I decided to give this game a try because you enjoyed LIS then you may be disappointed if you were expecting a similar experience.  It's still a fun game and I give it a 7.5/10."
76561198051454371,Recommended,228300,29986202,Posted: 17 February,all,HotFlow,"Breathtakingly stylish and unique in its design and story.  A real piece of art, thought provoking, a game that stands out in a sea of production line monotony that is todays gaming.   Could do with awith a couple more gameplay elements to complete the picture if I was to be overly  pedantic.  But in all, a very memorable experience, something that will haunt my the echoes of my mind for some time to come! 9/10"
76561198004949187,Not Recommended,228300,8031108,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Veteran Sergeant Servius,"Kinda pretty, but retread story, terrible voice actors other than the main character, repetative play, rediculously un-interactable, linear environments."
,Recommended,228300,11381399,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dana,"Lookie! Another game with a female protagonist, refreshing. Lol. Really liked this game because of Edge and his voice and Jax, because I love pandas. Heh. Now, I don't like it in here is the poor camera angles. Was playing this at my mouse and keyboard and the angles where a little bit a pain for me, but when I plugged my controller, it seems better and that's good. The repetitive combat and the lack of fluidity in Nilin is ugh.. Every game has a cutscene and you can choose whether to watch it or skip it, but in here, you have no choice to skip it and that is bad. At first, my view at this game is ""Meh. It's a good game but not that great."" But as I played through it, it slightly changed my mind. I liked the story. 7/10."
,Not Recommended,228300,15042749,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zardu Hasslefrau,"IntroductionWhats up with ironic names in video games these days? Does developers have a challenge between themselves who can think of most ironic title for a game? Do they then have little award ceremony where the most creative dev gets awarded with a box of Jack Daniels tells acceptance speach and drink himself to the sleep? But I digress, Remember Me is a classic beat 'em up game that is set in not so distant future where everybody is sharing the memories through new technology called SenSen. I can't imagine myself sharing any of my awkward memories with anyone, but in this game it feels like memories are being shared like unflaterring pictres of you on facebook. Game starts with a commercial of different people telling about their experiences with the memory sharing technology and how it has improved their lifes to some extent. After that you see the protagonist somewhere in hospital with her memories being erased. From there you progress regaining her memories and special abilities.The PlotThe protagonist is a memory hunter, a person, that steals and sells certain memories of certain individuals. But Nilin is special, she can also remix memories as she pleases. In the very beggining of the game, Nilin's memory is wiped and someone called ""Edge"" helps her to escape medical facility she's in. As Nilin progress she enters a sever where she encounters her first enemies. Mindless and deformed, these things is an example what happens when you overdose on the memories and overload your SenSen technology. You will meet many variations of so called ""leapers"" with specific way to dispose of each them. There's plenty of characters you encounter in the journey, but unfortunately, all of them are boring, stale and you can't relate with them on any level. The new task is given to a player: to regain all memories. And so the quest begins.GameplayFrom the first look the gameplay resembles what would we get if we frankenstein Deus Ex: Human Revolution visuals with Assassin's Creed (1) clunky controlls, but with fists. I wouldn't call it good since it gets boring real fast due to linear corridors and repetitive nature of the game.The only redeaming feature I really liked is assembling your own combination when you want. There's different types of hits you can add to your combination: healing, to slightly reduce cooldown of a special skill, hit that deals more damage and a hit that doubles the effect of previous hit. You then can add them in particular slots which are marked with 'fist' and 'foot'. I found myself using short combos that you get at the very beginning because they are easy to pull off and with good timing you can land them easily, dealing great amount of damage. I expected better scaled difficulty as my first play through I was Memory Hunter difficulty (hardest possible), but all I got was artificial difficulty when enemies deal more damage, you do less damage and it takes a lot more effort to kill bosses. Unfortunately, the unique parts of the game were so short that they were over in a blink of an eye. Thats right, Memory remixing. Another thing I didn't like was quick time events in boss battles. It's especially irritating when you see a strange icon on the screen and you can't tell which button to press and the only way to know is by trial and error. And lastly, the cutscenes are unskippable and it ruins fun for those who already completed the game once. Overall gameplay is pretty poor, but bearable enough to finish it at least once.ConclusionThe reality is that the game is bad. You can't skip cutscenes, combat quickly becomes a chore, quick time events, lack of customization, poorly written, uninteresting characters and dialogue, boring boss battles. This game won't be temembered, as title suggest."
,Not Recommended,228300,8537709,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Darkin20,"Pros:-Great Graphics-Fluid Controls-Good Music-Good Ambiance-Interesting storylineCons:-bad camera (too close to help explore)-can't explore **-no attention to the real world**Paris does not allow tall buildings in the old district*Fance has universal healthcare so Olga would not have to take the bounty**This is the big one that did it for me. You have all this open concept but you arn't allowed to explore it. at least open it up a bit like ""Uncharted"" to let you think you have more options. You can only jump where it says you can jump which is only to progress the story yet there are so many places that look like you should be able to jump to. Very frustrating."
,Not Recommended,228300,10236150,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Sheptard,"Man, the graphics are so pretty... but the controls are super hard on a PC.  ""Get a game pad.""  You might say.  Meh is my rebuttle. This game is pretty, but not worth that sort of effort.  2/5 based on controls, voice acting, and combat system.  I felt like it was trying to cross the Batman series (with the combat) and Mirrors Edge (with the style).  Might have turned out good if the developer hadn't drank during its deveoplment."
76561197960549525,Recommended,228300,23658607,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Zorgalord,I should finish that game someday
,Not Recommended,228300,25557916,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,happy_emi,"Gameplay is basically composed by two different parts: exploration and combat. While combat is fun (at least at the beginning) and fluid, the exploration part is uninteresting: the game shows you where to go and where to jump with a yellow arrow; it's so straightforward the I wonder why they created these sections at all.Setting is great, scenery is beautiful, characters are interesting (given the standard in this kind of games) and the story is decent.So why thumb down? Well because even if the combat is fun, it becomes very repetitive after a while and, given the subpar exploration phase, the whole experience becomes dull pretty quickly.The game becomes quickly a chore and setting, scenery and story aren't enough to continue playing. It's still worth trying if you can find it at less than 5 pounds (like I did), otherwise, there are better games out there."
76561197970369393,Not Recommended,228300,34401171,Posted: 21 August,all,Ænima,god i hate QTE in games ...only paid £4 but not worth it when games have QTE.. so uninstalled
,Recommended,228300,12618194,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,sani,"Mind games done right""Remember me"" is a well crafted game in a beautiful setting. Neo Paris is simply stunning. The presentation and artwork ""Remember me"" offers isn't seen very often and I can't praise the level of detail enough.When you start the game your character Nillin had forgotten nearly everything. She has to escape from a dystopian prison in which the prisoners are robbed of their memory. In the grand scheme the story is nothing really new, but I really liked the character development Nillin undergoes and the the fact that all the characters in the game have a real motivation for their actions which you can understand. The twists in the story aren't as obvious as in other ganes but at some point you'll know in which direction the writing will go. And while the story may be not original, it is told really well while it doesn't start to get boring. Overall I needed about 10 hours to beat the game and I enjoyed every second of it.You acquire a variety of skills and abilities which you can use while fighting or while solving little puzzles. All of the abilities are enjoyable and useful. You will need every combat skill from time to time which is assured through the variety of enemies you face. While the combo system could have been a little bit more thought out, it still was fun to switch around the different kicks and punches.The boss fights were memorable, at least three of them were really great. The amount of enemy waves you have to face sometimes can get a bit tedious but most of the time I didn't thought that I was just fighting for the sake of it. I'm not really a big fan of platforming so Remember me did it exactly right for my taste which means, it is easy as hell. It's really hard to miss jumps and even in situations where you're under pressure you can always count on the auto save system of the game which is never far behind in case you die.The most fun I had in the game was when I mixed my first memory. With the help of a mind controlling glove you can go into the mind of certain NPC where you're able to play with the memory of a certain event. I really felt like I was playing ""Final Destination - The Game"". You try out different scenarios in which you try to kill certain characters. While all only happens in the memory of the person you're mixing at the moment it still has big consequences in the end. Mixing plays a huge part in the story and is really well implemented.Overall I had a great experience, the game may not be perfect in every aspect but it did a lot of things really well. I was satisfied with the ending and the experience I had. In the second half of the game I became emotionally invest in the characters and how their story might turn out which doesn't happen very often in those type of games. If you're remotely into brawler games with a good portion of platforming and a great story, you should try it out."
,Not Recommended,228300,9503487,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Same Bear ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ,"Can't skip cut scenes. If you've started a chapter and decided to stop at the very beginning, you'll have to watch quite long scene again. If you want to hunt for collectibles, again, watch it all. Can pause, can not skip.Can't go back to previous checkpoint when you realize that you've missed a collectible. This is incredibly annoying. Also game has a habit of locking doors behind you. So when you just want to take a quick look through the right door and then get back to the left one, prepare for your options to be cut without mercy. Damn infuriating.Combos are useless. You only need one or two. Combo creating mechanic is also useless. You can put one hit into exactly one combo. And there's barely enough of them for two long ones so you'll have to edit combos in the middle of the fight. This means that having one long combo which you modify is enough. But modifying mid fight ruins the action.Also among all the hits only 4 chains are really good, and you can only acquire 2 or 3 without special effort. So I did not even bother buying most of the rest. Had about 5 unused keys in the end.Camera is ok, views are great, levels are mostly linear, characters are meh. Car crash part of the story was nice, rest about revolution and struggle is not realy inspiring.Sometimes the game makes an effort to help you and sometimes it punishes you for nothing. For example in some jumping puzzles there's a convenient ledge you can grab on in case of a wrong move. So you don't have to start all over. But if you fail during a fight, all your focus on restart will be gone. So you will be in a worse position than before.Also quick time events. Argh.P.S. Why the hell people rot and mutate because their memories have been messed with! What's up with that? And how is that evolution if it happens in one life span of a single specie."
,Not Recommended,228300,8454734,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bænlynn,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game. I just wish it wasn't a game. If it were a movie it would be a perfectly serviceable, boilerplate action flick, it would be worth paying to see. As a properly fleshed-out TV show with depth and backstory building as we go you would have me as a fan from Day 1... as a game however, I'm glad I got it on sale.Graphics, lighting, sound design etc. Games don't get points for these things anymore. Remember Me looks good, and sounds nice, I'm not going to give it points for that when even small-name and indie titles can manage to look superlative these days.The story for Remember Me drags you in from the very first frame, which is TRULY impressive, and it is well presented and delivered even if the plot and premise feel as though they stepped out of the 80s. Nevertheless it's well worth it for the story. The memory rewriting mechanic is actually SUPER fun, and despite the clunky console port controlls really requires an element of thought that calls to mind an adventure or puzzle game in a really good way. It is engaging and drags you into the gameplay and game world in a way that... well everything else, can'tThe combat tries to be innovative, and it would succeed if not for the fact that it is klunky and barely two-dimensional. Facing more than two enemies at a time is problematic, and chaining combos together is exceptionally difficult even when you manage to execute the game's 'dodge and continue' manoeuvre. At the same time, I do not feel as though I am in control of the protagonist in the way I would in any similar hand to hand combat game (i.e Arkham City or Assassin's Creed). I am not fighting, I am reacting to ambulatory quick-time events. There is no sense of flow here, more a cut-down form of fighting game button mashing with beautiful choreography to go along with.This problem could be easily fixed with some form of blocking manoeuvre, if there was one this would completely negate the need for the different kinds of moves or 'pressens' (a word I will not use again, ever), power, heal, cooldown, etc. The ability to simply block attacks as well as dodge them would open up the combat and give a greater sense of flow and connection to go with.The second major issue I have with this game is the movement and camera, which are also hindering the combat. Fixing the camera at angles that are non-orthogonal to movement directions is a MAJOR flaw in third-person games. If you don't know which direction you're going to jump away from a wall, how can you know how to position yourself for the jump except through repeated failure? Secondly the camera never behaves in a consistent fashion, often changing distance and orientation between areas which also affects its movement rate and available orientations. How can I go from one open area to another and from being high above the protagonist's shoulder to practically breathing down her neck. These camera changes also appear to 'zero' any keypresses, so say you're walking along and hit a small 'focus stealer' event like an interactive billboard, once you get the camera back you start running. Or say you transition between camera positions by walking from one area to another and suddenly your orientation changes from straight ahead to the right hand sideThese constant perspective changes are jarring and frustrating in the extreme, quintuply so when movement direction is dependent on camera angle as is the case with so many third person games. I just cannot let this slide when third person games have been handling movement and camera a dozen times better than Remember Me for more than a decade. If you are going to fix the camera in an area, FIX THE DAMN CAMERA. Don't change the position and range of motion every 5 minutes depending on what you want to show off. The cinematography ACTIVELY ruins what should be an enjoyable cyberpunk dystopia clas- war story and serviceable close quarters fighting game."
,Not Recommended,228300,9735698,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Constantine,This was never meant for PC. Nice gfx but horrible controls.
76561198145074396,Not Recommended,228300,15843435,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,nandi,"Jump and run with a drunken camera, button mashing and watching the same video piece 10 times or more for a stupid boring mini game. Not recommended."
76561198248772620,Not Recommended,228300,32641938,Posted: 22 June,all,goat™,"Boring.  Too many cutscenes.  Can't run at certain points because you're supposed to walk slowly to take in the scenery or some♥♥♥♥♥♥  Confusing battle system and somewhat aging graphics.  Out of the 2 hours I wasted there was 1 interesting game mechanic (sort of rewind time / memory and alter what happened).  Maybe there's more of this to come, because it was pretty cool, but given how everything else is just annoying I'm not going to play to find out."
76561198037839307,Not Recommended,228300,8757922,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Brodorable,Do not waste your money on this game. I had high hopes for it but the game is stupid liner and combat isn't that great.
,Not Recommended,228300,9701389,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,0V3RKILL,"THIS GAME WAS A WASTE OF MY TIME AND MONEY. IT IS REPETATIVE, STUPID AND FEELS LIKE i AM PLAYING AN OLDSCHOOL ARCADE GAME. JUST CRAP!"
,Not Recommended,228300,11243896,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Legs0fSteel,Let's start with the psoitives:The art style is very unique and very well done it really gives you that future feeling the game goes for combine that with a completely out of the box story and this game had me interested in the first 20 minutes.Now the bad stuffThe combat has no impact what so ever they don't use any slow-motion effects or ''oomph'' to make you feel like your hits actually have power behind them.The anymation throughout the game so far has been floaty to say it lightly againt in combat this matters the character models actually clipp through eachoter instead of bouncing off and even in cutscenes everything moves so weird and non-human it is very hard to look at.The game railroads you really hard to the point in platforming sections it litterakky shows you where to jump to with a brigh orange arrow it's all linear with 1 or 2 side paths to get a collectable and beck on the rails you go.The information during combat is minimal there is no way to see wich enemy you're targetting wichs lead me target an enemy i couldn't take out before i beat the smaller ones but the auto-target kept locking onto that big guy wich i can't hurt.All things considered great concept really poorly executed i would say get it on 70% off and have a few hours of WTF moments but don't pay full price
76561198014876765,Recommended,228300,25140972,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[BcnX] Thuranos,"Well, I didn't expect much from this game but bought it on sale.As you may have seen, it is linear... extremely linear actually, and quite short (8 to 10 hours). The story is great and different from what we're used to. The combat system was ok but not amazingly good, it is pretty hard to finish a full 6 or 7 hit combo just because the weak enemies die before you can finish it.But overall I was really satisfied of the $5 I spent. The story could have been incredibly good in my opinion. If only they went deeper. I may go for a sequel."
,Recommended,228300,25188768,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lokiman,"I got this game after I saw a video describing some cool technical features of its rendering engine... I like that kind of stuff :)The game looks really great and has nice setting/locations. Music fits perfectly and the main theme is epic. Story and characters are also somehow interesting. Gameplay is mixed bag though - combat and climbing are not so fun because of bad camera and controls. I played with mouse+keyboad and it is far from perfect. Also tried a gamepad but it was no good (cumbersome controlling of the camera during fights). Yeah, I really didn't like the combat - it felt like I was fighting against bad controls and camera even though the combo system itself was nice :)Nevertheless I rather enjoyed my trip to the city of Neo Paris. While the gameplay could be better, I recommend this game because where else can you play as a memory hunter who can steal and remix memories? :)"
,Recommended,228300,25215188,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Turkish,Very underrated.
,Not Recommended,228300,25333337,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,UraniumSlug,Freezes constantly so it's unplayable. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t port.
76561198059706966,Not Recommended,228300,24907038,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xsuffer,Meh. Combat system is weird and not very enjoyable. Story falls behind it's potential.
,Not Recommended,228300,13276084,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NullSaint,"TL;DR: Unless it's under $5, save your money and buyMIrror's EdgeandAssassin's Creed IIinstead.  In fact, even if it is under $5, only buy it if you have already played those other two.Full Disclosure:At the time of this review, I have only finished about half of the game. I will likely come back to it some day, but I have too many good games in my inventory to bother with this right now.I had high hopes for this game, and really wanted to like it.  It has a lot of the stylistic appeal ofMirror's Edge, with some added super-coolMinority Report-style interfaces.  Unfortunately, it seems to have taken all their effort to get this far, and the combat and environment suffer for it.One of the biggest complaints I have might be poo-poohed by folks, so I'll get it out of the way.  After 5Assassin's Creedgames, 3Batmangames andShadows of Mordor, gamers have been trained to respond to an attacking enemy in this style of game by pressing ""Y"".  To have this game copy everything else control-wise in the other gamesexceptthat is a bit of a hurdle.Ok, now to the main points:Environment: this is the worst part to me.  There was so much promise in this city--slums and ledges and boxes and rooftops. To find yourself unable to even climb on a box in the street is insulting. To then have these hidden items in places that are not easy to locate is just trolling.  Such a rich world, but it quickly becomes apparent that it's just a hallway with fancy wallpaper.  On the few occasions when a puzzle needs you to interact with the environment, it is often so poorly indicated that I couldn't even tell there was a puzzle there.Combat: So, first there's the whole ""can't block"" issue that killed me plenty of times.  I'm willing to write that off to poor playing on my part.  Unfortunately, that's not all that's bad about the combat. The next thing is the ""combos"".  you get a series of combos, but they are all variations of X and Y, so there can only be a few.  On top of that, the shortest combo is 3 strikes.  The next one is 4, and then 5.  This sounds fine, but since dodging breaks the combo and getting hit breaks the combo, I was rarely able to string more than 3 attacks together when fighting more than 2-3 enemies. So, effectively, I had one combo.  The last issue leads into the next one...Memory scrambling: You learn to remix memories pretty early, and then....don't use it for a long time.  As a central core of the entire world they have built, you'd think they would do more with it.  Really, it is used for the very rare remix, and for exchanging information via high-tech implanted electronics that in centuries past would have been passed via a map scribbled on a napkin.So the point of all this is that really, they had a great idea for this game but didn't have the money, time or talent to pull it off.  Which is really a shame.  You can see true greatness peeking out from behind the bars ofRemember Me, but sadly it will never see the light of day.  I will instead believe that the game was so great that it threatened to destroy the world, and so the government and dontnod conspired to create this game and erased the original from everyone's memory.EDIT: Oh!  I can't believe I forgot this.  The developers speak French, and I don't.  And evenIwas offended by the pronounciation of the French words in the game (Saint Michel, La Bastille, etc).EDIT on 07/24/2015:I finished the game the other day, and have a few things to add. You do a lot more remixing later in the game, so that is something. In fact, it gets a little tedious, which is kind of funny considering the huuuuuuge gap at the beginning.  The combat is still highly repetitive and still sucks, though I was able to pull off longer combos. It was still difficult to know when an area was open and when it wasn't, although later in the game you spend more time inside, so it's more clear.The story is amazing. The world they made is amazing. But the gameplay is just not up to it. If you can get it for <$10, do it. Beyond that...go playMirror's Edgeagain."
,Not Recommended,228300,25456239,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●Developer: DONTNOD Entertainment×°×★Summary Review★×°×Overall Rating: ★★☆☆☆ [2/5]Story: ★☆☆☆☆Gameplay: ★★☆☆☆Sound: ★★☆☆☆●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●★OVERALL★I was severely disappointed by this game. The trailers make it look like an action packed thrill ride supported by a story rich environment; something like Batman meets Assassin's Creed in a Blade Runner universe, but sadly it fails at what should be a sure win formula. I'm only giving 2 stars for effort, but you've definitely flunked the class DONTNOD.★STORY★This is one of the biggest drawbacks for me. It feels like they decided to make an action game based off the success of Batman and Assassin's creed set against a cyberpunk backdrop, but they forgot all about the story and just shoe-horned in something to justify why you're doing any of the crazy things they ask you to do. For instance, the first chapter of the game is all about you escaping from prison, because you'll surely die if you stay there. Fast-forward to chapter 4 and suddenly you're being asked to break back into the prison again. Because, you know, that makes sense. It's not like you could have just done whatever you needed to do in the prison while you were there in the first place.The character interaction is just... awkward. Dialog feels like it was written by a twelve year old boy that just saw Blade Runner for the first time and wanted to make a fanfic with boobies.★GAMEPLAY★Supposedly you're able to customize your combos and chain interesting moves together to ""make your own"" playstyle, but all the moves are basically the same and there's no real customization to be had. Not to mention you have to buy a $4 DLC just to get some extra moves.You can heal yourself by hitting people in the face, because, you know, that makes sense too.Zombies can cloak themselves like ghost in the shell meets Left 4 Dead, because, you know, that makes sense. And to make them visible, you have to turn on a conveniently placed light switch that only works for about three seconds, then you gotta hit it again with your virtual bullets (which doesn't break the light switch at all! even tho you just destroyed a crane with it early) because... that makes sense.You have these powerful combo chains that involve about five or six combos that you'll never get to the end of because you'll have to hop around the place like a rabbit on cocaine trying to avoid getting hit by your enemies. Say it with me now, ""because that makes sense!""★SOUND & MUSIC★I never thought a game could have bad music, but I've been proven wrong here. The music is terrible. It's bland electro-house music mixed together on some free app on someone's phone, I think. Cutscenes are WAAAAY too loud and the rest of the game is far too quiet, so enjoy turning your volume up and down for the entire game, because that makes sense.★BUGS & BOTHERS★I'm not even gonna bother with the ""Bugs & Bothers"" section because this entire review is already filled with them."
,Not Recommended,228300,18721922,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,TUSHAR451,"Let me start by saying that Remember Me has a very rich and detailed world and setting, unlike anything I've seen before. However, the game fails to capitalize and build up on its world. The characters are forgettable. You'd expect such a game to have memorable characters and set pieces. Nope. What was supposed to be an engaging sci fi thriller/mystery turns into some generice plot. Simply said, the game has squandered its unique potential.Oh, and the gameplay is utterly repetitive. Although you can ""design your combos"", it is largely usesless as nothing is more efficient than simply mashing ""X"" (on the 360 controller) to take down enemies. There are a variety of skills you can use and also a gun mechanic, but the base combat is really boring. So, I'm sad to say that Remember Me has the concept nailed right but the execution is severly lacking."
76561197985232409,Not Recommended,228300,11324808,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,jergabo,"Remember Me is a nice looking game with a competently done story that completely falls down on gameplay. Visually, it's amazing. There's a heavy influence of the Fifth Element or the comics of Jean Giraud with a lot of references to classical art and modern graphic design that looks great. The plot is fine, even though it's really just the same ""person wiht a unique ability overthrows a sci fi dystopia"" story that's been done a million times. I'm not going to bother saying much more about those elements.The problem with this game is that at some point you have to stop looking at the pretty pictures and actually start playing. There are three parts to the game: platforming, combat, and memory remixing. I'll cover each of those separately.The platforming consists of selecting the correct direction to jump and then pushing the jump button. I know that technically you can describe any platforming game in that way, but in Remember Me that is really all it is. For most of the game you have a single path you can select. If you try to go the wrong direction or do anything at all other than pushing in the proper direction and then pushing the jump button, the game will usually just ignore you. At least that's true for the actual platforming sections, the floaty controls will sometimes send you flying off of a ledge for no apparent reason when you're not actively trying to jump anywhere. A couple of times, in the earlier levels, there are timing-based sections, where you have to figure out the proper timing for jumping, but there are really just a handful of them in the game as a whole.The platforming sections do have one benefit, I have to admit. They are often used to show off the great visual design of the game to good effect.The combat is third person brawling built around doing combos that you modify by plugging moves, which can either damage enemies, heal you, or speed up the cooldown timer on your special moves, into a preset series of button presses. So, for example, on a 360 controller the first combo is X X X. Each X can do something different depending on what moves you designate on the opitions menu, but ultimately you're just hitting x x x over and over again. By the end of the game you unlock a total of four combos to plug the moves into, and those are the only ones you will ever get. This results in most of the combat being very repetitive, as you use the same combos over and over and over again.Later on, other abilties are added to the combat. These include special moves and a very simplistic shooting mechanic that just involves locking onto a target. These help break up the monotony of doing the same combos, but aren't themselves interesting enough to save the combat.The memory remixing sections should be the centerpiece of the game, since the entire plot is built around Nilin's, the protaginist, ability to do this, but iit sn't done much in the game, and isn't especially engaging when it is done. The short version of the story explanation is that Nilin can alter people's memory to make them do what she wants. This is done via a mingame in which you rewind through a video of a person's memory and then alter things by locating ""glitches' that appear as orangish spots during the video of the memory and hitting the ""alter"" button until they remember events the way you want them to. So, if you wanted someone to remember that they hat coffee you would go back through their memory of drinking coffee, pause it at a glitch on the coffee, and then hit the ""alter"" button to make the coffee taste terrible.There is some attempt to make these sections into puzzles by giving you different choices on what to alter and occassionally providing choices that will do the opposite of what you want, but I really never found myself putting any though into what needed to be altered. The choices are usually so obvious, when you're given a choice at all, that the only difficulty you might have is jmissing the orangish glitches. So the memory remix sections are really just glorified QTE sections that you can rewind at will.That covers most of the meat of this game. There are a handful of puzzles scattered around the game, but they are so brief that their effect on playing the game is negligible and none are clever enough to warrant mention.If you still want to play this based on the visual style alone, I'd suggest you consider Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. It is a similar game with equally gorgeous graphics, but has more varied gameplay and better polish overall. If you've already play Enslaved, then all I can say is this is a lot like that but not as good."
76561198021757575,Recommended,228300,3380768,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,EEEEEEHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,228300,12856217,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AbyssalHawk,"Just finished this game.Pro:Beautiful setting (if you have been to Paris, you can recognize many of the lesser well known landmarks)Story with a twistStunning artworkFair boss fightIt brings back a lot of memory of Paris.Just the right length for a story.Cons:Poor camera control, get annoying sometimes with keyboard. Use C to reset might help."
,Recommended,228300,34315847,Posted: 17 August,all,RedInkling,Really cool game pls buy it I really need a sequel
,Not Recommended,228300,23679899,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jimmy,"It's pretty good for one playthrough. Five dollars maximum, not a penny more."
,Not Recommended,228300,16028511,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,White Shadow,"I wish Steam had a neutral option. I would recommend this game. However it'll have a big list of ifs and buts, and I can only say get it when it's heavily discounted.Now to explain my experience:I was initially intrigued by the game's setting and the concept of stealing memories. It's a fresh concept and started off on a good foot. However, as the game went on, the story started to get less and less interesting, filled with a large number of tropes and cliches, and the worst of all, feeling padded with levels that were way longer than they should've been. The game can be summarized as a collection of cutscenes connected together by tonnes of climbing, combat, and stealth sections, which often repeated in every single stage.I enjoyed the combat. It was fun stringing together combos and making each hit in a combo do something, like heal self or reduce the cooldown on skills. Getting a chance to dodge whenever I want, and we've got a very dynamic combat, enhanced even further by fun S-Pressen skills, which act like special abilities, such as a short fury burst, or slowing the enemy reactions, or even making machines turn on their allies and self-destruct.The boss fights were either love or hate experience for me. I enjoyed some of them, like the Zorn robots, but the ones against some important characters were irritating, because most times they were completely invulnerable to everything but one skill, and unfortunately the skill you needed to use would go on a long cooldown after you use it. Even with the help of cooldown reducing skills, this still dragged out the boss fights way longer than they should've been. To make boss fights even worse, you had to finish each boss off with a series of QTE button presses. If you make a mistake, the boss heals some health and you have to keep fighting them.Another common gameplay mechanic is the climbing. It's very similar to Assassin's Creed style of climbing around buildings and rooftops, except it's pretty much 100% linear. There are no big cities to explore. You pretty much make your way from one ledge to the next the entire time. At times you'd be forced to do stealth sections, where you must avoid getting seen by drones. These drones could insta-kill you if you got in their field of view, so making one tiny mistake meant an instant game over, and not being able to save whenever you want, you'd often be taken back to the last checkpoint.Lastly, the game also had rather cool memory remix sections, where you had to alter someone's memory and make them think that what really happened was different. It's an awesome idea and I thought it was great, but there were only 4 such sections in the entire game. Moreover, despite how cool they were, I don't see them being fun the second time round, when you already know what to do.Overall I was a bit disappointed. The game had a nice premise, a cool setting, and both the visuals and music were nice too, but its gameplay suffered for the most part and got very repetitive very fast, and the story got less interesting in the second half. Because of this, I can't recommend it to most players, but I think some players will enjoy it very much."
,Recommended,228300,9624636,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Pro Player NA,love it! really easy but beautiful world and awesome history
,Not Recommended,228300,22509170,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,GoodLake,"I was very disappointed in the game. I could not even get past the first episode due to constantly jumping over enemies instead of attacking them, and when i did end up attacking them it took maybe 50 or more hits to kill one enemy (Literally)my first issue was optimization, but of coarse i fixed it.Me personally i do not like this game, i do not find it fun to take forever to kill one single enemy (Leapers) and be stuck in episode one. i know i didnt even play the game for a whole hour, but for a good 15 miniutes i was stuck fighting a group of enemies non stop. and non of them would die no matter how many times i hit them.I requested my refund."
76561198275892818,Not Recommended,228300,25067314,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Brad,"Clunky controls, bad mechanics, boring combat."
,Not Recommended,228300,24511893,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Get some!,i had to change the reolution to beat a boss
,Recommended,228300,7399797,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Azundris,"Beautiful and atmospherically dense, it's like a mix of Batman: ArkhamCity's fights, with some Mirror's Edge thrown in, but it doesn't play to its strengths -- too much fighting, not enough platforming, not enough memory fu (remixing happens like 4 times in the game). Would have preferred fewer levels in an open world to endless game on rails (especially given how much of it is repetitive fights). Combo lab is nice, but ultimately doesn't save the fighting. Easy mode isn't. Don't buy until it gets into the $5 range. Could've been excellent had it capitalized on what sets it apart."
,Not Recommended,228300,8585007,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Technobabble,"I bought this game because of the story concept, sans consideration for reviews from metacritic or others.The Good: Intriguing elements throughout the story.  Reminiscent of Ghost in the Shell.  Simple combat structure. Decent visuals.  Excellent at providing puzzles for the player to solve before advancement.  Musical score adds to the futuristic feel.The Bad: Glitchy with targeting abilities.  Graphics feel dated.  Environment feels like it is on rails, despite containing depth. Most cutscenes aren't skippable.The Ugly: Combat system isn't implemented well for the trusty old mouse & keyboard combo.   Same with camera angle; allows some control (too zoomed in, IMHO), but not enough to be useful.  Found myself cursing at the sudden shift of view angle during combat entirely too many times."
76561197971194978,Not Recommended,228300,8595644,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Infearno666,"This game is completly broken. I am stuck on the use mouse/right stick to look around section of Chapter 0. I can look around but no matter how much I do so, with the mouse and my pad, the game wont move on with what I assume is a controls tutortial. I advise you avoid this like the plague"
,Not Recommended,228300,8804378,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Razzreal,"Feeling the need to write a review and I have only started the first couple chapters....stunning, beautiful, very very well designed levels, neo paris is amazing, cyberpunkesque  landscape.  Music is very well done.  While I havent gotten the hang of the combat system yet, it seems annoying to have it based on combos yet if u have more than 2-3  guys to fight at once youll almost never complete it because of their interupts and your need to dodge. So I will say I need some more practice before I figure that out I may be doing something wrong. Needless to say, most of the time it feels like a big budget movie you get to play and interact with.UPDATE: Story = inteteresting, art design =amazing, gameplay= AWFUL it really is a janky unsmooth unthought out combat system. The whole point of it is combos and the computer ai doing its best to stop them. That's an ok start but simplly almost EVERY major fight stops being about the combos and becomes about using the extra abiliiesl, so it basically removes about 90% of your combat effectiveness(ie the bosses block EVERYTHING aside from these cooldown type moves.  I am not super far in but i am playing on the easy difficulty and starting to get frustrated,  I want to like this game more but its a great idea not done well."
,Not Recommended,228300,8893648,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Toneriko,"Potentialy great game, good story but with 'Battlefield sized' bugs - avoid unless bored..."
,Not Recommended,228300,9176664,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sycraft,"This game is just very... Meh. It isn't BAD, but it isn't very good either. It really isn't engaging in any way. Combat is ok at best and gets rather repetitive, even for this kind of game. The parkour stuff looks nice, but isn’t that much fun. The visuals are really pretty good, but it is stunted by the fact that you can’t go and explore what is really a pretty interesting looking game world.You probably won’t hate it if you buy it, but your money is better spent elsewhere as you are likely to just stop playing it from lack of interest."
76561197989669744,Not Recommended,228300,9556615,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Disbeat,played threw it and didnt like it its not as its claimed to be and your constantly being told what you can climb on and where to grab next for something that when it came out was said to be open and have a system of climbing like assassins creed this games far to liner and i uninstalled it after finishing it and not putting it back on my comp. and theres times you look threw a windo and go thats a 2d back drop trying to be 3d the parts that looked great were but the rest i say give a pass and i hate saying that but i was dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,228300,9618569,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mattchops,"I would recommend getting this game while it's on sale. I definitely do not think it is worth buying at full price.The dialogue is incredibly cheesy and their themes on society are pretty heavy handed. The memory remixes are fun at first, but turn out to be simple trial and error ""puzzles"" as the game goes on and are fairly infrequent.The combat system is pretty rough and unrefined. The scripted fight scenes don't do much for the fun factor and end up being pretty monotonous. Just button mash your way to the next cut scene.You can see moments of potential in the game sprinkled throughout, but none of those parts are ever capitalized on. It ended up becoming a chore to finish."
,Not Recommended,228300,8734191,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Decompiled,"Remember Me is not a good game. Set in a future Neo-Paris, a technology called Sensen allows people to store and share memories. You play Nilin, a memory hunter who can remix memories. The concept would have been cooler and would have been more interesting if this wasn't such a warn path in film and television. I can personally recommend Joss Whedon's Dollhouse as it also has a strong female protagonist, but also a much better story and pushes the concept of altering memories much further than anything that Remember Me even eludes to. And I think this is a big sticking point with the game as it just isn't very interesting.Graphically Remember Me is very nice, but as a third person adventure game it is very linear, the combat is boring on the side of being way too long and repetitive, the platforming is easy as all the jump spots have floating arrows next to them to tell you where to jump to. The reason why the floating arrows are there is probably because because the environments are so nice, it is almost impossible to navigate all of the invisible walls and climbing dead ends without them, especially since there is no Assassins Creed type procedural climbing engine at play.A few reviewers have mentioned that the four brief remix sequences where you get to edit someone's memory is cool, but these are just trial and error puzzles that require very little skill and aren't particularly interesting. But if you like the idea then I can recommend the film Inception, as it is very similar in concept, but pushes the idea much further than Remember Me. If Remember Me had of taken the whole memory storing, sharing and remixing further than you playing a character who can't remember anything and needing to steal the memory of a keypad door code from some guy, I would have enjoyed this more, but it didn't.For other memory altering films I can recommend, The Final Cut with Robin Williams, Dark City, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Total Recall, 50 First Dates and Paycheck as they all take the concept much further than Remember Me or does it in a much more interesting way.Remember Me is a missed opportunity. 2/5"
76561197970436838,Not Recommended,228300,9567246,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,aliengmr,"For those looking for value in a game for every dollar you spend, move right along. But if you don't mind splurging for a bit of fun, then by all means go right ahead.Remember Me isn't a ""bad"" game, its just not that good.1. The story is so-so and not terribly original.2. The art style is nice but the graphics aren't great.3. The level design is boring and so it the platforming.4. The fighting/combo system is interesting, I just wish it was in a different game. Though there are a few QTE's and they really kill a lot of the fun.5. Unbelievably repetitive. You have to wonder if the inhabitants of Neo Paris 'platform' to work trying to avoid the obvious open areas.6. A little buggy. I have a pretty stable system and have had my share of buggy games. This falls in to the catagory of ""port"". Its not bad, but clearly not a lot of work was put into it.I can't say that I don't recommend it, under certain conditions I would. Like if its on sale. Beyond that you really wouldn't miss much not playing this game."
76561198057602409,Not Recommended,228300,8598724,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ArchfiendJ,"It's an alright game. Visualy it's great, the story is quite good, but gameplay is poor. Too linear, a combo system were you think you can customize it but not really, the commercial features - memory remix - happen only a few times in the game, and don't leave many, if not none, options.If you buy it at full price you may be disapointed, maybe at -25% or -50% you'll have a good interactive movie."
,Not Recommended,228300,8541156,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Von the Wat?,"This game is a falure. Extremely linear and unbelievably repetitive, it tries to take elements from popular games: fight mechanics from Batman Arkham series, wall climbing from Assassin's Creed and QTE from practically every bad game out there. Combining it with horribly linear environments and repetitive fights, combo system that forces you to repeat the same combo over and over again instead of being creative about how to use them and you get the picture.But it is sad. Because if you remove the gameplay, what's left is a very beautiful and captivating movie for some reason stained by gameplay that should not have been there to begin with. Visually stunning environments with augmented reality elements look brilliant and the main character is very interesting and well-designed. For that, and only for that, this game is worthy of getting at the maximum discount. Otherwise, don't bother, watch it on youtube."
76561197980746678,Not Recommended,228300,8666214,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Grak,"Anyone who claims to actually like this game is a shill. A lot of hard work went into developing the game's concept, but the gameplay is tedious, the story is weak, and opportunities to alter NPC's m,emories were too few and less interesting than they should have been. Redbox it for a console if you feel compelled to play it and then write me a thank you message for saving your precious gaming time and money. Even at the discount I bought it for I feel betrayed."
76561198049718951,Not Recommended,228300,8416015,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,frenchvelvet,"There is virtually no freedom in this game. It is very pretty to look at, but that's about the only thing it has going for it. You just end up doggedly following instructions forever."
,Not Recommended,228300,9586719,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DarkZergkill,"The beginning is just an uncreative tunnel, constantly slowing you down and taking controll away from you. It just screams ""LOOK AT MY BEAUTIFUL ART, LOOK AT MY BEAUTIFUL ART"" and wants to be put into an gallery.Lost interest, because i would like to play a game."
,Not Recommended,228300,8422987,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SharpShot.gif,The game has a great story and the fighting would be top class if it wasn't for the poor port to pc. The camra alone is really bad. You can edit the config to change the fov to a more comfortable setting but in doing so you brake the UI.
76561197985352126,Not Recommended,228300,9611527,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Alklun,"Incredible artistic vision of the future. Boring mechanics, story, and extremely linear gameplay."
76561197998609830,Not Recommended,228300,8531467,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ai controlled player,wel could be a fun game. but it keeps on crashing all the bloody time. even after i made contact with capcon about this matter.
76561198015166636,Not Recommended,228300,8756826,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Jaina,"Buyer beware: requires VSYNC turned on at all times or a 3rd party framerate limiter, unless you have a rock solid video card and cooling system. Otherwise the menu screens and cinematics will run at however many hundred/thousand fps they can get away with until something melts."
76561197992098037,Not Recommended,228300,9581698,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,grauekatze,"Very much like Tomb Raider without the good bits. Looks great, sounds great, reads great and plays sleep inducingly boring. The combat is lackluster and uninspired, the platforming is even less interesting that in Uncharted or the AC series... it's a good ""experience"" you could say, interesting world and story and all, but as a ""game""... no. Not enough interesting things for me to do, only to passively experience."
,Not Recommended,228300,9244859,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Patrick Mackey,"This game could have been really good. Unfortunately, it is  horrible! This is thanks to a horrible camera, unplayable fight mechanic and  a psychopathic protagonist who really does feel more like a villain, devoid of any empathy."
,Not Recommended,228300,9281643,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,griffonscribe,"I really wanted to like this game. It had a lot of promise, took a lot of risks, and seemed like it was headed in the right direction during the first hour or so of gameplay. Unfortunately, Remember Me started out strong but ended poorly, causing me to try and push as quickly as possible just to end it. The primary thing that drew me to this game was the story. The story seems to make sense at the beginning of the game, but becomes riddled with plot holes and ambiguity later on. The game play was very reminiscent of the Arkham Asylum/City games, and even threw in a twist of letting you build your own combos. Unfortunately, this too gets a bit stale as you only have about 4 combos to choose from by the end of the game. The memory remix segments were genuinely interesting and a welcome change of pace, but they were few and far between. The dialog was probably the weakest part of the game, varying from tolerable to laughable. There were several moments where I literally rolled my eyes at how bad it was. The game itself has an interesting style, and it seems like it could have been something great. Sadly, it falls short of this on several levels. I am hesitant to recommend it unless it is massively on discounted."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,228300,539547,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Haapy,"Hrm. So disappointing. I wouldn't say it's a *bad* game, but it could have been great and missed. The art's nice, if you're into pretty pictures. Otherwise, it's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,228300,7944132,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Xciles,"The visuals and the sounds are extremely impressive, the augmented reality stuff is really well made. For example the memory rewriting is impressive. It has a lot of cool idea's which will hopefully be used in other games. It's unfortunate that the game itself is not an open world game or anything close to a game where you can do something else but follow the story. The game is on rails heavy and very linear with a certain boost pack here and there for variation. You cannot do anything else, which is unfortunate. It also tells you all the time what to do next.I do like the combat system, it's quite refreshing. However it also restricts you by not allowing you to do something else. It also seems to not work quite that well combating groups, since you’re dodging all the time and lose your combo. As fun as the combat system is, pressing 2 buttons all the time and using your sensen power now and then is on the other hand not be that fun...The story is very nice as the game is story driven, but the storytelling and the game itself are a bit linear. The cut scenes take up a lot of time and while playing allow you to not do anything else. They are however at various points visually spectacular. Using a different protagonist as most other games was nice.The biggest downside of the game are the camera and the controls. The camera is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥when playing with keyboard and mouse.For a first game, it's quite ok. But it should have been more..."
,Not Recommended,228300,23838419,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cheerylixilis,"One of the most forgettable games I've played in a long, LONG time.Not to mention that one of the plot twists are spoiled in the achivements and the other was so predicable that I knew it halfway through the game.It feels empty and like it's trying too hard.if you feel like playing this instead of watching an arthouse film then get it on sale. But it's in no way worth full price."
76561198072005732,Not Recommended,228300,19029439,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,2_Much_4_U?,One good looking fine A-r-s-e (booty) max settings.  Otherwise really bad game.
76561198054023535,Recommended,228300,9631857,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"Just when you think that there can't possibly be a game with better graphics, original game play, a more unique story line, and excellent music scores, you get a game like this.  This game was a total surprise and excitement for me!  It totally submersed me into the game and constantly intrigued me as every turn with unpredictability throughout the whole game.  This game is just one of a few games of 2013 that really grabbed me.  And I would definitely recommend this game to others.  I would say that it reminds me of the Tomb Raider franchise but with a Aeon Flux storyline... However, with all of this good news mentioned, I would suggest that this franchise going forward should gear towards a more""Open World"" feel and not be so limiting.  You do feel cattle herded at times to arenas, down narrow hallways, and easily find the walls and boundaries of your movements as a box.  But despite the limitations this game opens up a bright and exciting new era."
,Recommended,228300,10913601,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aseinsha,"This games very under rated, the combo system, the memory stuff, fights, graphics everythings awesome. Love the game."
76561198063920595,Not Recommended,228300,33064178,Posted: 30 June,all,Egres122,"Alas this game was so close to being good. Interesting story, cool visuals, and some interesting memory manipulation levels. If only they didn't have only like four of those levels. Instead we had a basic combat system, and some platforming moments to increase the runtime. Which they could have increased if they had several more memory manipulation puzzles. This could have been the Portal of memory manipulation. Instead, it's just forgettable."
,Recommended,228300,18850722,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,fattyMcFatFat [GameTame.com],"if the leapers don't kill you, the frame drop will."
,Not Recommended,228300,9647787,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,FluffySquirrel,"Did not like this game, though the art style is nice, it fails at most of the things it sets out to do. The story is generally badly written and doesn't make a whole lot of sense, the combat doesn't flow well at all when compared to such greats like the arkham series, and the memory rewriting sections have awful fiddly controls and only have the one solution.I find it odd that the game has the underrated tag, as I found it massively overrated, many of the ideas behind it are good ones, but they just don't reach what they were after"
76561198026152252,Not Recommended,228300,10275483,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,S. Scruffington,"Cyberpunk game with female protagonist. Gameplay is ok, standard follow this path, do this and that. Combat is a bit button-mashy.Why I'm not recommending this game: Crappy camera controls + shaky camera triggered motion sickness for me, so if you've ever had a tiny bit of motion sickness before, don't pick up this game."
,Not Recommended,228300,31594768,Posted: 6 May,all,Orthopaktis ☦,"Summed up, it's a great idea with a great story delivered in a poor excuse of an engine.Glitches are, while tolerable to an extent, so bad that the game becomes unbearable after less than an hour of gameplay. Immediately from the start, you can tell things aren't going to go right, I'm about an hour in and I've already falled through thr ground twelve times; and that's just the tip of the iceberg. It's parkour system (if you can even call it that) is limited and restricted to specific interaction points and yet time and time again those interactions don't work. It tries to be something between Tomb Raider and Assassin's Creed in it's design and yet fails horribly at both.Cutscenes are some of the least optimized and smooth things I've ever had the unfortune of seeing; getting through the cutscene after the first memory mix was like trying to watch a bad mime show over an even worse internet connection. Slow, stuttering and broken/intermittent audio sums this up; that's even if cutscenes ever load in the first place (over half of the time I've had to reload and redo something to get a particular scene working).Graphics are mostly beautiful and one of the redeeming qualities...until you get out in the city and see how poorly optimized and developed the LOD system is, with opjects loading in as late as two-feet in front of you and distance objects often looking like something out of a 90's shooter. For all I know, this may be the cause of the falling and walking through objects and terrain issue, or it might not be, either way it's a catastrophe for a AAA company to put out something this broken in something as simple as LODs. We should not be having LOD issues in 2013.Loading screens take far too long for the level of graphics in the game, and fail/freeze about 20% of the time forcing a hard exit and reload. My 200-mod Skyrim, Space Engineers and Rust loads faster than this; and those aren't optimized.Story and dialogue are the only real redeeming factors here and even then it's a bit dry/cookie cutter in some places. If feels a little like the developers seen the success of Mirror's Edge and said: ""Let's make something like that, with a strong female lead who's running from a corporate authority structure in a dystopian future"" — and then they proceeded to hire the best writers out there but give them no other input; the result being a great story with great dialogue (when it's not stuttering in a cutscene) that seems to be lacking a strong motivation from the company itself. You can't just hire a bunch of writers and send them off without some sort of guidance; unfortunately that's exactly what this feels like."
,Not Recommended,228300,15931951,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Joker,"I had high hopes for this game, since it's trailer looked really good and it had a unique concept. The story lived up to my expectations, but that was all. I try to be as lenient and generous as possible when rating a game, since a lot of people put a lot of effort and time into it. I played the game on normal difficulty because I was more interested in the story than the gameplay but still wanted a bit of a challenge. I also didn't read any reviews before starting the game so that I would be as unbiased as possible.Plot: 8/10The plot sounded very unique to me. It lived up to my expectations for the most part. It was short but entertaining. It was also the only thing that kept me from uninstalling the game and burying the game deep into my do-not-replay list. I'm not going to say much more than that because I don't want to spoil anything for people who haven't played it yet.Gameplay: 3/10Ok, so here starts the bad part of my review.Movement in the game was not great. I found it pretty hard to get precise movements because I was always running. Trying to climb a ladder was absolutely horrendous and I often had to walk away from it and come back. There were plenty of times where I would say: ""wtf I can't move"" or ""that is definitely not the way I was trying to go"" or ""why can I not just walk up to the ladder and climb the damn thing!"" or ""that is not the direction I wanted to jump but ♥♥♥♥ it""Camera control was just as bad, if not worse. The camera angles were automatically set by the game before I could control them. During battle the camera would lock onto an enemy when I didn't want it to, and when I did want it to, it wouldn't. This posed a problem with both positioning and fighting, as there were almost always objects in the way and I would have to interrupt my combo just so I could see what I was hitting.  There were also times where I wouldn't be able to see an enemy's attack and get hit.Combat was interesting and unique in theory, but in actual practice I would usually miss the timings on the combos or just flat out not attack at all. Yes, there were times where I couldn't attack the enemy directly in front of me and had to back off. I'm not talking about the invisible enemies; it made sense that I couldn't hit them. I'm talking about walking up to an enemy, pressing an attack key, and nothing happening. Dodging was rather frustrating as well because my combo would never continue after landing. I found the S-Presens to be rather useless to me as well and there was no upgrading potential for anything. Also I found enemies either too hard or too easy; it never felt like the difficulty I had selected.There was also hardly any depth to the game at all. I couldn't even talk to NPCs to get the same stale, scripted line over and over again. There were shops and other areas that remained inaccessible to me. I understand the game is pretty much story focused, and the shops wouldn't have proved to be useful at all, since you don't carry items, but it still would've been nice to at least talk to people. Another thing, you play as a fugitive that has her face plastered on every wall and featured on the news, yet I could stand in front of someone for hours. If a memory-stealing fugitive walked up to me, I'd run like a bat out of hell.Memories were few and far between. I think I stole someone's memory about 8 times and remixed memories less than that. That was the whole premise of the game, so I'm pretty upset I couldn't do it more. There was no challenge with stealing the memories either. You didn't have to sift through their mind to find the memory you want, you just press a button and done. Remixing was interesting but overall not challenging at all.There were no puzzles in the game at all, while they aren't necessary, they would've been a nice addition. There was no stealth either and dodging attack drones was easier than taking candy from a baby.Cutscenes. WAY TOO MANY OF THEM. Honestly, it felt like an interactive movie more than a game. Things I should've done as the player were done with a cutscene (crouching under a door for example) however the cutscenes were really well done.I also found myself restarting from checkpoint a few times due to glitched enemies, either they wouldn't die or wouldn't appear, thus preventing me from going forward. Luckily there are a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of checkpoints.Characters: 4/10The main character was, obviously, fleshed out and 3 dimensional. And she was the only one. In the beginning you meet some guy who owns a bar that is pretty much the hub for the Errorist revolution and you see him twice for 5 minutes each time. You remix an assassin's memory and get her to become your ally and that's it for her. Edge is the only other person in the game that has almost as much depth as your character, but overall falls flat. There are a few other characters that you interact with in the game but they are just so unimportant you don't feel anything when something happens to them. Honestly, in a story driven game, plot and characters make all the difference.GraphicsI'm not going to rate graphics since pretty much every game has the same graphics these days. Good graphics is and industry standard now so it's no surprise to me that the game looked good. Even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GT 640. However, I don't play many neo-steampunk games and I found the environment very refreshing. But environment doesn't make the game. That's like saying a book has a beautiful cover but nothing on it's pages so no points for that.AudioAgain, no points here either. The soundtrack was very good but good music is also something we've come to expect in our games. Especially from a huge name developer like Capcom.Price/Performance: 10/10This is basically my way of saying whether it was worth the money I paid for it. I rate games based on $1/hr. For every dollar I pay, I should expect that many hours of play time. The game didn't disappoint in this area at all.There wasn't any multiplayer in the game that I could find, but I wasn't really looking either. I just wanted this game off my list.Overall the game was a 5/10. It had the story to be game of the year for sure but there was no depth or gameplay to follow up. I purchased my copy while it was on sale athumblebundle.comand I would suggest getting it if it's less than $4 or $5. If they make a sequel explaining how the revolution started, filled in the plotholes in this game, how the main character became a part of it, and fleshed out the characters and environment, they'd probably get game of the year."
76561198002272894,Recommended,228300,25530583,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JohnyMT,I'm pretty surprised. Believe me or not - this game is really awesome !+ plot+ combat system+ cool soundtrack+ memory remixes+ innovative game- problematic camera
,Recommended,228300,13334999,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,anqqa,"Sweet futuristic eyecandy world and a kick♥♥♥♥♥female protagonist, aww yiss."
76561198059612278,Recommended,228300,8566503,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JMC,"Good story, it has no replayability once the whole plot has exposed itself. Would have made a better movie than game."
,Recommended,228300,12093670,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pretentieux,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and so original in design and story!  I only got it because it was bundled with DMC4 and I ended up loving it.  People complain that it is linear, but that is how you tell a great story.  This fad for open-world gameplay is not necessary for every title and is simply becoming dull in most cases.  If you want a game that builds gradually and consistently as you move through it, that will challenge you as well as make you think a bit, then give this one a shot.  I really feel bad for the developers of this game when I read bad reviews, because it is one of those games that you can tell were really created with a vision in mind.  This project was obviously very dear to someone."
76561198033046217,Recommended,228300,32188964,Posted: 4 June,all,Wat,.
76561197970900260,Not Recommended,228300,34388112,Posted: 20 August,all,DougThomas71,"This game has a great atmosphere and story and a few intresting mechanics but is let down by the very linear progress through the game. Combat could have had a better initial explanation. Boss fights are a little frustrating because of the very linear end sequence.I bought this on sale, so I'm not too disapointed, would have been very unhappy if I'd paid the full price. I haven't completed the game yet and I think I'll see it through to the end, mostly for the story, but I wouldn't recomend purchasing this game at regular price.Last Thoughts: I have no idea how this game has an overall very Positive rating of 84%, its just not that good."
76561198144989599,Recommended,228300,34357278,Posted: 19 August,all,HomeBoy,SuperDuperNiceToPLay:)
,Recommended,228300,14274873,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,lemo,a
76561197997135515,Recommended,228300,34406143,Posted: 21 August,all,bernieharshman,"Skip cut scenes would be nice. Other than, cool."
,Not Recommended,228300,11926143,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,d_tuned,poop
,Recommended,228300,12300339,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,NoScopeDog,"Remixt somebody's memory, and now he thinks he killed his girlfriend.8/10+ Cool story+ Relevant quotes at the beginning of each chapter+ Neo-Paris looks great+ REMIXING MEMORIES+/- Graphics are okay+/- Fighting and combo's are like the Batman games- No open-world gameplay- The camera placement when climbing wasn't something I liked"
,Not Recommended,228300,33178864,Posted: 3 July,all,Uraxz,"You are a person whos memory has been partially removedwho'll later be equipped with tech to manipulate memory...__________________________________________..Good aspects:- The future aesthetic of the game world- The story/charactersBad aspects:- The story/characters- The combatWhat I've wanted to see:- More use of memory remix- Less focus on arena combat- Choices/ remix choices..__________________________________________..This game looks great but the combat is repetitive despite combinations it quickly devolvesinto: Enter arena beat x amount of dudes, continue with story.I'm disappointed that some of the characters are flat or the story appears to have plot holes.How can you relate to a main character who trusts a voice to manipulateeveryone.Does the memory remix, alter time or memory? Just because you change 'A' to 'X' doesn't mean it'llbecome 'X Y Z', but 'X B C'.If you like a quick story and it's on a low prise sale, maybe get it or watch it on youtube."
,Recommended,228300,7483110,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"I really enjoyed this game. It's an original, thought provoking new IP and we don't get those very bloody often do we."
,Recommended,228300,12540196,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Beyr*QC,"One of the most incredible games I've ever played. Solid storyline, compelling environnements and interesting combat system that allows you a whole lot of possibilities. YOu will fall in love with this game set in Neo-Paris.9 out of 10"
,Recommended,228300,13660618,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smartasshole,I don't exactly know what made me get this game but i'm glad I did. I really enjoyed the story and it had me guessing until the end. I thought the combat was fine but could have been improved on. I got a solid 10hrs of gameplay out of it and it was all worth it in my opinion. I did buy this game on sale but after playing it I would be willing to pay full price for it.
76561198062305279,Not Recommended,228300,16144626,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Senpai!,"Clunky and ""on rails"" experience. Even when you're climbing the game shows you where to go. Fights are made unnecessarily un-enjoyable by flimsy camera work and idiotic things such as ddos something to make invisible enemies have an epilepsy fit. Memory remix mini-game is pathetically contrived..I did not enjoy it whatsoever.Visuals are good, that's the only redeeming quality here and it is not enough to even justify the price tag.Overall. Cyberpunk fail which falls short in almost every department.Recommendation: Buy Deus Ex instead or if you want to rewind time or remix past events - buy Life Is Strange"
,Not Recommended,228300,19149360,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,A.D.Mynx,"This game maybe is good, if not the controls suxx so hard and game bugs like hell. realy sad..."
,Not Recommended,228300,35129782,Posted: 22 September,all,AidenCheng,"An interesting story but lacks logic in some parts. The graphic and music is really fantastic and I really enjoy the battle music.However,considering the bad narrating storyline and awkward climbing system,it's not a wise choice to buy it without a great discount."
,Recommended,228300,24006715,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ProjektOkami,great port from console
76561198137325951,Not Recommended,228300,32033644,Posted: 28 May,all,ZacRupnow,Interesting story on account of the setting alone. Characters are pointless. Gameplay is terrible in EVERY aspect.
,Not Recommended,228300,16097447,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ersatz Soul,"I bought it with 75-80% or something discount and for money earned from cards - that's only justification for buying game.- The graphics is nice, the idea isnt too bad - it feels like it was halfway finished, then guy got kicked out and they did some random finishing moves.  I mean for the atmosphere and nice headstart from the beginning each next chapter much more disappointing than another.- game is damn too short and linear.- It's future - and there are doors that you cannot open to return from where you came. Oh yeah, for the whole Neo-Paris only 1 person has a gun - police chief.- Some story lines aren`t explained at all.- I would be able to close eyes even for this - but damned bugs. Game was published 2 years ago and those still exist?! screw that. First boss - I accidentally died and woops - LMB/RMB arent working. Very inspiring. You need to get on the pipe but woops - it didnt get path marking thus inaccessible- restart checkpoint. You need to interact with object - but it didnt get necessary property on this load - reload checkpoint again. You and your enemy stand near wall - and you will not be able to jump over him- only roll somewhere and break combo. Oh yeah - get wall to your back - and consider yourself stunlocked till death.- oh yeah, on death you lose all focus and regain hp. It's 2015 and someone still don`t now how to save values for focus into savegame on reaching checkpoint?- Combat: LMB+RMB for attacking and Space for jumping over enemies. Sometimes you roll somewhere else instead of jumping - even without WASD pressed. And yes, each combat area is too obvious. You will get tired for whole damn repeating.- ""Angel Wings"" on the back each time you remember past skills - c`mon, that sh_t looks bad even in anime.- Ending: it feels like damn anime ending - crappy and facepalming.- so much only funny part - rewinding someone's memory.If you have money for this game - better find something else. And don`t you dare to buy it for it's full price - damned Capcom can turn any idea in average YOBA-trash. Feels like people, which gave positive review, in majority never played Deus Ex series."
76561198020319566,Recommended,228300,14422534,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nilin,"i love this game: great combat system, climbing 'Lara style', good plot and the main character is so amazingly french.an annoying thing: you can't skip cutscenes"
76561198030126225,Not Recommended,228300,25063390,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,taram.caldar,"Game said it's easy mode would just let me enjoy the story (which is top notch) yet it doesn't.  You still have to fight the same hordes of nasties as in any other mode they just take a little less time to kill.  There is no ""easy"" mode in this game that ""lets you just enjoy the story"".  Was very dissapointed by this because I wanted to just do the platforming and exploring and enjoy the story.  I did not want to have to deal with endless (and pointless) fights with stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that's invisible or just swarms/hordes of stuff that you have to get by on a timer.The game is fine if you're into hack-n-slash but if you REALLY want a game for the story there are much better games out there that let you enjoy the story without endless annoying fights with hordes of tiny stuff that serves no purpose and doesn't enhance the story in any way."
,Not Recommended,228300,16068074,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,mezzy,do you rememberpeppridge farm remembers
76561198036278351,Not Recommended,228300,9537526,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Fish is yum,"The story is very interesting, one of the most orriginal I have seen in a long time, however the controls are HORRIBLE. NO combo recognition, camera movement is either barf-tastic or static no matter what you do to the sencitivity, the jump responce is only 50/50, and climbing or aiming stuff is just plain wonky. Total flop, just watch a lets play."
76561198090442375,Not Recommended,228300,24233525,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zhannos,"Trying to edit it agian so I hope it looks more reasonable this time.+ Good background setting, the concept about future environment is outstanding.- Player get ZERO interaction with the featured environment. ""Lifting a broken door, turn on a light"", oh we could do it in 20th Century.+ Epic music. No argue with it.- The use of background music could be much more better that what this game currently have.-Lack of consistency.This game is like a combination of serveral flash games, the thing is, they pretty bad on those 'flash game' they made. Apart from those, the memory changing part interested me, which only existed 4 times in the whole procedure.-Combat system.IT IS BORED AS FK? Story line. So far the story has not yet suprise me.+ This game came out on 2013, so they could have some excuseS for the failure.*I used XBOX controller to play it, much better than key board and mouse, but it does not make this game better.If you do have LOTS OF spare time, this game could be a time killer, but not a good one.Get it when on sale.I dont recommand this game."
,Not Recommended,228300,17124366,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,fajterini,This game is waste of time :)
,Not Recommended,228300,8477334,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MAFRI,Totaly Bugged controlls... story so far looks really nice...If they fix the controlls this would be a wonderfull game..
,Not Recommended,228300,8581551,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pizani,"I didnt play ths game for very long as you can see but i can tell you that the controls are horrid on both game pad(xbox 360 pad) or even while using the keyboard, you just never seem to have control of the camera looking at the character even though it seem like it is trying to move! on the game pad i tried changing the settings to try and get it to work but again it seemed as if it was trying to move but just wasnt working, but after about an hour playing i gave up as it was just so bad.This game has so much potential but is let down by the controls i mean the story seems pretty intresting and had me very intrigued and the soundtrack sounded really good but with the controls being that bad i just had to give up and i am now pretty gutted im not going to get to give this a playthrough becauce Capcom just cant make a game with decent controls. rant over hope you find this helpful"
,Not Recommended,228300,9074486,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,BriGuy,"Remember Me is a tragic example of a game that has a tremendous amount of promise but is completely underdeveloped.First, the positives.  The graphics are absolutely beautiful, and the setting (a future version of Paris) is wholly original, with lots of bright clean colors, and the neat use of a HUD showing you where to go.  The aesthetics are very pleasing and pretty!Unfortunately, everything else is an absolute mess.  The controls are solid, but the platforming is shamelessly ripped off of Prince of Persia, only there's just one path for every location.  The combat is about the most tedious that I've ever seen in an action game.  You make your own combos based off a single kick and punch button, and each type of attack can either heal you, increase your super bar, or do extra damage - and this sounds way more interesting than it actually is.  It boils down to you making 3 combos out of all the ones that you could do, and repeating them endlessly for the game's entire runtime - and the fight layouts are sometimes done in the most frustrating way possible.  Because some combos can heal you, you're forced to deal with bad guys that literally hurt you every time you hit them, and it as void of fun as it sounds like it is.The story starts out interesting but quickly takes a downturn.  It acts like it's going to be about the loss of identity, and what identity means to a person, but it quickly sidelines into yet another sci-fi conspiracy theory story, with bad guys SO depraved that they're practically like Looney Tunes villains.  When it finally came to the utterly predictable plot twist at the end, I found myself having any sort of trouble caring.  Which is bad, because not every game needs to be about the story, but when everything besides the visuals is either bad or so-so, your story needs to be AWESOME.It's worth checking out on a sale (like I did), but overall this game is not worth the money you'd spend to play it.  If you want to play a neat sci-fi setting, go play any of the Mass Effect's.  If you want to play a game with great combat, go play the Batman Arkham games.  There are other games that do anything this game tried to do better."
,Not Recommended,228300,9559202,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Josh,"This is also a yes, but no because of many reasons...first, the plus side.Graphics are nice, everything is lively.Negative side is...Gameplay is soooooooo repetative, and the fighting is just terrible... if it had a batman arkham series fighting mechanism, then i would be happy, but this is just stupid....honest rating? 5/10."
,Not Recommended,228300,19144346,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ramyland_maelstrom,"Remember MeCamera and field of view are horrible almost gamebreaking for me ( this is a huge flaw - you cant see shietx ) - on ultra widescreen the images are just stretched !The levels are so painful small , linear , guided/scripted and non-interactive and oooohhhh almost forgot horrible boss fight - i can see now why the low scores ! All those exposed break any kind of immersion with the game world ( art direction ) and the story which is too pretentious and melodramatic ( progression  thru dialogues conveyed in cliches mostly ) - recommended only on sale !"
76561198038076189,Recommended,228300,34333497,Posted: 18 August,all,AwNerd,Gareat game 8.5/10 IMO
76561198060421127,Recommended,228300,23679967,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,S1ickReed,yeah
76561198042709286,Not Recommended,228300,9568074,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Asiz,"Would be a good game if the combat system was a bit more freindly. Regaining health seems glitchy with key combos and as thats the main way to survive large attacks, you dont have time to complete the required moves. Play it on easiest level or not at all as youll be replaying fight scenes over and over. Memory scenes are good but as they are vary rare in the game its not worth the agrovation."
76561198035202032,Not Recommended,228300,28453415,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,AutoOnyx,Too button mashy for me. The Xmas guy was the last straw for me.
,Recommended,228300,5516422,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,10/10 SOTY
,Not Recommended,228300,9628554,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,GC Positive,"Spoilers ahead, but I don't think you're going to mind.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1U7bvGtpY8&list=UUIUex9Rd8YqVAbJgVO2CtYg"
76561198077620618,Not Recommended,228300,34489308,Posted: 25 August,all,Nivlek Drol,"This game's stability is TERRIBLE. Online forums recommend playing in windowed mode, with no vsynch or antialiasing... king of pointless to play at all. But even then, the game keeps crashing... it crashed to the point that I have to reboot my computer. This is the most rubish piece of software ever.As much as I hate not finishing games, I can put up with this rubish any longer."
76561198091733596,Not Recommended,228300,13581427,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CollegeKids,terible in short
76561197967324471,Not Recommended,228300,8860056,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,H.U.N.K,Dear god this game bored me to tears the story is quite interesting and the world looks gorgeous its a shame you can litteraly do nothing in it except follow pre determined paths with a sad excuse of an assasins creed style climbing where you can only climb exactly where the game tells you to.Dont even get me started about the snoredom that is the combat in this game its probably the worst combat ive seen in any game ever I didn't even want to get into fights its that bad unresponsive controls stodgy canned animations and boring moves.This game blows Avoid avoid avoid
,Not Recommended,228300,9956867,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"Applaudable that someone actually took the risk to have a female protagonist.  But linear climable surfaces?  Multiple boring memory rewind sequences? FRANCE?  They should have named this ""Forget Me."""
,Not Recommended,228300,9496433,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Stanzilla,"Positive:Graphics (Quality:fine/Style:cool)Story is meh/goodNegative:- Camera- Combo-System - Holy ♥♥♥♥ is it annoying. Game/Keypress reaction is a total mess, you're never able to really do a combo because the game ♥♥♥♥s up and or you get hit by something else in the face that ends the combo- The game forces you to walk very slowly way to often, mostly when talking over the comm system to your partner but sometimes totally random, probably to not get too much attention.- You have to watch every tutorial message again and again when you die to a event/encounter. Imagine how frustrating it is when you already die to a group of enemies for the 10th time and the game still wants to teach you how to select X from the menu or use that and that item when you did not even wipe to not doing what it suggest properly."
,Not Recommended,228300,8284017,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Thunder Vonbadass,"there are only two memorable aspects to this game1. the absolute irony of how forgettable it isand 2. how the only marketable point seemed to be ""everyone else turned this game down.. BECAUSE IT HAD A GIRL IN IT!""the combat is blandthe story is blandand, even on sale, its not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,228300,8503942,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rubicon,Unskippable cut-scenes ruin it for me.
76561197989061651,Not Recommended,228300,8425952,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mraoul,"Mediocre Story ... Mediocre Gameplay/CombatThe mixed reviews on metacritic are spot on. There are a few memorable scenes thrown into a jumbled mess. Every element could have been so much more, but the developers didn't take it as far as it could have gone. That goes for story, combat system, enemies, remix sequences, etc.The game does not warrant the full price tag that came with it, but if you can get it on sale you might want to check it out."
,Not Recommended,228300,9585920,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,BUZZ KILL,Garbage!
,Not Recommended,228300,8411464,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,OMG THEY KILLED KENNY?!,"Storyline was great. I give it a 8/10Gameplay, however, was not. I give it a 3/10Overall if you got a friend who has this game i say you should ask them if they will let you play. Don't buy this game unless it's on sale for less then a dollar. If you want a game with a lot better combo system, go play ""the punisher"" or ""batman: arkham asylum"".There were some places where my screen would go completely black. I don't mean dark, with a hint of light; I mean, completely black, as if my monitor suddenly shut off (even though it didn't). Not being able to see where I was  or where I was going forced me to move my camera around while hoping that bug would go away. Even then sometimes that didn't work, and I would have to wonder around completely blind hoping the bug would go away. Just to be clear: the problem wasn't with my computer, it was a problem with the game itself.The combat system needs some work.Quite often if there was 3+ monsters two of them would try to circle around me and sucker punch me. That's okay, I could handle it... usually. There were times where I would dodge one of their attacks by jumping over the monster I'm attacking but the game would instead interpret that as me trying to flip away, which breaks my combo. Other times I would successfully dodge the attack by jumping over the monster, only to get instantly hit by an attack by a monster. I'll give you an example of what I mean. Lets suppose there are three monsters, Joe, Bob, and Sue. Joe and Bob are in line in front of me. Bob is between Joe and myself. Sue is behind me. Sue tries to attack me, so I jump over Bob... only to get hit by Joe the very second I land. I don't even have time to dodge before getting hit. Why? Because, Joe starts his attack the very nanosecond I start to jump over Bob.I think the combo system is good and bad. It's good because you can mix up your combos. Are you hurting? Go into the combo system lab, swap out a damaging move (aka ""pressens"") for a healing pressens. Are you full health and want to crank your focus up? Swap out that healing pressens for a bonus damaging pressens. However, I think it's bad that it forces you to have pressens positioned in a certain way in each combo. In your kick combo, if you want a damage pressens in the middle of your combo, you have to chose one of the top three damaging pressens. In other words, it forces you to have certain pressens placed in a certain order. There was no information that it was like this in game. I didn't find this out until AFTER I had bought the pressens. When I did find out I wanted to get a different pressens, but the only way for me to do that was to redo the entire episode.There is a problem with the s-pressens UI. I can't hold down any movement keys when I press the s-pressens button, otherwise it won't let me select the s-pressens I want, assuming it will let me select any. However, if someone is about to land an attack on me right as I activate a s-pressens, I like how it will make me avoid the damage, as if the attack never happened.The UI is not very good. This is especially true with the combo lab system UI. It's like some keys are bound to perform more then one function when they aren't supposed to. A good example of this is when you get a new s-pressens. You're supposed to hold down the s-pressens wheel button to bring it up, select the new pressens, and then using the same button, select the new power, while at the same time, NOT releasing that button. In other words, you're supposed to NOT be holding down the button while at the same holding it down. Finally, you can use the mouse to navigate the menus... but it's not worth the trouble. It's a lot easier and less finicky to use the keyboard then the mouse.The (cinamatic) cutscenes were awesome and unique. The only time I've seen gameplay like this was briefly while playing batman: arkham asylum. However, there needs to be a way to skip the cutscenes. There were times where I would do something stupid and die, come back, try to jump a platform, but only die again... all because the person talking wouldn't shut up and let me make the jump.The path you travel from point a to point d is completely linear. You are unable to take any detours while traveling from point a to point d. Despite this you are rewarded for exploring and deviating from the path, as you can sometimes find upgrades. When an opportunity to find an upgrade a screen appears along your path, giving you a clue as to where the upgrade is. Sometimes the upgrade is nearby, sometimes you have to travel a ways to get it. The problem is sometimes while looking for an upgrade you can accidentally go past the path to it, then something will happen that will prevent you from getting to the path while the game at the same time saves your game. This forces you to either skip the upgrade, or redo the ENTIRE episode all over again to get it. Considering it takes 30+ minutes per episode, that can be a lot of wasted time."
76561198045223011,Not Recommended,228300,9556725,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,TJdietz,Do Not Buy This it's combat is unfullfilling and story even worse play tomb raider instead.
,Not Recommended,228300,8735900,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,cracK,Amazing visuals and a cool concept do not make up for the terrible gameplay and story this game has. The combat feels like a ♥♥♥♥ty version of the Arkham games. The story is garbage and the voice acting isn't much better. The only reason you should play this game is if you want to screenshot the visuals from this game to use as a wallpaper or if you're a masochist and enjoy terrible gameplay.
76561198174000090,Not Recommended,228300,23771556,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oh não,"If you take out the parkour and the fighting, focus more on the story and the characters, improve that remixing memory thing into some sort of short time travel and rename it ""Life is Strange"", then you could get a pretty neat game"
76561198060763780,Not Recommended,228300,22354553,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,belaviaair,Game is complicated to start with so♥♥♥♥♥it
76561197970466389,Not Recommended,228300,23119608,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Major_Jackazz,overly generic
,Not Recommended,228300,7429215,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Neon1024,"An utterly superb visual feast. The visual design, aestetic, characters and scenes are superb. Unfortuntly that's it. It's one good thing. Otherwise the gameplay is distinctly below par, starting with jarring slow dialogs, overly verbose tutorials to forced input scenes which slow down the flow of the game.The combat system is confusing and will take time. It's a departure from things like Devil May Cry, button-mash-fest, to a more rythmic setup where maintaing combos means being able to press buttons with good timing in the right order, whilst excessivly using the dodge button at the same time.The boss fights are long drawn out affairs which take a good 5 minutes or so to work out before you are even given any pointers. They all revolve around special abilities which must be recharged using combat, so be prepared to have to fight, dodge and generally run around wasting time waiting for your special abilities to recharge. After all that running around, you're finally greeted with a QTE, as if things weren't bad enough already! If you happen to fail the QTE you face another 2-3 minutes of running around waiting for the your special ability to recharge again to get another shot at the QTE.The story is okay and the setting good, but the visuals are the real winner here. I wouldn't spend any more than £5 on it as you'll be disapointed with the gameplay. If you can stand it for the visuals perhaps you'd stretch to £10, but it's just simply not worth more than that."
,Not Recommended,228300,8475979,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rayzold,"Cleared the game in less than 10 hours in medium difficulty.I would call it a visual novel more than a game. If you enjoy a good short story, you might enjoy this game but I'd definetely NOT get it full price.There truly is hardly any challenge - you just have to find the right way by jumping around. Battles ARE fun but quite infrequent to my taste and the xp system is just bad.No fast forward through cut-scenes during 2nd playthrough made me quit attempting to get more than 56% of the achievements. If this wasn't an issue I wouldn't mind trying the hard mode... But cut-scenes are too long to bother to go through.They can do better than this."
76561198052143149,Not Recommended,228300,15837730,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ghost{SVK},"this 3rd person camera make this unplayable.why something like this is not free, 90% of fights you look to nilin♥♥♥♥♥ must be important see her♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,228300,8463753,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Spiv,"Remember Mehas to be one of the biggest disappointments in recent gaming.The strong premise and setting was entirely under played. Couple this with a failure of a combat system and you have a missed oppurtunity of epic proportions.The idea of a world where bad memories are discarded for better ones filled with 'Hunters' that go around stealing them like some Inception-like spies is enthralling. I look around the beautiful enviroments with glee and awe, yet every turn is a locked gate or some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥texcuse for a turn around. This chokes the player, suffocating them, and forcing a single path that in my own experience caused an overwhelming feel leaving too much to look at in such a small straight area. As the game progressed this never got better, eventually I stopped being impressed by the game's beauty and only cared about finishing it.Even the core mechanic that had so much promise fell straight flat on its' face. Seeing that you are one of the best Memory Hunters 2084's Paris has to offer you have the gift of changing people's memories for your own gain. These far and few between sequences, a whopping four times in an eight plus hour story,only serve as tedious exposition. Now I'll admit that exposition in a plot driven game is crucial, but the way the developers handled it could have been the worse way they could. Instead of manipulating the character's mind in some intriguing way, the sequences devolve into an endless series of repetitive trial and error rewinds. This brings up another one of my major problems with the game... The protagonist is willfully altering these people's memories and in turn personalities. How is this moral, or even just. The comments our protagonist make in the level gap cutscenes blatantly says that only the evil naughty do-dooers justify the means to an end, so is she saying what she does is wrong? ...No, Because there is no punishment or radifications for her actions except one which initiated the game and could be argued has no weight in the true scheme.Lastly, The failed combat. The concept, like everything in this game, falls short. The way that it was structured had me feeling like I was inside of an eight hour tutorial, and because of that no satisfaction ever came. The combat on a whole felt more like padding..Follow the designated path, fight, path, follow, cutscene, fight, path, fight, path...This game was destroyed by its' high ambitions and lack of follow up.2/5"
,Recommended,228300,20276272,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"Tirigon, the darkest soul","Beautiful art style, great world design, interesting story, unique mechanics.Unfortunately rather linear and very short. Buy on sale."
,Recommended,228300,25552460,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineRemember Me is a game developed by DONTNOD Entertainment and published by Capcom. Remember Me was developed by the same people that created Life Is Strange and this game was the company's first game before venturing to Life Is StrangeThe story takes place in Neo-Paris and you play Nilin, a memory hunter who has her memory erased in the prison of La Bastille and becomes a new person altogether, however, a person known as Edge manages to move her through escaping La Bastille and into the slums of Paris. Throughout the nine episodes (named Episode 0 through Episode 8), Nilin will discover what happened to her before she entered La Bastille, her past and the big corporations taking care of Neo-ParisThe story is well written for the most part and some of the characters are likeable, however, the characters are not really well fleshed out as opposed to other DONTNOD games such as Life Is Strange. Most of the characters just appear and are never mentioned againThe graphics are stunning and makes Paris look believable as a futuristic city, together with drones, robots and artificial intelligence. However I did notice some poor texture work here and there and at some moments the game's framerate did dip around here and thereThe sound effects were okay however the music was really well done. It was almost as a mixture of both a blockbuster movie soundtrack and a glitchy futuristic world. The game managed to blend in these two types of genres together to make some enjoyable background musicThe game mixes both platforming with action. The platforming was okay but nothing to write home about. You jump around Parisian buildings and scaffoldings and try to solve some platform bits to carry on. The big emphasis was the combat and this was the weakest segment of the gameThe combat was really poor, clunky and awkward. The game emphasizes you using combos, each you do you can either perform an action strike, a health regeneration, and so on, however, with the brain dead A.I. and annoying, clunky, awkward combat system and the huge repition of enemies, it made the game's combat pretty boringAnother issues was the annoying camera. The camera was way too close to Nilin, so much so that whenever you wanted to see what was next to you or move the camera around especially in combat, it is extremely awkward and fixed too close to Nilin, also sometimes the game's camera would just freak out and go all over the placeOverall, Remember Me is a mixed bag. It has some interesting aspects such as the story, the graphics and the music but also has some flaws such as the awful combat mechanic and camera and the usage of poor texture work and dips in framerateHowever, if you like futuristic stories/settings or like Sci-Fi, then Remember Me is worth a shot!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198003420249,Not Recommended,228300,9020327,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Handy,"There is so much to recommend this game, but in the end there's just too much wrong. The setting and main theme is farily excellent, the basics building blocks of combat are on the absolute edge of being innovative, and there are a few great plot points, but on the whole, the development and implementation of the game just fails. Also, the whole idea of ""remixing memories"" in the gameplay is really A+, but again, tremendous ideas, just no followthrough.Cutscenes are unskippable so when you fail, or you want to replay something, you're stuck watching the whole 30 second to 2 minute bit. The combat ""combos"" try to riff off of Batman, but in the end, while you can build your own benefits into each strike of the combo dynamically to fit your needs, you are just mashing the same (at max) 4 combinations of X and Y. Many of the smaller plot points are poorly explained or contain not-quite plot holes: they are ""not-quite"" holes, because while they don't contradict what you've heard before, they to now allow for you to follow easily with the plot without going ""Well, maybe she did that because...."" And not in a thought provoking way... in a lazy writing way.I'm not sure whether to recommend this game or not, because there are so many great things about the game and then so much that just lets you down, unfortunately. I feel like if the right talent had this IP, it would be tremendous; as it is, it's just mediocre. Which is why I feel compelled to write more than ""It just was awful."""
,Not Recommended,228300,34725183,Posted: 3 September,all,Ginger Baker,Kind of sad. Very stylish button masher. No where near as good as it needs to be. Back off the button combo stuff and simplify it. Would be much more fun. Envireonments allow climbing and jumping but it is heavily limited. Too bad. Can't escape once you are in a set piece so it's easly to get trapped.
,Recommended,228300,30197140,Posted: 26 February,all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,228300,6920135,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Mr. Sweet,"This is great game. The combat system for me was fast and slick, it's sort of like the Arkham games' combat style. The story is fun and has an interesting backstory to find. Worth the money."
,Not Recommended,228300,811608,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"+ Graphics are colorful and futuristic+ Neo Paris looks awesome+ Memory Remixes is a great idea+ Creating your own combos- Controls during combat are unresponsive, and the combat isn't very fun- Only a couple of Memory Remixes- Drags a bit near the end, it becomes too repetitive- Grain filter makes the graphics look unsharp- Interiors are detailed but are mostly dull in design- Neo Paris isn't an open world- Combos are too long to remember during combat[Rating: 69/100]"
76561198046589342,Not Recommended,228300,8450836,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Pink Waffle,DONT BUY IT THE CONTROLS ARE IMPOSSIBLE
,Not Recommended,228300,34344180,Posted: 18 August,all,julym☼rning,"typical AAA game, easy to beat, mash attack button, plays like an interactive movie, nothing challenging and a boring cyber punk story"
,Not Recommended,228300,5184816,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,InkBuilder,"Bad gameplay, bad combat, bad parkour, great storyline, great puzzles, an enjoyable experience overall..."
76561198059516636,Recommended,228300,12308617,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,i will always remember you.........
,Recommended,228300,8674593,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Tuong,"Neo-Paris. 2084.Personal memories can now be digitised, bought, sold and traded. The last remnants of privacy and intimacy have been swept away in what appears to be a logical progression of the explosive growth of social networks at the beginning of the 21st century. The citizens themselves have accepted this surveillance society in exchange for the comfort only smart technology can provide. This memory economy gives immense power over society to just a handful of people.Remember Me™ is a 3rd person action adventure where players take on the role of Nilin, a former elite memory hunter with the ability to break into people’s minds and steal or even alter their memories. The authorities, fearful of her knowledge and capabilities arrested Nilin and wiped her memory clean. After her escape from prison, Nilin sets out on a mission to recover her identity, helped by her last and only friend. This search for her past leads to her being hunted by the very people that created this surveillance society."
76561198281220444,Recommended,228300,34321706,Posted: 17 August,all,CrazyNekoX,I love everything about this game
,Not Recommended,228300,9557056,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"Had high expectations when I originally heard about this game, but it really does not live up to them at all. After a little over an hour of gameplay, the game hasn't shown any fun or intelligent design. It tends to be a pattern of:1) Wander around an area where there's not a lot to do other than progress forward. Sometimes you can find hidden stuff.2) Traverse obstacles (such as walls and things) by climbing in a very slow and boring manner by picking a direction and hitting ""A""3) Fight a small skirmish of bland enemies in a very obvious arena environment by using a couple buttons and pre-configured combo moves, eventually taking them down. The core combat loop feels awful to execute, and really ""dumb."" It's not really worth going into much detail about the ""pressen"" combo system. Managing the combos is very clunky and limiting.4) Repeat. Expect cut-scenes to be peppered in anywhere between these sections. There seems to be quite a lot of useless little snippets from time to time.I got to a spot where I could see the main feature of the game, memory remixing. It was essentially like a video I could rewind/forward through, and look for hot-spots. I could activate these spots, then allow the sequence to play out in a different way, based on what I altered. Altering the wrong things, or not enough things will cause an undesired outcome, causing you to fail and have to rewind and make changes again until you get it right. Seems like a good idea, but a bit tedious as you have to watch the same sequence over and over again. It's supposed to make you feel like a detective or something like that, but in reality it just ends up being trial and error.The game is visually not that great... the screenshots seem to make it look better than it does in motion. Texture quality leaves a bit to be desired, but is probably due to it being a console port. Animations are jerky and awkward. There doesn't seem to be much atmosphere in the environments that livens things up, but the environments seem moderately detailed--although nothing memorable or impressive (at least in the early stages of the game.) It seems to not run as smoothly as I'd expect, either... it runs fine, just seemed hitchy or laggy.Interesting premise, but poorly executed. It's pretty much ""on-rails"", and should have probably been a movie instead rather than a sloppy in-and-out of gameplay experience. If you were interested in the combat, you'd be better off with a game like DmC: Devil May Cry. The other elements of this game are done better in pretty much any other game. I don't really have the desire to play any more of this. Tons of great reviews on meta-critic, but they must have been paid-off or something... unless the story is simply that great or the gameplay changes half-way through the game."
,Not Recommended,228300,23678814,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,🌈 Calcifer 🌈,Combat is always the same.The game itself looks weird.And meh it can be a good game but not for me.I got tired after 30 min so i dont think its worth it.
76561197971194993,Not Recommended,228300,8491649,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nrvnqsr Chaos,Pretty awful. Seems to be suffering some serious consolitus and other than the concept art of the city I remember seeing before buying its pretty generic and boring. Only thing I enjoyed was the remixing scenes which are few and far apart and then boil down to mashing your mouse around until you find every little detail to fiddle with.
,Not Recommended,228300,23700051,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Natecide,Game audio seemed to no play at some parts during the game.
76561198087137569,Not Recommended,228300,26619905,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tommy v2,"Amazing visuals, gameplay and art design. Maybe the best art design I've seen in ages.However, the game is absolutely impossible in terms of difficulty. Laughably so. I can and have beat Ninja Gaiden I & II and I find this game way, way more annoying and had to eventually quit playing and YouTube the ending. Experts only, I think."
,Recommended,228300,34804356,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
76561197970520668,Not Recommended,228300,9508507,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Medereyes,Boring bosses that take too long to beat. It's just a test on how long you can repeat a series of moves over and over for 10 minutes. Clumsy controls although I enjoyed the combat combos. Don't recommend.
76561197976597306,Not Recommended,228300,9566940,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cpl. SIDS,"Don't buy it... no matter what you do... it's a pile of crap, you have been warned.No price is low enough to put money into this thing; the story is hack, the gameplay so buggy it hurts and the combat is slow and repetitive filled with more quick time events then God of War times 100, that you will put it down before you even get to the good part (yes part as in singular) of the game.  The hacking, it is the only bright spot in this game; it's actually quite inspired... the rest does so much wrong though, that it is REALLY not worth your time or money.Pass, pass ♥♥♥♥ing hard man."
76561197974072959,Not Recommended,228300,9556016,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Fetal Pig,no
76561197966445053,Not Recommended,228300,9612237,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,EMPY,"This is NOT a game.  It is an interactive movie written for a console controller.  As such, it has extremely linear gameplay, and a very immersive story coupled with dramatic visuals.  This game has absolutely ZERO replay value, and as such its worth about $7.50.  If you detest consolitus the irritation this causes you (lack of: mouse cursor, accurate pointing, control of the camera, accurate movement) then it would be worth even less."
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,228300,17794043,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Blitzwing,"This game does have annoying quick-time events and is extremely buggy.by each Boss fight you must use quick-time events and I did get several stuck because game is really bad.Example I got stuck at level 5 because the ""gun "" wasnt working""http://steamcommunity.com/app/228300/discussions/0/846958724821164546/?l=germanhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/228300/discussions/0/540738052398885966/"
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,228300,17545474,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"A game with an interesting story and cool setting massively let down by subpar combat, in particular atrocious bossfight with QTE (cancer on gaming).This game could have been awesome if the combat was actually well implemented as it stands it's just a button mash affair with standard enemies. Also, I really don't understand why developers keep shoving QTE into games, newsflash: I don't want to watch an interactive scene, I want to actually PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!"
76561198017099932,Not Recommended,228300,23541265,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ohh,"The atmosphere is brilliant, the dialogue is reasaonably well acted. I'd really like to be able to play this game.Sadly the game is indecently linear and the controls are woeful. Character progression is fundamentally linear aswell.What gives the final 0/10 from me is that I got as far as the Second Episode on the easiest play level and frankly it was too hard - too many people attacking me, and the frustration of not being able to perform any kind of reasoned combat strategy other than mashing the keys meant I started hating the game and its programmers.It was a real disappointment."
,Not Recommended,228300,7834827,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Nebby,"I had hopes for this game based on the setting & story shown in the trailers, but it really failed to deliver for me.The combat is pretty boring (like a worse implementation of Assassin's Creed or Arkham Asylum) with a combo-editing system that I guess might be of interest to some - I just found it took me out of the game world and wasted my time without adding anything. The platforming mechanics are similarly dull, and aggravated by the awful camera and clunky controls. The lazy collectible-hunting aspect adds nothing and doesn't even really make sense (standard fare for collectibles).The game tries to make you empathise (I think?) with the first enemies you encounter, and then expects you to enjoy beating the hell out of them when you could probably choose to run away instead (if the game let you). There is no freedom in this game - it chooses when you run and when you fight. It constantly takes control of your camera, or your whole character. You either follow orange markers, button-mash enemies to death, or watch the game do things for you.The graphics are average, the level design is frustrating, the voice acting is bad and the writing is unconvincing. The setting and premise are interesting, but not enough to save a generally sucky game."
,Not Recommended,228300,32410588,Posted: 14 June,all,Maccer_8D,Unmemorable
76561197994586670,Not Recommended,228300,25020166,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,"Shame...ding,ding Shame...ding,ding Shame...ding,dingIt really is. I  somewhat dig this game and on sale for less than £5 it is REALLY good offer. Art is awesome story is intriguing and combat is somehow interesting (thou it take second to get in to theirs combo mixing thing). Then why on EARTH you give this game thumb down??? You may ask.Well long story short thou controls of character are not bad camera in this game is just demented beyond anything. I know this may sound silly but because of this problem I really could not enjoy this game at all :( I mean even with all positives this one stupid problem left me frustrated 90% of time. It's just made worst by the fact that EVERYTHING else (story,combat,graphics,art) are very appealing to me. But this one stupid thing just spoils it ALL. I am very sad about this but I will unfortunately never finish this game as I don't believe there is chance that this problem will be sorted (it's 2013 game). I would like personally meet guy responsible for camera movement and tie him to chair, then introduce him to my brand new little torturer set. Yes its that bad. I have no idea how this passed beta testing phase. You will play and suddenly every joy is sucked out by fact in that moment you cannot manipulate camera correctly or it just went ""weird"". As this situation occures in about every 3-5 minutes you can imagine all immersion just goes to hell. So yes this game is shame not because it's bad game way from it but because it's brilliant game ruined by one little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ problem that can spoil all the fun in second.SO what is my final verdict this time???In current state with utterly broken camera :4/10If someone god bless fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing (mean camera)9/10PS: Troll comments will be eradicated."
,Not Recommended,228300,10501393,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"So much frustration from poor UI and very poor controls (I am using keyboard and mouse).The game is very pretty. There is no doubt that this game is a very graphically beautiful game and the storey/concept are good but thats about where the good finishes. Playing the game is like stabbing yourself in the knee over and over again, it’s painful. The hitboxes in the game are shamelessly implemented. Hitting a bad guy feels like your hits have weight behind them so thats good but the enemy can hit you when you are 1.5 - 3 meters away (5 - 10 foot). This does not happen all the time but when it does take place it sends me into a rage! I dodge out of the way only to be hit while I am safely out of harms way. Then there is the camera. 3rd person but there is no way to change how far away the over the shoulder camera is and I felt like I was fighting with the camera 50% of the time. To be honest I felt ill/sick and had eye strain the first time I played the game due to this poor camera implementation. I play a lot of games and I play 1st and 3rd person games and only one other game has caused me to feel ill like this in the past. So lets talk about the tutorials… I hear you say “no!”, Oh I say but we must. One part of the game (to be honest a few parts of the game) gives you a tutorial just before you have to battle against many bad guys, so if you die… you get the tutorial again. But what makes these tutorials so mind bendingly annoying is that you wait 2 - 3 seconds to press the spacebar and read another list of instructions and for no good reason wait another 2 -3 seconds to press spacebar to read more instructions to the wait again another 2 -3 seconds to read the final list of instructions only to end up dying to the bad guys… Then you get feed a list of instructions and you have to wait for no good reason 2 - 3 seconds to press spacebar and this nightmare goes on until you kill the bad guys. Moving on. There have been many times while “climbing around” that the controls take on a life of their very own, where up is back, up is behind you then up is down? WT!R? And it’s not a one off, this happens almost all the time. WHY?So basically play the game if you don’t find frustration is something that happens to you easily. It’s mostly a good game but I would not recommend getting it because when it comes to it, the game should be fun but in the end it’s just a bucket of frustration that been cast into a bin of poor implementation thats been coated with some pretty colours.3/5"
76561197998197307,Recommended,228300,34165255,Posted: 11 August,all,Small dick; Fat tits,pretty dope imo to be honest
,Not Recommended,228300,32040983,Posted: 29 May,all,ColbyWanShinobi,"First reason for thumbs down: QTEs. No, just no. NOOOOOOOOOO! STOP IT!Second reason for thumbs down: TWICE I spent more than 5 minutes fighting a group of enemies with minibosses only for the end of the encounter to never trigger. Encounter music is still playing but no more enemies. I guess I'm just supposed to do it over again, huh? That whole tedious, un-fun, fight? NO!Rest of the reasons: The story line is meh, the controls are just meh. The combo system is uninspiring. The tutorial sequences at the beginning are intrusive. The leveling system is meh. Overall, I found this game tedious. I was having to force my way through the game just for the sake of being a completionist but after the second forced-do-over-mini-boss-battle. No thank you.Oh and you know that ""so-cool"" memory-editing stuff they have you do that they demoed at E3, you very seldom do that. I got 71% through the game and only did it like 3 times. WTF? Just no. NOOOOOOOOO! God, I'm so annoyed with this game. GTFO!"
,Recommended,228300,22113626,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,711green,Awesome game.Such a shame there is no sequel yet.9/10
,Recommended,228300,24505675,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"This fighting, combo-based game is way too good and artistical to be criticized, and even if this game can't do it all the time I simply won't add complains to the list with any specifics, because it deserves a lot more cumpliments. And for all the publishers who didn't wanted to helpDontnodto launch a female based game, just because the chick likes some dude in this plot, Well I have a word for you:Go fukc yourselfs.As seen athttp://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-03-19-why-publishers-refuse-games-such-as-remember-me-because-of-their-female-protagonistsWe're gamers, so act like it. The more diverse, the better the immersion."
,Recommended,228300,8431774,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Paradise Decay,"I'm loving this game, the artwork and world is stunning, the combat is fun so far. I don't see what all the past negativity was about. You have to love the game for its style alone. So glad I picked this up in the Steam Xmas sale. Brilliant!Ignore Metascore this game oozes class!"
,Not Recommended,228300,16812735,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Meccanica,"This is a neat game with a cool female protagonistuntil you try to play it, and discover that it is a heap of garbage that I hate.I played it in offline mode and steam apparently doesn't track those hours.In this game, the nefarious Unskippable Cutscenes has teamed up with its devious ally, Terrible Checkpoint Timing, in a plot to make any challenging part of the game completely infuriating, and make re-playing any section as boring as is imaginable.Players will follow protagonist Nilin as she tries to act kind of like the Major from Ghost in the Shell, while also listening to voice clips from a Character Portrait Guy (named after one of the members of U2) that seems to know instantaneously about everything you do or see. With his expository guidance, you fight back against the Evil Corporation that can control memories but inexplicably still has PR problems.You'll also encounter interesting characters like Unrefined Combat System, Uninteresting Customization, and It's Hard To Tell Which Enemy You Are Targeting... but can you really trust them?!?Embark on a narrow, unbranching journey through a relatively typical dystopian future, from slums and sewers full of mutated people shouting angry nonsense to indicate that they are insane, to rooftops and verandas populated by horizontal bars for you to climb across, and into apartments and offices of people who monologue about themselves a lot to indicate that they are corrupt.The plot might have some more unique twists later on... I don't know, I didn't finish it because there is too much terrible game between the beginning and the end of the story."
,Not Recommended,228300,34381448,Posted: 20 August,all,mcp928,"W...T...F...?I really thought this game was going to be better. Basically take Batman (Arkham *whatever*) for the fighting. Remove blocking, and counter attacks, and replace Batman with... I forgot her name already. Then put it in Assassins creed for the exploration, but make all the climbing etc. completely linear, and balance it on the edge of a mirror (get it?). Now get your story cues from the original Bioshock, but replace Atlas with a cardboard box. Finally shove all this between the player and what looks like a cool story. Then, just to make sure the interface walls are as thick as possible put in a poorly mapped quicktime event with rewinding to ""edit"" memories. And just because this fail boat needs a flag, put a big ""console port"" banner up. Seriously, moving the mouse casues the menus to scroll rolodex style. If you must port, at least try.All that aside, the story (chapter 0-2) looks really interesting. The game just gets in the way."
,Not Recommended,228300,26136126,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,student 20,"Well, you had me for a while, there, Remember Me... until you turned into a game about mind♥♥♥♥♥♥(every time you see the censoring, just think ""Forcible, non-concentual violation of the mind or body""; if you're still oblivious the word starts with the letter R) .Look, I get that a lot of people won't get why this bothers me so much - or, indeed, why I even say it's about mind♥♥♥♥♥♥ but... here goes.It suffers a bit from obviously being designed for consoles and not weathering the shift to PC so well, but that's a thing I usually have no difficulty getting over - either I use a gamepad, or I adjust. No harm, not foul. The setting is interesting, the setup is cool, and the first ten minutes feel like you're in for a fantastic game... which you probably are, if you don't have the same hangups I do. I'm not apologizing for these hangups, mind you - just establishing that my take may not be yours, and very slight early game spoilers are coming.The game, as I said, starts out well. The controls are clearly optimized for a... well, controller, which is fine. I love my mouse and keyboard, but I do recognize that some games are just plain better with a gamepad, and this really is one of them. The combat is a bit strange - putting together your own combos is a really cool idea, but takes getting used to. The world you're in is beautiful, in a modern cyber-punky kind of way. The main character has amnesia (TRITE), but seems interesting, and the NPCs look... well, mostly like cardboard cutouts, to be honest (let's make this dude William Gibson Archetype A, and this chick can be William Gibson Archetype B...), but they're perfectly servicable for the story being told and the world you're in, so whatever.Then, after you reach a certain point, you come to what is the main special power of the protaginist: mind♥♥♥♥♥♥In order to defeat a foe, you go back and edit her memory so that her motives change. You literally (and I literally mean the literal definition of literal, here) dig into her memories of the most painful event of her life, and then re-write them to suit your own motives.No. No, just no. This one act drove the protagonist - and all her allies, who are working, aparently, for the freedom to do this to people - over the Moral Event Horizon so far that it's not even in the rearview mirror anymore. Basically, you have the power to hack a person's soul, and bend them completely to your will. You alter them by altering their memories of the past in what might be the most vile violation I've ever seen. I know it's a story, I know it's fiction - but the actions of the protagonist made me feel like I was a party to♥♥♥♥♥♥ mind-control, brainwashing, and slavery. Making this all the more unspeakable is that the main character's amnesia was caused by this exact same violation, and she's aware of it. So, basically, it reads like this:Hey, I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I guess that makes it okay to♥♥♥♥♥♥other people!Screw off, Remember Me. Just because your protagonist is female doesn't mean you aren't contributing to♥♥♥♥♥♥culture and woman-hating. Your main character is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get out of my face.Now, you might be tempted to think ""Oh, geat, another SJW... it's just a GAME"". Fine, you can have that opinion, but in my mind this game isn't all that far removed from those white supremacist games that glorified the holocost - it just has prettier graphics.End of rant.ADDENDUMTo everyone who finds this review unhelpful/different from their experience, I appreciate you reading it and providing that small amount of feedback. It helps me hone my reviewing skills, which is awesome and incredibly helpful.Begin second rantTo everyone who thinks this review is funny? ♥♥♥♥ OFF. In this one case, the censored word is a derrogitory term for sexual intercourse begining with the letter F.If you think♥♥♥♥♥♥is funny, go screw. If you think someone having a problem with what I've called mind♥♥♥♥♥♥is funny, go screw. If you think my finding this game to be a traumatic experience that contributes to♥♥♥♥♥♥culture, go screw.You disagree, fine - everyone is entitled to their opinions. If you think it's funny, though, seek therapy.End second rant.[i/]"
76561198068380061,Not Recommended,228300,25217644,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kookykooky,f*** this game. so hard. yeah am noob. and am not changing dif to easy. niehehehehe heheh
76561198033041851,Not Recommended,228300,34576872,Posted: 29 August,all,问君能有几多愁,"Main protaganist is a ♥♥♥♥♥. Don't bother, it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥immediately after the first chapter"
76561198024044668,Not Recommended,228300,34366406,Posted: 19 August,all,denstjames,Just bought it on sale very cheap. Its a really cool concept and the story is great so far. In the first few hours i've been playing it though the camera control seems really bad. You cant look around very easily for some reason a lot of the time.
76561198030030425,Not Recommended,228300,25138986,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,I play but i give up.
,Not Recommended,228300,30483928,Posted: 12 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,Well I definitely don't remember this game. Surprising as it's from the devs behind Life Is Strange and that game is a masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,228300,24936600,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,JSuvanto,"The controls are horrible. The UI is horrible. The acrobatic sequences are horrible. The fighting is horrible and the combo setup screen is horrible. I lost my will to play this in 30 minutes, of which about 20 minutes were just pointless cutscenes, between which you could just walk a few metres only to be interrupted again. The intro splash screens cannot be skipped.This is my worst Steam purchase so far."
,Not Recommended,228300,23659762,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mikail Yazzy,inspired setting but lacking gameplay on multiple fronts.i hope their next game VAMPYR does well
,Not Recommended,228300,25553580,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,XenOMoRph,"The world is like a surreal dumpster where EVERYBODY has a brain implant?! Really? No one without it? Their ""memories"" are open to everybody? I've seen a lot of crappy games but this one could earn itself a place in the penthouse of boring and repetitive games.The fightscenes are boring, repetitive and button mashing, considering you only have 2 fight and 2 additional activating some whatever power buttons.I wouldn't recommend it for someone who is used to higher quality of AAA Games."
76561198014639002,Not Recommended,228300,29692551,Posted: 4 February,all,Scorpan,♥♥♥♥♥♥this game with this stupid bad♥♥♥♥♥Robot.♥♥♥♥♥stupid developpers who made it near impossible to beat and kill the fun of gameplay.
,Not Recommended,228300,12449895,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,browndog66,"Nice looking environments, but thats the only good thing I have to say, clunky ,awkward & annoying controls/combat & I felt that I had the developer holding my hand through the entirity of the game, if you like being shown the door & pushed through it maybe you will enjoy this, but if you want something of a challenge go & put the kettle on becuase walking to the kettle is more challenging"
,Recommended,228300,12145941,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,22Ƹ 🌟,"not to sure yet,"
76561198147874922,Not Recommended,228300,32729049,Posted: 24 June,all,靈,"I PLAY THIS GOD DAMN GAME with keyboard,and i am ganna crazy,why dont u just tall me thatg i need a gamepad???i canna move on JUST because I DONT WHICH Keyboard keys I NEED TO PUT !!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,228300,25297547,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im sorry eh,"No, just no"
,Not Recommended,228300,23608578,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Great_Snake,"A tad to basic and linear for me, if I was 13-15 years old I feel like this would be a great game. Seeing as how I'm an older and more expierienced gamer I can't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,228300,25002028,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,$1Dn4x,meh5/10
76561197990931812,Not Recommended,228300,33336681,Posted: 7 July,all,Verkantill,...?
,Not Recommended,228300,25632735,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,alfred.sub,The art style and environment is good but it's all it has. Complete disappointment for me. Felt like was watching a film more than playing a game. Sorry but can't recommend.
76561198036701417,Not Recommended,228300,23660600,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Apoca64,Neat concept but too many glitches in the very neginning. I gave up very quickly.
76561198070805155,Not Recommended,228300,34361656,Posted: 19 August,all,mrmeatwheel,This feels like a game you could play in church. Jesus would recommend this game but not me. The plot is good but the gameplay leaves me uninterested.  Graphics are decent but sound cut out on me a few times.  I'd only recommend to people named Ralph.
,Not Recommended,228300,30673623,Posted: 22 March,all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),"Remember Me? or not, its w/e"
76561198102052243,Not Recommended,228300,26447459,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,"remember me?  The money that you flushed down the toilet to buy this game, then waited too long to submit a refund for and was denied?  I'm still here, haunting your steam library list to show you that you make bad life decisions."
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,228300,23659059,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"i waited like 2 years for this game to hit $5, it did. after playing it, the game is worth $2 tops. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ storyline. bad fighting mechanics, pretty graphics. If you want a good fighting storyline game go get east of eden its way better."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,228300,23634346,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Blackcompany,"Does not work on Windows 10 with a GTX 970 4GB.First time: Blue Screen.New drivers. Try again: Fuzzy, and I mean old style TV Fuzz.THEN it locks up during Tutorial, at Use R to Look Around. And just...stays there. Permanently.Game does not even work."
,Not Recommended,228300,32527900,Posted: 17 June,all,water,hate this so much
,Not Recommended,228300,23661545,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,F3RH47,i finished it and i would say go spend your money for better game this game isn't good enough
,Recommended,228300,9754521,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,No.9,"This is a very linear 3rd person role playing game. Fighting scene isn't the best, but its a leap to something mix up. Its like mixing up turn based menu to action RPG.Well the story is not bad at all. I like the concept of mixing memory therefore altering the reality of a single person but not the world. You should watch the video. You'll get a glimpse of the gameplay and feature."
,Recommended,228300,9702162,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,PsiRadish,"I can confidently say this game is worth the $10 I spent on it.  It might even be worth more than that; possibly up to $20.Visuals are great, and not just as in ""rad graphics"", but also the imagination behind them.  The way memories are represented in particular had some nice flavor to it.Story was good, definitely interesting, but not as emotionally moving as I suspect it wanted to be.  Didn't help that only 3 characters hadgoodvoice actors (one of them is the main character, at least), and though the facial animation does try really hard in some places, for the most partno one'sface can act either.Gameplay is pretty much adequate.  Lots of standard climbing and ledgehunting.  Combat is combo based, plus lots of dodging, plus some occasionally devastating activated abilities like area-stun, or planting bombs inside people.  Wait, I might have made that sound exciting.  Thing is it's not, especially.  All these abilities have cooldowns and, more importantly, require a bunch of ""focus"", which you frequently start combat with none of, requiring a lot of combo-spam to build it up before (and after) doing anything cool.  It's not awful by any means, but it'snotexciting.Game was kind of short at 19 hours, but given the quality of the gameplay that may be about right.Ultimately, the best thing this game has going for it is a female protaganist that doesn't suck.  If you're desperate for that (as I always am), I recommend this game.  But not for more than $20."
,Recommended,228300,9728550,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dagorath,"Remember Me is a game set in the near future, where memories can be bought and sold. You play as Nilin, a memory hunter who's lost her own memory and is fighting to get it back.The game is a mix of platforming and puzzle solving, martial arts fighting and remixing memories. Platforming is straightforward and the puzzle solving is fun and engaging. The fights are great fun, especially the boss fights. Aside from the part it plays in the main plot, Nilin also slowly regains her memory by re-learning martial arts moves and special abilities called Pressens. Nilin can chain martial arts moves up in a combo to create mega damage.The best part of Remember Me is Nilin's ability to remix memories. Crucial characters must be persuaded to think in certain ways, and often their paradigm is based on a defining moment in their life. The player can go into that memory and change certain aspects of it (dropping a bottle, opening a bag) such that it pans out in a different way, causing the victim to change their line of thinking. This is beautifully implemented and incredibly thought provoking.The art style of the game is imaginative, with elegant historical architecture vying with slum-style industrial environments. The music is atmospheric and suitable. I also think the plot is excellent, with some very impressive characters. The graphics are UT3 and hence definitely not leading the pack, but they have some great textures in some parts and run on the PC the game plays smoothly. There are some problems with the camera angle though (a bit like the earlier Assassin's Creed games) where if Nilin is backed up against a corner, it's difficult to see any of the opponents.All in all, Remember Me is an innovative game with some very enjoyable fights and impressive game mechanics. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228300,9864376,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Stewart,"The concept of this game is excellent, I can't argue with it and that's what moved me to buy it in the first place. The execution does leave a little to be desired however.As the blurb says this game is all about memories - taking them, remixing them and generally causing havoc. It is (to the best of  my knowledge) a very unique and entertaining.I'm going to be a lot more verbose about the things I didn't like, but keep in mind that these did not stop me from playing the game right through to the end.There are aspects to the game which are not made very clear to the user, particularly regarding the combat system, frequently I had to look things up on the web in order to do certian things, defeat the first boss, activate different combo chains, and so on. Once you understand how things work then it's not too difficult, but they jump right in quickly with symbols for dodge, use, punch and kick, and it isn't obvious what they want you to do if you don't recognise the symbols.They say the game is a lot about exploration, and that is partly true - there are things hidden throughout the game world that you should try to find, but quite frequently you may find you missed a particular instance and can't go back to have another crack at finding it.The game world feels very linear, you only generally have one path to follow, and if you arrive in a large open area you can bet that a fight is about to start. Where there IS more than one path to follow, you will quite quickly find that you can't go back and check the alternate route if you just happened to guess the one that advances you forward.There are times when you get into a fight with enemies where the objective is simply to wipe them out, there are other times where minor enemies will continue to spawn indefinitely until you take out the big fish. The distinction between these instances is made only by the fact that after 5 or 10 minutes you haven't actually made much progress in wiping your opponents out.In spite of the issues I've enumerated above, I still recommend this game, just keep these points in mind as you play through."
,Recommended,228300,9864834,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GoaGrabben,"Ment for console games, so its preferably played with a console if you have one.Interesting game, the story wasnt too capturing for me though. But the gameplay was pretty good, quite simple but enjoyable.In short I'd say this game is good and deserves a playthrough if you like this kind of game."
,Recommended,228300,9866121,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,anjoop,"There have been much better on-rails action games (e.g. the Uncharted series), but the world, story, graphics, and atmosphere all make this worth recommending if it's on sale. Score: 7/10.Positives:+ The graphics are great and the world of Neo-Paris is beautifully realized.+ An interesting storyline that kept me engaged for the 12 hour runtime.+ Good sound design and music. The way the music reacts to your fights is a nice feature.+ Combat is imperfect but largely satisfying and the boss battles are all really cool and well-staged.+ Memory remixing (Inception-like changing of people’s memories) is an original and well-implemented gameplay mechanic, but a little underused.+ Frequent save points and a dynamic and immersive HUD that only shows when useful.Negatives:- Extremely linear and on rails, to the extent that there are glowing markers telling you which ledge to grab or pipe to climb; this is a very closed-off world with nothing to explore or interact with.- Although the story is good, the dialogue and voice acting are both underwhelming.- The controls during climbing/platforming are a little fidgety.- The camera is passable, but I’ve seen much better in other games.- Some unnecessary shortcuts were made, such as having the TV screens showing still images instead of videos."
76561198001365001,Recommended,228300,9870556,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Grasshopper,"I enjoyed this game much more than the metascore and some of the reviews had led me to expect. Lovely visuals, effective music, intriguing storyline and some interesting characters kept me going, eventually, to the end.Yes, the controls can be annoying and button bashing brawls and 'boss fights' are the enemy of older players with arthritic fingers like me, but despite some frustrating moments and lots of virtual deaths, I enjoyed the experience."
76561197973253513,Recommended,228300,9880711,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,HomerCidal,"Great game really enjoyed it, some of the controls and the way you fight in it have a taste of console game port but generally not a problem. Probably my only complaint is a little too short..... but at the reduced price... excellent value, I enjoyed it and will play it again. :-)"
,Recommended,228300,9843975,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,[MBWAG] Ramulen,"This game is perfect for myself. Why?Because i love story driven games and i dont got the time to play games, that are using an open world to catch the player for more than 50+ hours. The environment of this game is very good and is pushing you from the very first minute directly into the action. For sure you get no ""open world"", but you get a very interesting story plus nice character developing.My rating? ... 1+"
76561197993638566,Recommended,228300,9843994,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Father Christmas,"I'm enjoying this game. Great graphics and story. Neo Paris looks great and although it's not open world it  has some stunning set pecies and feels  like a living city.some people may not enjoy the combat which without a gamepad would I imagine be awkward. The combat sequences also make you think about what  combos/powers to use when and where on different types of enemy. Fights aren't hard but  maybe  planing out and remebering combos (which can be  altered to how you want them) might be annoying. There is also a fair amount of clmbing/jumping puzzle type sequences (sometimes there  clever, sometimes just meh) which are okay but perhaps not as good as say tomb raider. It also has a few memory remix puzzles which are fun and something I've never seen in another game.  Perhaps does get a little repitive after a while story/climb about a bit/ fight/ boss fight..next episode but story keeps it going (well does for me).Overal if you like good looking games with a futurstic story that engages and  tries to be a bit different I think you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,228300,9858307,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GreeNXZA,"This game is fun. The story is good and interesting. The graphic is also beautiful, unique, and have good designs. The combat system is ok but it will annoy you sometime with camera. Better play with console controller.My score: 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,228300,10631282,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SaintJimothy,"This is a great example of an incredible game that came out a year too soon. A brilliant concept coupled with an ambitious story and unique gameplay mechanics can only go so far once you realize it's bogged down by a terrible PC port, repetetive combat and QTEs with obscure icons. It's really too bad that such a great game hobbled itself, and something that could have been something truly special is rushed out, making it just a bit better than mediocre.It's a good game, but it could have been much, much better."
76561198009778124,Recommended,228300,10467284,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sai,"Good story, interesting game mechanics and decent combat. But frustrating collectables and use of quick-time events.The storyline is involved and while the supporting cast is a bit 2 dimensional, the main character is well developed. The amesiac rediscovering their past is a bit cliched in terms of story telling, but works well in a game that all about memories and the manipulation of them. Delving in to people's memories and messing with them is handled by an innovative game mechanic that's well suited to the task (but will detract from the experience if I explain it here). Combat only involves 2 buttons, but the customisable combo system keeps it from getting stale.The main frustration-inducing element in this game is the collectables. Frequently going down the wrong path when hunting for collectable locks the player out of the previous zone and prevents them from going back to collect. Quick-time events are also used in the boss fights, which is disappointing, but thankfully they're restricted to these times and don't pop up during any cinematics.Remember Me is a game well worth playing. Its story more than makes up for its few flaws."
76561198021133960,Recommended,228300,10467557,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,jazzthehippy,"This title is a simple bash 'em up with some interesting tricks to keep the player involved. The artistic use of graphical and audible distortion and glitches throughout the music and graphics is excellent, and one of the biggest strong points of the game. The combat system includes many different enemies, customisable move combos and strategies; however the repetitiveness of each encounter wears down its charm over the course of the game. An interesting mechanic that appears periodically throughout the story line is the ability to alter memories in a cinematic problem solving scenario; these present the games most impactful narrative events, contrasting to the rest of the games slightly ridiculous story line. The unique art style and ideas in Remember Me are worth checking out."
76561197991809463,Recommended,228300,10537386,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bleral,"Great game.The gameplay is good - nothing groundbreaking, but it works well and is entertaining and involving enough to get you through the game. Graphics are very good; design is excellent; above all, the story, the writing and the setting are awesome and fascinating.It definitely would have deserved better critics at launch. The negative points I've read back then are absolutely valid: it's rather short and linear. That's true, but so what? Not every game has to be open-world, nor to be about competitive multiplayer. If you can enjoy a game that has a story to tell above all, go with it.(that said, if you're a completionist, there definitely is some replayability, with gorgeous unlockables and collectibles throughout the levels)"
,Recommended,228300,10411237,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,LunarCircle,"The main thing Remember Me excels at is the universe and background it creates. I found the futuristic world and the entire concept of remixing memories to be the highlight of the game. The backdrops are gorgeous and the character models are designed and animated extremely well. I actually walked through the various environments so I could take in the details instead of just running through.The game itself, unfortunately, is too short, in my opinion. In addition, it’s extremely linear, with arrows pointing out the pathways and an “Aug-Eye” mechanic that points the camera to the next goal. With the level of detail placed into the world, I would’ve like to explore and interact with it much more. NPCs not part of the storyline are two-dimensional having only a few lines of text that are repeated over and over, every time whenever the player gets close to them.The fighting engine is somewhat fluid, but I felt it could have been polished much more. The customizable combos are a good idea, but very limited in their execution. They’re already predetermined with the number of hits and each slot already has a certain type of attack installed. You can’t fully customize a combo to consist of nothing but kicks or just punches, just the different animation of the preselected attack. I also felt the longer combos weren’t very effective as the large amounts of dodging done during fights causes them to be interrupted. Also, dodging is something you’ll find yourself doing a lot during battle as enemies gang up on you. You can continue combos after a dodge by pressing the next button in the sequence, but the amount of dodging and the number of enemies makes it difficult. Also, the battles are definitely designed for open areas. The few fights in close quarters are made even more difficult with the camera zooming in too close when you get close to a wall.The memory remixes, while an interesting concept, turned out to be pretty tedious. I found myself rewinding and fast forwarding quite a bit to get to the various triggers, and then adjusting the memory back and forward the small bit required to land on those triggers.I also felt the collectibles that gave more background to the environment were unnecessary as they didn’t attribute to the growth of your stats. I’d have liked it better if the developers just added an “Encyclopedia” entry into the menu for those who wanted to learn more about the world.Even with the downsides, Remember Me is definitely something I recommend, if only to walk through a very detailed environment. It’s a decent entry into Capcom’s library and something I’d love to see expanded upon with a sequel or two and the return of Nilin. It’s short and linear, but there’s definitely a lot of material that can be built upon."
76561198052348239,Recommended,228300,10415486,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,brian,"The story is fairly linear. I would love to see this in a more open-world kind of setting. The story is good though, and the game mechanics are workable. All in all I liked this game."
76561198070898774,Recommended,228300,10402626,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Luna Joka,I liked this game a lot. Keeps you enterained to the very last momment and on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,228300,10358959,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[YB] Bock,"This game had a lot of potential. Todays generation of gaming however does not focus on combo attacking but more point and shoot or survival. This game is very good, graphics are great and the concept is very interesting. If you are looking for a different type of game than what is out there right now than go for this. Comboing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people is pretty fun.Oh and its a very pretty game"
,Recommended,228300,10361890,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,melvindm,"pretty awesome, I sat down to play when i first got it, takes about two acts to pick up but after that it is hard to walk away from"
,Recommended,228300,7133698,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,DragonDirgel,"okay so the camera angle is off slightly at times and combat isnt all that amazing but..... THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!got a deep story with strong charicter build and twists, one of the best games ive ever played9.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,8565994,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,LCpl_Underdog,"Awesome Game! Gameplay was amazing, graphics were stunning, story line keeps you intrigued. Best Action RPG I've played since God of War!"
,Recommended,228300,8567126,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Aluscia,"A fun dystopian romp with parkour and martial arts and hacking and such. Lots of little bits of things to pick up, a nice compelling story. Definitely recommend"
76561198048556706,Recommended,228300,5363418,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,thewhiteknuckle,"A story that could rival Mass Effect and Dragon Age, this game is a perfect example of what storytelling within a game SHOULD be. The characters are well portrayed, the game features beautiful graphics and such fitting music, and a wonderful setting (futuristic Paris). However, do NOT play this game for the combat; it's a tad simple and, while very innovative, loses its mystique quickly. Challenge isn't very big either. But hey, it's still a wonderful story, and if nothing else, it's a great way to spend a day. Just make sure you get it on sale."
,Recommended,228300,8554167,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Zeus,"This game is a work of story telling geniuses. This could be without any trouble be made into a movie and creates a vast and rich futuristic world that could hold a hole number of different stories. While playing through the story you unlock Artwork and 3D-Models that disclose a level of detail that is rarely matched in many other games. Through the whole game you can find so called Mnenist memories that give background information on the world, the people living in it and the history.Gameplay itself is fun but a bit restrictive with very linear progression. Opening the world and possible actions in it a bit would have helped create a richer gameplay experience. The fighting system is a bit strange at first but relatively easy. Having said that there is a strong negative point here: I don't think you'll have any fun playing this game without a gamepad! It is a game clearly designed with consoles in mind and unfortunately this translates 1:1 onto PC.With this game you are getting a fun futuristic game with an intelligent and enternaining story. Go get it!"
,Recommended,228300,8429052,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KamikazeKows,An excellent game with a fantastic story. Them most interesting part is the memory remixes. The combat is meh - It's a decent brawler but it gets repetative. I'd recomend a contoller.
,Recommended,228300,8431586,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mamolian,"Gorgeous looking game, the artists did an amazing job with the visuals and style, however the gameplay is completely linear you'll never get to explore any of the areas. Could have been amazing had it more Deus Ex like alternatives to the plot and perhaps a little more Assassin's Creed like climbing/scaling of the scenery."
,Recommended,228300,8432029,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dru_P,"Interesting story and setting, but the combat is not good. Really not good."
76561197981788005,Recommended,228300,8421338,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Der Müde Joe,"The game has a good core. Good story (nothing compared with the last of us)The fights are chalanging and fun, sometimes frustrating.I realy like it."
,Recommended,228300,8422226,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tyleet,"Awesome concept for the universe and overall story. Very sad that it you never really get that epic feel through the story line that could have been possible. Gameplay is not with much variation, but I still think that this game is worth playing because of its fresh and interesting universe and decent graphics. DO play this with a controller! Otherwise the controls are very bothersome."
76561197961345929,Recommended,228300,8423445,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I love corn flakes,"A nice game in the line of the ""old school"" french games, which were mostly focused on characters and ambience. Here, it's a success. The views are breathtaking, you feel you're in a coherent universe, every detail is tailored to make you feel like you're in that cyberpunk-ish Paris, ... And the character development, while it's not the most fantastic I've ever seen, is really worked on and can really catch you. You can easily feel some empathy for that amnesiac girl who doesn't know what the hell is happening.Some were critical about the gameplay itself. While it's no Arkham City, it's still pretty smooth and you quickly find yourself using various combos. It could have been more inspired, indeed, but all in all, it's far from bad. Actually, I'd see it more closer to a Skyrim than a Call of Duty. Not because it's an RPG like Skyrim, but because you don't only play Skyrim for the combat but also for the general ambience. Skyrim's combat system isn't so great, its main story isn't so great either, but that's not what you're looking for in Skyrim. Same goes here ! If you're looking for a great dystopian video game, you'll have what you want.Bonus point for an actual good main female character. For once, it's not a friggin' bimbo, nor is it a poor lost princess, or some big hulk. It's a refreshing change.Finished the game in around 9 hours in normal mode, but I didn't explore much (I wanted to finish the main storyline)."
,Recommended,228300,8423637,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kenny,"One of the more surprising games of the year. I found the combat enjoyable, and the story solid, but the style of this game makes it more than worth buying."
76561198041497047,Recommended,228300,8425130,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DrowNoble,"If Tomb Raider and Devil May Cry had a love child, it'd be Remember Me.Combos can be (somewhat) custom built, so you don't have to memorize anything you don't want to.  Want a 3 hit damage combo?  Sure.  Want a longer combo that regens health?  Can do.  In this way it's a watered down version of DMC's combat, while still possessing some depth and, most important, fun.  If you get tired of doing combos A, B, C... then change them!The story was acceptable, minor surprise at the end but I personally did see it coming.  The unique twist is that at certain points in the game you get to rewrite someone's memory.  It will play out as it really happened, then you get to rewind and adjust it to get a different result.  It doesn't do it enough in my opinion, but it was a fresh idea in a clogged action genre.If you liked the new Tomb Raider or the DMC reboot, you'll enjoy Remember Me.  4.0/5.0"
,Recommended,228300,8415031,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,THECapedCaper,"If it gets to $10 on Steam Sale, I can think of worse ways to spend six hours. Combat is meh but it's such a cool world to get lost in."
76561198015779641,Recommended,228300,3004846,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,[RNBW] Quick_Shot47,"A well performed storyline is what i can say about Remember Me, it is very thorough and makes you want to play further and further. The combat system is something i have really missed in other games it is very catching instead of the usual just spam click and then they die, here you really get to customize how you want to fight your opponents"
,Recommended,228300,8433269,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Syctalx,"Great story, and intuitive combat. Platforming is run of the mill, but the rest of the game surely makes up for that. I'll certainly remember this game."
,Recommended,228300,320533,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,murderbits,"Gorgeous, rich, lush, futuristic world with a decent story, decent voice-acting that is marred by some fairly cumbersome mechanics that is still work experiencing.Recommendations are limited to 1,000 characters, so I'll have to direct you to my review onGiantBomb.comfor all the details:Solid, Fun, Beautiful Game That is Marred by Too Frequent Combat and Imperfect Combat Mechanics.http://www.giantbomb.com/remember-me/3030-36172/user-reviews/2200-25963"
,Recommended,228300,8365613,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Goonster,"This game really surprised me. Its pretty unique, the story is fascinating, the gameplay mechanics are creative (memory remixing, combat combos, etc), and overall its been pretty addicting. Hard to put down because you always want to know whats going to happen.  Its kind of like a 2013 tomb raider meets like 2012 syndicate. Its hard to explain, but its a VERY fun game."
,Recommended,228300,8353668,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Marty Chang,"A game with very well done aesthetics and atmosphere, decent storytelling, and a pretty solid soundtrack. On sale, it's worth the investment. My only gripes with this game are that it holds your hand way too much and that the combat is a little stale. You will often get hints on how to fight properly.I don't take off too much credit because of that, because it's still a good game. Hacking memories and changing them is actually a really cool feature even though most of it is scripted. Some cool ideas lay within the game, and it's worth looking into."
76561197993815158,Recommended,228300,8668524,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sp1cychick3n,"A beautiful game. The concept is unique and the story telling makes you want to continue playing.The combat system is implemented well and does have unique elements to it. There are different types of attacks that do different  actions. For instance, you have attacks, when connceted, heal you. You have attacks that will decrease your cooldown for special attacks and so on. The combat is very smooth. A good parallel would be the combat from the Batman Arkham games but with more customization.The graphics are beautiful and really rich in atmosphere. I really had no complaints with them. Speaking of atmosphere, there are little things, such as retractng shop signs when you get close to them and little packs you can collect to learn more about the history that really enhance the game.Audio is amazing. Voice acting is done well and you can really feel the emotions in the characters.I read people had issues with the controls. I played with the XBOX 360 controller and had no issues. I don't know how the controls are on the keyboard, but I've heard that people have played it with mouse and keyboard without issues. Try both options if you can.The storyline is what kept me playing through this game. There were just so many questions that needed to be answered and the game does wrap it up nicely in the end. The whole concept of memory management is amazing and implemented nicely in memory remixes, where you alter the memory of an individual. I don't want to ruin anything by saying more but the whole concept is flat out amazing and different.Buy this game. It borrows elements from other games but also implements its own to provide an amazing package. We need more unique games like this and it all begins when you support them.Truly worth playing from every angle.P.S: It took me ~11 hours to complete the game but there is reason to go back, such as finding all the 'culture' packs and other collectibles."
76561198045904470,Recommended,228300,9646804,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Law Renzo,"Game: Remember MePlatform: Windows, Playstation 3, Xbox 360Relese Date: 3 Jun 2013Reviwe Date: 24 March 2014Overview 2/2Remember Me is set in Neo-Paris in the year 2084 and is centered around a product called Memorize which alows users to manage there memories Deleteing, Trading and fabrcating as they please. This level of messing with memories has twisted some people to the point they are bearly human any more. This has caused a civil war to break out between Sensen the creators of Memorize and the Errorists led by Edge.The Main character is Nilin an ex-memory hunter imprisoned and striped of her memories. The first moments of the game are of Nilin having her memories torn from her. The emotional rollercoster you go on after the pivotal first scene is fantastic, it will have you questioning if Nilin is on the right side or even if there is a right side. As the game progresses you will feel more attached to Nilin and will really care about what happens to her and what effect the actions she takes will have on her and the world around her. There is no leveling to speak of, you can find packs to increase Nilins health and her power meter but other than that you are just Nilin.The replay value is small once you have finished the game, you will fell quite satisfiyed with the story and the are no alternatives that will change the story in  any way. The only reason to go back through the game is if you are a collector and wish to find all of the collectables thus unlocking all of the 3D models.The game is fairly simple to navigate and the scuffels you get in along the way are just challenging enough that you feel a small sense of accomplishment once they are done. The Boss battels get increasingly difficult and as you would expect the final boss battle borders on the insane however it is doable.Interaction 1/2Interacting with the world aroud Nilin can be quite clumsy and often annoying, it has the same problem as a lot of older games in not knowing which way to jump and trouble locking on to the target you want. However, the tools in which you interact with the would are pretty awesome. There are four tools you gain most from Boss fights, the first is a small data blast that is used to open doors it also can stun some enemys for a bit. The second is just a larger version of the first, it is used to blast structrual weaknesses and can knock some enemys back. The third acts a bit like telekinesis in that it allows you to manipulate some objects and move them granted this is mainly used to move doors that have lost power but in essence its a cool power. The fourth and final tool Nilin gains is called a bit pick, it allows Nilin to take data from an open door and transfer it to a closed door thus chaning the states of both doors.Combat 1/2Nilin has five powers she can gain and they are well spaced out through the game, the first power she gets is not too long from the start in the first chapter and the last power you get is in the second to last chapter. The powers all have to do with messing with peoples Memoize implants and have a uniqe flair about them also two of the interation tools can be used as weapons, one fires a small data cluster at an enemy to stun them for a bit and the other is much the same but a larger version that can knock an enemy back.The hand to hand combat is very stiff and slow, this became annoying especially in boss fights as some times Nilin just couldn't move fast enough to dodge a blow otherwise the ability to customise my combos was pretty awesome.Graphics 1/2The graphics are pretty good how ever they did feel a little old, older than its relese date every thing feelt as if DONTNOD ran out of time or money and couldn't polish it up and put those last finishing touches on to make it look great and moden however it did not detract much from the over all experience. The world is beautiful from the dank sewers to the uper class area of Neo-Paris and it all fits together nicely and makes sense.Music 2/2The music is great, it fosters that technological futuristic vibe they are going for whilst not being overwelming. The music also assits in telling the story and portrays how Nilin feels and the journey she is going through.Total 7/10"
,Recommended,228300,9648924,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,ShadowGames,"You thought ""Inception"" was a good movie?You found the story and fiction of ""Half Life 2"" thrilling as you fought against a totalitarian state in a futuristic setting?You loved the gorgeous looks of buildings and other historical architectures in the ""Assassines Creed"" game series?You like a challenge, but you don't want to torture yourself either because of tricky game controls or overly unfair fights?If you answered these 4 question with yes, then this game is totally for you, and it's very worth buying it.Let's give you my impressions in short:- Stunning scenes- extreme details everywhere; I couldn't find a single ""clinical dead"" or boring room, instead every area you visit show objects and little details that make the place, even in that futuristic setting, ""believable""!- very cool effects with water/rain, and light- totally enjoyable combat and effects-  great looking models and their animations realistically. Lol, even shoes of walking characters matchproperlywith the ground, no ""smearing"", hovering..- intelligent storyline that can keep up its tension from the start to the very end- never any slacking in story or map design where one would assume the budget reached the limitAnd last but not least: An incredibly sexy looking character. ""Sweet Jesus!"", her hips swing most delectable!I for my part am a damn screenshot fanatic, and in all the games I played so far, I took quite a bunch, but this game broke my record and my frigging print button as well!Oh and I would like to mention one more thing about ""love to details"":I think I havent seen a game yet where your player character takes the single steps of any stairs properly!"
76561198064782197,Recommended,228300,9649493,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,JohnnyBonobo,"I love this game!  Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥would be proud of this piece of cyberpunk dystopian thriller.  If any part of that last sentence gets you as excited as it does me, you will enjoy this.  It is not an oveerly complicated game, but the story is captivating and the societal implications are thought provoking.  It's quality science fiction, plain and simple."
,Recommended,228300,9466718,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,et,Combat: OK.Graphics: Beautiful.Music: Great.Story: Wow.
,Recommended,228300,9672147,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ScytheMonkey,"Fascinating modern spin on a cybperunk story that asks the question, what if we had the technology to alter peoples memories?  Many interesting ideas and quesitons are floated, set in an odd pastiche of future paris and zombie slums.Sadly, the actual gameplay is extremely linear and mainly consists of linear Tomb Raider style climbign sequences (but not as well executed) and beat em up fights that get old quick.That said, the game features 4 sequences of gameplay where you get to ""remix"" someones memories...to change their memories of their own pasts, and thus their identies in the present.  They are all very cool, and you probably have not played something like that before.I would have prefered this as an adventure game, without the combat or endless wall climbing.   Still though, worth a playthrough if you have a couple of (long) evenings to spend."
76561197989591609,Recommended,228300,9611340,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Captain Slingshot,"Remember Me is like a cross of all kinds of good games. It reminds me of Batman Arkham Asylum,  Uncharted, the new Tomb Raider, Bioshock (Distantly). The problem with this is that I never thought, ""Wow this is completely original,"" with one exception.  There's a time rewrite feature that clearly defines this game. I wanted more of that. Other than that, it felt like there were a lot of times where I was just thinking, ""Man, it sure would have been cool if only they..."" They missed a lot of opportunities to make this an outstanding game. It was good, just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,228300,9613510,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Altego,"There is a lot about this game you can hate, I feel a good analogy would a science fair project that wasn't entirely complete but displayed an amazing concept from which you are still able to walk away feeling satisfied. Is it a $60 game? No. But if you can get it for less than $25 I'd suggest doing so, just to experience something a little different."
,Recommended,228300,9614416,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Kevin Yew,"The beautiful depictions of Neo-Paris are probably the most enjoyable feature of this game. Every environment is rendered beautifully, and the game accompanies many of your actions with well placed audio cues. The soundtrack is atmospheric as well. The ability to customise your fighting move set makes the game a refreshing change from having to Memorize (see what I did there) predetermined move sets. All in all, both a fun fighter and visually appealing game."
76561198003601107,Recommended,228300,9615125,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,transgressive corncob,"It's a very pretty game with a competent mix of Arkham Asylum-style fighting mechanics and Lara Croft-like platforming. Its story is fairly well done, exploring the sci-fi what-if of memory manipulation. Also, its music is integrated very nicely. On the bad side, however, this game is completely linear.Overall, it's hard to see why the mainstream gaming media was so harsh on Remember Me. I feel like it's about a 8/10 at minimum."
,Recommended,228300,2469552,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Mnemophage,"I have no idea if this game is a parody of itself, or of everything else in the world. I think I understand now what it means to be French."
,Recommended,228300,9617483,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Stechhummel,I thought this game would suck.. but then I bought and played it and OMG! SO AMAZING!Must have!
,Recommended,228300,9617700,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,A definite cult classic in the making.
,Recommended,228300,7481911,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,GRMLOCK,"A straight up ""Button Masher"" with a really cool concept. Story is better than most games these days. Gameplay is comparable to the Batman Arkham games. Buy this if it is on sale!"
76561198007362311,Recommended,228300,9818919,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Vegan Man,"This is a great game, one of those rare unique ripples one stumbles across from time to time. A most savoury experience. Art work, story, music and game play is really fun. 9/10. Well done team. I will look forward to your next creation. You got my dollars!"
,Recommended,228300,9826225,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,elasott7082,Amazing!! It's a must for everyone that loves adventure games with an excellent story.
,Recommended,228300,9678993,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Chomp,"Game is good. Good fighting system, story is pretty decent. Little short though. Worth it on sale.Also, dark skinned female protaginists come around like once in twenty years in gaming and they actually wrote her well instead of blowing it. So there's that."
76561198007271942,Recommended,228300,9680722,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tau'va,"great game.the grapics are in top, the whole world is so detalied and beutifull.the storie is good, only need some choices or litle more plot twistes but there are some plot twisted and they make the game alle the better.fighting in this game was one of the best things in my opinoin. the whole way the fighting system is build up is awesome, i love the idea you can jump around and make high combos and the different kinds of combos too.all in all a great game."
76561197987508491,Recommended,228300,9829437,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Raelis,Well Written story...Dont look up any of the story before you start into the gameDef worth some steam sale money because it is kind of short
,Recommended,228300,9832977,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Durrdiss,"Decent game let down by awkward dialogue and repetitive gameplay.The basic story is you're a woman named Nilin. You've lost your memory in a world that can alter memory. So you go and kick♥♥♥♥♥without really knowing why.The gameplay is actually quite solid. Think a less polished batman fighting system. The combo idea is good, but the fights get a bit dull towards the end, with the constant kickkickkickpunchpunchpunchpunchkick. This is what most of the game ends up being.It's unfortunate, because one of the best parts of Remember Me are these bits called memory remixes. They are where you watch a memory, then go back and alter it. Sounds simple, but it's executed very well. Thoroughly enjoyed every remix. Shame there's only about 4...The story is interesting, but I felt it wasn't executed as well as it could have been. Some conversations with your bro Edge either feel awkward, or unfinished. For example, Edge will say something that warrants an answer, but Nilin will just ignore him...this resulted in a lack of interest in the characters and I didn't feel anything for them.Graphics and artistic design are really good. The french vibe, the little electronic tags that hover over things, these are nice little touches.The music was pretty cool, especially the whole glitchy sound that occurs when your health gets low enough. Nice orchestral, nuff said.So overall, I reckon its definitely worth a look at, but it falters here and there."
,Recommended,228300,9776775,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,billy rockstar idol,"This game is simply amazing. Awesome graphics, very cool plot and story, fun to play with unique gameplay features. Since I got it on midweek madness for super cheap it gets 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,228300,8442908,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SpookyMulder,Awesome sci-fi story and action. Love the urban art work.
,Recommended,228300,8442971,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BigMac,It is more of a story ride than a skill game but as there are many skill games out there but not a whole lot of good story telling games I heartily recommend this game. Also the eye candy is really appreciated.
,Recommended,228300,8444811,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[V-M] Hadriel,"This game is really, really good fun. The fluid, graceful chaining of moves and dodging feels very tight. I'm not having any difficulty playing this with mouse and keys, but some may prefer the controller. First boss battle was not overly difficult, but challenging enough to feel a sense of triumph when succeeding.The environment is stunning. Rich, full of detail and ambiance. The pace of the story is good, I'm only a few hours in as of this writing and I feel drawn in. The first ""re-write"" of a persons memory...what a great way to handle it. From the mouse input feeling so natural to ""scrub"" through the memory timeline, to the great visuals...very well done.Traversing the environment is not anything super-amazing, but it's well done enough and handled decently. Your moves are executed confidently and appear natural and smooth. This is not ""Mirror's Edge"" so don't expect over-the-top parkour. Your acrobatic moves during combat will make up for it.Combat may at first appear shallow, but there is some depth to be found for the patient seeker. Finding your pace and timing in combat feels really good when you get into the groove. Evading, flipping over an opponent to continue a chain, rapidly switching targets to maintain control all feel rewarding. Winning a fight against multiple opponents feels like an accomplishment, not just the result of random button mashing.I always reccomend watching gameplay videos and watching/reading plenty of reviews before making a decision to purchase. Chances are, if you like the dystopian/cyberpunk genre, this game will appeal to you.It goes without saying, people are different, they like different things. Some will hate this game, some will love it and others will be ambivalent. I can only say that I'm having a lot of fun playing it, and I think it's an experience worth your time and money. Some may disagree, but in my opinion this game is an underrated gem and I'm glad I picked it up.Thanks for reading, and Good Gaming."
,Recommended,228300,8445263,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,badtrip,This game is great! Don't mind the blurry textures... This game is a piece of art...
76561198004486048,Recommended,228300,8446635,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Artopus Rex,"I cautiously recommend this game.  The story is interesting, but unremarkable, in contrast to the graphics which are impressive, but underservered by the very linear levels.  The game has a nice variety of enemies, of varying [imposed] difficulties, that seem to exist more to draw out the limited gameplay, rather than as a real challenge (I'm looking at you Elite Enforcer!).But it is the controls that will be your greatest foe in this game.  They are, at best, dodgy, and at worst (particularily when trying to target a particular enemy with ranged attacks), unresponsive.  Boss fights will require a peek at a walkthrough to understand what you are supposed to be doing, but it's the mass fights in increasingly confined spaces that will cause you to walk away from the game, thanks to the inaccuracy of the controls.The idea of remixing memories is interesting, but only occurs a few times in the game, and is as logical as a '90s Sierra game, and will probably come down to trying random combinations, or just looking at a walkthough.It's not a bad game, but has too many problems to be more than a decent game.   Buy it on a sale if the graphics appeal to you."
,Recommended,228300,8446831,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Raven Ω The Fall..,"I've not gotten far in-game but so far, it's epic. It reminds me of Mirror's Edge in a few ways and that game was awesome.But on the level? I recommend it!"
76561198072665080,Recommended,228300,8447167,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,jlilly152,Definetly an underrated game...found this ge from a friend of mine...worth playing
,Recommended,228300,8447884,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bregah,I waited until it was on sale and for the discount paid; it was worth it.
76561198083115783,Recommended,228300,8453267,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,;)LongSocks,"Just got the game and its amazing. The combat is similar to the batman games, but with a twist. You build your own combos and once you get the hang of timing its really fun. the only complaint I have is that the wall climbing needs a huge remake/adjustment. Other than than I really love the game."
,Recommended,228300,8449677,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,G-Trace,"Remember Me is a great third person, parkour, fighting game.This game is bassed in the distant year of 2084 where everyone has a device called sen-sen which lets you remember everything, upload and share their memories on the net, as well as remove unhappy or unpleasant memories. But this sen-sen device also can turn people into leapers, which are memory-addicted people who have absorbed too much memories which makes their sen-sen degrade and makes them mutate into a subhuman form. Nilin's ( the character you play as ) job is to destroy sen-sen to stop the leaper plague.This game is full of plot twists, has a unique fighting style, a great sound track and a great moral to it"
,Recommended,228300,8470990,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[HS] Apex .ıl,"Hey, if you are looking for a game with amazing graphics without  a great graphics card. Here it is. Amazing story, amazing concept, amazing concept and way too much more. Make your own combos. You know what, you look on a trailer, you see the graphics and decide for yourself. I can't say much without spoiling it because it is story and combat based. Here it goes.You are in ""Neo-Paris"" A new paris. A device has been made by a company. This allows you to transfer memories from bad to good to others (You cant do this without the story). You can remix memories to make people do certain things to manipulate them to your advantage. This is an amazing game and something to show I like it so much is that I am writing this on new years day 2:40 in the morning.Happy gaming, I recommend this to the highest :D"
76561197975755904,Recommended,228300,695606,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Valkyrion,"Action game, great story! Combat with combos makes it actually hard at times."
,Recommended,228300,8475328,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DoctorOach,"Remember Me is a mixed bag. Great concept, beautiful visual style, but with mechanics that feel clumsy and hard to use. The gameplay leaves a lot to be desired, but the story is compelling and fun. All in all, not worth $50 but totally worth grabbing on a sale."
,Recommended,228300,8477693,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,leoonn,"My gawd. There is too much to say about this game, the fact that the graphics make my face melt they are so beautiful i want this game to become a movie, by far one of the best buys and graphics ive seen in a verry long time! <3"
,Recommended,228300,8672337,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,fireteam,"TL; DR: Buy it on sale. I would recommend any price ~$15 or lower (I got it for $12.50) if you like good stories or beat-em-ups.For those inclined to actually read into the details, I enjoyed this game, but let me get into why:This game is in fact a beat-em-up. Not so much in the vein of the recent Batman games, but the combat is at least a little less vanilla than batman.During combat, Nilin (the protagonist) has combos that she uses to take down enemies. The lower level enemies can be simply taken down with basic combos, but different levels of commanders normally accompany these grunts. Most of the commanders cannot be taken down directly and most of the time require a little bit of ingenuity to dispatch using Nilin's Sensen abilities. In short, when she fights or gets hit she gains focus meter (very similar to meter found in most fighting games) that allows her to do very strong abilities to help eliminate enemies. Most of the first playthrough you'll be using these on a *need* basis moreso than out of convience. However, you can upgrade the amount of meter you can hold and thus allows you to speed up progress.On this subject, you'll be fighting one of about 5-6 kinds of bosses, most of which can be eliminated using the same tactics. Two pairs of bosses you'll fight will be identical--they can be eliminated exactly the same. It is a little stale, but there's about 8 boss battles, so you're not missing out on too much.Most of the bosses do require a certain combonation of abilities and moves. Don't be worried if you cannot figure out the formula as the game will happily point out an exploit, and you can go on your merry way.The story is nice: it's not going to be the next Hollywood film or anything but there were a couple of twists in there that were appreciated. The story did seem to drag on towards mission 7 (out of 8) but quickly picked up for the final mission.Hidden items: There are a few. One of them increases health and is quite common while the other increases the meter mentioned earlier. The last is nonbenificial and is a hidden item for the sake of being a hidden item.Overall: It's an RPG meant for the modern crowd. I would sort of compare it to the latest Deus Ex in that it is dumbed down quite a bit but unlike Deus Ex this game is stupidly linear. This game was a fun experience: since I just completed my first playthrough I plan on gettng the hidden items and then leaving the game alone. I would expect ~15 hours after all unlockables and that should be that.TL; DR #2: Buy it for cheap. Good, but not exceptional."
,Recommended,228300,8679422,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,BaddAss=(,A nice Cyberpunk Adventure/Beat em up. Takes around 9 hours to complete the 8 missions. Great looking environments and a captivating story. My only gripe is that the combat can be very repetitive. 7/10
,Recommended,228300,859216,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Milwaki,"Quite a refreshing approach to the third-person action adventure genre. The story of Remember Me is all about manipulating, destroying and replacing memories in someone’s mind, blended with our own frail perception of reality. The concept alone is intriguing, but the way the game handles its environments, boss battles and music cues is top notch. The pace and variety of the gameplay is superb and genuinely exciting and challenging but fair throughout. Definitely an underrated game. 9 / 10"
76561198021007869,Recommended,228300,8265350,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DireRavenstag,"Get this game on sale. Don't pay full price for it.The concept for this game is wonderful. The storyline, the art, the voice acting, the music...All fantastic.However, trying to control Nilin is like trying to ice skate on rollerblades. You don't have free reign on your filed of vision. You're locked into whatever your Aug-eye view is, and that makes it very hard sometimes to find your next objective marker and make the jumps. She tends to go sideways when you want to go forward, and jumps that look like they should be simple often require a ridiculous amount of maneuvering in order to make them successfullyIf you can deal with the clunky controls and the learning curve of the combat, it's a cool game. But the clunkiness of the controls and combat rather ruin what would otherwise be a stellar game."
,Recommended,228300,134472,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,[ A E ] WinD,"Remember Me will not be forgotten, but will not be in the center of my future gaming memories say 10 years from now. Although if someone decided to extract my memories; they would be rather fond :). A surprisingly great title; I expected a ""Bit"" more - but compared to what the reviewers are dishing it ; it deserves much more praise than most reviewers are giving it."
76561198060727158,Recommended,228300,7601273,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,elthandiel,"Good story with a lot of interesting elements that never seem to live up to their ambitious concepts.  Kinda has the same free flow combat of the Arkham games, but this time, you get to create your own combos within a somewhat restricted framework.  The city is great, at times beautiful, though it feels a little bit like it was never fully realized; the game is very linear without much room to explore, which I feel is a lost opportunity."
76561198047085031,Recommended,228300,9645977,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,FiDel,Muito bom
,Recommended,228300,9508504,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Eliyah Kohein,"Excellent story, battle system that keeps adding things to keep it interesting, nice graphics.  An enjoyable game all around I feel that capcom really did something right with this one."
,Recommended,228300,1475813,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Abend,"Remember me starts out really really slow but after you get the spammer the game starts to really pick up mostly because it gives you the chance to dispatch enemies quickly instead of spending time on long combo strings, unfortunatly later in the game long combo strings and cooldown pressens (the combo unlocks) become kind of necessary as you can only beat bosses and enemies with certain special moves which require focus which requires you to hit enemies, doesn't help that in the final 2-3 hours of the game the difficuilty spikes."
,Recommended,228300,258886,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Hiver,"I'm looking forward to playing more Remember Me. The idea behind the combat system seems kind of neat, but it doesn't feel fully realized. As a result the combat is kind of boring. However, I am enjoying the setting and to a lesser degree, the story. This game is clearly inspired by Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥in both plot and setting, and it reminds me of Mirror's Edge aesthetically. Turns out, that's enough to get me hooked."
76561198080482559,Recommended,228300,9993196,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,NRieh,"First and foremost. DO NOT PLAY WITH K+M! This game has one of the worst PC controls  I've ever seen. There is a significant difference between gameplay with k+m and gamepad. I wish I had one on my first PT...Yet, even horrible PC controls and my lack of loving for melee combats and brawlers did not stop me from beating and enjoying it.It has so many good things you never expect to see in this genre. Astonishing detailed  world, good story, interesting characters, quotes from French classics, stylish art, fashion and fitting music. Things that are more fitting  some 'big' TPS\action\rpg.Combat itself is decent, but combo timing is not really intuitive (especially if one plays with keyboard+mouse). Bosses require tactics, couple of them are really tiresome, especially, if you don't know the proper QTE order. PC icons are much less clear and readable than their console siblings, they are harder to notice in many cases.Still, with all its flaws, I think it's a good game worth playing. It's unlike many other games."
,Recommended,228300,10035968,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,SaschaGoto,"Stunningly beautiful. The world in ""Remember Me"" is simply breathtaking. The memory-altering sequences are fantastic - this is (finally) something completely new.The general game mechanics look like a mixture of Mirror's Edge and Assassin's Creed (the non-violent parts).The only drawback: It's not an open world. I wish you could explore Neo-Paris!8/10"
76561198041965102,Recommended,228300,10037256,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,WhiteStar,"Rich cyberpunk atmosphere, engaging storyline and beautiful graphics make this game worth playing.Fairly linear in nature, and not sure theres much replay value beyond getting collectibles/achievements.I have been playing this with Nivida 3D vision, and it plays very well - would recommend using a controller however."
,Recommended,228300,10016774,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,-Spooky-,"10-12h for pure story mode, controller recommended. I must reset two miniboss fights, because of a bug (not going forward in story). But .. the all over experience: Fun, little game - in a future, cyberpunk world. Worth the money, when u grab it on sale."
76561198022649396,Recommended,228300,10021660,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,raindmb1,"one of the best told stories i ever played. the game is very underated imo. Controls are solid for kb& mouse or game pad whichever u prefer. Only downside is the special ability nilin has to dive into ppls memories, not as many events as i would like to have done but other than that i loved the game, highly recommend this one."
76561198057721422,Recommended,228300,10921494,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Swift,"Swear I've played this game for longer than an hour O.o. Anyway this was the last game I brought in the 2013 christmas sale, and I was a tad skeptical at first after seeing mixed reviews. I didn't start playing it however until last month. It takes a little while to get your head round the controls and storyline, but it gives a hint of freshness in an industry which seems to be becoming more and more repetitive. 3/5"
,Recommended,228300,11341202,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,scot,"Picked this up on a recent sale, and I'm having a blast. It deserves far more attention and praise than it got when it came out. Engaging story and setting (I'd love for them to keep expanding this world), fun and great-looking combat, and some innovative gameplay especially around the underused memory remixing challenges. My only complaint is that the world is very constrained, with only very minimal rewards or even opportunities to stray off the main path, but as long as you go into it aware that the level design is very linear, it's fine."
76561197970569349,Recommended,228300,11343782,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DocMozi,"Game's unique and as you start to unlock more advanced abilities, the combo system gains a fairly natural feel to it.  Definately reccomended"
,Recommended,228300,11290646,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Survivor Zero,"Remember Me is set in a visually stunning, dystopian future.  You are Nillin and you seem to have forgotten a few things. Together you will go on a journey to find what you have lost, figure out where it is you belong and who you are. I loved this game, despite it's flaws. The premise is fun and exciting, the characters are well cast and expertly designed, and the world itself is a joy to play in. I like the movement system, outside of combat.  I had fun jumping and climbing about, it had a quasi-parkour feel.As much as I liked the game, there is one huge, glaring problem, the combat system. At first, it's not bad, it has prompts to teach you how to fight, but those prompts get really annoying after just a couple combats.  The combat system was creative, but I just didn't like it. You earn different attack types as you progress, which you can mix and match between different combo moves, but you can only use each attack once, so for the first 1/3 of the game, you have 2 combos.  Combat consists of *alot* of dodging, which admittedly, actually works in this game unless you run into the scenary, you can flip over around almost any opponent and attack.  The end of boss fights gets a little dull, press kick here, press punch there, now press 'e'; bam, cutaway scene.  This game was probably meant for a console, or at least a controller, so perhaps that had something to do with my experience with the combat system. The single most frustrating part of the game was this tendency to glitch out at the end of boss battles; you kill everyone, but nothing happens and you have to reload the check point and do the whole combat over again.Now, to the important part, the story.  I loved the whole story, start to finish, it was captivating, exciting, confusing and a little heartbreaking at times, but they managed to bring most of the loose ends together and answer most of the questions you have throughout the game.  The world setting was exactly the sort of dystopian future I like and they make it easy to throw yourself into. Nillin is a great main character, I loved playing her and had an amazing time discovering her past right along with her.  She is a capable, kick-butt female protagonist, who does all the rescuing herself.  It was like a good book, I couldn't put it down.Even though I hate the combat system, and am not sure I will replay the game, because of the combat system, I still highly recommend buying it. If they put out another game in this world setting, I would definitely buy it, but hopefully they'll fix the combat system if they do."
,Not Recommended,228300,11355206,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CodeGator,"The story line is great. The combat system is awful. I've tried for hours to get past kid xmas, with no success. I get to the part where I should be able to finish him. I get prompted to press 'B'. I press 'B' and then he grabs me in a bear hug and the match continues. Yes, I've read the forum posts about that fight. No, there are no solutions that actually work.Overall, $29.99 I wish I had back, but, cool storyline."
,Recommended,228300,11357919,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Evangilista,This is easily one of the most underrated games I have ever played.  It is true that the combat system is not going to blow anyones mind but it is still enjoyable and the pressen system allows for a lot of different types of tactics when you start to understand it.  Where this game really shines is the atmosphere and immersion.  The world is beautiful and the story that draws you through it is very unique and worth going through at least once.
,Recommended,228300,11358287,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lanolin,"Great game for $30. One of those games that took a risk and did pretty well. The combat is fluid and responsive. The cusomizable combos are nice, although you do need to use certain combos to break enemies' guard stance, which kind of takes away from the customization a bit. This game is very much a linear experience, with very few options to go off the beaten path other than looking for a few secret areas here and there. The ""parkour"" is minimal and should not be thought of as a main reason to play this game. This same sentiment is duplicated in regards to the ""memory mixing"" as its not as previlant as an ability that the discription makes it out to be. Overall it's a solid 6.5/10."
,Recommended,228300,11361507,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Siival Nava,Very good story line. Kept me interested all the way through.
,Recommended,228300,11365222,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Igamer124,"Fun game. Original concept. Has it's flaws, but I still enjoyed the game. I would recomend it. I would however say they should drop the price at this point. I got it from a Steam sale. I feel like $20 or less is a reasonable price. Nevertheless if you have extra money for it check it out. I just got around to playing it, bought it a while back (Curse you Steam sales!)."
,Recommended,228300,11366373,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,spacepurp420,the only way this game could get better is if the soundtrack was replaced with metal and all the attacks were modeled after pit moves
76561197982713939,Recommended,228300,11241561,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Transplanar,"Solid game! The combat system takes some getting used to, but is actually quite solid and clever.It has a similar feel to Arkham Asylum/City's combat, though it is much easier to get your combos interupted. That said, it offers a lot more tactical depth from the Pressen system.Plot was interesting, but nothing amazingly special.I'd say it would be around an 8 out of 10. Worth picking up on sale if you are intrigued by inventive combat systems."
,Recommended,228300,11242626,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dr. Deezee,"I really wanted to like Remember Me. The plot was interesting in the beginning and I thought the combo system was fairly novel and fun.Unfortunately, the game quickly wears itself out. It's very linear, combat is fairly easy and offers little variety, and the story ends up being very cliche. It was also fairly short - I have 8 hours on Steam and I replayed a few of the earlier levels to try and find collectibles I had missed (I can be a little OCD like that) so it's safe to say you could probably beat this game on your first go in 7 or 8 hours.There ARE things to collect and unlock and higher difficulties and achievements and trading cards and all that if you're into that sort of thing and find it redeeming. The unlockable fluff about the world and characters was interesting, but it seemed like you ended up getting more story from those things than from any of the cutscenes.All that being said, I don't necessarily regret playing through the game - I went in with no expectations and having heard nothing about the game before. I was just disappointed that it didn't seem to live up to it's fairly novel premise and strong opening. Consider picking it up on a sale.Final score - 6/10"
,Recommended,228300,11322381,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,gamerdreamerman,"The setting is awesome, but the gameplay has some very weak sections. Recommended if you have the patient to facepalm repeatedly,"
,Recommended,228300,11273867,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Commander Cody,"I like this game... it has many twists and turns packed in an Amazing story. The control with keyboard and mouse is a little difficult, but if you take a Gamepad (I used XBox360 Controller for windows) it's better. I needed 9 Hours for a playthrough on the easyest difficulty-level. There are after my opinion too few ""Memory-Hacks"" but those that are in the game are fun to experiment with."
,Recommended,228300,11280063,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mercius,Great graphics and runs well on a mid range system. Engaging storyline and a lot longer than I thought it would be. Combat could do with some tweaking as you end up spaming the same combo in the end due to the number of opponents. Would play again though.
,Recommended,228300,11280729,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,NandoVilches,This was a very good game - But it would not be worth the full price tag.Wait for it to go on sale for < $10 and then buy.With this game you are getting a story; there is not really any reason to replay it for missed collectables.
76561198026454291,Recommended,228300,11285303,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dartmaul,"It's quite complicated to describe this game in few words. So I would like to spread my review into two pieces.First of all I would like to say about the game atmosphere and what is going on during the game (no spoilers, I promise).This game has pretty interesting plot, that is focused on some certain people's life and relationships, those actually change the existing world. I absolutely like the general idea of this game, that shows the true essence of human's personality, it's his memories off course. In this game you has an unique ability to change people's memory, to actually change the reality for this man, and see how he will act after all. Also a pretty nice soundtrack accompanies the whole game.The gameplay is not very challenging but very interesting. Boss-fights are designed creatively and make you enjoy every single moment of it. A reach set of abilities and combos you can fully mod are making combat interesting.And now the sad part:This game was for sure made for consoles, and it has three terrible lacks.The 1st one is graphics, even the main hero's body isn't drawn as it should be. Secondary objects are absolutely horrible.2nd one is camera. It's done in a classic console way. It seems to be a free look but it's not. In some certain moments it's absolutely locked at some certain point making you unable to look around. Also, the movement key bindings are depending on camera position: to make character move to the right for example you sometimes have to press different buttons, depending on which side you're moving from this certain camera view. Since this game contains a lot of climbing, this brings a lot of inconvenience. Also every radio talk makes the main character to stop running and walk very slowly, that makes you to waste some more time.And the last but not least, closed world and linear level maps. I would like it to be like in the salt Tomb Rider.Also a bunch of very long cinematics you cannot skip.This game is pretty nice and funny to play, but it could be much, much better if would be desighned for PC."
,Recommended,228300,11326970,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Calandryll,"Excellent story that is a lot of fun.  Only downside is the repetive fighting, at least for me.  Other than that I really enjoyed it."
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,228300,11250320,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Flopy,AAA title gone wrong.- Clunky controls- Game that is not a game bit interractive movie. Player just runs into chat/tutorial/quicktime event time after a time- Game track feels exhausting and not compellingCapcom I want my money back -_-
,Recommended,228300,11251287,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MysticScribe,"The story line is very interesting and a great use self discover and morality. With no memory of who you are, how can you be sure you can trust those around you and know what you're doing is right? The fighting controls are a little confusing at first since it just throws you into a fight with no directions but once you get used to it, it's easy."
76561198014492538,Not Recommended,228300,12098374,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,S.S. Steebterprise,"This game was enjoyable and the story was decent. The biggest downfall is actually what makes it so interesting. The memory remixing it amazing as a concept, but unfortunately its problem is that there's only so many outcomes and once you get the outcome the game wants, there's no going back. It also happens so few and far between, you're often left wondering when the next one is going to come up. Other than that, the fighting feels like it was just shoved in there at the last second as a way to flesh out the game. It also incorporates a very linear climbing system as if they saw Assassin's Creed and went ""oh, we should do that too!""  They could've nixed the fights and climbing, made 20 more remixes and made this more of a detective adventure than a bad copy of a good game with a few scenes that make it kind of cool.Bottom line: If you're going to make a game that revolves around one thing that is unique and intersting, don't put so much filler in to make it seem more like a normal game."
,Recommended,228300,12098683,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Minosha,"I'd definitely recommend this game if you can get it on sale (like it is now).Gameplay wise, it falls a little short - Consists of combat, and some jumping/climbing.  The combat is pretty repetitive, though the customize your own combo system is a pretty neat idea - I wish it was expanded a bit more.  The exploration/navigation is very linear, with some 'hidden' secrets which are usually just a single room/hallway detour.That being said, the story and presentation is where this one shines.  The story, cinematography and voice acting are great - Set in a futuristic Neo-Paris, and focusing on memories.  The ability to remove painful/harmful memories, and/or remix them to produce new outcomes in the patient/victim's mind has driven the city into a sort of dystopian mixed with surveillance state environment.Overall, it is a great Sci-Fi concept/story that is presented very well.  Think of it as an interactive movie and I think you'll be happy.  It took me about 8 hours to complete, however I did miss some of the hidden goodies."
,Recommended,228300,12099212,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Crescensia,grab when on sales.quite easy even with hardest difficultyz.bosses are easier than mini boss.slight camera issue.
76561198110582007,Recommended,228300,12100540,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ajviking622,"Very underrated. The combat is fun and simple, would be better if there was a lock on feature but you will learn to work with out it. Segments in the game where you rewrite peoples memories are the best part about the game, but there are only a few so that ""mini-game"" goes down. all in all a good game, i wouldnt pay more than $15 though."
,Not Recommended,228300,12100663,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Haxxas,"Although the game has some nice visuals and the ""memory hacking"" parts are fun, it's just too much of gaming on rails with the game even telling you onto which ledge should you jump. So, I'm thinking why should you bother with this extra stuff of platform jumping and button-smashing fights, when you could just jump from cut-scene to another with the hacking-parts between them?I'm a bit disappointed, since the game idea seemed intriguing and I would have liked to like this."
,Recommended,228300,9896959,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,cpt.spudz,"Remember Me does a lot of things right: Killer art style, cyberpunk setting in Neo-Paris, surprisingly good story and an interesting brawl system where you can fully customise the effects of your combos e.g. if you are reliant on powers during combat, you can choose to set all your 3-hit combos to quickly build up mana and leave longer chains for a mix of healing and damage dealing. Fighting is pure button-mash and different enemies will often require you to change combos on the fly. Memory remixing is a huge let-down however, amounting to nothing more than an interactive movie few and far between. It’s a concept that could’ve been explored much more and incorporated into core gameplay. Other than that, it’s a pretty fun linear brawler."
76561198119151457,Recommended,228300,12119200,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,g.blockley,"Remember me is a gripping story that dabbles in originality and all the best story clichés. The story seems to be an activists view on taking social sharing to the extreme. What happens when the only thing that is truly yours, memories, are changed and deleted likePositives:The story, it is well written if a little predictable at times.The concept is well executed with the ability to alter, wipe and steal memories.The cinematics and action is fairly well balanced and used effectively.The combat, this is neither good nor bad. It's pretty repetitive but making somebodies memories explode through their face never gets old.Negatives:Combos, there is a list of 4 combos a 3 hit, 5 hit, 6 hit and 8 hit combo, that is all. These are made slightly more interesting by the pressen system; the pressen system allows you to edit combos even during battle to make particular combos heal you, do more damage or regenerate special moves faster.walking, most of the controls are great and easy to use but damn it Capcom learn that people can turn round without having to run in a little spiral.Other than the minor niggles this game is well worth it for the story and concept."
76561198010889161,Recommended,228300,12122917,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bigface32,"Remember Me feels like a breath of fresh air in this day and age of videogaming. It might not be a masterpiece, but it certainly is a unique title, blending combat a-la-God Hand with a classic cyberpunk setting (evil megacorps ruling, class warfare, hacking!).The plot begins as your standard cyberpunk story: evil corporation running the place and doing evil stuff, main character is a talented hacker working for the revolutionaries, ROW ROW FIGHT THE POWER! Or is it? Nillin, the main protagonist, often questions herself between missions about the morality of her actions, while trying to forge a new identity for herself having lost her memories before the game starts. And in the end even some of the villains end up being somewhat sympathetic, normal people having to deal constantly with the heavy burdens of their past.The game world manages to fascinate thanks to the stunning art design of Neo-Paris and a soundtrack that fits the cyberpunk overall theme of the game. Even when moving through the linear structure of the levels, one can admire the cure and dedication put into the world. Sadly, as written above, the game is set on a sequence of linear paths, with little to none exploration to be had.Gameplay-wise, the combat unfortunately becomes quite repetitive quite fast due to the lack of variety in both combos and enemies, with certain encounters entirely based on a ""use special move, wait for CD, repeat"" pattern (some boss battles, while entertaining and varied, fall into this category).The really juicy and unique mechanic is the remixing of memories: by witnessing some key moments in the lives of the target, Nillin can change subtle but important details in order to change those memories completely, therefore manipulating the actions of the ""remixed"". While finding the correct solution is an easy task overall, it leaves open the possibility to mess around  for a while and explore all the possible outcomes. Sadly, this mechanic is only used 4 times in the game. A pity, really.Overall, I would recommend this game for the world building, the memory-related mechanics and the story (an advice: play it in French with English subtitles, the voice acting is really on point), though the fairly monotone combat could prove too boring for someone."
,Not Recommended,228300,12102807,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Shinzakura,"This game had so much promise.  I loved the premise, the graphics were great, and the game flowed well.  What killed it for me?  The bugs.  The sheer number of bugs.  When it got to the point that I couldn't even use workarounds that are mentioned in the Steam forum to get around the game's bugs, that was it for me.Don't waste your money on this game.  Capcom doesn't care about the game; you shouldn't either."
,Recommended,228300,12102981,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Reeze The Vampire,"Thi game isn't my stlye/genre at all, I usually aim for FPS. Bu enjoying this game was no problem at all for me. Mostly is the genously writen storyline and the emotion behind it that gabbed me and held tight. owever, almost all of the rest of the game was very well developed; from the intricate and ever-changing combat, to the gorgeous artistic environments and characters. The only issue I had with the game as a whole were the moments where the camera felt extremely awkward and clunky during climbing sessions, sometimes leading to my death. The game is also very, very, linear, but that is to be expected with a beat 'em up style fighting game. Though, the beauty of the rest of the game easily overlooks the small errors. I recommend it to anyone who wants a challenge, and enjoys a good story. 8/10"
,Recommended,228300,12104039,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,foamcoreflyer,"This game oozes style and is confident in its lore and environmental design. The story is very Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ The technologies in the game explore the ramifications of artificial reality, memory modification, and how our memories shape our reality.The majority of the gameplay isn't bad, nor is it anything memorable nor annoying, but just a mechanic for engaging the player in the story and environment. Hacking someone's memory is the coolest thing to do in the game, I'll just say that.I love how it portrays memories, which I think it does a wonderful job visualizing.I think the success of this game suffers from the same thing games with premises hard to describe in one sentence. Psychonauts suffered from the same problem; it and this game are too non-mainstream to be massively profitable. Therefore, we probably won't see a sequel because this is, afterall, a game made by a large publisher who only measures sucess by the millions. I'm just glad a game like this actually got made."
,Recommended,228300,12104218,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,kayka,"A short, straight-forward, and enjoyable game. Not worth $30 I'd say, but a must-grab for scifi fans (or anyone interested in the story), and people who enjoy strong female protags when it's on sale.What makes this game enjoyable is the story, and the thoughts of Nilin as you try to take down Memorize. This game tells a great story with interesting characters and twists, all the way to the end. Memory Remixes are a great addition to Remember Me, and it's real defining feature.There is really no choice of control in this game. It's very straight forward, with no real question of where to jump, climb, or run to. The only other downside of this game are a few of the boss battles, some of which becoming very tedious and drawn-out. Don't play this game for the challenge of taking down the bosses or fighting the leapers.Preferrably, you'll take the easiest setting, get through the maybe 30 battles in Remember Me, but most of all, just enjoy the story it tells you."
76561198011811610,Recommended,228300,12104693,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ReTox,"'Remember Me' - Up-DownUP:- Fantastic Artwork & Style - Top Notch !!- Brilliant directing, felt like I was playing a movie.- Engrossing Story - You want to keep playing- Great Voice Acting - Some Familiar Voices can be Heard- Unreal Engine - Known 'Feel' and Gameplay- Stable (Only had one freeze through the whole game and that was Windows being... Windows)DOWN:- Very Linear - They try to hide it but it is quite linear.- Checkpoint Only Saves- Limited Replayability- Bad Camera Tracking During Fights- Unreal Engine - Some innovation and new 'ways' of doing things but not a lot, it can get repetitive.Verdict - It's a good game but could be a little better.If you like story driven single player games like I do then look into it.  There's not a lot of replay in it but it's one I'll play again I'm sure.  I can't say enough about the artwork and style, I bought the game during the Capcom weekend sale and the art alone was worth what I paid for it.  I recommend the game to buy when on sale.7/10"
76561198154182662,Recommended,228300,12105466,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,fallenangeloflight,"The first time I saw this game was when Cryaotic played it on YouTube. I REALLY REALLY liked it and thought, 'I should buy it on the PS2 or PS3.' I put it off for so long that I forgot about it. Then I finally decided to make use of my PC and get a Steam account to buy games. Never in my wildest dreams would I think that I'd be able to get the 80% off deal this weekend! Just in time! So I thought 'What the hell!' and bought it. And let me just say that: IT'S AMAZING. Being able to play a game recommended by one of my fav YouTuber's is great :) I loved watching Cry play it and I enjoy playing it myself now. The game is amazing, the storyline is amazing, the gameplay is amazing, the character's are amazing, etc. I basically had to force myself to stop playing it after 3 hours so that I wouldn't finish it too early! :DOverall: It was an awesome buy :)"
76561198010981788,Recommended,228300,12107674,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,TonkaTruck,Worth the money. The game gets redundent but fights are fluid and there is a pretty good story line. I would say the game fell short of its potential but its still worth a play through.
,Recommended,228300,11953653,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ashitaka_hamana,"Usually for games that have as many flaws as this game dones, I would NOT recommend it...however, this is a game that shows a group of developers likely to make a future banger. The game is slightly mis-guided and tries to become a game that it just isn't (really bad action/fighting), when it should have become more of a mixed adventure game (Heavy Rain with some platform for good measure).The atmosphere is superb. The art direction is tasty & there are some really refreshing elements throughout the game. If you can nab the game for $10 or under...take the leap & keep a look out for their next game."
,Recommended,228300,12174838,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,NG_Absalon[GER],"So i was just about to erase the final encouters memory when i suddenly got a blue screen.After i tried to reboot my system the bios said that no harddrives were connected and i should disconnect all drives not containing the OS.Said and done i succesfully booted into windows again just to notice that all my harddrives (except the windows one) where no longer recognized by windows.So i checked the diskmanager and went into the bios just to realize everything is fine.After booting into Windows again everything was back to normal.Really nice feature that you litterally hack into your ""own memory"" and erase it.10/10"
76561198025225541,Recommended,228300,12214977,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,lvasa,"Excellent. There are many positives and just a few minor negatives. The game has great design (which resembles Mirrors Edge), very good music, it is well optimized and the controls work well on PC (keyboard + mouse). Most importantly, it is enjoyable. There are fights that resemble the recent Batman games, but IMHO work better, since the perks you unlock in time actually have an impact and are useful, and the combo system rewards its proper use. There is the memory glitch searching, which I have never seen before, which is a rather simple ""look for sign"" game, but it does require some consideration. Finally, there are climbing parts that resemble Tomb Raider. These could be improved, but they are no worse that what you usually get. The minor problems are the camera, which occasionally has a mind of its own, but this happens actually quite rarely. And some might see the corridor-oriented walking a drawback, yet for me it actually pushes the game forward and keeps me from getting stuck. The game is about fighting and climbing, and not about finding your way in a city. All in all, one of the best games I have played in years, and I certainly recommend it."
76561198009893444,Recommended,228300,12219025,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Wezzor,"It's been a while since I played a special and unique game like this one. If you want a reference, the combat is kind of similar to Batman: Arkham Asylum's with platform style found in the Assassin's Creed games, and everything wrappedYou play as Nilin, a girl with no memories with the power to manipulate the memories of others. The story is amazing, I was hooked up from the beginning until the end, and the game is not short either which is really good in my opinion.Technically, it's beautiful. The art is fantastic and the action fast. It uses the Unreal Engine, but it's well implemented. You will never see the usual problem with this engine about the textures not loading fast enough found in someother games using the Unreal Engine. Although, you may find some stuttering is some areas because the game loads while you play (you'll never see a loading screen), but this almost never happens and if it does, it's almost unnoticeable.Also, it's true that the game is linear, but the designs are so fantastic and diverse, that you will never find a ""recycled"" area. Everything is designed differently, with details worthy to stop and watch. You will be also doing that anyway if you want to find secrets, to unlock bonuses, increase your health, etc...The combat seems complex and difficult to ""implement"", but it's really easy. You have a max of 4 combos and as you progress in the game, you will unlock more attacks to form different combos with special effects, like increasing your damage, recover your health, and more. It sounds complex, but it isn't. It's really easy and fun to use and edit.With a great story, excellent voice acting, great animations (they did an excellent job with the motion capture), this is a game worthy of a purchase and to play it."
,Recommended,228300,19221780,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Connormac99,Amazing story and I don't care what anybody says - I loved the combat system! Found this because of Life is Strange and DONTNOD don't fail to please!
,Recommended,228300,9692049,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,[MoW]Dex Corp5,"This was much more than I expected. The controls with a gamepad are very solid and the game played well. The story was very interesting and the Visuals were awsesome.Cons: This is a combo system fighting game, which was well done, but later with so many enemies you cant finish a long combo.The game had no real glitches except the sound cut out once in a while. (i just minimized and reaopened and it worked again)I give this one a thumbs up for originality and stunning visuals."
,Recommended,228300,439644,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Sweetz,"I'm really glad I played Remember Me.  The game has some flaws, mainly with the combat which never quite manages to be as fun as it should.  However, the presentation is top notch.  Incrediable aesthetics throughout and one of the most amazing sound tracks I've ever heard, games or otherwise.  The story, while a bit messy at times to be properly engaging, is original and interesting and keeps you guessing about the direction they're going with it.Despite the flaws, I would take a Remember Me any day of the week over a better playing but more mundane game.  I'm glad this title made it to market, and I'm hoping that it eventually does well enough for the developer to live on and get even better."
,Recommended,228300,3860873,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Jat371,"An amazing journey and emotional storyline. Sleep was the only thing preventing me from playing it in one sitting. The gameplay was nearly flawless and the soundtrack was one of the best and most original scores I've ever heard. Buy it as soon as you can, worth every penny."
,Recommended,228300,9554183,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,=EGC= Kalell4,"Priced at 67% off regular price I would recommend picking up this one.  Story is good, graphics are nice, overall a great game.  Give it a try it will be worth your time."
,Recommended,228300,9554299,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Omega_Win_7,"Catching Story, you might want to play it with an controller"
76561198024972232,Recommended,228300,3579150,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Aunt Jimima,"Overall a very abitious game that doesn't quite reach the goal that it set for itself. The story balances out to be okayish, with some interesting ideas presented, but some more important and glaring ones left out. Gameplay is what you would expect from an action game (Batman AA/AC), but tries to change things up with the promising combo lab to allow custom combos to be made. Sadly, this didn't change up a whole lot, as I just button mashed through most encounters. Platforming just requires pressing the jump button. However, the real star of the game is the setting of Neo Paris, which looks stunning if you have a graphics card good enough. Music is also excellent. Although the game is a bit short (about 10 hours for me), I would say that Remember Me deserves at least a quick look at, but don't pay more than $30."
,Recommended,228300,9555950,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Asatruer,"Great art both in fidelity and style help set this games grim dystopian cyberpunk mood for this good platform jumper, puzzle solving brawler. Platform jumping is more akin to the Prince of Persia and Tomb Raider games than it is to Assassin's Creed, meaning things are more fickle, less forgiving and not at all open-world. Comber is pretty much completely melee and flows much like the recent Batman games, but with a rather nice combo customization system to give it some spice. The games memory hacking elements end up being used only in a rather small number of cases, with the game focusing more on the stealing of memories to aid in security by-passing intrusion. Most of the character's special powers end up being much more like uber-hacking of things like doors and other machinery to add puzzles for the platform jumping aspects and as special combat powers that become nearly necessary to be victorious in various battles along the way.Mouse support is not very good, so access to a gamepad controller is advised, and since there is no gunplay to worry about, no loss of aiming will be noticed.As I had read that the English voice actors were not as good as the French, I played through with French audio and English subtitles and felt the experience to have been rather good."
,Recommended,228300,9556388,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,esurio (quinn),"Looks like there's a sale going on for Remember Me right now. I just played it, and while I wouldn't recommend it for full price, I think it's definitely worth the $10 it's on sale for right now (and maybe even a bit more than that). The game is damn pretty, and the story and gameplay are pretty good considering it's a CAPCOM game. The atmosphere reminded me a bit of Omega from the Mass Effect series, and it's the same graphics engine (Unreal) which probably lended to that reminiscince. There's a unique mechanic in the game regarding altering other people's memories that's worth checking out, if nothing else. I wish it got used more, because it was fun to mess around with. Oh, and I really enjoyed the way the game used cutscenes -- they were frequent but short, and they were blended so well with the gameplay that a few of the first times a cutscene ended, I didn't even realize until I got murdered or punched in the face or something. (I guess you could look at that as a bad thing, too. :P)Major drawback: the game is pretty short. It took me ~15 hours to play through on Normal, and I always take my time with games with any kind of collection/exploration element to them, so it would probably take a normal person closer to ~11. I guess this means the story is tighter than it might have otherwise been, though? No time for fluff or meaningless sidequests."
,Recommended,228300,9557121,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,IdealTheif,"This game is a mix between assassin creed and Total Recall.  the only problem i find in this game is that it takes place in France, otherwise, its A. O. K."
,Recommended,228300,9557149,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,KimiF17954,"The main reason I got it was due to the memory hunting aspect of the game, where you are given the ability to alter a persons memory so they believe something different happened. I myself would have liked to have remixed a few more memories as I enjoyed seeing how altering the memories would play out to different situations.The mixing up of combo's can really save your life, like having a health combo or a cool-down combo can be crucial when you need to quickly activate one of your special abilities. Certain enemies are resistant to hand to hand combat so attacking them with a health combo can dish out damage and gain health. You are given a ranged weapon called the spammer to hit your opponents from affar and hit light switches.Some other enemies are invisible an require the use of the spammer to activate the light which reveals them and allows you the chance to hit them, you can also activate a special ability that stuns everyone and gives you that chance to attack everyone (Including the invisibles).The scenery is amazing although I would have liked to have interacted with some of the shops that were around.This game has a great story it kept me guessing all the way to the end once I got hold of the main plot.I will no doubt go back and play again as I have to find all the little drops, which lead to achievements. It was annoying that sometimes I would just miss them on occasion, but they are pointed out quite well.A very good game, has it's frustrating moments, but such a sense of achievement once past those parts."
,Recommended,228300,9557448,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,B3L13V3R,"Amazing in 3D...  wish it supported surround... great flow, great concept, and decent plot so far. Only a couple hours in and I keep opening this game before considering others."
,Recommended,228300,4667523,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,The GhostBox,"Though Remember Me got some technical issues in the form of somewhat janky camera controls, linear gameplay and a half-decent combat system, the story weighs up for it and takes you on a fantastic ride throgh a well-crafted world! Another large bonus is the amazing sountrack that set the an amazing atmosphere.8.5/10 - Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,228300,8615474,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Slowbro,"I really love this game. No really, I do, and rating it on a number system, to me, seems like an awful disservice. It isn't everyday that you come across a game that feels so unabashedly, modestly designed. Sure, this isn't to say that it is the best game design or the best writing but that doesn't matter because the game is -good- not in the sense where it ticks off everything on the giant ""this is what games should include to be good"" list. It is good because it was made by people who wanted to make something that they actually wanted to make. It is something we see often in the indie market but very rarely in the mainstream game market. So, if nothing else, purchase this game because you want to support the developer and you want to show publishers that these are the kind of games people want, games with creative vision by developers who actually want to make them. It's hard to put into words just how games like this make me feel just by existing except ""♥♥♥♥ing amazing.""While the game may include the ubiquitous protagonist with a lost memory trope it does play with it in a rather unique way. It shows how memories make who we are, we are not innately natured, but can be shaped from one event. If that event had fell differently we might be a completely different person. Nilin's ability is to capitialize on this. She can alter people's memory so that they remember events differently and thus become wholly different people. And throughout the course of the game we see her change as she pieces the mystery back together and through it she becomes as different as the people whose memories she changes.Okay, the story may not be the most original sci-fi piece out there, but it does play with convention enough and makes you question identity and memory enough that it is very engaging. It is the kind of high-concept sci-fi stuff that I just eat up, the kind of stuff like The Fifth Element that is highly-stylized and kind of campy but completely enjoyable.And, boy is this game stylised, the best element of this game is the visuals. While that may not sell the game completely for some audiences, it does for me. The only other game in recent memory that has actually made me stop what I am doing and just taken in the enviroments was Bioshock Infinite, and this game may have made me do it even more. It may even be one of the best examples of world building to date with some of the details you pick up from text logs and clever visual design. It creates a highly-stylized cyberpunk world that really feels ""lived-in,"" probably one of the best since Blade Runner. The music and sound design are equally awesome, the soundtrack being an orchestral/synth/glitch pop mix that is very unique and fits with the visual design and theme of the story. I would admit that the voice acting is a little on the mediocre side on some characters but that is to be expected with a start-up studio so it wasn't a huge hang-up for me.The gameplay is serviceable, good, maybe great, but admittidly not spectacular. The coolest mechanic is the ability to make combos which is actually pretty awesome when you can get ones that really suit your playstyle. The fighting reminds me of the fighting in those Arkham batman games maybe even better in some ways. You can tell this developer is small and they are more talented in the art in writing department than in gameplay development, and honestly, I would rather have more games like these. Games that made entirely out of love and interest than something that has technically better gameplay but are done entirely by the numbers and just for income. Not that those games cannot be also good, its just that a game like Remember Me will be way more memorable than many other AAA games which do sport better gameplay but lack character.Lastly, if you care about this sort of thing (which you should), Nilin is a fantastic female protagonist and I really want to see more like her. She reminds me a lot of Faith in Mirror's Edge, and I hope she becomes a cult favorite too. We need more female leads in action games, especially women of color as Faith and Nilin both are.Few extra notes: I played this with keyboard and mouse but I hear many people say it is better with a controller. I do remember it being kind of finicky on mouse controls but nothing terrible."
,Recommended,228300,5565611,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Syka Blyat',"игра супер,советую поиграть"
76561198004638606,Recommended,228300,9559157,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Olivier Lenheim,Great game. Little annoying getting the hang of fighting and what to do on occasion but still definitely worth a play.
,Recommended,228300,9559288,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,JC,"Een must havecombinatie van ""Tomb Raider"" en ""Assassin's Creed"" met interessante verhaallijn en waanzinnige combat"
76561198017966657,Recommended,228300,9718799,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,The_Duke,"Remember Me is a unique type of game. Great gameplay and Graphics are smooth. To me this game is a mix of Batman Arkham City becuase how you avoid getting hit by enemies. You can create your own combos which is pretty sweet. Story is very detailed and you have to pay attention to the story or you will get confused or lost. There are a few QTE when fighting the boss. I would give this game a 8/10. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes detailed story and that likes the fighting style of the game. I just wished that the story was longer than it is,PROS--Creating your own Combos-Graphics are nice-easy keys layout-Story was very detailedCons--Short Story (it took about me 10hrs to beat)-Must have a good computer to handle the graphics-Wish you can free roam"
76561198064105321,Recommended,228300,9602562,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,PresDonaldTrunk,"Great story with more depth than a lot of the games that I have played. It even comes with its very own twist at the end...lucky you. In-game music was fantastic, loved every second of it. Combat system is fun but a little repetitive, although it didn't bother me until I replayed it. Good game 8/10"
76561197973276555,Recommended,228300,8544746,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Andrunn,"Don't listen to the bad reviews, this game has a cool atmosphere, interesting story, and captivating characters. It gets off to a slow start and the combat is boring until you start gaining your combos and super-abilities, but then it gets a lot more interesting. Especially fun is how you stack your combos and when you use each one as dictated by the circumstances. And by that time, you've explored so much more of future-Paris and gotten sucked into the story that you keep enjoying it.My main complaint would be the camera angles can be frustrating but I learned to work with them. Also, it's very linear similar to Bioshock games, so don't expect open-world Assassin's Creed or GTA. I like open-world a little more, but linear has its place so long as the story is exceptional, which in this game it is."
76561198013736322,Recommended,228300,9607198,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Rick,Great atmosphere and world. Interesting story.
76561198012694312,Recommended,228300,9595780,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,niko40,"This game is pretty interesting one. It's not perfect but I'd say it really underrated on steam. Played it once on normal difficulty in 12 hours.It's linear (and obvious about it) and story driven but a real good kind at that. There are a few puzzles here and there, nothing hard though and the game tends to make sure you can't get stuck at any point. Combat is hand to hand all the way, it was entertaining enough. If you like movie like experiences in games, I would recommend this game and dare to say it would be worth full price in steam. Or wait for discount if unsure. :)If you like open world exploration and/or RPGs rather than linear gameplay and hate quick time events then I wouldn't recommend this.High points would be:- Story, Okay story, not a super huge impact for me but I'll remember it.- Visuals, were real pretty from start to finish. And I'd say it was interesting and well thought out.- Sounds, Interesting music and okay voice acting.- Lasts just long enough so it doesn't become boring.Okay parts:- Combat, It's interesting enough and it forces you to adjust your moves and follow your environment. Danger indication is always visible giving you a chance to dodge. Character does exactly what you tell it to do and when you tell it to do. Just not my thing and could have had a few group fighting moves too instead of just all individuals. Still, if you get hit, it's usually your own damn fault and I think that's just fare... But nothing ground breaking.- Some enemies. Just annoy you most of the time. Killing them can be real satisfying though...Low parts:- Camera, it's sometimes bugging around in corners and tight hallways. Minor annoyance from time to time.- Fiddly non-combat controls... Hard to position the character for a jump sometimes. A bit spazzy in general."
,Recommended,228300,9085488,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Destroyer of Worlds,"Very good French voiceovers. Decent English voiceovers. Beautiful environments. Quite linear. Quite repetative. The memory hack scenes are fun, but short. Would love to see more of this IP. 7 oui ouis out of 10."
76561198058371460,Recommended,228300,9087716,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,cATARIina83,"More games like this! Really cool and futuristic environments, graphics, unique cinematics, ambience and gameplay.Sometimes a bit tiresome fighting scenes and boss battles though."
,Recommended,228300,9187699,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Erocknroll,Only fault I would give this game is its short length.  The cadence of the fighting and atmosphere of its world are amazing.
76561197968223431,Recommended,228300,9189604,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bahn Yuki,"Excellent game with a very original plot. Plays well and feels far superior than some console port. This game's futuristic environments/soundtrack really set an atmosphere that must be experienced. Easily one of the best games this generation and a must play. Forget MetaCritc scores on the console versions as the engine was just too ambitious for such old hardware. Gameplay mechanics are slick and the control was tight. 9/10, well worth the $50 price tag."
,Recommended,228300,1294132,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,SignpostMarv,"Memory remixing is an interesting mechanic in the game, but I've found it to be disappointingly under-utilised. I'd rate this a ""Meh+"""
,Recommended,228300,9242866,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Scharf As A Tack,"Surprisingly satisfying game. While the combat remained rather stale and button mash-y throughout, the storyline and impressive visuals kept me engaged. While I thoroughly enjoyed the French language voice acting, I found it quite odd (and a bit of a letdown) that I was unable to change the subtitles or the in-game language to accompany the audio (especially for a game from a French developer that's set in Paris)."
,Recommended,228300,9419741,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Shyra,"A very awesome game with an intriguing story. The combat in this game is very nice and satisfying if you land perfect combos. Combos can be made by customizing your combos with different attacks: power, regen, cooldown and chain attacks. Using those you can customize your combos with thousands of different combinations.The downsides for me were: the camera angles are sometimes very wonky and annoying, you don't have full control over your camera which can be very annoying sometimes. Another big downside for me was the large amount of quicktime events, as in having to dodge/quickly run from something under the time limit, or when a boss is at it's critcal stage, you have to perform a quick time event using combos, but there is not much time allowed and no room for errors, leading you to having to try mulitple times if you make a mistake.Other than that it was a very nice game to play, the combat is very cool and satisfying if you hit lots of combos (also the music interaction with combos is very nice). The story is very interesting and the soundtrack is simply brilliant."
,Recommended,228300,9397840,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Viroflay,"Wicked art style, amazing story/concept. Like the idea of customizing the combos even though the combat is a little bland.Climbing sections have that ""on rails"" feeling so there is no risk when jumping between gaps.Remix sections can be a little time consuming but really appreciate the level of detail in the animation of those sections.9/10"
,Recommended,228300,9313809,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zephiie,"Gorgeous visuals, a strong protagonist, and a futuristic neo-Paris you wish you could explore more.  The voice was great too."
,Recommended,228300,9214790,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,AGC,"Simply an amazing game. If you are a fan of Blade Runner, Inception, or the like, you will love this game. The story is simply astounding - and the idea of remixing memories is novel, as is an economy built on the commoditization of them. The plot twist I was expecting (but didn't happen) is that you in fact aren't the main character, just another person who had her memories transplanted in you.The game is satisfying, if linear. The only criticism I would have is that the places where the bonuses are hidden aren't very well indicated many times, and if you make a wrong turn and continue the story, you can't go back.Outside of that, time and money extraordinarily well spent."
76561197970835490,Recommended,228300,9284346,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,robblindsay,"This game is awesome. Not for the gameplay, it's solid but not exceptional, nor is it for the combat which again is solid but not outstanding. The real star of this show is the story and the world in which it takes place. Proper Cyberpunk storyline that could have been written by William Gibson or Neal Stephenson, it's well voice acted which really fleshes out the story nicely. The game has some really nice features that make it stand out such as the ability to edit memories or load different modules in and out of your combat abilities mid-fight."
,Recommended,228300,9146891,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DV8ER,"Remember Me brings several very unique game play elements to the table that blend together to create a truly fun, original and fantastically done game.  If you've not yet picked it up and you like ""cyber punk"" style games, I strongly suggest you give this one a shot, it's worth the price tag!"
,Recommended,228300,9379748,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ASSseekingTONGUEmissle,"RememberMehas a lot going for it. Interesting concept, beautiful setting, and an involving story. Unfortunately it also has some potent negative factors.Control.As a console port, the game handles like a garbage truck sometimes, causing even the simplest movements to become a trying task. Jumping over obstacles is out of the question as invisible walls and even debris blocks Nilin from moving forward. I found myself more often than not getting caught on a droid arm lying on the ground and not being able to get out of its elbow nook. Taking from the popularity of Assassin's Creed, wall climbing and building scaling are the most used method of getting around, but its not FUN! The games sometimes hurtfully linear design means Nilin -must- take one route to her destination, which is a pity during the early game where the slums of future Paris sprawl out in all directions. With all the effort the designers put into building such an amazing area it was a shame to not get to explore it.Cutscenes.Too many cutscenes. Too many too short cutscenes. Too many short in-game cutscenes. There has never been a need for a cutscene in-game every 20ft. It breaks the player out of the story when you take control away from them to walk two steps and then give it back. I could have walked those two steps.Combat.Here is something I really tried to find fun, but was mostly tedious. Build your own combo. Take traits from four different catagories and build a combo that can do huge burst damage, lower cooldown timers, or even heal yourself. Sounds good, right? By the end of the game I had two combo's. A healing combo, and a damage combo that lowered my cooldowns, but it gives you FOUR combo's to build! Each longer and more complicated to remember. If you're the kind of person who can remember which order you placed your kicks and punches in to attain maximum combo awesomeness, then maybe you'll appreciate the combat system a little more than I did. I am apparently dumb and prefer three/five hit combo's to seven/nine hit combo's.Now what I -DID- like about the combat system was the special abilities. After building enough focus by smashing enemies with your fists you can level the field by using one of Nilin's randomly acquired abilities that you acquired for no reason other than plot and the current enemy demanded it. Not that I wasnt grateful for the cool moves. I had a massive hard-on for the data bomb you could strap to an oppenent in the middle of combat and have him blow up and take out half of the enemies around him. Or the stealth upgrade which came in handy for one shot disabling the guards with shields that zapped you, a-la Arkham stun baton's.As per usual with almost every game now there was the obligatory ""push now for things to happen"", but I've come to accept that this is now a thing and it will keep happening. I am indifferent. The boss fights are almost like mid-terms where you take everything you've learned so far and beat someone up who has a name. The final boss culminates -everything- you've learned over the game and makes you use it. Something I personally liked. I'm looking at you TOMB RADIER. Hunt for food and then never hunt for food again.StoryNow the part of the game that I really liked. I hope to turn you on with this section. I know I haven't sounded like I enjoyed the game, but I did.You are Nilin: Memory Hunter. You've had your mind wiped and take up arms against the corporation Memorize to not only take back who you are, but to free future Paris from its downward spiral of social media addiction and misery. Armed with nothing but your memory hacking glove and a mysterious guiding figure who refers to himself as ""Edge"", Nilin must push through a hostile world where she has lived her whole life, but is only seeing for the first time.Ooooh, sexy right? Yes! I wrote that for -you-. For all its faults, the story and plot are SEXY! It gives you the things a game should give you. A quest of discovery and redemption! Forces trying to stop the discovery and redemption which you then PUNCH IN THE FACE and push onward toward discovery and redemption! What can possibly give the hero an advantage over her enemies?!Enter Memory Remixing.This right here? This. Is. The. Bomb. It only happens a few times through the game, which is so sad, BUT, every time it happens you are going to be fully involved in the game. Nilin enters the mind of a character and watches a memory. It is now up to you to rewind the memory and edit small details to acheive a new outcome. This is by far the best part of the game. This is the part of the game that you wait for. Even when done wrong and you have to rewind the memory and start all over again three, four, five times, its still interesting.I recommend this game for those with controllers. I think it will handle MUCH better than a keyboard/mouse combo.And for those looking for a rating, I give it a7/10."
,Recommended,228300,9335756,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TheLordofIce,"A little short, but a wonderful immersive story! Also great to see a non-stereotyped female protagonist! I'ed give it an 8/10! So buy it when it is on sale! Too short for full $50."
,Recommended,228300,9336731,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,BlueAeon,Fun game and it got a pretty good story. Only problem is the comat sytem is good but something about it is just off.
76561197961068023,Recommended,228300,9272818,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Caido,"The Matrix meets Inception, that is perhaps giving it a little too much credit. Set in a cyberpunk future ""Neo-Paris"" where memories can be copied, shared or stolen. Remember Me has style for sure however when it comes to one of the most central parts of the game: the combat, it falls short.I wouldn't recommend playing with mouse and keyboard if you have a controller, I played with an xbox controller and even that felt clunky. The combat is frustrating for a number of reasons, there is no Lock-on feature when fighting, the only lock on is for your ranged weapon.Dodging is awkward and a little buggy sometimes you can find yourself stuck in a dogpile of enemies if you do not compensate for that eventualilty.The combos can be really hard to pull off even though they aren't that complex buttonwise, the problem is when fighting multiple enemies one always sneaks in a jab and breaks your combo, you can dodge and resume the combo but the time you're given to do so is very short.The combo editing system had the potential to be really awesome mixing and matching damage, health regen, cooldown reset and multiplier moves however it simply isn't mainly because a jack of all trades combo set isn't good at anything and you are much better off focusing one of the four sets soley to do damage or regen health ect.7/10. Great visuals and story, great sound design and voice acting, poor music however and then of course the flawed combat."
76561197971088971,Recommended,228300,12074813,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Hot2moli,Great story!  Game type changes often to keep it from getting boring.
,Recommended,228300,12074872,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,♛♥Swaymus♥,"So far I played 4 hours, I think it is a really nice game :) The controls takes a bit getting used to but when you got it down it's really fun. I especially like the combo part of the game - I found out quite late and when I got it I OWNED those monsters! :D I am playing on PC so the remixing of memories was a riddle to me for about 5 minutes, but when I figured it out it was easy. I definitely recommend this game to people if it's on sale. It's a little bit scary but I get scared real easy so, maybe other people won't think so ;)Other than that I really enjoy the story of the game, Edge and Tommy - and Nilin has a cool name :)So all in all, so far, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,228300,12076459,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zguh,This game made my♥♥♥♥♥♥turn into a heaping serving of spaghetti.
76561198010568949,Recommended,228300,12077660,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Yajirobe,"i have to say i enjoyed this game emensly and from what i can tell it takes inspiration from a lot of things.  there is definately a kind of flashback thing going on linked with a very deus ex like distopian future of control, i love the fighting and the although limited customisation it still made me feel involved with the process, then spoiler alert, at the end it all goes a bit tron esque for the final battle.  bit of a jumble of ideas but all linked quite well with an engaging story"
,Recommended,228300,12078817,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,samrsmith2,"Clean ui and streamlined combat system reminicent of the arkham series. The memory sequence remixing is a fairly simplistic puzzle system but provides a unique interactive plot element. On a side note, I found this title more enjoyable with a connected controller rather than my usual mouse and keyboard (though of course playable with either). Overall a very enjoyable title."
76561198028187992,Recommended,228300,12079668,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Lex1138,"Hey so I just downloaded this game and am loving it, its totally worth the $6.00"
76561197973402038,Recommended,228300,11927437,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,bara,the game is well done
76561197976510832,Recommended,228300,9621280,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Master Thrasher,I don't get why this game got poor reviews. It's a brawling game with platforming like the Uncharted series. The combo system takes a little time to get used to. The graphics are superb. The characters in the cutscenes look real.The best part of the game is when you're able to manipulate other people's memories. I wish there was more of that.
,Recommended,228300,9614270,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Wyu.// 信 治 ( ｡◕‿ ◕ ),"+Nice Art+Nice Camera+Good Story+Nice OST+Nice Combo System+Nice Remix Memory System-Bad-Easy Combat (Batman-like)-Too Linear :/-Bad Platform SystemFor a movie: 8/10For a game: 5/10TOTAL: 6,5/10Worth to play  ;)"
,Recommended,228300,9624159,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[BB]Vektorous,Its a good game but there were times were I had to restart parts due to glitches. As another reviewer stated its a game that is a good sale buy. The music is great and is up there with Mirror's Edge. If that is your cup of tea that this might be a game for you
,Recommended,228300,10276087,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The Mad Poet,Fun to play. Definitely a visual treat.
,Recommended,228300,21479227,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Finished this around 9-10 hours and I enjoyed it even though I felt it got a little long winded towards the end. I loved the setting/atmosphere and the soundtrack was great. The combat was fun, similar to the Batman games except you can customize each combo to your liking. The platforming was done well, no stupid deaths and no fighting the camera. No crashes, ran and looked great, fully customizable controls, no FOV slider but there is an easy fix for it. If you can make it through the game then ending is worth it. I definitely recommend this game and I’m sure it’s gonna go on sale soon so GRAB IT."
,Recommended,228300,19627209,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Deadaghram,"Like all games that take place in the future, Remember Me is set in a dystopian-esq world where the rich are richer, the poor are poorer, zombies exist, and memories are a form of currency.  You can remove bad memories and relive good ones over and over again, perhaps even other peoples.Nilin is a freedom fighter in Neo-Paris in 2084.  She's fought against the destructive nature of memory monopoly company Memorize and the way they've allowed their technology to be used as punishment, to remove the memories of a negative event even though it had a major inpact on that person's life, and to turn normal human beings into zombies who've lost their mind and can only destroy for as long as she can remember...or so she's told.  All of her memories have been erased and she's in the most secure prison in Neo-Paris, the Bastille.  Then, a man named Edge, who is able to communicate via the memory plug located on nearly every human's neck, instructs Nilin how to get free and return to her old self.  For the rest of the game, you uncover Nilin's lost past and attempt to free everyone from their fake self’s.Combat is similar to a 3D fighting game.  You press buttons to do combos, called pressons, that either allow you to steal health from enemies, reduce cooldowns on special skills, or straight-up do more damage.  You also, eventually, get what is essentially a gun, Spammer, to shoot switches that open doors, turn on/off lights, or just to do a little damage from a far and break shields of certain enemies.  She also has access to skills, S-Pressons, which can effect battle by giving you more power, blowing-up enemies, and several other effects.It's somewhat of a clunky system as you can only continue combos on one enemy at a time but, since you're constantly getting hit and having to dodge around without a target lock, it's easy to lose said combo.  It can turn simple battles into a bit of a grind if you're only allowed to hit someone once or twice doing barely any damage.  This is easier to overcome late game when you realize you gain more presson options to make a short, powerful three attack but mid-game it can be frustrating.  If you're against one to three guys, though, it can be pretty fun, assuming you're getting most of the frames per second and not lagging like I was.Character depth is, for the main characters, amazing.  Nilin is a strong female lead who, after the prologue, isn't a damsel in distress and is legitmate♥♥♥♥♥kicker.  She shows her emotions but when the world around you is, literally, falling apart, most people would show some concern for the brain annihilated zombies or innocent people being pillaged.  You also feel for all the bosses in the game.  They all have some pretty heavy baggage which you get to see via the Memory Remix sections of the game where you manipulate the memories of certain characters for the reasons Nilin needs.  The only issue with the Memory Remix sections is they're not very open ended.  There were plenty of options for several endings to them but there's only one and it can take a while to reach.  There's so much stuff to do in the mixes, and most are interesting, but sitting and twirling the joysticks for 30 minutes trying not to miss the two frames you need to catch to continue gets boring.Remember me tries to keep things fresh by changing levels up a bit.  Sometimes you're fighting but often you're Assassin Creed style parkouring, albeit in a linear fashion, from ledge to ledge.  One level has you running from a maniac in an attack helicopter.  Other times, you're reliving memories to avoid bombs or open doors.  There’s also a fair bit of walking around that allows you take in the amazing backgrounds and appreciate how much time and effort was spent into developing the art work.The music fits the futuristic tone but isn't drum and bass techno.  The dystopian nature of the game doesn't allow for much ""dropping of the bass"" but it works and works well.  Most of the tracks were recorded by an orchestra and written by the same guy who wrote the music for Assassins Creed IV - Freedom Cry DLC, Olivier Deriviere, so if you liked Assassins Creed music, give this a listen.  The soundtrack is mostly ambient but enhances tense and depressing moments.iTunesAmazonDuring the game, you're able to collect 40 Mnemist Memories to find out more about the back story and see concept art that reminds you how amazing graphics of the game are.Some people are mixed on this game but if you're patient then you can enjoy digging into a revolution and political upheaval and you turn Paris upside down while exploring an idea that I haven't seen much of - memories.  I'm so glad DontNod Entertainment didn't go with the climate change idea.Word of warming though, the game has unskippable cutscenes.  I totally understand if that is a deal breaker."
,Recommended,228300,3592917,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Myrhial,"The near-perfect love-child of several great games. Story and setting remind me of Deus Ex: HR as well as Mirror's Edge, combo combat system has something of Sleeping Dogs in it, and the third-person parkour navigation feels a bit like Assassin's Creed. Combine that with a bunch of interesting characters, gorgious environments, and an excellent soundtrack and you've got an excellent mix going. I fell in love with it right from the start.The only point where I felt the game falls a little short is that the camera sometimes works against you, making you miss the chance to dodge an incoming blow. Combat system might be slightly easier for some with a controller, but configuring your pressens according to the situation has a much bigger impact than that."
,Recommended,228300,4897757,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,stilgar,"I am absolutely in love with this game.Near, dystopian future. Neoparis. Hacking memories.Gameplay is something between Tomb Raider, Mirror's Edge, Witcher 2 and the story is similar to Total Recall and Johnny Mnemonic.I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a game so much. Everything here is perfect, and it looks marvelous in 3D."
76561197987744283,Recommended,228300,1144400,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,GnomishLich,"from the opening steps to the very last scenes, Remember Me draws the player into a world that is all its own. a strong narrative drive, rewarding combat, unique boss fights and the stellar memory remix sequences all add to the great experience that is this game. I finished the last parts of it and was left wondering, what will this developer do next?"
,Recommended,228300,7446908,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Werupenstein,"This game was another pleasant surprise, I was semi excited for this before it came out but reviews cooled my interest; ended up getting it on sale, and boy am I glad I gave it a shot.This is one of the most beautiful games I've played this generation.The story was above average and had one of the biggest mind ♥♥♥♥s I've ever seen in a game, I think that one sequence would make the whole game worthwhile for most.The combat was well done, but very much a copy of Batman, the custom combo system was interesting; you have to use the combos to survive and do well in combat which is something I think is lacking in a lot of these third person action games. Pulling off a 8 hit combo because you have to or you'd die is pretty awesome when it works out, luckily it mostly does in this game.I was having problems with crashing in the first few chapters, but after verifying the install through Steam, I had no more crashes, so I'm going to blame that on Steam.This game borrows a lot from other games but it does it all well and I think this is well worth playing."
,Recommended,228300,560753,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Scrappy Biscuit,Great Game! Fluid storyline! Unique perspective!
,Recommended,228300,7718287,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,This game is pretty cool.The story was realy well done.I liked the combat but it was sometimes hard to figure out where I was in a combo if I had to dodge out of it but that mught just be me sucking.I liked the enviromeants and tech looking stuff everywhere. (also robots)The memory remixes were fun.The free running and puzzles were meh.Get it on sale.
,Recommended,228300,3331105,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Lil'Scoot,Fist fighting Martial Art combat combined with stealth and some puzzle elements makes for a good action/adventure game with a story that makes you want to invest in it.Grab it as it's one of capcoms better produced story games.
,Recommended,228300,218661,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Muffins,"This is a very pretty, but deeply flawed game. I had fun, but be aware that this game has issues. Weak camera, poor writing, extremely linear and mediocre combat.Still enjoyable, but please wait for a sale."
,Recommended,228300,7317335,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Ravski,"Great game, Highly Underrated."
,Recommended,228300,1458871,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Vandeer,"Отличная игра. Есть некоторые проблемы с управлением и пару раз глюканули скрипты на открывание дверей.Но сюжет, атмосфера киберпанка, визуальный стиль, фича с переписыванием памяти! на высоте.советую всем любителям киберпанка в обязательном порядке!"
76561197983860328,Recommended,228300,12247640,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,enclave.MataDor,"One of those underrated games for sure.I was put off by low metascore and poor reviews. But finally bought the game on sale (let’s say by mistake ;))Had a lot of fun with the game. It’s an action adventure game with good story, grate graphics and good fights.I barely finish games nowadays, as I get bored easily, but this one kept me interested to the very end.Nice I haven’t miss it!  Recommended."
76561197994998075,Not Recommended,228300,17048142,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gorilca,"I really tried to like this game, but...pro: Interesting setting (Neo-Paris), Interesting protagonist, gorgeus vistas, interesting start of the story (I have completed 29 % of the game)con: F*ck this combat!! Controls (keyboard & mouse) feel sluggish and unresponsive (especially vertical camera control). In combat main protagonist interprets your direction and jump commands as suggestions apparently and jumps in her own desired directions or not at all usuallyinto harms way.I allmost quit at the Kid X-mas fight, but eventually fought through, and finnally lost all interest to play when you fight multiple invisible enemies mixed in with normal ones and you should be dodging invisible one's attacks in about 0,04 seconds while you are fighting someone else. No longer worth my time.The game had so much potentil with story, setting and protagonist, but combat has ruined it for me.p.s. I only did one memory remix and it too had very weird controls with circiling the mouse one way or the other."
76561198068471211,Recommended,228300,17050548,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,CrownClown,This game blew away all expectations I had for it. The plot line was brilliant and the gameplay was smooth. It is a true hidden gem.
76561198078220701,Not Recommended,228300,17055486,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mysterious Hobo,"Played this game for a few hours and found it a very boring game...the fighting was really repetative and difficult at some points and the story seemed to wander.I stopped playing it for a month or two and just decided to get back to playing it....but when I tried to launch it it would crash immediately and come up with a fatal error pop up.at that point i just said ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and uninstalled the gameI'm so done trying with this game, all its really been was frustation and boredomI'd say only get it if it was really cheap, like $2-$5, other than that, dont waste your money"
,Recommended,228300,17066547,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Freeman,"What a fabulous game! Maybe a little repeatitive in combat, but truly a treat to play and it held my interest  through and through! And boy, WHAT EXCELLENT ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK! I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,228300,17075109,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Pred,"How should I put this. The game was good! A little short and generic on some bits of mechanics, but good. The generic parts are mostly the linear level design and Tomb Raider style climbing but it doesn't take anything out of the game. The combat was fun due to it being basically a fast hack n slash but with fists. And especially with the combo system. You can create your own combos in the menu, which was just a brilliant idea, too bad most of its potential was left unused. If we get a sequal (which seems unlikely at the point), we should get a better system. There's also small puzzles that you encounter seldom, those that include 'memory remixes' in which you get to literally alter someone's memory with great detail. The music design was very nice because of the way it faded on and off combat, and the music itself was a fitting dramatic orchestra mixed with electronic synthesizers ""D blue glitching"" the orchestra now and then, making it sound pretty cool.The story was driving, and the setting was unique. 2080's France (or more specifically, 'Neo-Paris'), where the buying and selling of memories has become the biggest business since anything. But it has gone so big, that it has become a big part of society and culture. It's supposedly a utopia, but we get to see the darkest side of it right at the beginning, the horrifying consequences of having such power, to alter someone's memories. And what becomes of those who get themselves altered too much, or even completely being wiped out of any trace of a healthy human being.Cons:Too short.(I'm not exactly the kind of person that would pay 30€ for a 10 hour game with no replay value)Pros:Fun combat and other mechanics.Decent story and voice acting, interesting setting."
76561198093444445,Recommended,228300,17079178,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,=BRC=Dynames,"This is a gem of modern gaming that's underappreciated, its like a combination of uncharted and street fighter. It has a lot of parkour and the combat is fluid and easy to get the hang of. The graphics are amazing as well, all the great views of Neo Paris are absolutely breath taking. Capcom did good on this game, and this is coming from a person who's not a fan of capcom games. If you ever have the opportunity to pick this game up i heavily recommend it."
76561198128950336,Recommended,228300,17086066,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ShrubLord,The story is realy cool.  I love the world they created.  My only complaints were: it was very linear and combat became repetitive.  Other than that it was a great game and I highly recommend it.
76561197962238151,Recommended,228300,17307258,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,JazzCorner,absolutely fantastic game - I don't understand why it was not a commercial success... highly recommended!
76561198008692494,Recommended,228300,17313251,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dr. Sedula,"Remember Me is an excellent game with a few noticeable flaws which hold it back. For me, the positives far, far outweigh the negatives, and I thoroughly enjoyed the game as a whole. I hope the rumored sequel comes to pass one day.Perhaps the games most obvious strength of the game is it's visual design. Not only does the world of near-future France look gorgeous, it also looks _different_ from all the other near-future games out there.It's a new way to show a near-future world; a way which eschews most of the usual overused visual tropes one sees in movies and games. Even when familiar elements are used, they look different than we're used to seeing. The novelty is both refreshing and admirable.The voice-acting (at least in the English version) is also impressive. The actress who voices your character, Nilin, is subtle and nuanced in her delivery, and so are most of the rest of the voice cast -- so much so, that the poorer exceptions stand out like a black bear in the Arctic. (a couple of the lesser villains indulge in some truly Shatner-esque scene-chewing, unfortunately).One of the game's flaws, however, is that you are introduced to this intriguing world, but you are very much playing a character (Nilin) who is following a pre-determined plot path, like a character in a novel.The design makes you want to roam through, and interact with, this beautiful and detailed Neo Paris, but this is not an open-world game, alas. While the game is not oppressively ""on rails"", you do feel at times as if you're riding a tour bus through Disneyland, and no one will allow you to get out and ride the rides.Similarly, the ""memory-remixing"" ability -- much touted before Remember Me's release -- is effectively just a mini-game where you splice a very few characters' memories to conform to the needs of the story. There is no classic Bioware sense of creating and choosing new plot possibilities; instead, it's a simple guessing game -- order these elements to achieve result X.This is the recurring main flaw of Remember Me -- game elements promise to be engaging, but turn out to be less than what they might have been.So it is with the combat, as well. You're told that you can create and customize your own fighting combos using button-presses (called ""Pressens"" by the game), and you can, but ...... the fights can be very intense and swarmy in Remember Me. I found, especially in the early game, that I could rarely get out more than a three-hit combo out (your shortest combo template) before some minion poked or jostled me, breaking my combo.Even with dodging and evasion, I often found the mayhem level high enough that getting off a five-pressen combo was an achievement.Still, the fighting is reminiscent of the Batman: Arkham games, and can be visceral and thrilling once you get the hang of it.For those playing on PC (i.e. all of you) I would definitely recommend playing Remember Me with a USB controller hooked to your PC. Unless you're a virtuoso of the mouse and keyboard, the fast-paced battles in Remember Me may prove frustrating that way.Speaking of frustrating, while you can re-slot your combos at will, I dscovered that if you re-slot during a battle and die, when you re-spawn, your combos will be re-set to what they were before you started the fight. It can be very annoying during tough battles.Also, some of the fights expect you to intuit how to beat certain enemies. Be prepared to check out Let's Plays on YouTube to get you through your inevitable stuck spots. I never found the game cruelly unfair, but chances are, you will run into at least one combat (or puzzle) which simply leaves you baffled.These are the kinds of design flaws which keep Remember Me from being all it could have been, but it's still a fresh and engaging experience -- it's more than I ever expected it could be.If you're interested, definitely give Remember Me a try -- despite its flaws, it's put developer Dontnod on my list of dev houses to watch."
,Recommended,228300,17270610,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Tooth Fairy,"A beautiful game, with an immersive plot, and a strong female lead. The voice acting done in multiple languages was fun to play around with too; a very talented crew. I tend to be a very lazy gamer, but Remember Me's story drew me in enough to play until the end, and then hunger for more. I hope to see more games like this in the future."
,Not Recommended,228300,17106561,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Monky,"Design (clothing, architecture) was great and the game looked good at times. Sadly though the good points stop here. In general the game looks average and plays bad. Smashing enemies was more like a chore than satisfaction, difficiulty quickly turned into frustration and in the second half of the game I just wanted it to end. Story is average at best with a good amount of plot holes, platforming is too simple and restricted, replayability is low."
,Not Recommended,228300,17069706,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dumpster Slut,"Amazing settinggood graphicsok storyterrible, absolutely dreadfull gameplay"
,Recommended,228300,15395945,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,PEldritch,I went to God just to seeAnd I was looking at meSaw heaven and hell were liesWhen I'm God everyone dies
,Recommended,228300,2950324,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,rose's fiesta party on the house,"Beautiful scenery, colours, and soundtrack combine to back up a truly stellar and uniquely sci-fi story. Controls, particularly their original combo system, feel clunky at first, but eventually come to feel totally natural in a short time. If you're a fan of dystopian fiction, cyber punk, or beat-em-up and parkour-genre games, you will love Remember Me."
76561198047455977,Recommended,228300,16732504,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,smokeinmyeyes2,"First half of the game is amazing.  2nd half really starts to drag with major pacing problems.  Graphics look awesome, even for a game from 2013"
76561198026485396,Recommended,228300,16741418,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,giant enemy crab god,"Mediochre game, phenomenal movie."
76561198119360510,Recommended,228300,16774962,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,hitzchicky,"I'm almost finished with only the final boss fight remaining, so I feel fairly comfortable giving my review.TL;DR - Would recommend, also would recommend using a controller over a keyboard/mouseThe game has great graphics and the story line is interesting and engaging. The details are given to you in bits and pieces which can feel frustrating, but also compels you to keep going. It's no final fantasy, but it still merits a job well done. It's also not a very long game. You could probably knock it out in a weekend if you wanted to. Less than 20 hours of gameplay.The combat system is interesting to a certain degree. I played this on a mouse and keyboard and would highly recommend using a controller instead. While it's certainly feasible to do this on a computer, I found coordinating the combos with my mouse a challenge. I would either double click my button causing me to do a double punch or a double kick which would then mess up the timing for the combo to work.  You can organize the combos any way you want. The character only punches and kicks, but depending on how you set up your combo those punches and kicks can deliver high damage, health to yourself, or help with your special abilities. Also, when you learn something new, the game pauses to teach you it, which is good, but the studden stop in movement and music it was playing mid-battle is oddly disconcerting. Just threw me off each time. I could be weird though.At first I thought it was really fun to coordinate the special abilities to fight the more challenging enemies, but towards the end of the game it just got repetitive and boring. You'd coordinate your moves to get rid of the group of enemies only to be faced with yet another wave of enemies, and then another, and then another. Just waves upon waves of enemies. It was frustrating and demoralizing (ESPECIALLY the Mourning Leapers). I no longer felt engaged, I just felt like I was trying to stay alive. Maybe some people like that, but I didn't. Each boss fight requires you to finish them off with a certain combination of buttons, so make sure you're paying attention and you know which button does what, or you have to get the boss back down to 0 and try again.All in all I do recommend the game. I enjoy a linear game with a strong story line sometimes, rather than the typical sandbox RPG. I wanted to be directed and this game did that. There's a little bit of exploration so you can collect all the special items, but not a ton."
,Recommended,228300,16776800,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,laserchalk,"The game is pretty good overall. It's a linear action game where you have to fight your way through levels. The combat is enjoyable and gives you 5 special abilities to use on the enemies. The abilities have a cooldown on them. You can use them tactfully to make fighting enemies easier. There is also a system where you can customise your combos with enhancements that heal you, do damage and reduce the cooldown on your abilities. Once you have set up your combos the way you like it you don't really need to touch them after that. The enemies a varied and you can use your abilities in certain ways to kill them.There is a boss fight roughly once every level. The boss designs are ok and you need to use different tactics to defeat them but the annoying thing is that the game tells you how to do it. It never lets you figure it out on your own which takes some of the enjoyment away from you. I would imagine it's like having some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ watching you play over your shoulder telling you what to do. I also think the boss fights could have been improved by using your abilities to interact with the environment to defeat them. I think it was a lost opportunity that the game gives you the ability to move objects with your mind and it doesn't do a lot with it.The level design is linear and doesn't require a lot of thinking to get through. There is an arrow that constantly points you in the direction to go even if it is obvious. There isn't a lot of puzzle solving to traverse the levels and you open doors and push buttons for the sake of doing them. It's a shame they didn't do more with the level design because the abilities they give you to interact with the environment seem like they could make for some great puzzles. You can open locks and can control machinery with your mind.Where the game really shines is being able to remix someones memories. As a part of the story you need to alter peoples memories to alter the way they think. A cut scene plays out and you can then rewind time to change certain things in the memory. You need to alter the right things to achieve the goal. It is fun to alter something and be able to see the scene play out differently. The scene plays out differently depending on what you do. There is only about 4 of these memory remixes which is disappointing.The way the game lets you steal other peoples memories is also incorporated into other game mechanics where you can trace their steps through a level. There are some great parts where you retrieve a memory that gives you clues to a password but it is only in the form of a riddle. These parts where well done but there wasn't enough of it.So overall the game was good but there just wasn't enough of the things that made it good."
,Recommended,228300,16779368,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Cerberus,"Purely mechanically I think this game is very good, I enjoy the free-running and combat controls (even though this is obviously built for console). There are a few points where it is a bit glitchy but nothing ruinous.The world is creative and imaginative with some interesting ideas regarding society and technology, but also some that are terrible (like getting a prosthetic limb can ruin someones life, and that editing someone's memories will instantaneously change their ideas). The story is somewhat absurd in places and leaves an awful lot unexplained and a few loose ends. The story is also extremely linear, to the point where often you are given the ""choice"" of choosing to do something... or waiting forever. Purely illusion of choice.Owing to the lack of multiple paths and lack of genuine choices, this game has little in the way of replay value. The combat system also doesn't really allow for a lot of variety in how you build your fighting style, there's enough to make a single play worthwhile but not enough to bring me back for more. It is an enjoyable and creative one-time experience."
,Recommended,228300,16780871,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,9221145,"Gameplay could be better and in general little bit more non linearity, but story telling and environment/animations were great!!!If liearity but good story is what you would like, then this is a good game to play! :)"
,Recommended,228300,16667002,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,VampiressNite,Top notch concept and great gameplay! Love this game!
,Recommended,228300,16713529,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,cowll悲しい,An overlook game of it's time with a great sense of style and interesting story. The Combat is very tight and will keep you and the edge. The music compliments the gameplay and the settings. You play as Nilin who's memory has been stolen. She is really badass and the same time vulnerable.
76561198057540197,Recommended,228300,16718603,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MentokTheMindtaker,"Remember Meis a linear, third-person, sci-fi adventure game.It contains three main elements -  parkour-style navigation around various urban terrain; weapon-less combo-based melee combat; 4 memory remix mini-games.So, pros and cons!Pros:the world is well-constructed and thought-out; levels are immersiveI found the storyline to be engaging with a few mild surprises; includes collectibles that fill your journal out with in-game lorelevels are not overly-long, I never felt I was wasting my timeI really love the graphics, they are cyber-punk and wonderful to beholdthe sound and music is very immersiveI enjoyed the combat sections and felt they didn't drag on too long or halt level progress (apart from the fight with Kid Christmas)the combat system is creative and enjoyable, almost like a puzzle game, trying to pick the right moves for the most effective combosthe memory remixes are very enjoyablethe main protagonist is a female that is treated like a human being. In fact, all the females in the game have real purpose and are not just fluffCons:it's not a great port from console. I had to mess around with the config file to fix issues with the sound cutting out and I couldn't put the graphics as high as my system could handle without suffering serious screen tearingthe levels are quite linear, although there are secrets to findCliches! Oh the horrible cliches - both in the script and over-used tropesKid Christmas - poorly introduced boss with no purpose except for spewing cliches and creating a ho-hum boss fightthere are only four memory remixes in the entire gameOverall, a game worth playing to the end, and then some to get all the collectables.Remember Mewas good enough to convince me to take a look at the game Life is Strange by the same developers.I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys story-driven sci-fi action-adventure. There is a sore lack of them and Remember Me is worth a look.8/10(wow, there's a lot of hyphens in my review...)"
76561198162680554,Recommended,228300,16696902,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PaRaNoiaC,"***MIGHT-BE-SPOILER ALERT***The realization that you were the beginning and the end...The realization that you have been fighting yourself the whole time...Such beautiful story with such wonderful soundtracks, brought tears to my eyes...A great lesson, thanks DONTNOD Entertainment!""Adieu, Nilin... Remember you soon..."""
76561198041777129,Recommended,228300,16610045,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Wolfy217,Sometimes I had trouble remembering what the combos were
,Recommended,228300,16702383,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gatex1,"The combat in this game is solid, not super clean and precise like a fighter but very workable and reminiscent of Arkham City (I have not played the others so I can offer no comment there). The story is thought provoking and drives me to continue playing. I am nearing the end of the game, and may or may not update my review, but I want to make clear what an excellent title this is, I recommend it very highly. The storytelling is very real, this should be the new benchmark for engaging a player in another persons story, where in Spec Ops I chose not to continue past a brutality I was uncomfortable with, here I am driven to continue to know more despite what awful things might happen. If anyone reads this review I hope is makes clear that this is what art, storytelling, and reasonable game design can accomplish."
76561197994034242,Recommended,228300,16706452,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RedRodent,"I highly recommend this game. Without rambling: You'll find at first that the combat is uninteresting and simple, but as it goes on of course, it gets really cool. The visuals are gorgeous. Graphics wise and design wise it's amazing, and the level design is also very well done. Music matches up to things you do in combat. The story is phenomenal. The characters are interesting and complex.Slight ramble: I love how in this game you get to see into the main character's head, which I haven't seen in games very much, and you know why she's following orders, as opposed to feeling like she's just doing it blindly. The dialogue she has with herself is really cool. It's like reading a really good book and watching a really good movie at the same time. And it's a game! Yeah so. This one's awesome, don't miss it. I know it's Capcom, but yeah... It's great, seriously."
,Not Recommended,228300,16767121,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AzulAtômico,"The story is interesting, the visuals are great, it was a very promissing title.But the combat is very weak, awkard and complicated. The combo's interface is not intuitive. It spoils all the fun.If it had a better combat system Remember Me would be a really great game.The way it is, I just can't recommend it."
,Recommended,228300,16767251,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,69/113 All-Hero Challenge v7,yeah great game again... hardest difficulty really hard to play =D
,Recommended,228300,16949809,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Oates,Great single-player campaign and very pretty to look at
76561198117720401,Recommended,228300,17337566,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,meanapplepie,"A beautiful, highly under-rated cyber game that has one of the best video game storylines I've ever played. For anyone to lazy to read: BUY THIS GAMERemember Me takes place in the cyberpunk city of Neo-Paris and shows a wonderful disparity between the rich upper class with their robot servants, and tall shiny towers and the citizens of the slums leaving with the constant threat of mutant attacks. The world is fleshed out by journal entries one may find while exploring the game's mostly linear world, and these entries are fun to read and collect if you're into lore. If not, the game is pretty and has a simplistic but fun combat system.While the game came out in 2013 the graphics were bleeding edge back then, and despite a few low-res textures, Neo Paris is still beautiful to this day. There are some wonderful lighting effects, reflective water, cool rain effects, and just general eye candy.The protagonist is a young woman named Nilin who was imprisoned and has had her memories stolen. she manages to escape from the prison with the aid of a resistance fighter. She then joins the resistance, desperate to get her memories back, and begins fighting mutants and robots and big burly guards. The combat itself has a brawler type feel to it, similar to the Batman Arkham games, but with a greater focus on stringing together effective combos and a neat little touch that allows you to build your own combos. This combo system allows you to add different abilities to each button in a combo ranging from cooldowns to self heals to extra damage and more. This allows for a surprising amount of depth and strategy in an otherwise linear game with straight forward, sometimes repetitive combat. Later in the game the combat gets some extra little mix-ins and some more chaotic elements, which are all for the best. During my first playthrough i found myself constantly pausing and changing out different combo powers and experimenting to see what setup worked best in different situations.Going back to the story, though I can't say much without spoiling anything, Nilin's amnesia truly helps the player step into her shoes, as you are both learning about Neo-Paris at the same time. In addition to this and her general badass-ness, Nilin is a very well written female character (we have too few of those in gaming) who is not only strong and willing to fight for what she blieves in, but also has vulnerabilities, guilt, and doubts as to whether or not she is doing the right thing. This makes her feel like a real human being you actually care about, as she's not just some guy with brown hair and stubble gunning down waves of baddies. She is also a well dressed character, dressed for the situations and fights she gets into, not to look sexy (don't worry though, she has the butt of a professional jeans model), and every character in the game (except a few villains) treat her with the respect she deserves. Later on, this story reveals how major villains and characters shaped her into the woman she is today, and these scenes still blow me away to this day.A fun part of the game is the memory remixes you get to do several times in the story. These are puzzles in which you break into someone's mind and try to change a memory to affect how they'll act, example: making a guy think he killed his girlfriend will cause him to commit suicide. These puzzles are brilliant and way too sparse, but also rather challenging at first. In essence you watch the memory like a cutscene and then you can rewind and look for ""memory glitches,"" these glitches allow you to interact with the memory and change things minutely, add up the changes, and something entirely different can happen. It's a very fun experiment in gameplay that the developers actually carried on to their next game, Life is Strange (an even better game than this), with a time travel mechanic instead of cyberpunk memory remixing.All in all, despite the linear level design, slightly repetitive combat (saved by the fun combo system and fun enemy types introduced later), Remember Me is a game I'll always remember. It is fun, intelligent, fast-paced, and actually rather believable unlike a lot of cyberpunk games I've played. The story is incredible as well, full of twists and turns and mind-bending surprises. I'm not 100% sure if I could recommend this game at full price, but if it is on sale it should be a no brainer to pick it up."
,Recommended,228300,17346124,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AndMarsh,Incredible story and gameplay. Highly recommend this game to anyone.
76561198219761968,Recommended,228300,16416268,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Adrawn,住在巴黎的同学，应该可以感受到这款游戏的场景还是挺像巴黎的。。。尽管游戏里的是2084年的巴黎steam给65分 我其实挺不服气故事吸引 以“记忆”作为整个游戏的关键词 非常有创意 篡改他人记忆的这个设定 更是非常非常有创意只不过。。。作为一个动作游戏而言 这款游戏的打斗 哪怕是最简单模式 都得整天闪避闪避 一套连技往往要两三次才能完整打出来大部分场景都是攀爬着过去的 拜托至少偶尔也来点跑酷嘛 天。。。偷懒。。。还有一个非常偷懒的地方 就是boss战打到最后 往往变成靠反应按键的简单操作 人家boss会格挡 根本不吃你连击 那请问boss战中没有用的连技有什么存在的意义吗打完一堆人之后 并没有让人有成就感 更多的只是觉得“哎终于打完了 烦死了”画面就算调到最低 也是不错的 可惜操作的时候 视角却很拧巴 总感觉连转个向都很辛苦还是应验了那句话“Ubisoft的游戏往往比宣传片来得差劲不少”所以 对剧情和创意比较感兴趣的同学 可以入手 正好现在打折 这款游戏 我给72到77 对不起真心上不了80
76561198056771241,Recommended,228300,17356033,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,OG ThermalDevil,"Decent game. decent port. 6.5/10. Story was pretty good hope that if capcom does let the sequel get into development, that the players would be able to explore the world of nilin even more so. Or they can end up doing a ""mirrors edge"" where we dont get a sequal instead get an origins story of how nilin got into being a memory hunter. The story in game currently touches some of this but does not fully give in detail. IF the sequal is in works then for sure please make the world more open. Other than that Intresting game."
,Not Recommended,228300,17288995,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Tundra,"A repetitive, linear, unexciting game. The idea and premise is interesting, but it's poorly executed with boring repetitive gameplay, and an unengaging story. Characters in the game don't have much of an impact to you as a player, making little to no contribution to any storytelling. Boss fights aren't challenging.The only plusses are the visuals, which look nice and the art direction is ok, even if everything seems a bit bland.Wouldn't recommend it."
76561197971553733,Recommended,228300,17224970,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,pop255,"Makes you wonder how will social networks harm our daily lives even more, fun combo system."
,Recommended,228300,17227186,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pujols.heh,Good game. A bit underrated.
76561198032206338,Not Recommended,228300,17226022,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tom,"Summary: Beautiful artwork wasted on a mediocre story and bad game play.Positive:+ Futuristic Artwork. You can make beautiful screenshots. It's a bit a shame to have such talented art people and then put everything in such a bad game play.+ Story: It is interesting. Later on it is a bit questionable, the whole reason for the story is on a shaky ground (changing humanity because mami lost a limb).+ Mixing Thoughts: While an interesting idea it get's also tedious to solve this kind of riddles. Mixing thoughts would lead to ambiguities in real world, E.g. the story with Olga doesn't IMO make sense (she should get money for killing someone, I assume her principal would have asked her why she failed). Imagine a game were all the possibilities would lead to a another ending. I fail to understand why game designers almost never incorporate some choice which have consequences which are only seen later. Normally you see the consequence immediately and if you're not happy you just reload (which could be so easily avoided with the idea mentioned). But in this game you have no choices. So no worries to miss anything.- Extremely Linear. There are no options in almost any aspect of this game (just how to choose your combos). Level design is very linear and it is basically: now press this, now press that. Fights are only at predefined locations. If you see a ledge which you could use at your advantage, forget it. You can only climb things foreseen by the designer. Sometime you can jump on a simple container, most often you cannot.- Keyboard Support: The first boss is trivial, but I had to go through the finishing scene 4 times until I realized what the icons to finally finish him means. I'm not sure if this is a console port, but it definitely looks like one.- Simplistic Characters: Most protagonist, beside Nilin, are uninteresting.- Climbing: At first interesting, but get's very tedious and just: follow the yellow markers... and only the markers. Every wrong jump ends in death (thanks to zillions of save points it doesn't matter)."
,Recommended,228300,16976594,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Squishysworld,"This game is like a mix of mirrors ede, assasin's creed and The Last of us all in one and it looks amazing. PLAY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Not Recommended,228300,17495614,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,lopert-,"I really wanted to like this game.The environments look beautiful, and beg to be explored. I particularly liked the ""memories that were left behind"" that pointed to pickups. However, all the work that was put into creating a really captivating world is not enough to overshadow how stale moving across it feels. I've never had a problem with non-open (linear) worlds, but this game felt like a corridor. There is only ever one path to get from point A to B, and the parkour / wall scaling movement is very stiff and chunky. The best way I can describe moving towards the next objective is ""tedious"", and I was always looking forward to when I would be interrupted by a cut-scene. That being said, even the story felt like it was on rails, with multiple opportunities being presented where you were led to believe you might get to make a meaningful choice, but ultimately the game will always steer you towards, and wait for you to push the right buttons to keep you on track. I would have loved to be able to decide to not remix some characters, or to have a few possible results, however insignificant, but no such luck.Combat felt promising, but ultimately didn't deliver. The pressen combo system seemed interesting, but I didn't seem to have enough pressen to actually use all (4) combos? This led to me filling up two (and later 3) combos, a short combo that refreshed cooldowns that I would basically spam due to a lack of alternatives, and a longer 8-hitter (to get dat sweet combo bonus XP) that I never used since any hit taken will interrupt the chain, and fights are mostly comprised of swarms of weak enemies that surround you. The focused based abilities were cool but not always super useful (with even the lower tier enemies becoming immune to some of them later on).The most interesting part of the game to me were the remixes. Although mechanically very simple, it was fun to explore all the different paths you could take through someone's memory by altering subtle things. The first remix you complete really gives you a feeling of ""wow, this is some pretty crazy stuff"", as the result leads to a completely different interaction with the remixed character. I think the game missed the boat by not making these sequences, and the associated moral questions (""Is it right to re-write someone?"") the main focus of the game.Overall, I feel Remember Me is a game that got caught up in trying to be to many things at once. The resulting gameplay is sub-par to mediocre at best, with an accompanying story that feels cliché and is filled with characters that you'll be left wondering if you should have remembered (haha get it?). If you stripped away the bland combat, the tedious ""parkour"" map traversal and focused on the story, it could have been a solid adventure game."
76561197999088229,Recommended,228300,18032253,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kageshi,"Story: 9/10It has a very interesting feel to it and very unique. only problem the linear feel for a game that could of been wonderful with a muiltiple choice in paths, being that altering memories is what this games main focus is.Gameplay: 5/10got stuck a couple times, and after playing on the hardest mode, i felt like the whole game was a tutorial with pop ups that i had to wait or couldnt find a way to disable. paths only have 1 route and when you want to explore for the collectibles, they are not even 20 feet from where the hint is. very hand holding.Sound: 9.8/10I love the theme of the music as it gets glitchy and matches the fights very nicely, Only issue is the sudden drop of ALL audio 2% of the time. which does start back up.Visuals: 11/10DAMN. I spend more time walking in the game then running. Not because the game forces, but because i want to take in all of that detail. Only problem was Most of the game blocks off some exploration so looking at every bit of distances and detail was limited because i had to get on with the story.Overall: 8/10I wouldnt buy it at base price, but the game has alot of love in it, the only problem is the handhold got out of hand it felt more like make or break. would reccommend, just watch out for the non spoiler detail i listed above."
76561198033810755,Recommended,228300,17993436,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,The Pistol Mage,"Remember Me is a great game with an awesome story. Admittedly sometimes hunting for those little upgrades to your abilities feels more tedious for how easy it is than helpful, but in the end thats my only gripe about the game. Ultimately the game has one minor Con but many amazing and wonderful Pros.If you love a game for its story, Remember Me is a story worth remembering, and one I'm sure I'll never forget.However if you prefer a game for its gameplay itself and lack a desire for any story, then the game may not wow you as it has me. With combat similar to the Arkham series with splashes of Spiderman-esque combo's thrown in, the combat is not revolutionary but will in fact be great to try on your way through this adventure.I give this game my rating of: Finish It"
76561197974148252,Recommended,228300,17886215,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,IShakeBabiesLikeSaltDispensers,"Remember Me is an underrated game.  One professional review knocked on it for its ""formulaic combat"", which I actually enjoy.  The gameplay itself is a very pleasant mix with nostalgic touches to it.  It reminds me of a Perfect Dark coupling with Assassin's Creed.  The storyline and protagonist give me fond memories of Joanna Dark, and the setting somewhat reminds me of the orignal N64 Perfect Dark.  The combat system, occasional puzzles, and style of climbing all over the place are close-to-home with Assassin's Creed.The game is a little rough around the edges on the tutorials (they are a bit lacking), but I actually enjoy its linear play style.  This game isn't intended to be open-ended or exploratory.  You're playing primarily for the storyline, which is enough to keep me hooked.Summary:If you're looking for a game that plays like an interactive movie that has strong influences from Metal Gear boss fights, Assassin's Creed combat, and a protagonist resembling Joanna Dark from the Perfect Dark series, you'll likely love this game.  I do recommend it, and it's rare to find a linear single-player game these days that is good.  This game is one of them."
,Recommended,228300,17884774,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Krünchy Zeirus,Extremely beautiful to look at and also a lot of fun to play!
76561198025373245,Recommended,228300,17905925,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,majones27,"The game was a lot of fun. Some times the controls can be troublesome to get used to, but it was fun. The story was interesting, and the setting was an interesting dystopia.I highly recommend this game."
76561198010635205,Recommended,228300,17934569,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Vin Diesel,"Messing with your MemoryThe game is set in a near future of Neo Paris. You play as Nilin, a memory hunter someone who can modify memory be it remove, replace or add. The story is very interesting and the most of the gameplay is very good. The World is very nice to look at but some of the levels might feel a bit linear to travel in.The fighting mechanics of the game are cool in the fact that you can Customize your combo's.The combo pattern is preset (I.e kick vs punch) but the effects can be adjusted to the situation.(Red) Damage Moves(Yellow) Healing Moves(Purple) Special Ability Cooldown Moves(Blue) Enhanced effect MovesMy main grudge on this game is the memory mixing. This is the part of the game where your supposed to see how Nilin can ""hack"" peoples memory's is the part with the more annoying controls. If using the mouse and keyboard on the PC, the rewind controls are to have your mouse go in circles counter clock wise. This might look cool at first but gets long if you want to find all the secrets available. You must also find the ""Pause"" buttons so as to effectively change the memory's. If not you will miss the opportunity to select some of the events in the memory.ProsCool StoryNice World to play inGood fighting systemConsMemory mixing controls are not the bestShort game in general (under 15hours)Thought the game is on the short side if it pops up onSpecial, its one game your surely going to like."
76561198038136284,Recommended,228300,17977474,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Griffin1624,"Fantastic game, some say it is to short but I loved the content. Fights can get semi repititive but I fixed that by constantly changing my combo sequence. Loved the story and would recomend to any of my friends looking for a good story based RPG."
76561198014677902,Recommended,228300,17953006,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DigitAU,"Tl;dr - Amazing game allround but doesn't excel at anyone thing.I bought this game on sale cause looked slightly interesting but it took me totally by surprise. It is amazingly beautiful with a rich story and world with great potential for a sequel. Highly recommended!The game's fundamental mechanics are solid and and constantly evolving. This game has the potential to be an amazing series! If properly done, the sequel could be Mass-effect-2 level good.Pro:- fantastic concept that is well thought out- Solid combat system- Memory ""remix"" is really cool!- Good length episodic chapters- Beautiful art work- Love Nilin!Cons:- Combat systems stops evolving halfway through the game- Only 4 Memory mixes in the whole game- Memory mix UI can get a bit annoying to use- Puzzle missions could be more challenging- QTE (only small so forgivable)"
,Recommended,228300,17979780,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ness199X,"Pros:-Story is interesting, if a bit cliche in areas-Level design is inventive-Music is memorable-Intro sequence is awesomeNeutral:-Voice acting isn't terrible or great, just kind of mediocreCons:-The combat system is frustrating, and the game would have been a lot more fun with a more traditional 3rd-person melee combat system.-Leans on poorly compressed pre-rendered cutscenes a bit much-The Game can't quite decide what its moral is supposed to be, and the 'Twist' feels a little forcedFinal Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,228300,16873276,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,andrucho2000,"This is a good game with unfilled potential.  Game Lenght about (12 hours)THE GAMEThe game is a fighting game with a linear story. Most of the game is basically jumping and moving around to the next destination.  From time to time the player will get attacked by enemies and will forced to fight in an enclosed area. When the player is attacked she can use combos, that are somewhat customizable, and special abilities to win the battle. Both the fighting and platforming sections are easy and rarely provide a challenge. Additionally, the game also throws in some puzzles and a remixing memory mini-game.PROS-	Graphics /  level Design : The city known as NEO- Paris is stunningly beautiful and well designed-	Story: The story is somewhat interesting. However, I do feel that it left a lot of plot holes by the end of the game.-	Gameplay: Different enemy variations and a somewhat good combo mechanic make each fighting section enjoyable.-	Audio: The best part of the game is the music.Cons-	Action / Character development: Most of the characters in the game with the exception of the main character are not well developed.  Also, the voice acting of most of the characters could have been a little better. However, the acting is not too bad.-	Customization system:  The player can only customize what each hit, button press, of the combo does. Everything else is already determined.-	No exploration: There is no exploration what so ever. You have one route to follow and that is it.RATING7.5/10"
76561198025318503,Recommended,228300,16874518,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,VegaTron,"A nice cyberpunk game set on the premise of ""what happens to society when truth (memory) is a commodity"". Nice gameplay, with some parkour elements, simple combat mechanics and a good story."
76561198036004463,Recommended,228300,16855483,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,deefunkt,"The game is so underrated. I agree that the combat is a bit repetitive, but no worse than some other games I've played which have received great reviews, like god of war. The story is the driving force for the game, and is compelling and well crafted. The social commentaries the game makes about our hyperconnected world today and the stunning artwork more than allow you to be immersed in the world.If you are the type of gamer (like me) who is a bit of an escapist, then this game allows you to enter its world with ease. Look not here if you are the type of gamer who likes to mindlessly pursue (and enjoy) gameplay like COD provides.Would I pay $30 for the game? probably not, but not because the game doesnt deserve it, but because I am cheap. I picked this one up on a steam special for $9.99 and it was more than worth it."
76561197970223624,Recommended,228300,16856165,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,z3rokarma,"DONTNOD's Neo-Paris runs the Cyberpunk gamut with glittering spires of chrome, plastic and steel all the way down to the neon-lit murk of a shanty-town underworld. While the levels themselves are linear in design, they're coherent, and the overall atmosphere somehow seems convincingly French.Core mechanics like combat and platforming are solidly serviceable, rather than standout, and while the memory-remix mechanic is brilliantly original it's also sadly underused.  It's the world, and the interesting story running through it that are the stars - although protagonist Nilin is not without character herself.  Worth checking out!"
76561198028675795,Recommended,228300,16857033,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Me5h0k,"I want to take a moment to thank whoever was in charge of designing the levels, the graphics are amazing even for dx9.The choice of colors in each enviorment really makes the scene come to life, and the futuristic design is just superb.Also the gameplay is nice, although abit limited for my taste."
76561197992359446,Not Recommended,228300,17454486,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,soitgoes,"Like most Capcom games this game is a giant pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously save your money. I never thought a late stage boss fight could ruin an entire game for me, but this game manages. Controls respond poorly and are timed too late so you will try to dodge and it will only dodge sometimes. Normal gameplay is monotonous at best. The only positive things I have to say about this game are that the plot is intriguing and it's pretty."
76561198091173019,Recommended,228300,17461245,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,cyuut,"Positives: Very beautiful. Amazing vistas. Artwork here is breathtaking. Cyberpunk universe is great*. The general idea is sound, some of the game play elements are good. Couple of good bosses. Memory twisting is cool.Negatives: *although the universe is lovely to look at and very lovingly created, the world lacks depth. You often find yourself wanting to wander the streets, explore, talk, buy, etc. You cannot do any of this. A massive shame. Combat is pretty unenjoyable. You feel weak all the time. Limited number of combos. Boring and predictable gameplay.Overall: You have to force yourself at times to get passed the inconsistent gameplay. If you do, take your time to stop and enjoy the scenary as this is, to me, the best part of the game. If only this was an open world game, it could literally be one of the best."
76561197971590519,Not Recommended,228300,17461416,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thimble,
76561198065867547,Recommended,228300,17697438,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,DeN_DarK,"Pretty nice game. It resemble something between Batman and Deus Ex. From Deus Ex in game a cyberpunk atmosphere, from Batman - fight system. Plot is pretty good (but linear). Not so much characters in game but all of them unique and in their place.Fight system deserve another few words. With 2 mouse buttons in special succession you can make combos from 4 type of hits. Plus after each hit you accumulate some focus for special attack. Some enemies can be hit only one type of hit or with special attack, some with the other. If you fight with few types of enemies fight can be pretty interesting. Each episode ends with special boss type. Every boss needs some other tactics. If you have expirience - play this game on max difficulty. It is really fun that way!Summary:Game is not very long, but not short either. It have good plot and characters, interesting fights and not cost very much. Definitly worth it!"
,Recommended,228300,17605737,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Jboll3,"Interesting title, I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,228300,15272592,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Benny Banana Bread,"Innovative, creative, fps, kinda game. Hack memories and fight to the death. Good mechanics and storyline. Just beat the game. So much fun. I bought the game on sale <= $10 and I had a blast.I highly recommend. I enjoyed the story and gameplay. If you're looking for an fps like Borderands; this is not it. But if you want unique, amazing, interesting, hack memories kind of game, then this is it."
,Recommended,228300,17482499,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"Set in the future where players navigate streets of Neo-Paris, with the problem with amnesia, you play as Nilin who regains here memories and her pasts. From manipulating others and using combo attacks, to Assasin's Creed alike navigations, you face failed experiments to law enforcers.Although the design is unique, the texture pop-in from Unreal Engine 3 may lose some gaming experience."
,Recommended,228300,17465191,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Xie,Awesome game.Make sure you switch the audio to French.Don't turn on subtitles.Just figure it out.
76561198117293955,Recommended,228300,17477853,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Irythil,"I really enjoyed playing Remember Me. It's a beatiful game and got a bit of everything: Good story, Great characters, puzzles, platforming, a big combat system that allows you to customize combos. the atmospheric environment is realy awesome and it pulls you right in the game with no escape from it. The concept of the story about lost memory's is creative and the element are putted great into the game, it's balanced between all the different elements, because there are so many things. Maybe a little bit to much of quick time events, but who cares? Its an amazing gaming experience and i really liked playing it. I think this game is become my favorite game."
76561197994685096,Recommended,228300,16567936,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ddthedragon,"Visually this game is absolutely stunning. I was amazed by the amount of detail that they put into the city of neo-paris. The story and concept of this game is very fresh, intriguing and actually pretty cool. However the memory remixing was something that was not used nearly enough as that was one of the better and fun parts of this game. The only gripe is that the fighting mechanics are very repetitive even with the ability to change up the combos and that the world is not nearly open enough. I would recommed this game especially if you like games like mirrors edge. Overall an impressive story and visuals."
76561198004780128,Recommended,228300,16572923,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,archeraj2,"games has good story to it. it 's fun. the memory twisting thing gets a little slow, but there not all too bad"
,Recommended,228300,16563580,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Finger Guy,"While I currently only have roughly 3 hours in on this game, it's fun and has an incredible story behind it. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys both."
76561198043734059,Recommended,228300,16585256,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Etsuya,"Remember Me has been on my wishlist for quite a while and it certainly does not dissapoint. The visuals and levels are gorgeous and even on the easiest level it is so darn hard to collect everything there is to collect. The game is also very storydriven, something I can definately appreciate.The gameplay reminds me a lot of the latest Tomb Raider as you need to crawl on pipes and jump your way from rig to rig to get through certain areas. The combat system is lots of fun: you unlock more and more moves during the your playthrough and make your own combos. But the part were Remember Me really shines is its story and characters.I was really pleased about some of the character design choices, such as Nilin being of mixed heritage as well as being a strong, female protagonist.All in all I really enjoyed this game and will possibly replay it in the future to explore other options I might've missed."
,Recommended,228300,16523249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Blank Treviz,"This game is awesome...Its so fluent and captivating... everything is prety well done.I would consider this a must buy for anyone that likes Action Packed Sci-Fi games.Its totaly worth the 10Euros :)Pros:Good GraphicsFluentCaptivating StoryAwesome UIVery easy learning curveCons:Camera Angle sometimes gets prety anoying (when ur climbing for example).Mediogre MusicI cant say to much without spoiling the story, u play with memories like an Animus but small and used as a weapon, :) but i can tell u this if ur into sci-fi, action games u wont be disapointed.Graphics: 8/10Story: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Audio: 9/10Overall: 8.75/10"
76561198057711501,Recommended,228300,16543630,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Batman's Uterus,"This game came as a big surprise for me as I was skeptical about it, and now I realize it for the diamond in the rough that it is. For being 2 years old, the game is gorgeous, the combat feels fluid and has combat similar to the Batman Arkham series, but adds strategy as different moves have different affects, as well as where you place them in a combo. I have not beaten it yet, but so far the story has me intrigued, it moves a bit slow at parts, but manages to pick up the pace whenever it begins to slow down. The definite highlight is at the end of each chapter they have a big boss battle, which are always my favorite as some of them prove to be challenging but not overly dfficult to make me want to quit and not pick it up again. Overall, I would give the game a solid 8.5/10, but it on sale as I did and it will be MORE THAN WORTH your money."
,Recommended,228300,16547904,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,anarchy,"It's enjoyable, it looks really incredible, the music is nice and the story is very deep, however the combat feels really awkward at times and while you can ""build your own combos"" you only get to change the effects of the hits (+ damage, healing, lowering cooldowns) it's not as custom as it sounds. Also the whole game feels really pretentious, it cant just have well defined terms like hp or xp, it has to set up 50 of its own terms to the point where it takes ages to even know what the game is talking about, and some of the characters are just cringe worthy, making you groan every time they say lame lines like ""remember you later.""It's worth it on sale, but not as flawless as the diehards make it seem."
,Recommended,228300,16488547,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,vsd5000,AWESOME GAME it has a good story line which i thought i wasn't going to have and it had an interesting battle system so overall 10/10
76561198019058105,Recommended,228300,16884081,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,GRockCity,"Brilliant little game, however could have been so much more.Posatives:Great ComvateGood PlatformingGreat StoryEpic Music ScoreNagatives:Too LinerToo shortHope they make a sequel and yes if your wondering you should get it"
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,228300,16885925,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",NOT GOOD:uninspired combat that wears out its welcome quicklysimplistic platformingintrusive and annoying cameraobnoxious combat musicKINDA GOOD:interesting storyexciting premisegood music outside of combatprotagonist has nice♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,228300,16888916,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,-PEves-,"The game was better than I expected it to be up until I got to a boss that was too hard to actaully defeat. Then I had to stop playing all together because I couldn't progress. It was otherwise a great game. waste of money though in my opinion It should be $9.99 in all honesty if they are going to just throw a half game at me.I can't recommend this for the price. Maybe buy it when it goes on sale for 80% off.The game was fun to play and had likeable characters and a decent story, in a steampunk sort of setting, but being restricted from playing the game due to a boss being too extreme to pass is going to reduce my rating for this game by a lot. It drive me nuts starting into a game I can't finish. The game is overpriced for what it is as well. it should be 15 dollars at the very most. The devs have a bit too much pride in this pricing it as high as they have.Rating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,16687981,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,no purpose,Good:- Great story- Great characters- Beautiful sceneryBad:- Repetitive and frustrating combat- Wonky camera anglesI wouldn't recommend playing this yourself. Save your money and watch a playthrough on YouTube.
76561198116196531,Recommended,228300,17890858,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Apple Inc.,nice game
,Recommended,228300,17922982,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Stormshado,"A great 10 hour single-player story.If you enjoyed Deux Ex, Assassins Creed (modern-day single-player sections) and Portal games, you'll enjoy this.No openworld and no 100+ weapon choices may feel like you're railroaded and just along for the ride, but at least it's an interesting one."
76561197992128106,Recommended,228300,16510609,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JoieJackters,"This game is overall very good, but it has some flaws.Story itself is interesting and has some good plot twists. It is told through cut-scenes, and dialogs and monologs while you walk/run/parkour around areas. Characters are well done as well. The setting of the game is spectacular. Neo-Paris is just beautiful and every area is gorgeous and unique. I have played at max settings and every corner of the game was just amazing. After many games I finally felt that it was actual a city with people living in it instead of just place for hero to beat the bad guys. Music was fitting and well executed, especially when you walked into a place where you could see Neo-Paris in its glory, then special music started playing and you just had to enjoy that view.As for the gameplay, for myself it was not the best, but still very enjoyable. Fighting was not easy and you had to pay attention or your health went down quickly. Unfortunately camera was mediocre at best. Sometimes it would be doing exact opposite of what you would have wanted. Fighting could get a bit repetetive even though you can make your own combos, but that basically just change whether you hit opponent harder or you heal yourself or make cooldowns faster. But I did enjoy boss fights which were each different and challenging. They are QTE in the end sequences, i like those, but some might not feel the same. But especially in later stages of the game I was almost forced to run around and just dodge enemies because attacking them would be the end of me.Your character throughout the game unlock special abilites that you can use in combat to gain an advantage. Every ability is different and gives you the edge in some area of combat. You also unlock abilities outside of combat to help you get around the enviroment. Parkour and freerunning is done really well. Always jumped where I wanted to and it was easy and intuitive to use.There are also some riddles to get your brain going. Some are easy some are a bit difficult.But the best part of the game was pretending to be a DJ :D Remixing memories is a cool ability that allows you to change memory of your victim. You tinker with little things, and people and enviroment reacts accordingly, rendering new outcomes. You must ultimately accomplish what game asks you to, but you can get different results while remixing and get even achievements for doing so. If you ""mess"" up, you just rewind and change some things again and new possibility awaits! Great feature, but unfortunately there are only couple of them :(To summarize my experience: It is a beautiful game with a good story and some great gameplay ideas, okay combat and sometimes annoying camera. It is about 8 hours long on normal difficulty.I would give it 8/10Remember you soon..."
,Recommended,228300,16511946,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Red dragon,"good game, i would play it again"
76561198201669855,Recommended,228300,16610089,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,stonefurry,"Remember Me is short but sweet. For the summer sale price, I totally recomend this game!"
,Recommended,228300,16611837,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Grimgold,"I'm going to skip the traditional pros and cons and cut straight to the chase. Remember me is a flawed game with it's heart in the right place, and I'd reccomend a play through if you can get it on special. The story was good, they resisted the urge to do a total recall, and nillin is a likeable character. Gameplay is a mixed bag, combat felt a tad stale, the parkour sections were more or less the same as ACII, and there were just pure fluff elements thrown in there as filler. The only thing I actively disliked were the quick time events, but I suppose it's a sign of the games age. Finally the feature everyone talks about, the custom combo's, are not as important as everyone makes it sound, nor really as custom. I won't go into details, but you don't cutomize what nillin does, but instead customize what the effect is when she does it."
,Recommended,228300,16614046,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Super,"Cyberpunk game that is kind of like a mix between Mirror's Edge and Deus Ex. Linear and pretty short story, nice graphics, good soundtrack and relatively fun combat."
,Recommended,228300,16494906,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Demonicbear,"Recommended1. Reminds me of Prince of Persia combined with Tomb Raider.2.Combat scenes are a little wonky but they work, as for the combat itself is very fluid.3.You can shoot people in the face...4.Has a good story5.You can literally mess with people's brains!10/10 would make my dad kill me again..."
,Not Recommended,228300,16501973,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Contralto,"Gorgeously rendered movie.  But that's all it apparently is, just a movie.  You do not control dialogue, there is only one path, and in some instances you can't even move your field of view to look at the pretty scenery.  The tutorial is overly extensive in some areas(you got a new pressence!  Let us tell you in EXHAUSTIVE detail AGAIN how to use it!), and non existent in others(you unlocked a new combo!  We're not going to tell you how to access it).And I wanted to like this game.  I REALLY wanted to like this game.  You will not get better graphics in this day and age, not in games OR Cinema.  The Art team deserves an award, seriously, the graphics blew my mind.  I bought this because nobody would invest this much into the art and leave the UI complete garbage.  Or...I THOUGHT nobody would, at least.This should have been released as a movie.  it has a solid, interesting plotline with, again, the most gorgeous rendering I have ever seen.  But this is not a game.  This is just a movie with the irritating aspect of having to constantly press buttons so that you can keep watching it."
,Recommended,228300,16633248,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,wexal,"Overall, good game. Fun to play, some challenge to be had, lots of interesting ideas. Visuals are amazing.Love the character of Nilin, and the interesting world. Would enjoy seeing Nilin again in an open world exploration type game w/ more memory remix sections.Only let down by game design elements (camera, some combat issues, inconsistent exploration limitations, etc), and towards the end, they kinda just throw baddies at you.Got it on sale, dont regret it at all. :)"
76561198061767798,Recommended,228300,16638128,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Fierceblue,"There isn't an incredible amount of interest or zeal in playing beyond beating the 9 missions, unless you are some type of completionist. It was a decent story, but above all I liked the combat system, even if it was somewhat tedious fighting some of the enemy types and some bosses. Oh, and I also didn't like the random QTEs. I would recommend this game, but not at full price."
,Recommended,228300,16639489,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jonkets,"I'm not going to trash this game because there are some very positive things that make it worth a play.  But if you on a budget, your $30cdn are best spent elsewhere.  I got it on the Steam summer sale so I feel I got my money's worth.My first and most important observation is a negative.  This game is a poorly executed console to PC port.  Although all the functions have been ported, doing the kind of precise actions that a PC gamers is used to is very difficult to accomplish.  Even during the less difficult actions, with mouse and keyboard you feel like you're been thrown around.  I ended up having my controller plugged in and switching to it whenever I needed to do something that required smooth movement.The second observation is what kept me playing though the rough spots caused my the poor port.  The graphics are exceptional.  I don't mean technically but rather in an esthetic, creative sense.  The characters are beautifully rendered and from the perspective of a hetersexual male the main character is impossible not to fall in love with. At times, the cut scene animations seem stiffled and cleche like some university experimental theatre group;  but otherwise, the atmosphere is engaging and immersive.Thirdly, the game is very linear.  Yes you can explore a small amount and look around at the beautiful cityscape.  But your ingame task is to follow the arrows conveniently flashing on the screen, kick some guards' behind, and perform some memory altering voodoo.  Then on to the next encounter. For people writing walkthroughs, this game should be an easy job.Fouth: the camera is locked to your perspective.  At times when you're hanging from a ledge a hundred meters in the air, you have to take a leap of faith that the next ledge is in the direction that you can't turn and look at.  This game desperately needs a keypress that unlocks the camera so you can get a look at you next move.Finally, (and this is neither positive or negative) this game is a modern rehash of ""The Prince of Persia - Sands of Time"".  You have the same kind of ledge hopping and wall scaling that you find in the old classic.  Where 'Prince' could turn back and alter time, ""Rember Me"" turns back and alters some one's memory.  That classic was a lot of fun in its time, but as I played ""Remember Me"" I couldn't avoid the feeling of 'been there, done that'.Despite all the negatives, this is not a thumbs down review.  I personally got tired after 7 hours.  But for those who are more comfortable with controller rather than mouse this game may be more enjoyable than it was for me.  And for anyone who hasn't played or wants to revisit the ""Prince of Persia"", this game will give you a lot of enjoyment."
,Recommended,228300,4094731,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Uncle Joe,This game is amazing. Beautiful world. Well composed music. Combat combos could have been better. It sucks that I can explore neo-paris and useless the camera angle. I WANT A SEQUEL!!!!!!!!
76561198006554739,Recommended,228300,14078834,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Acken,"Decent game.I'll make a short review there's not a ton to say really.-Gameplay: Combat is definetely the weakest point of the game. It's repetitive and rather uninteresting. Somewhat easy due to unlimited healing but rather boring due to very few options and just being about punching waves of ennemies. There are also parkour section which we won't remember. However the memory remixes are pretty cool. Sad there are very few of them.-The score is excellent and voice acting was both good in ENglish and French (I understand both)-The story and world design/atmosphere are definetely the selling points. The world even though if it's a lot of corridors like many games of the same type is beautifully directed and feels organic. A lot of effort was spent there and it shows. The story was cool, nothing fantastic but original enough and well thought out.-Game is around 8-10hours for a playthrough, in line with other games of that genre.A solid 3 stars out of 5 that I would recommend on a sale if you usually enjoy these 3rd person action games."
76561198019572384,Recommended,228300,14070696,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"I don't normally go for parkour-style games, but I really enjoyed this.  The environments were very well done, and the story was engaging.  Great voice-acting, and I actually felt the main characters emotions.  I won't go into why, because I don't want to spoil anything.I will say that the combat elements felt a bit wonky, at least for mouse/kb...definitely more suited to a controller setup.  And the boss-fights feel a bit overdone and out of place, much like those in the more recent deus ex game.  Fortunately, this doesn't detract too much from what I consider to be the better selling points of the game.Overally I definitely recommend this.On a more technical note, as I'm just learning the development process myself it was nice to see PBR in practice.  Gave me a much better idea of the overall environmental impact.  The skin could have been just a tad less glossy."
76561197979423052,Recommended,228300,13574156,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bombardier,"Beautiful environments (though this is far from an open world game), excellent character design, strong voice acting, an interesting fictional history and a halfway decent plot make ""Remember Me"" a fun (if very short) experience.Combat is a mixed bag, though very customizable.  Still, I found myself falling back on a limited set of moves that worked well for me.  The game ramps up the combat difficulty in a very measured way, introducing single opponents, then multiples of a given type, then multiples of several types at the same time to force you to adapt your tactics on the fly.  There are only a few boss fights, but they are pretty memorable.The memory re-mixing piece is a great idea, with awkward implementation and no fail state.  If you don't achieve the desired outcome, you just rewind and try again.  As a plot device, however, it's an excellent way to explain various character motivations, though there's no exploration of the ramification of your character's meddling in people's minds.  At least one character befriends you (or, at least, allies with you) because you completely altered his/her recollection of a sequence of past events.Bottom line: ""Remember Me"" has its issues, but it feels/plays like an experimental film, and it's worth your money (especially since it can now be had on the cheap) and your time.  I would have prefered more space to explore (though your limited exploration does yield rewards in the form of hidden items), and think a mash-up of this game with any of the ""Yakuza"" series would be pure genius: mostly open environments, lots of little details, lots of side activities to give the universe flavor, and a somewhat linear story that triggers only when you elect to hit those key events (a la ""Assassin's Creed"")."
,Recommended,228300,13574303,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Erudius,The concept of this game is amazing. There is actual story that is meaningful and plot driven. I really hope a sequel is made by the studio. I would love to follow Nilen on her next adventure.
,Recommended,228300,13594042,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BloodThirstyPr0,"This Game is just pure awesomness, The story and every aspect is just amazing. You get attached to the characters very fast and they look great. I would recommend this game to the people that like strategie and combat. If you are deciding on what difficulty to choose. My advice is to do the hardest one all the way like I did. It is challenging but if you can observe your surrounding and the enemis combat style you will master the game in no time."
76561198017417678,Not Recommended,228300,3099455,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,DAV,Pathetic clone of Bloodrayne. Don't buy it!
76561197979761455,Recommended,228300,13579429,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,thebearot,"Good graphics, creative world and nice storyline. I also like the puzzles encountered during the game. The last riddle however was a bit ridiculous. Overall the game is worth the price if you can grab it while on sale. Hate to see a creative game being underrated."
,Recommended,228300,1573217,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Dr. Dank,"If you are looking for a high concept single player action game with a focus on story then I highly recommend this game. The combat is an Arkham City style beat-em-up with a clever combo building system that let's you customize your fighting style. The aesthetics and art direction are beautiful and the plot is surprisingly compelling, basically Deus Ex meets Inception. This game got like no press at all so check it out if you are interested, I doubt you will be disappointed"
,Not Recommended,228300,15842139,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tigax,"The ""game"" doesn't play like a game, it's very linear and it's more of an interactive movie than anything.It's well done for an interactive movie, but there is no freedom, so it's not an enjoyable game.Even at the low cost of $6 I felt cheated."
,Not Recommended,228300,15844711,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Kalijawan(Kal),horrible mechanic.
,Recommended,228300,15845342,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,JackalHeadGod,"The good: Interesting memory editing mechanic, build your own attack combo idea, art design and setting, a component and interesting female protagonist (it's depressing this is worth mentioning, but its still quite rare)The bad: Memory mechanic is underused and the combat editor doesn't live up to it's potential, not does the storyConclusion: A decent to good game that could have been great with more time and a bigger budget.Recommendation: Buy it when it's on sale, but do buy it."
,Recommended,228300,15845875,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,[SPAM]Alcatraz,"seems to be abit like prince of persia. having alot of fun in the start, story seems to be very complex"
,Recommended,228300,16153255,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Isoruku,I wish I remembered what this game was about.
76561198011691047,Recommended,228300,2726107,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Val,"Futuristic dystopia with great atmosphere, when near-future technologies like augmented reality and memory manipulation come into life. Batman: Arkham City - like fights and gameplay. Very consolific, better to use xbox controller or any other with x360ce emulator. Pretty easy and casual, at least on normal difficulty. Definitely one of the signature games of 2013."
76561197998384488,Recommended,228300,16268248,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Valexity,"Excellent Brawler game with an awesome story line, couple of puzzles thrown in, and some beatuiful graphics.  Only complaint is it is extremely linear, but the everything else very much makes up for it."
76561198142091054,Recommended,228300,16270481,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,OzManCometh,good game
,Recommended,228300,16822210,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Uncle Crow,"This game has a great story and Dontnod`s trademark gorgeous art direction. If you are into great stories beautifuly told, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,228300,16835044,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,UpmostScarab,"Good game. Almost 10/10.Only 10 hours of gameplay, but this is quet enought, because i bet you would like to finish it in one run.It combines dry eyes from continues gameplay and coople of tears dropping from them because of the story.Overall great game."
,Recommended,228300,16481715,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,whiteninjaryu,This is like Mirror's Edge meets Assassin's Creed. It's just an overall great game to play and the storyline is very emotional. The way you remix people's memories is a great puzzle solver.Really hoping for a sequel to this game!!!
,Recommended,228300,16453327,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dangster,"I would recommend to buy this game on sale. It was an interesting experience with stunning visuals, a good storyline, and decent combo system (all though quite repetitive as many have stated), fun puzzles, and parkour (climbing mainly)."
76561197988105623,Recommended,228300,7371259,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,manax,"This is a very pretty game, with a decent world & story and interesting (not unique, but less common) combat mechanics.  But the game is severely marred by several horrible design decissions:  Movies are unskippable, the story is entirely linear, the camera is too limited (so you can't actually look around at the gorgeous environments much of the time), combat is frequently interrupted with stupid (and again unskippable, you MUST do what it wants you to, even the menu choices are fixed) upgrade tutorials...And on top of that... the interface is clearly designed for a console, combos are in a fixed arrangement (yes, you can select WHICH punch, but it must be A punch), it's sometimes difficult to know how you leave some areas.  I've gotten stuck for several minutes, just hunting around...looking for the exit.This isn't really a ""recommendation"".  It's kinda fun, when it works, but punctuated with a variety of frustrations.  More polish could have cured the worst offenses."
76561197993833923,Recommended,228300,16458131,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wolfman,Pretty enjoyable for a game that got buried behind bigger name titles. It was nice to get a good sci-fi setting without the guns.
,Recommended,228300,16461695,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SkillOverKill,"Remember Me is a very cool world, such a cool world that if you are into sci-fi Earth, you should buy it for the story / world-building alone: it's worth it.Where this game falls short is the outdated controls / mechanics / boss fights. The camera whips around erratically during combat, like it's early Silent Hill or something - or the really early Tekken / MK transitions into 3D survival modes: where someone is doing a flying kick at you, but you have no idea because the camera is very fascinated with a poster on the wall. Quick Time Events were a brilliant idea a decade ago, that were horrible in practice - and this game incorporates them into boss fights: so that's a mess.With that said, Nihil is an interesting character, Neo-Paris is awesome and gorgeous, and the story is fun. If this had a stealth option like Deus Ex (so that I could avoid all the unenjoyable combat elements) - I'd be in love. Play it for the sci-fi - worth it ;)"
,Recommended,228300,17945057,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vee,"Remember Me is a beautiful game with a compelling story. The combat system is sufficiently crunchy while remaining simple enough for button-masher types like me. I did find the game to be somewhat short. I tore through it in about 11 hours compared to 30 in most other RPGs I've played. Nevertheless, all 11 of those hours were spent engaged with the story and wanting to know more."
76561198031134961,Recommended,228300,17405094,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,OffirYehezkel,Underrated 8/10.
76561198231311300,Recommended,228300,17703812,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Tango,"The two strongest aspects of this game are the memory manipulation sequences and the customisable combos.The two weakest aspects of this game is the camera control and the size of some of the fight areas.The memory manipulation is excellent, its relevant to the story line and very enjoyable. However, only appears four times within the game and only has one successful outcome each time. What I mean by that is that it would have been a nice touch to have more than one possible outcome to progress the story. Perhaps a simple dialogue or cutscene change. Just to vary up the play experience a little. Also, more of it! Only four times over? In a story based around memory manipulation?The combos are a clever idea. Basically you're able to string together kicks and punches to form combos. Each individual kick or punch can have an action mapped to it. Basically the combo Punch-Punch-Punch can be mapped as Damage-Heal-Damage, for example. Should you come across a situation where you need to keep your health up and damage isn't as important then you can change the combo mapping to Heal-Heal-Heal instead. I think this really opens up your options when you find yourself in a difficult fight. When you find yourself failing over and over with the combo setup you've created, you can totally remap it to better suit the fight at hand. My only complaint in this area is that I feel the game should auto-save any combo changes as and when they are changed, rather than along with the game progression. As it stands, if you change your combo's going into a fight the changes you made will revert when the game reloads to the checkpoint before the fight. Another bonus to mention is that combos are not broken by correctly timed dodges, a hugely appreciated feature when it comes to fights with multiple hard enemies.I thought the story and setting were good. I didn't want to be away from the game for long, the narrative, although somewhat linear, kept me interested and wondering what was coming next. Some of the environments were very good at setting the mood, be it dark, dirty and creepy or bright, clean and clinical. The only point I would raise against the story is that I felt that the protagonists voice acting was somewhat weak in some cutscenes and yet much stronger in others. I felt there was a ""that'll do"" vibe to the delivery on some of the lines.Finally I'll mention the two things that had me gritting my teeth. Firstly the camera. Sometimes you've full control of the camera, at others the control is snatched away from you, unexpected on occasions. The chase style camera works well in some of the parkour sections but not so well in others. This isn't a huge deal, at least not until you consider my second grievance. The walls. Many of them are simply just too close together. Time and time again I would find myself FINALLY getting on top of a difficult fight against multiple challenging enemies, with victory in sight. I would dodge an incoming attack, only to find myself up against a wall, the camera would become pinned in some highly restrictive position and I would be overwhelmed whilst trying to escape the trap caused by an appalling relationship between the walls and camera. A solution to this would be to make the combat areas larger (I found myself up against the walls far too often) or to tighten up the camera controls.Should you buy it? I know I've possibly painted the game in a poor light in my review, however overall I think this is a good game. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good narrative or a challenging single player experience. Theres a good blend of liner story, combo based combat, collectable hunting, puzzle solving and parkour."
76561197993493467,Not Recommended,228300,17654823,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mung,Forgetful.
76561198061922395,Recommended,228300,6240529,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,DoxSaint,"Storyline was great!I had difficulty getting used to the rolling system in combat at first. I still find it to be buggy, but mostly reliable. Getting past the one buggy mechanic of combat. They were able to make fighting consistently engaging, with the exception of a couple bosses.I wouldnt say this is a game worth 49.99 even though it has a good storyline and great graphics.The story felt short to me and after going through the artwork, in the extras, after I beat the game; it seems there was more to be made.7/10"
,Recommended,228300,16111846,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Fury559 ᕳ@ ͜つ@ᕲ KeNnY,"A game that I wasn't expecting to much from delivers so much, great story but some of the combat can get repetitive at times. When on sale is definitely worth getting for a good blast through for 10 hours :)"
76561198035116633,Recommended,228300,16206282,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Chris,"I love Remember Me and Nilin is a great character!  Even though you cannot change Nilin's appearance and things, she still kicked butt!!!  The game is a challenge but a lot of fun!  It does take a lttle while to get used to the control and fighting style but it is worth the time to learn to use it!!"
76561197997473372,Not Recommended,228300,16191209,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,sologecko,"Interesting premise and good art style and soundtrack. Mechanically, it's kind of iffy. There are QTEs. There are QTEs that will make you redo boss fights when you fail. The things that will kill you in this game are ""tricks"" that aren't effected by the difficulty setting (which seems to just be a lazy damage multiplier), so even if you make normal fights obscenely easy, it won't help when you actually need it. You'll still have to fight a boss that can only be hurt for a one-second window during which you're still stunned from an unavoidable attack, or you'll be unable to get any health back because time keeps speeding up and slowing down at random, making it impossible to time your attacks for a healing combo. Sometimes tips will pop up and give you really bad advice, too. A lot of the game is kind of fun, but it's gated by really obnoxious parts that aren't ""hard"" or ""challenging"", just pointless tricky things you have to do over and over until you succeed and are allowed to continue.Game is also a shameless console port. You will have to navigate menus that don't show your cursor, and react like you're using a d-pad instead of a mouse. You'll even have to move your mouse around in circles to simulate winding an analog stick.It's not a terrible game, but there are so many more enjoyable games out there that there's no reason to choose this one."
76561198006710444,Recommended,228300,16192443,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Panzer,"Awesome game, bought it on steam sale and worth every penny. I avoided this title on release due to all the negative press. It's a gem though, good story, great worldbuilding, good music, fighitng and combo system is fine. There are a limited selection of opponents but it wasn't a deal breaker for me. If anything I can't believe how good this game is for a AAA effort from a first time game company. Shadow of mordor has much better combat, but I found it to be little more than an ork murder simulator, and it didn't hold my attention long enough to beat it. Even with the flaws in this game I was invested in the story and world enough to beat and I plan another play through in awhile on the max diffculty and to get come completionist achievments. I'm now going to get ""life is strange"" once it's all completed since it's from the same company, without playing remember me I never would have considered it...Pick it up on sale!I hope they make a sequel for this title down the road, it deserves a franchise."
,Recommended,228300,15588056,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Chunix,"I love the story for this game (: The combat wasn't necessarily hard either, so I was able to appreciate the plot more. The ending was also very solid; however, I would still liketo see a continuation if the creator has a really good one in mind."
76561198037631487,Not Recommended,228300,16133721,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bilstar,"This is not an awful game. This is however, in my opinion, a very boring game. People have pointed out that the combat is weak before and it is, but it is weak because of the lack of moves available. through most of the game you can expect to be limited to 3 or 4 different combos which gets really repetitive really quickly. The enemies are very samey with little in the roster to add any variety.The plot is... ok I suppose. Two of the main characters are called Edge and Bad. Yes really. And it all seems a bit predictable as the plot weaves towards its conclusion.There are certain sections where the main character gets inside peoples memories and ""remixes"" them. This sounds better than it actually is with only one correct outcome so instead of being creative, the player is reduced to trial and error, adding or taking away certain pre-defined elements in the scene until they find the correct combination.Also in the game are a lot of short platforming sections. The movement of the platforming feels very rigid and stiff with no real feel of flow like other genre leading platforming games have (Tomb Raider, Uncharted etc).On the plus side, the game as a whole isn't terrible although I really despised the combat by the end of the game. The graphics really are very lovely with varied looking environments that try to keep the game feeling fresh as things progress. The music is quite strange with what I felt was a very uneven distribution of it through the game. Sometimes there is a lot, sometimes less so and sometimes it doesn't really seem to suit the scene or comes across as shoehorned in. What music there is though is mostly rather good with grand orchestral sweeps and nice compact peices.I find it hard to recommend this game to anyone apart from someone who was totally new to the 3rd person adventure genre. Which, as you can imagine, is practically nobody."
,Recommended,228300,16162356,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,AZN,Wonderful game! Intuitive and not to difficult with an amazing story.
76561198080986589,Recommended,228300,16342044,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GWABBLETRIX,"In my experience, this game was well balanced and fun to play. It stands out in its design and atmosphere, The game looks simply beatiful with a lot of attention to detail. The meticulously created backstory and lore, however, are somewhat lost to me. It's a short game that doesn't get the chance to use it to its' full potential. Other than that, the story is well paced and interesting. Combat is solid and you can mix it up a bit, but it is not very impressive. What I liked about it very much though, was that you relied on your combos to heal, which is somewhat innovative and fun. enemies and bosses were a bit repedative.The game was fun, inviting and interesting without becoming a chore. Great design and setting, but mediocre combat. Still a solid 7/10 and nothing less."
76561198042695787,Recommended,228300,16078499,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Maxss2,"Okay, overall, I had fun with this game. I'm certainly not feeling like I was really cheated out of my money, and I can think of several things that make me recommend this game to the community as a whole... That said, this game still lacks a lot of polish and when you carefully look at the game as you play, it's not hard to see that this game wasn't given the full potential that it coulda been.The story is interesting, and it certainly has me going forward, and there's a lot of material that the game can play with when it comes to the premise that memories can be downloaded and shared just like MP3s today, not to mention be deleted altogether... but it still falls kinda short, like there was supposed to be more that the game could do, but the devs had to cut it short for one reason or another.The gameplay itself is solid, but lacks some polish. There are moments where you're tasked with 'remixing' memories to change the result, and by extension alter the behavior of that particular character, but they are too few and far between. In addition, the control scheme for these events is somewhat finicky, and it gets frustrating when you have to keep rewinding to change things. Moving about in the game is fairly easy, and anyone familiar with games like Uncharted or Assassins Creed would easily latch onto the standard set of movement mechanics without much trouble. The combat is both interesting and a curse. The combo creation system is a great idea in theory, but the game limits you to changing the effects of the buttons rather than altering the combos themselves. (i.e. you will always have a combo 'X-X-X', and you can alter the last two 'x' presses to any combination of 'heal' 'deal extra damage' or 'reduce cooldowns') It's sometimes difficult to get the right combo going, and it is rather hard to pull off a specific combo when you're in a large crowd (the game claims you can dodge and keep the combo happening, but I haven't had it happen often enough to be reliable.) Finally, there are enemies later game that are really best dealt with by using special attacks, but when you use one, there's a cooldown on that ability that's upwards of 2 minutes.... yes you can use the 'reduce cooldown' effects in combos to lower that, but when you're dealing with enemies you can't attack because it would be either countered, you'd take damage for hitting them, or they're just plain invisible.... yeah, it gets tired quick.I enjoy this game, I really like the story that's running through it, and I don't feel cheated out of my money. Anyone looking for a brawler-style game won't really be unhappy with it. However, I really feel sad because this game coulda been SOOO much more as a open-world game. I could see a lot of potential in this setting through that. There's a lot of things that you can read about, but would have been so much better if you could GO and SEE these sights.If it's on sale, go ahead and splurge a little, it'll be fun... But if story-driven games with bugs and less-than-optimal polish bother you, yeah, not really your cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,228300,16067858,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,afRL,"You can't really create your own combos, you can put specific things together, but you are limited in the number and type of attacks for each combo...Other than that the game is hardly average."
,Recommended,228300,15861524,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Silver,"It's rare to find a game with such an enthralling story that doesn't sacrifice gameplay for a ""movie-experience,"" and yet this game had me playing almost non-stop throughout precisely because every moment left me wanting more. The combat provided smooth intermissions that were engaging and satisfying for a video-game experience, and the characters and story drove me to continue traversing the ambient environment for further understanding. ""Remember Me"" is a great game and definitely a worthwhile buy if you are at all considering it."
,Recommended,228300,16329514,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mercurymesh,"Combat, yeah, may be meh'ish. Mashing the same 2-3 combos again and again, always the same patterns for the same enemies.But! Oh, beware of the but! The story, visuals and audio are great! For me, they felt spot on. Great character design with a nice female protagonist, and very detailed background scenarios. Has 'this' feel to it, that only DX:HR had in the last couple of releases that I really enjoyed.Would recommend buying it on sale though, as I don't think there's much replay value. But then, it's much bang for the buck, really! 8/10 would logic bomb - fury the Sensen out of it again."
,Recommended,228300,16300496,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,M'Lady,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,228300,16413739,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Leliel,"I saw a preview for Remember Me showing off the memory-altering gameplay a few years ago. The game looked fascinating, but I don't think it garnered much attention as I never heard about it actually getting released. I picked it up during the Capcom sale (2015/05) and see it in the summer sale now, so I thought I'd give it some of the love it deserves.The game has a few similarities to Mirror's Edge, which I loved, but there are also some key differences. Both games have you running/jumping/climbing around a future dystopia, but while ME's setting is pristine and sterile Remember Me takes place in a dirty, gritty, Blade Runnery Neo-Paris. Navigating the levels is fairly linear and you're fairly limited in your capabilities. There's also a lot of emphasis on unarmed combat, which I found very opaque to start with but makes more sense as more combo possibilities are unlocked. The first few fights feel like a chore, and the boss fights have some QTEs I don't really care for, but the combat feels very good once it all comes together.The main thing I dislike about the game is the camera, which I found generally awkward. When it's in a fixed location you'll wish you could point it elsewhere; when you have control of it you'll wish you didn't. During combat, sometimes it feels like you're fighting the camera more than the mooks.The highlight of Remember Me is the aforemention ""memory remixes."" You rewind and fast forward through a scene in your target's mind, altering certain elements one way or another until you achieve the desired result. It's trial and error to find the right combination, but seeing all the different outcomes makes the 'error' part not feel so punishing. I was surprised to find these sequences actually comprise a very small portion of the gameplay -- fortunately the rest of the game holds up.Remember Me looks great, has some fantastic music, and does some good storytelling with some unique mechanics. If you think it sounds even remotely interesting, it's worth picking up on sale."
76561198081219308,Recommended,228300,13623293,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RhythmSiege,I adore this game. It is absolutely incredible and I would definitely recommend it. 10/10 <3
76561197979109972,Recommended,228300,13617989,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ayhak,Good story and amazing atmosphere. Well worth the time.
76561198000638319,Recommended,228300,13609906,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JapaneseDinosaur,"This is the only game I've bought that compelled me to write a review... that being said, I think that Remember Me is severely underrated due to its mixed reviews. In my opinion the negative elements of the game were looked at too harshly and took away from the greater positive elements. The soundtrack and visuals are amazing, as well as the story having the ability to pull the player in. Some elements of the game were too repetitive such as the combat system: It was very interesting and cool at first but becomes really boring. But besides that, If you don't mind ""on-rail"" games, I think the story told, as well as the gameplay are worth the buy. 9/10"
76561198022292799,Recommended,228300,13610247,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,thelastone96,"It's a graphical adventure mixed with some combat. Totally linear, and buggy but with interesting new mechanics. Great game if you can pay for it less than 10."
76561198165754172,Recommended,228300,13673690,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pixiedav,"Beautiful  graphics, engaging story featuring a strong female protagonist , great voice acting plus a fantastic soundtrack  to complement great gamplay makes 'Remember Me' an awesome game that I had a lot of fun playing."
76561198075636042,Recommended,228300,13653455,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Overman,Unique and awesome!!!
,Recommended,228300,13656439,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tender Bisquit,"The little time I have spent in this game and I am already in love with it.  The story is rich, the environments and art style very refined, and the combat is unlike any I have experienced before.  This review is short and sweet.  Get the game!  If you like the Action/RPG genre, you will absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,228300,13657704,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[HoD]Smiley,"After my first playthrough, I believe I can provide a fair rating of my opinion.  You play a beautifully rendered female character (seriously, couldn't ask for more from a third-person game) on a hunt for her own memories while also taking down a misguided conglomerate.  I recommend using a controller!PROS:Decent storyGreat fluidity in movement (in and out of combat)Attention to details (walking up steps looks like walking up steps)Controller supportAmazing character modelsCONS:Holy spaghetti is this game linear!Zero interaction with non-story/enemy charactersDifficulty-----1. EASY MODE:  I will admit, I didn't play on the hardest difficulty yet.  I did, however, complete on normal.  I found the game to be...easy.  Not once did I actually die from combat; rather I had a tendency of trying to explore while platforming.  The game does not take kindly to those who leave the beaten path, and my loads from last checkpoint were always of my believing I could make it to the ground or jump to a different ledge.2. DESIGN:  Most reviews make mention of the really well-placed setting and gorgeous scenery.  They are right.  There is so much eye candy in the background that you really just want to simply look around and soak it in.  From the slums to the VIP areas, the design is what most open-world games wish they could offer.3. WORLD:  Unfortunately, this game is far from open-world; Remember Me is so linear it could give a sidescroller about spaghetti a run for its money.  There are no secret alternative pathways or special off-shoots (other than for the mostly obvious hidden items).4. COMBAT:  Following these determined paths always leads to some fighting scenarios (frequently from blatantly waltzing into an open area infested with baddies).  The combat, while somewhat limited, is very smooth.   Like ""I can't believe its not butter"" smooth.  Dodging is essential, as you are almost always outnumbered by a swath of enemies.  Fortunately (and unfortunately) your dodge is a simple button press away.  You can choose your direction to dodge, or simply let the game have you leap over the head of the closest enemy.  Your home-made combos are initially limited, as you unlock more moves while progressing thru the game and defeating enemies.  You also must use predetermined button presses, and are merely allowed to choose what those button presses will do (power, regen, cooldown, or enhance).  It is fun the first few times you set it up, but once you are satisfied with your combos, you probably won't see a reason to change them for the rest of the game.  But should you overload an enemy thru attacks or special abilities, you can do a 'finisher' of sorts that involves wiping a memory and ending their participation in the battle.  Just a fancy scripted moment in the battle where you totally obliterate the enemy memories...5. UNIQUENESS:  As a game about memories, you are able to rarely interact with the memories of others.  These events are limited to only vital storyline moments.  Not that it matters, as you will NOT come across another human being who isn't an enemy or already dead.-----I believe Remember Me to be worth a go at a sale price of $20 or less.  I do not recommend using a keyboard/mouse setup, however.  Nor do I see any reason to obtain the DLC, as it supplements an already unnecessarily crowded combo system."
76561198048284887,Recommended,228300,13659117,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AQA473,"I think this is a wonderful action-story game and I personally find very little wrong with it. I was pushed away from buying it at launch because of all the bad reviews it was recieving. Upon playing it, I now regret not getting it sooner.The protagonist is certainly the best thing about the whole package, but I enjoyed everything in it. In the beginning, I had a hard time getting used to the combat system and I was disappointed with the platforming. But after a while, I became accustomed to the combat and I saw why the platforming was created that way. The thing is, you have this sensen thing in your head (the world the game takes place in is amazing so let's just get that out of the way) that shows you what ledges and etc. you can interact with for platforming. I thought this was really limiting but it's really the same thing as running down a hallway in a shooter. You don't ever see people yell about running down hallways. We understand thses types of games are telling a very specific story about a very specific character and having choice in the way of travel does little to affect that story. This system of platforming also makes you think creatively in where you look to find other interactable ledges when searching for the various games collectables which are useful or interesting.The combat seems to be the thing that most people have a problem with in the game. I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. You can really play around with it in the pressens you use, which combas you use on which types of enemies, and how much of a combo you actually utilize before falling of from an attack. Once I'd essentially mastered the system (which shouldn't take too long) I started being able to tackle the increasingly difficult fights. Maybe I'm just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamer, but I found many of the later encounters to be quite challenging and I used the combat system in the ways that most suit my needs for a certain fight. Spamming health, cooldown reductiong, power combos, or whatever I needed to survive, and I could change them on the fly even during a fight. Not to mention it's very pretty to look at. Some of the things Nilin says during combat are nice to listen to, as well. Scripted, but flows easily.Another major griped people have is the memory remixes. When reading reviews, I thought, ""Wow, that is true. Having very few instances of the 'best' part of the game would certainly be a bad thing, wouldn't it? Guess what game I'm not getting?"" I now realize how dumb it is to think that.The memory remixes, of which there are four, are significant moments in the game. They carry weight and change a lot in the world. They are not mini-games, they are not to be treated lightly or as a 'feature.' It's a plot device and a very good one. I'm thankful they used it so little. Memory remixes would be trivialized if they were overused. Each time I reached one, I thought, ""This is a big moment. I'm doing something seriously major here."" My only gripe with this thing is that there wasn't some sort of system, like a mini-game or something, for overloads and memory thefts. Those you do perform often and I wish there had been more of a challenge to them then just clicking the left-mouse button.The last major issue I see people having is the inability to explore much of Neo-Paris. People say going into prisons and government facilities isn't fun or relatable and they want to see more of the city. Well, this story is about Nilin and it's a very good story. Each of these zones are well-designed and you see as much of them as you need to. Each area feels like  that area should with puzzles that fit the environment. Yes, I would like to see more of Neo-Paris, but I didn't buy the game expecting Skyrim. It wasn't advertized as such so I don't even know why people are complaining about this.Final words: I have a lot more to say about this game, all positive, but I really just wanted to address the issues I see other people are having. I liked the combat, I understood the lack of memory remixes, and the game not being open-world didn't bother me for a second. The story is awesome, the progression feels fluid, the quick-time events are well-integrated, and the length is just right. It's long enough to tell its story while not overstaying its welcome.I give this wonderful title a 9/10 and I wish I had bought it full-price at launch. Same with Mirror's Edge. Though the two games are very different. Play that one too, though."
,Recommended,228300,13660034,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dcommando,"Absolutely brilliant game, loved the whole environment of a steampunk futuristic dystopian world. There is a striking similarity between this game and a game like Deus Ex Human Revolution. What is humanity? Are humans the sum of our parts and memories? Are we all that we remember? This game investigates some of the deeper questions of life, and asks that if one could forget an unpleasant memory, if he or she should actually do so.This game holds the position that people are, is the sum of our memories. Thus if you mess with someone's memories, you change their whole person. Is it right that any one person has this power? What if a whole country were run this way with the Government controlling the population by controlling their memories?In Remember Me, those who forgot unpleasant memories, experienced further unhappiness since vast tracks of their life was obliterated. Forgetting or changing memories did not help, but only made things worse. Holding on to memories was not enough in and of itself. Rather how they lived with those  memories and moved forwards is what makes the difference. The characters who stopped dwelling in while never forgetting the past, were the ones who were able to make a positive impact on their world.Never forget. Always Remember. Don't dwell in the past.If you want to play a game that will challenge your thinking and give you a new perspective on the human condition, play this game. If you also want a game that is technically challenging to master and has a beautiful design, play this game. If on the other hand you want to play a game where you have the freedom to choose between options, don't play this game. Remember me is an interactive narrative. If you can get into the story, you will love this game. Otherwise you will very quickly get frustrated."
76561198022260544,Recommended,228300,8707250,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,› Tabooger,"Another brawler from Capcom... and yet, this one is different.  Taking place in the Neo-Paris of a cyberpunk tomorrow, it chases after the ultra-cool territory that Ghost in the Shell staked years ago, but still manages to break new ground.  The commoditization of memory is a dynamic that allows Remember Me to make some relevant commentary on society.  Gameplay, art design, and music are solid.  The design palette is Mirror's Edgy by way of Deus Ex.  Intersting characters with good voice acting drives forward what is so far an engaging story.  The one weak point is rather simplistic level design."
,Recommended,228300,12642269,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Valassi,"A decent game with an interesting story that has 2 neat twists towards the end (that you may or may not see coming) but it's held back by the repetitive and lackluster combat. Indeed, the game was touted as having a ground-breaking combat system where you can design your own combos but that isn't the case at all: the combos are pre-set and the only changes that you can make to them is to modify what effect each of your attacks within the combo have (health regen, added damage and shorter cooldowns). You'll end up using the same handful of combos over and over again with a few initially cool finishers but that quickly get old as you end up having to use them regularly without the respite of fun & varied combat to even things out. The boss battles on the other hand were rather enjoyable as they each had their own disctinct mechanics and were therefore more challenging.Also, the other pioneering aspect of the game was its supposed memory-rewinding which is indeed really cool when you get to use it but it is only accessible at 4 specific plot points which is a damn shame.It's also unfortunate that the amazing futuristic environments of neo-Paris aren't fully explorable and that the player is always constrained in their movements. The game would have been so much better if there was an element of free-roaming where you could go around weakening the despotic government by targeting a series of key political & military figures and altering their memories. You could either take them completely out of the fight by breaking them mentally, causing them to commit suicide or joining them to your cause. The game had so much wasted potential :(.TL;DR: Basically get it for the neat story if you don't mind so-so combat.7/10"
76561198072006806,Recommended,228300,13259705,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sniperforlife1,"A Great experience,With a suberb story,solid gameplay,good graphics,a excellent art style,and a enticing atmosphere.I would highly reccommend to anyone."
76561198090005360,Recommended,228300,13233147,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kooky500,"I was really excited about this game when I first heard about it, and when it came out, I gotta say, I wasn't disappointed. It's got interesting characters, unique setting and and a cool storyline. The combat can be a bit hard to master at first, but it's not terribly hard once you get the hang of it.Another thing I would like to point out is, that the memory remixes can be a bit tricky as well. But overall, Nilin is pretty cool, the graphics are pretty detailed and the Sensen is a very unique concept. Remember Me is a great game and I highly recommend it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,13801551,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,phannDOTde,"Love: the Style and AtmosphereHate:- the constant gameplay interuptions by Ingame cutscenes- the desition to frequently take away controls from the player (like running)- Steering most times not ""that"" reaction friendly- Fightsystem isnt ""my thing""regret that I bought it even on a sale"
,Recommended,228300,13822812,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"First off, don't buy this game if you're looking for some extravagant shooter or action filled ride of destruction or something.  This game tells a story.... what I think is a very good one at that.  Typically gameplay is very linear with no real ability to explore the extremely detailed and awesome looking game world around you.  But, this isn't just a walk in the park.  Actually there's a lot less walking than you think.  Much of it is somewhat similar to parkour with elements of climbing, running, and jumping along the edges and insides of buildings, machinery, and basically anything else that has a handhold.  There are also a number of fights along the way but they almost typically consist of mashing buttons until everyone is lying unconscious... with most of them, little strategy is involved.  It does also have unique gameplay elements involving Nilin's ability to remix memories... those parts are extremely fun and interesting.I am in love with the futuristic game world that was created for this game.  Truly top notch.  Again, it's a shame the developers don't give you more of a chance to explore it.The soundtrack is also quite excellent.  This isn't just some synthesized music produced by an audio technician either.  It's performed by a philharmonic orchestra.The voice acting is also excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed all the characters and their voice acting really brought them to life.And then there's Nilin.... Ahhhh Nilin.  Probably one of the sexiest, sultriest, best animated female protagonists in all of gaming.  I really do think the choice of Kezia Burrows was bang on here to voice her.  With her accent she really does portray Nilin as being strong, having an air of sophistication to her as well... almost like a female James Bond.  And sorry to go all pervy here, but you spend the majority of the game following behind her and looking at her backside in all its curvacious glory.  Watching her walk is a real treat."
,Recommended,228300,13823033,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sp3tzn4z,"I like it, the art, the style, the story, the gameplay... it has it's flaws but it's still enjoyable.My main issue is when you've gone thru the game once, and you start a new game, you still get all the tutorial stuff which you can't really skip, same for cinematics."
,Not Recommended,228300,13830201,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lamhir,"I can't recommend this game. The main selling point, the ""memory remix"" only occurs very rarely in the game.Beside that, it's just a normal martial arts-like action game, with a rather weak plot. The difficulty of the game is challanging, is positive. Though later in the game it becomes very difficult with mouse/keyboard, especially when you fight against multiple invisible enemies, fast reaction and change of directions is required, which mouse/keyboard don't offer.Maybe if you get it in a sale for 5 bucks, it's worth to get it. But more than that is a waste imho, unless you have a PS3 Controller (XBox Controllers aren't suitable for this kind of game, cause they are to big for the fast actions required by this game).The game is very linear and there is little to explore or to take a different path. Everything is predetermined. The climbing parts also feel very boring. You can only climb and jump on predefined parts, which follows the linear path. So there is not even a choice or ways to try out while climbing, which could made the game more interesting and enhanced the exploring.All in all, a very average and boring game with little to no invoation. And the only real invovation (Remix system), is used 2 or 3 times within the game. Very underused feature.If you hopped for many remixes and trying to solve it in different ways, you will be pretty disappointed."
,Recommended,228300,15875833,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,farid0107,Definitely recommended!!
76561198029241855,Recommended,228300,15875949,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Alexey Bg,This game is simply amazing. Who loves the 'Deus Ex:HR' will love this game too.
,Recommended,228300,15876380,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kfcnyancat,Interresting
,Recommended,228300,15877114,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,RADICAL EWOK :D,"Really enjoying this game. It feels like the kind of game people wished for when talking about playing in the ""present day"" for Assassins Creed, mixed with Mirrors Edge and a little Batman thrown in there too.With influences from so many games it's a bit surprising to say, but the game also feels quite fresh and original. I love the memory remixing parts of the game and nothing feels better than doing an overload and seeing data shoot out of people heads like a shotgun blast.I know for an original IP the full price tag can seem daunting. If you've been waiting for Mirrors Edge 2 and hoping that part of it takes place in the slums of the city and you enjoy the Batman combat style then you'll probably get your monies worth. If it seems a little risky to you then just put it on your wishlist and pick it up when it goes on sale which is definitely worth it."
76561198053642364,Recommended,228300,15877117,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,paganker,"Got the game on sale. I made 12+ hours out of it (first playthrough on the hardest difficulty with no looking at guides). I say if you like cyberpunk you should take it. In more details:- camera isn't very friendly- certain doors close after you pass them; although it helps you move forward, you may miss a collectible behind- a couple of times I had sound disappearing; going to main menu and reloading the last checkpoint helped it+ after finishing the entire game I had it only 91% complete, which means I've missed quite a few collectibles and bonuses, some of them are hidden well (duh, apparently)+ considering how boring fighting in these games usually is, you do need to rebuild your combos for specific situations (bosses or big groups of enemies)+ interface is very simple and friendly+ it is impossible to get lost+- your eyes will get tired (lots of flashing lights and colours, hello cyberpunk)+- I enjoyed the first half of the game more than the last (same with Deus Ex HR, though)Decide for yourself. I do not regret purchasing and finishing it through."
76561198022635736,Not Recommended,228300,15877376,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,desmoflex,:(  xbox360 wired does not work...  no solution found yet...  don't have any issues with other UNREAL games....any hint is very much welcome!cheers fleX
,Not Recommended,228300,15877424,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mr Peanut,"Pros:  Great story, great graphics.Cons:  Button spamming to win, QTE events with timed button presses, unnecessary repetitive choke point hell.I love this until I started seeing the Cons appear and repeat themselves.  Sadly uninstalled.  5/10 will not play again."
76561198002606662,Not Recommended,228300,15878225,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,odizzido,"Do you like good controls, freedom to move around more than two feet off the laid out path, and an interesting story? Do you hate QTEs? This game is not for you. I'd rather smash my head into my keyboard than play this turd any more than I have."
76561197979156880,Not Recommended,228300,15878371,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Butters,"The fights are not difficult, just very frustrating."
,Recommended,228300,15878908,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,Brilliant game... Linear but keeps a movie type of action. I love the ideas and locations. Stuns a lot. Graphics are amazing. If it only was an open world game :O
76561198040612128,Not Recommended,228300,15879231,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Swellgrim,"I enjoy the game so far, until  got the most horribly executed boss fight I ever meet in fighting game.In this kind of game you should enjoy your self by beating the boss up and not running around waiting to regenerate your ""ultra moves"" and your basic moves don't do sht and at least have an enjoyment of finish him off and not with a minigame where you miss touch something and have to start again."
76561197970325357,Recommended,228300,15543511,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,smittix,"This game was surprisingly good. The memory ""remixing"" is a very cool and unique feature, and the story is intriguing. The fighting aspects are not tremendous, but certainly good enough to not interfere with the flow of the game."
76561198093709390,Recommended,228300,16744608,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,brikken,"Beautifully created game with an intriguing story line. I highly recommend this game, it's become one of my favorites. The soundtrack is breath-taking as are the game maps.  It's puts a creative spin on the future of Paris and the concept of capitalizing on memories. Really fun."
,Recommended,228300,16749170,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,I hope im not late,На пятёру!
76561198001584035,Recommended,228300,16752444,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BobMammoth,"Nice game. Strongly inspired by Assassin's Creed. The storyline is amazing. It's too bad the game is not longer because they could easily have added more content. The battle system is nice, the characters are realistic, the technological environment is visionnary and the memory remixes are wonderful. The controls for the PC version are a little bit buggy but overall, this is a great game."
,Recommended,228300,16627123,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sanctus Stercus,"Played on the hardest difficulty, 82% completionPros:Gorgeous visual designOST is fantasticCombat can feel fluid and strongInteresting conceptCons:Predictable storyBroken controlsFalls off in quality in the second halfCan feel cheap with broken mechanics(such as the dodging)Verdict: 6.5/10"
76561197980111659,Recommended,228300,30600692,Posted: 18 March,all,Stryder2384,"A beautiful distraction. Graphics are great, and the world the game presents is well thought out and engaging. The combat is varied, the battles difficult enough, the enemies require different strategies, but on the whole, I found the combat either frustrating or too easy. Invisible enemies will dog you, robots will fly around aloof and then pounce right when you're in the middle of a combo, etc. The story isn't too deep, but isn't absent either. I absolutely loved Life is Strange, and this game is very competently made, but somehow just doesn't land in the way it should. That being said, I do recommend people play this game, it reminds me of Enslaved, another story-driven action beat em up."
,Recommended,228300,18991811,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,amikros,I loved this game even though the gameplay is quite meh. I fear I'm getting old.
,Recommended,228300,18992307,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Laddie,"A really cool setting and amazing game mechanics, though the combat is a little bit bland."
76561198069026008,Recommended,228300,19108789,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bastion,"Really it's just a polished well done game that wil give you at minimum 1 playthrough where you're smiling quite a bit.  Most likely you're going to play throug it twice and enjoy it both times equally.  Great story/graphics, good sound, and fantastic gameplay.   I bought it for $4.99 but knowing what I know now I would have paid full price for it."
,Recommended,228300,19204022,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,lesvannes,"Remember Me is a game bursting with promise. The stunning visuals of Neo-Paris are an appropriate backdrop for amnesiac ""memory-hunter"" Nilin to leap and fight against, and several unique gameplay mechanics set this game apart from similar titles. Unfortunately, the game never really reaches its full potential. Gameplay is entirely linear, leaving the player feeling more like they're just along for the ride rather than making meaningful choices, and while the storyline hints at some fascinating concepts, the exposition seems rushed and skims over much of the deeper context that really would have brought this world to life. Nonetheless, Remember Me is a great game that brings something new to the table, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys games that have some complexity and story to them."
76561198014939953,Not Recommended,228300,19186938,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Rox13as,"This was just not a very good game. Simple story, dull combat, uninteresting dialogue, unskippable cut scenes, less than 10 hours to beat, and requires little to no thought to play. The game holds your hand the entire time.The best part was the memory remixes but they just don't happen often.I wish I had liked it."
76561197972361376,Recommended,228300,12086514,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Studio Ghibli,"In a sentence, ""The Giver"" with a twist.This is, first and foremost, a thoughtful title, a provocative title. From the look and feel of its world to its story and music--to even its journal system, where you can read entries on the history of the world, and be notified of ""how many people remembered"" and ""how many people forgot.""It's been described to me as an amazing 7/10 title. I thought that fit quite nicely.It's also one of the better sci-fi movies I've watched in awhile.To clarify, by sci-fi, I mean a movie that uses science-fiction elements to ask a philosophical question about the things that make us human. In this case, the question is about memory.Having said that, my biggest complaint with the game is that certain combat puzzles range from ""oh, that's fun"" to ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DO YOU WANT ME TO DO.""I really, really, really hate quick-time events, especially in a world as beautiful as this one.That aside, I wish there had been more thoughtful puzzles involving memory manipulation, even though every manipulation event made me feel very uncomfortable--like I was violating someone's private space."
76561198214667649,Recommended,228300,19317640,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,abyss12345678910,"This is one of those games that you wont forget. If you find it on sale for under ten dollars like I did, get it. The atmosphere, world and character design, controls, and the game as a whole, is well made and a great expierence for scifi lovers or people looking for a good and solid story. The developers, for what they had, did really well, and in light of what you may here about this game, it is what it is. Take it or leave it."
,Recommended,228300,19291993,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mortreal,"Oh I'll remember you amazing game, my only regret is not paying more for this masterpiece and I'm not even finished with it yet..!"
,Recommended,228300,19321627,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,FuzzyWuzzy,A very fun and beautiful game.Enjoyed invading peoples minds and rearranging their memories.10/10would violate again
,Recommended,228300,19325645,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pointofdeparture,"Remember Me offers a downright stunning cyberpunk Paris environment, interesting lead character and a gripping first few minutes of gameplay. Sadly the game's potential is squandered by a terrible camera, mediocre button-mashing combat, linear/repetitive climbing sections and somewhat hammy dialogue. The saddest part of Remember Me is that the game feels like it could've been an enduring cult classic with some more polish. It's enjoyable enough and worth picking up on sale for the absolutely gorgeous visuals and interesting premise, but I don't see myself going back to play it again in the future."
,Recommended,228300,19325117,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,LeviusDD,"Its ok, but not for me. I can see why many people like it."
,Recommended,228300,19349530,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yvoire,"Remember Me has a beautiful theme, a nice story, an interesting morale, wonderful, amongst the very best concept designs I have ever seen in any science fiction game, and a rather flawed gameplay system. Fights aren't too exciting, some are rather repetitive and frustrating, but you just can't help going on because you want to see how the story unfolds, and what beautiful sceneries await you.The gameplay isn't that horrible, just a little meh, and certainly not bad enough to ruin the enjoyment of the game. I still love Remember Me despite its flaws, or perhaps even moreso because of them. Remember you soon."
,Recommended,228300,19387917,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,White Wulf Faelan,I didn't know what to expect from playing Remember Me but after playing a while I can conclude:+ Interesting story+ Interestingcharacters+ Nice combat system+ Sensen Fury is fun- Combos are a bit hard to pull off if you're not focused.
,Recommended,228300,19343739,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tiemie,"This game is a pleasant adventure through a distopian future.There are some original concepts in gameplay, an interesting story and the combo system is really cool.The camera angles are a slightly awkward at times - but this does not hinder gameplay. I would have also like the game to allow a little more freedom in climbing and adventuring. As it is story-driven it is linear.A definite recommended buy."
76561198031524932,Recommended,228300,19381620,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Quaker_Oats,"Don't get to caught up into seeing this as ""the game where you get to HACK people's brains! To death"". As fun as memory remixing is it doesn't make a majority or even a decent chunk of gameplay. Typical game combat ranges from a beat-em-up where you customize the best combos to cheeze your way through to brick wall boss fights where you'll die a dozen times until you figure out the one routine that the game will let you use to pass them. Though as rare as the memory remixing sections, the puzzles the game gives (of both visual and linguistiv nature) are admittedly fun asides - if too easy (unless you're completely culturally ignorant).If I'll be honest the game really shines in the audio and art design. Cyberpunk avec une touche française, I've never seen a cyberpunk themed game look so beautiful (sorry Deux Ex HR). And this is demonstrated everywhere, from the architecture and environments, to the fashion and character design. As cheesy and cliched as the countless baddies are, their visuals are well assembled. Setting this all against a magically ambient score only heightens the beauty of the game.The plot can get a little too meandering. I'll admit I loved the dynamic between Nilin and her parent(s) as well as the ending twist, but you better bet I'd have liked it a lot more if I hadn't wanted the game to end four 'episodes' beforehand. As an aside the game is beautifully cinematic if played with French as the preferred language (given the Parisian development team) as the French voice actors give some emotion lacking in the default version.Overall an underrated classic that's beautifully rendered but definitely may not be everyone's cup of tea given the gameplay."
,Recommended,228300,19371525,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TS,"""The memory of a single man is a fotress , more complex than the vastest of cities""i never understood why this game is underrated cause it has good story , nice graphics and others . JUST SOOO GOOOOD !But keyboard & mouse really sucks in this game .12/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,20787172,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,PaJamieez,"If you're expecting an open world experience in an interesting cyberpunk world, you're in for some disappointment. The setting and backdrop for this game is so intriguing that it begs to be explored. Sadly, you have as much interaction with this world as a bull in a china shop, which according to Mythbusters, is not that much. You can excuse the bland combat system to dip your toes into the world, but it will only frustrate you."
76561198009548126,Recommended,228300,2580199,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,The Brandorian,"I enjoyed it. I loved the visual style and the art design. The combat wasnt thebest, but theres much worse out there, and its a story driven game anyway. I liked the plot even at its weaker moments. The Remix spots were...alright. The base idea is good but needs refinement. Overall worth a playtrhough but if you are hesitant about it, wait for it to go on sale."
76561197964345647,Recommended,228300,20749615,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Sazo,"I really enjoyed this game!It is beautifully rendered, with a unique future distopia and engaging story, which runs medium in length.The battle mechanics are very fluid and never very tedious, which I often find in cases when you simply hack and slash enemy groups...Nothing like that here.I don't see much replayability in this title, but it is worth the first go around for sure!"
76561197999955764,Recommended,228300,15852944,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HunterAnubis,Somewhat worth it. Story wasnt bad but you can see thru it.Combat is fast paced altho lack of weapons is rather disapointingenemies are really repetetive3 combos only
,Recommended,228300,15854445,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Le Sir,"Great game with an awesome soundtrack (I bought that, too)."
,Recommended,228300,15854588,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Corvin,"Take a little bit each of Mirrors Edge (Style), Tomb Raider (Movement), Batman (Fighting), Deus Ex (Cyberpunk and Setting), 1984 and Dishonored (Society) and Half Life 2 (Combine Advisory) and you get this gem. Absolutely Recommended."
76561198030893028,Recommended,228300,15855520,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Yukiro Oshi,I bought it on sale and had a reasonably good time. I just wish there had been more of the memory altering mechanic in the game and that it could have explored the concepts it presented more.
,Recommended,228300,15834301,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,pdA.Choosy Moms Choose Jif,"Under-rated game. The combat is decent, the story isn't bad, and the atmosphere is fun. It reminds me of a cross between Oni and Mirror's Edge, and not just because of the female lead characters. Take the gunplay and melee combat of Oni and add in Mirror's Edge's free running and you've got this game. The plot is even a mix of both games as well. Considering I enjoyed both of those titles I enjoyed this as well.Recommended, especially since it's on sale frequently."
76561198056115408,Recommended,228300,15837967,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lelouch vi Britannia,This game remember me is amazing with usage of memories and close combat fighting really makes me feel like im playing an assassin's creed game which is a good thing and the visuals are just so stunning i could stare at a statue for hours and be taken in
76561198048140398,Recommended,228300,15839959,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,HartOz,"I bought this game on Special Offer and it only cost me 6$.OK so the combat is button mashing combos, and works best with the XBox360 controller, but the plot and graphics are imaginative, and the lead character is kinda cute.Voice acting is very good, and the plot is engaging and imaginative.Definitely worth a look as a nice casual game to unwind to."
76561198030972269,Recommended,228300,15840420,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zubas,"Its one of best games on the market. Amazing story, amazing graphics, combat is bit repetitive but since its more less fist fighting so no much variety to be expected and also game is linear story driven and not some hack and slash game.If you are looking far a game with amazing story line told not by point and click type game then you found it.It might not be one of those games that glue to the screens for many hours, maybe just for 1-2 play through due to even thou rather deep story but short game play. And after finishing game on credit scene you will lean back and think ""wow that was something"""
76561198007568414,Not Recommended,228300,15904284,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,smurph,"The game feels like a giant quicktime event.  Its looks good, it tells a story, but the game consists mostly of combo mashing in combat (you can design the combos but it really doesn't matter what how you do), quicktime events where you must press one of the 3 combat buttons, and perfectly linear platforming where although the stuff your climbing is identical to all the other stuff around you but you are able to climb this particular stuff in this path because there's a little yellow arrow telling you too."
,Recommended,228300,15905352,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,asdfasdf,This is a game that could have been. It has an interesting premise about playing around with memories which sadly isn't what the gameplay is focused around.If the memory scrubbing sequences was 80% of the game instead of fight scenes I think it would've been much better.Play it if you liked Batman's Arkham Asylum fight style.
,Recommended,228300,15906592,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,KaisarAvtov,Beautiful. Great storytelling
,Recommended,228300,15908144,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Pump and dump,"I didn't like the game mechanics. But if you treat it as a visual novel--no, that doesn't work either; the story is not compelling. But everything else, especially details of the worldbuilding, wants to be judged by the standards of canon cinema, not television or games. Set it to Easy and subtitled French, play it on rails, and eat up the eye and brain candy.I'd say replay value is very low, but here I am playing through it a second time."
76561198059155231,Recommended,228300,15908655,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BTongx,Got it on sale. Worth the money.
,Recommended,228300,15915225,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Uzumaki Naruto,best story forever ! and good fight with combo buttoni love her nillin  ♥_♥take score 9.5/10  is fun !
76561198010142840,Recommended,228300,15626124,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BlueDawn,"I love everything about this game except the combat, which could have been better, and the fact that the levels are as linear as Final Fantasy XIII."
76561198008641921,Recommended,228300,15859217,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bydandii,"Some customizability with the heroine would have been appreciated but is of little matter as the game has a beautiful aesthetic. Linear, with a sense of broader world that cannot be reached, but the story is paced well and engaging."
,Recommended,228300,15859777,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,VladVeland,"I really loved the development of the story line. The combat system is quite nice; its combos are moderately customizable at any point in the game, but not overwhelming. I love the characters, I love their personalities and their aesthetics because of how appropriately thematic they all are.10/10"
76561198050046403,Recommended,228300,15862246,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,brettstevenson82,"The graphics are amazing, the trailers entice you with a warm inviting embrace and it looks fun enough to play, although it's a trap. A massive, trap for me in the very least.The game starts out innocent enough as you're learning the ropes but as you progress you have 4 modes of play that are horrendously repetitive.1. Combat, wholly dependent on combos, bland and obvious. Use X skill to disarm Y enemies shield, use Z combo to cooldown skills and repeat. Dodging is easy enough, but clunky and basically... just going through motions.2. Assassin's creed style springboard jumping through the city ala la spiderman in a tutu minus the webs and emphasis on parkour. 90% of it is linear, it's usually obvious where to go. Mild old school platiformer patience of wait 3 seconds, memorize pattern, then proceed to dodge but there's so few of these areas. Some areas are insta-gib and unforgiving.3. Puzzles of manipulating memories and very weak riddles of pure trial and error with no semblance of what's going on. Basically poke a dead donkey and see what happens, poke it somewhere else and repeat until desired results occur.4. Stealth element is luke-warm MetalGear-esque. It isn't fun, nor is it a challenge. There's pretty much only one way through most of them.So, in the end what's this game have going for it? Concept and storyline. Props for being ballsy to try something new in a stagnant market of meme-sheepage zombie/warcraft etc games. It tried to be like Deus Ex, but has nothing that made the game fun. It COULD have been amazing if it wasn't some clunky mix-mash. Get it cheap, get it for the storyline, the philosophy, the perceptive of life and politics but if you want a game that can really draw you in and have replay value, steer clear."
76561198166633175,Not Recommended,228300,15863777,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,hippymusicman,i was very excited about this game looked good on graphics and looked slighty simular to dmc in combat gameplay also full controller support..... WRONG!!! the controller only works in pause menu i think this ruins it although i got this on sale from £24 down to 4 i still regret getting this game i'v looked to see if they are looking into a patch to fix it but all i saw was other people asking same thing getting no reply.
76561198027490356,Recommended,228300,15863779,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,FauxyGrandpa,"Beautiful game, excellent art direction, great story. Recommended."
,Recommended,228300,15881684,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Southern808,"Wow...This has to be the most visually stunning games I have ever played, but I won't lie and say the game play is flawless because it's not.  Combat is like an 'Arkham City wanna-be' but comes nowhere near the fluid motion of any of the Batman games.  But if you can get past the first few levels and upgrade your combos it's not so bad.  Actually once I quit trying to play it like Arkham and started playing it for what it was, I started to come around to the combat and enjoy a tad bit.  There are also plenty of platforming moments that are all pretty easy.  They mostly serve to break up the gameplay and show off a wider view of the levels, and let me tell you.....The world of Remember Me is the reason you want to play this game.  When you move from point A to B don't RUN...hold back on the thumbstick a bit and WALK and soak in every bit of the detail.  These guys have made one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen in my life.  The level to detail is staggering and is Remember Me's greatest asset.  That being said, I do wish they would have went the Splinter Cell route instead of the Arkham City route and had more focus on stealth.  This could have been the Starcraft Ghost that we never got.  Can you imagine?!?!?  Oh well, it's still a beautiful game and well worth a playthrough, especially if your a little burnt out on the same ol', same ol' Call of Duty or whatever mainstream game that usually takes up your time.  Do yourself a favor and give it a chance.  It doesn't cost much and worse case scenerio you just don't like it.  I think if you open your mind and look past the clunky combat, and look at the world instead you'll find it's actually damn good."
76561198058853403,Not Recommended,228300,15881768,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bugsdaman,"I think the story of the game is unique but slow.  It's a shame to me how such a beautifully made world is limited to explore.   Our protagonist, Nilin, seems well rounded in character.  However, going back to being able to exploring the world, it seems odd how she can jump such great distances and parkour like a boss, yet she can't hurdle a 2ft wall.  The world is also not very interactive.  Only the items that will help you progress in the game's story (besides the boxes that boost your health and focus) can be interacted with.  I was expecting a reaction out of some of the robots when I punched or kicked them...nothing.  The same thing happens with the NPCs in Slum 404.  One thing that is a plus and minus is the camera angles.  When it comes to the parkour, some of the POVs are very helpful. Sometimes I couldn't see where I was supposed to jump to next because the computer took over my camera and I had no control of where I was looking (also happens when trying to get a glimpse at the surrounding city).  The architecture is amazing, and it's very hard to admire it because you see only what the designers want you to see.  If you want to play a CyberPunk game that is unique, play this one.  It is fun, but be warned that there is not a lot of freedom in where you go and what you can interact with.  It's good to play through once.  I don't see a point in playing through it again (unless you really want those pesky achievements).  Honestly, a bit of side questing, more interaction with the environment, and a bit more freedom would give this game a much higher replay value.  Just a thought if these developers ever read these things (highly doubt it).  Other than that it's a pretty good game...but for $30, wait until it's on sale."
76561198131233208,Recommended,228300,15881858,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ly3451853,"It feels like a 3D version of an excellent side scroller.  Glad I bought it on-sale. It's just not a world I felt free to explore, it almost plays like an obstacle  course. I really appreciate that it doesn't feel like you are doing a bunch of chores/tasks; there's something sensible they did that removed this annoyance. I wish other games would do the same."
,Not Recommended,228300,15882349,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ashirogi Muto,The fighting system is clunky as hell and the camera angles re simply trashy.  The story is good and the graphics are pretty but the execution of trying to do anything its just♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,228300,15882806,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The A-tron,"I was really looking forward to this game before it launched, so I had a blast with it. The setting is memorable and unique, and the characters are fun, albeit some of them a bit too silly and needlessly complicated or weird by default. The only thing I wish the game had more of was the fight lab, it was very fun and I am hoping for a sequel to get more depth from this area of the game. Playing around with peoples memories was a blast, excellent game."
76561198038595861,Not Recommended,228300,15902205,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Fredemo,"I just want to play a game, not watch a movie..."
,Recommended,228300,15663551,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,xboxhobo,"I would say you should get this game on sale. It has some really cool game mechanics that I think are worth the experience, but the game isn't worth full price."
,Recommended,228300,14065735,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,bela03,"I don't get why people are so critical about this. There is not a lot of action games which are not packed full of shooting and guns and/or medieval times. This made me aprieciate Remember me more.It has an outstanding story, we are guided by a guy who suddenly started talking to us, we have never seen him but everyone seems to know him. Nothing revolutionary, but when we add character development than it gets interesting and of course there are some great story twists. I also loved when Nilin will run through a scary place, she will look behind her back and when it was raining she would get wet. Simple things but made me happy.Everything is set in the Neo Paris, it's a great place, pretty far in the future but we don't see flying cars and everything, apart from memory hacking, is believable. But, there comes the bigest disappointment for me, level design. I wanted it to be more like Mirror's  Edge, when you still have a little choice of the route and you have markers where to jump, but it doesn't feel so  constricted. Parkour could be a bit more challanging (I died once when climbing and it was because I walked through the wall). I was also not the biggest fan of places where I got attacked. Every time I walked into the arena-type place I knew something will jump on me.When it comes to battle system - I loved it. Many games introduce everything in the beginning and there is always one powerful attack that is enough to know to kill everyone. In some games I don't even need to know how to dodge  if I press LMB quickly. Remember me  made me learn and appreciate combos, but if you use just the simplest one -3xLMB then I hear you, game could be boring. Part of the fun for me was trying to get the biggest combo and it was harder then in most games when speed is the most important and I used special abilities which I don't usually do. I've seen people comparing this battle system to Batman's but I don't agree. In Batman I didn't have to  use dodge or combinations just hit fast enough and it got boring quickly.When it comes to boss fights, I like that they were topic-related. I don't think they were boring, but after a while followed a pattern.I would recommend this game to everyone bored of shooting and sword fighting, but not if you're looking for the next Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,228300,13982098,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sentrix,Whilst flawed there is many remeeding qualities in this game. Firstly the art style is amazing and while I wish it was alot less linear and more open I am astounded the level of detail for a new IP. I am not really familiar with button smashers but this game I found much better on a controller and while simple I enjoyed the fluid combat. Camera angles and some navigation felt cumbersome but I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a game that is cheap and has some really interesting elements. Also the remix levels are really awesome and something I have not seen a game do at all!
76561198059821116,Not Recommended,228300,15894415,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,laosurvey,"Controls are clunky, the writing is cliche.  I'm not a big fan of games that rely on 'camera screw' to make it interesting.  Concept is interesting but the execution isn't good."
,Not Recommended,228300,15894527,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Luca,"Okay, overall, I thought this game had a good concept, okay execution, and pretty good voice acting.Possible mini-spoilers so please read at your discretion.If you're looking for a game with a beautiful word, you'll find it in the city of Neo-Paris. But what disappointed me upon first play was that the world was not as interactive as I thought it would be, considering how much detail went into interesting rooms and objects that you merely passed by during gameplay. Like the robots that scatter around the city of Neo-Paris. I wish they served more of a purpose within the game because they're everywhere, but they're not mentioned at all in the storyline.To be honest, everything about this game felt like a half-full & half-empty glass of milk. After the first major secret of Nilin's past was revealed, most of the rest of the game became predictable. I liked Nilin as the main protagonist, but I believe that a lot of the side characters just lacked reason for their actions, or they just... weren't very convincing as villains or stricken heroes. The reasons didn't convince me and felt forced. And also, I felt like the game was trying to do TOO much. There were too many things that the game wanted to include in the story and that's where all the stuff fell flat because it got boring after awhile, and the story seemed overstretched. Instead of episodes and quantity in information, they should've gone with quality and precise information. The explanation of some back characters also weren't very clear, and a lot of characters who were important in one episode were forgotten for the rest of the game or came back at awkward or weird parts of the story. The messy use of the side characters kinda made me confused and bored as well because frankly, after that character was gone so long, I had stopped caring about them and any character deaths weren't very sad for me. And the emotions and relationships felt fake since we only saw that character once or twice before so there was not really much of a connection that had me emotionally invested in the game.Anyway, that's just some of the bad things that I had to get off my chest. Regarding the good things, like I said, the world is very beautiful. The first major plot twist was very interesting (though the rest proved predictable afterwards). Nilin was excellent as a main protagonist suffering from amnesia, and I thought that was very clever because we, as the players, could learn along in the game as she did. The mechanics of the memory remixes were very fun because I made♥♥♥♥♥♥go wrong just for the heck of it, and I wish they included more options for the memory remixes to create more outcomes. Either way, I really liked the whole ""memory hunter/remixer"" thing going on. Another thing I really liked was the parkour stuff, climbing walls and scaling odd structures. Wish they could've also incorporated more of that actually...Anyway, I'm really in-between in the game. I think it's a good game to play once, but even then, I don't think it's a very memorable game other than its interesting concept and pretty art. I'd recommend getting it on a sale if possible."
76561198012352024,Recommended,228300,15894531,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,PandaShock Games,"Amazing story, fantastic fighting mechanics and a creative world. 5/5"
,Recommended,228300,16007108,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zen Stork {{,+. Memorable soundtrack (recorded from a live orchestra).+. Vivid and detailed atmosphere.+. Interesting plot points.+. Some creative non-combat gameplay mechanics that tie well into the story.+/-. Average combat system.-. Mostly linear level design and character advancement.= Definitely worth it at $30 or less.
,Not Recommended,228300,16007977,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,treebeard60,"If you are a dedicated gamer,you might like it.If like me you buy on a whim,(nice artwork;good soundtrack  etc),then don't bother with this."
76561197993552273,Recommended,228300,15959323,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ItsyJam,"I loved the story, music and graphics of this game. The whole SENSEN concept is really cool and I can see the devs created a world that is really possible in our future, which makes it more fun and exciting. Only complain I have is that the game is a bit too linear and that it closes doors behind you constantly so you cannot go back to find missing SAT patches unless you replay the episode. I also would have liked more fighting overall. The fights were very good but a bit scarce."
,Not Recommended,228300,15959876,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DeathStriker_6666,"Some decent art and you can tell some cool ideas were tossed around.  But in the end the game is ""meh"" in almost every way."
76561198163148477,Recommended,228300,15960111,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,This is a beautiful game. One of the most beautiful Ive played. Nillan's♥♥♥♥♥is also spectacular. The gameplay is not fantastic. Its really basic stuff. This is a relaxing sci-fi adventure. Good fun.
76561198052961068,Not Recommended,228300,15929327,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[ITA]lock3r,"Boring: there are no other words to describe this game. They had a nice combo system broken down by a silly level design and most important a camera management that comes directly from the early 2000. It sucks, no other words to describe it. An enormous potential destroyed by old game design: no physics, only scripts, the world is not coherent (i.e. you can make 6meters long jumps and a 30cm barrier can stop you, wtf?), the story it-self is not coherent.I waited kinda 2 years to play it, I payed 5€ and it is not worth it, not even 5 euros.Do not buy it."
76561198003003979,Not Recommended,228300,15964697,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cohiba Skeeza,"Terrible game. In fact, I would not even classify this as a video game. It is more like an interactive story where you cannot skip the cutscenes. Combat system had some glimmer of hope but ends up being a bit lame.  Nothing else to say really."
76561197997283453,Recommended,228300,15967155,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,fernani0,"Good ""universe"" concept and cyberpunk names leaking brain, timmy green teeth lol"
76561197993194885,Not Recommended,228300,13507471,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GlacierNine,"If the action had been more straight up, earlier, this could have masked some big flaws in the game.As it is, it tries to take a ""deep"" and slow paced approach to introducing the setting and characters that just doesn't really give any reason to keep playing.Combat is slow, clunky, and ultimately, not very well controlled. Its very fluid, but only because really, for the most part you're just mashing a direction and the attack button and the game takes care of anything else including most of your camera or character orientation.  All the combos having the same timing makes this even worse.For PC users, mouse accelleration and smoothing is present in huge quantities and means camera control feels incredibly sluggish, while also tending to spin the camera way too far if you move too quickly.Great idea for a game. Terrible execution in every respect bar graphics."
,Recommended,228300,13518489,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gortag,"Filled with potential. A great sound track, fun action, and an interesting story. Remember Me deserves to be played and enjoyed by more people."
76561198099742160,Recommended,228300,13468599,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,VoidWalker,"Looks amazing on pc. Great storyline, gameplay mechanics and audio. 10/10."
76561197987743391,Recommended,228300,13794570,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Inkheart Artist,"I really enjoyed this game and totally recommend it. I think the only issue I have with it is that it could have used more of the outstanding elements it already had in place. When a game still feels complete, I feel like that's not the worst problem to have.My favorite thing about the game was the world it built and the depth of its realization. It feels like the developers left no detail unconcidered when designing Neo-Paris. There's a wealth of information shown about the city's culture and how it was changed with the ability commoditize and rewrite memory. The most impressive thing was that they didn't stop there, the game left details on how outlawing firearms, the prevailence of androids, and how historical strife helped shape the world as well. The drawback to all of this is that most of this is not interactively shown in the game. You walk through the shopping districts and slums and you hear conversations the NPCs have regarding this world but the interaction between Nilin and all of it is relegated to looking. I've heard people had a problem with that and I guess its valid, I was fine with it and loved it anyway.As for gameplay, it's heavy on the adventure brawler. You make customizable combos with moves that have one of four effects, with supers that can camoflauge you, stun your enemies, make robots fight for you, ect and a long range memory ""gun"". I had fun with it but it could have used more depth, maybe some integration with the memory remixing would have made it into something totally outstanding.Now, the memory remixing is probably the most interesting gameplay mechanic of this game. Taking pivotal events in a persons life and rewriting them to suit your needs was interesting, unique, and fun. It was great, I only wish there was more of it in the game (hence the wish of finding a way to integrate it into the combat)Finally, the visual design was absolutely excellent. It was cohesive, driven, and well delivered in a way that fit the story and world perfectly. I really enjoyed the story with the only issue being that it seemed to waver occasionally to the side of camp when it really didn't need to which led to a few lines that had me roll my eyes when they were delivered.I played through this on the PS3 and then got it on Steam to play it again and I'm considering a 3rd play through to get all the collectibles. That's really rare for me to do that these days and on that merit alone this game deserves my whole hearted seal of approval. Give it a try if it sounds interesting to you."
76561198065862961,Recommended,228300,13797403,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,harding.tj,Great graphics. Great action. Great story. Great plot twists. Its win win win. Love it !
76561197966887901,Recommended,228300,9967510,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,-=[EB]=- Jonxor,"Wow, I'm only an hour or two into this game and it's very well done.  Gripping story, great gameplay mechanics.  Well mixed musical cues and it's not sticking T and A in your face."
,Recommended,228300,13820100,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rogue,"Highly underrated game in my opinion. If there was ever a game that felt like a spiritual successor to Beyond Good and Evil, this is it.My only complaint comes from awkward camera angles making themselves known."
,Not Recommended,228300,13820350,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,daltinh,"A game that was mediocre at everything it tried, couldn't manage to keep difficulty consistent, and tried to create climactic moments at the end of every single chapter. Add that to the gimmicky combat and it might as well have given itself a death sentence. The story was good but despite having finished it I don't know if it was worth having played the game. All in all it ends up in the games that I don't necessarily regret having played but it's also not particularly memorable"
76561198033151940,Recommended,228300,13678994,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dee,"I finished game and I must say this game is totally underrated. Great story,music, amazing scifi world and background of Neo Paris, game looks great full of graffiti arts and beutiful main character, level design and the best of all is memmory mixing idea. I know game got some faults - enviroment is not interactiv,its classic corridor game and combat is not so perfect.But after all I truly enjoy game because of the story   8/10"
76561197964007796,Recommended,228300,13682574,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,brimu,"Visually terrific, story and details are very well made, fight mechanics can leave sour taste and much frustration. Overall it was great playing through it albeit several parts were most people will hit their head on the wall because it's not obvious what to do next."
,Recommended,228300,13769401,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DemonGoddess,"I love the setting and concept of the game. The story, combat mechanics and abilities are also very creative and refreshing. However, it was unfortunate that this game was a bit too linear and not as open world as I wanted since I was not able to remix anyone's memory for fun(imagine how cool that would be?). Otherwise playing through this game was a blast! Oh ya, the music and visuals are awesomeeeee too! But ya, this game is a must buy when it is on sale!!!"
76561197972844954,Not Recommended,228300,13759254,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vernon,Worst camera ever.
,Recommended,228300,12129618,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Neko_Baron,"I dont have a clue why this game isnt recommended more often, a good solid game with a fresh plot and a great art style, only downside is combos dont chain between enemies which can make it hard to finish a combo.I will be remembering this game."
,Recommended,228300,12089916,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Gabrie1b,"I took the time to read the steam user reviews as well as the typical ""web"" sources to get a good idea of what I was buying with ""Remember Me"" from Capcom and Dontnod Entertainment. Knowing early that the storyline was being praised very highly while the gameplay less so, I questioned some perspectives from a casual gamers point of view. As a dad I rarely get time to finish anything, much less devote as much as I would prefer to gaming. It is with this in mind that I can ""Highly"" recommend this game. My first impression was very strong. Solid story telling with superb presentation and execution is what you should expect. The action has been criticized as boring, repetetive and limited. I can't entirely disagree with this, but again I have neither the time to devote to perfecting the combo system devised nor finding every hidden object. It plays a tad like Batman Arkham mixed with Assassin's Creed (far less well thought-out might I add). Climbing in the game's environment feels alot like Assassin's Creed though far easier, VERY spelled out and limited/linear. Much more could have been done in the fighting and climbing engine, but again this isn't something that should deter one from the overall experience which just HAS to been seen to be believed.I can't stress enough how impressive and atmospheric this game is. Produced with a painstaking level of detail, certain parts of the game will astonish you upon you're first visit to many of the locations. I would also like to recognize the music of the game and if asked, I would describe it as ""frantic but well paced"". The music sounds more like a top-notch movie rather than the typical techno/rock dredge offered up on a modern action game. ""Highly Recommended!"""
76561198025668307,Recommended,228300,12090875,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,CJHRRIHRH,"Remember me is a decent sci-fi action platformer set in Neo-Paris. Memories are bought and sold and the company behind it all is into some shady stuff. That's basically all you need to know. the Main character Nilin escapes and begins to fight back, eventually she attempts to take them down.A lot of people seem to dislike this game and I'm not sure exactly why. Granted the fighting system, whle perfectly competent has been done better in other games, you'll notice this especially if you've played any of the Batman: Arkham series. The other thing which hurts the game is its linearity, mostly in the platforming climbing parts where you really should have been given more free reign to explore Neo-Paris as its a really cool setting.The graphics and style of the game are quite good. Also I enjoyed the story which has some enjoyable, if slightly predictable twists. The main character is interesting too, as you delve into her past.So I'd recommend if it's on sale, or if you think you can look past the flaws. It's a decent action game with a pretty good sci-fi story and an interesting setting that usually doesn't get explored in games, and to top it off there are some very good visuals too. Not for everyone but I quite enjoyed it."
76561198083707320,Recommended,228300,12092018,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Urban Gorilla,"Personal Rating: ""Grab it when on sale""Traditional Rating: 5/10Genre: 3rd Person Action/AdventureSet in a dystopian future, players assume the role of Nilin, a ""Memory Hunter"" who, ironically, has had her own memories stolen. Guided by the ever-present voice of Edge, the leader of the rebel group, Errorist Movement, Nilin must take down the Memorize corporation who, in controlling memories, effectively controls the population.I'm a bit of a sci-fi junkie, and the premise surrounding Remember Me is an interesting one. The futuristic setting of Neo-Paris is beautifully crafted, with great contrasts between the slums and affluent areas of the city, which makes the very linear nature of the game much more apparent. Sadly, exploring just isn't an option.The highlights of the game though, are definitely the ""Memory Remix"" scenes, where players need to tweak certain aspects of a person's memory to alter it. Unfortunately, you're only presented with a handful of opportunities to attempt this, and I think the game would have been better if more of the focus was on remixing memories.Aside from synaptic DJing, Nilin is also an adept hand-to-hand combatant, and the combat system does allow for a bit of tactical fun once all the combos and unique ""S-Pressen"" moves have been unlocked. It's not exactly complex, but there is some added depth to the button mashing.Overall, I think Remember Me is an enjoyable game, without being an innovative one. I'm glad I was off the mark with my initial assumption. I'd certainly recommend this to sci-fi fans, since the setting and story were part of the appeal for me."
,Not Recommended,228300,12092985,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Arkanae,"Even at $5, this is a bad buy. If you like everything on rails... well, you will be in your element. The player has 0 autonomy: you do what the scenario planned for you... or there is no way to progress.On the technical side, this game is buggy as hell (hello camera collisions that prevent you from seeing anything of the fight you are currently in), has extremely ungainly control scheme on PC (it's obviously made to play with a controler... except I bough a PC VERSION, not a console version, so make it playable on a keyboard, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake), and is of extremely unequal difficulty. Most fights are ridiculously easy... except the boss fight, which are invulnerable to everything except a combo you are very unlikely to find by yoursel. If I have to trawl cheat forums to progress in the game... guess what: you suck."
,Recommended,228300,12094059,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DarkOwl,"I don't know why this game isn't more highly rated overall. It's a thoroughly competent and incredibly well made game.The visuals are stunning, with wonderful and evocative art direction throughout. There are many beautiful ""vista"" shots in the game, where you can just stand and marvel at the world that Dontnod have created. There are a few curious low-quality textures though, but nothing that spoils the mood.Audio and music are both top-notch, with The Philharmonia Orchestra providing a score which has been mixed in with a bit of glitchiness to perfectly complement the scale, emotion and theme.The plot is solid, and incredibly poignant. All the characters are complex and flawed, there are no scenery-chewing villains here. The ending is definitely poignant and a good resolution. No silly cliffhangers, and it's resolved in a way you may not expect.The gameplay is varied and interesting, but here I do feel the developers needed to communicate their intention more. The combat is based around four combos, and the modifiers you put on each attack (attack, health, cooldown and multiplier). The game intends for you to mix these modifiers up for the major situations. Boss fights in particular are actually more puzzles than combat - you need to figure out which combo modifiers will work best.For example, in the middle of the game you fight a boss who you pretty much *need* a certain power move for. However, the cooldown on it is insane - over two minutes! But, if you set up on of your combos with cooldown and chain modifiers, you can spend a bit of time running through that combo and it will reduce the time down significantly. Likewise, there's an enemy who if you just use the power gun on, they will regenerate - but if you use a combination of the smaller shot and save the larger shot for the right time, you'll be just fine.Also, when you dodge, you are intended to continue your combo. It becomes a bit of a memory game, and dodging artfully whilst maintaining those combos. If you aren't almost constantly making one of your combos, you're doing it wrong. Battles are mixed up frequently throughout the game, with varying combinations of enemies and environmental factors which require you to think ahead and readjust your strategy. It's just a shame the game didn't do more to actually explain itself, as if you try to play it like, say, Arkham City, you'll just get frustrated.Other gameplay involves some simple but enjoyable enough platforming, a bit of puzzle solving, and some narrative exploration. Sometimes though, the game is a bit too eager to block you into the next section and so you may miss one of the many collectables which increse your health or special abilities.The game's major unique feature, the memory remix, is fantastic. There are only four, but they are clever and interesting and really do need to be experienced.I think this is the kind of game you will really enjoy if you liked Mirror's Edge, Chronicles of Riddick, Alpha Protocol (another vastly underrated game imho). It's intelligent, and deserves more recongition. You should absolutely give this wonderful game a chance."
,Not Recommended,228300,12094760,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Damingo,"A beautiful looking game with an interesting story that is really let down with on-rails climbing and very clunky combat. As you progress through the start of the game you wonder what the fuss is all about. Then you hit the first boss fight and it all comes crumbling down. The awkward controls, the horrible fight camera. And the frustration kicks in.Oh and look out for the never welcome quick time events that come out of asbolutely nowhere. Truly awful."
,Recommended,228300,12145378,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Dingus S>Pg1 B>Chromatics,"I really enjoyed this game. It was visually stunning, had an amazing story/plot, and a great female protagonist. That being said the actual gameplay wasent great it could have been but it wasent. Besides altering peoples memmories which was mind blowing and extremely detailed the rest of the game was quite tedious. Long often cutscenes, repetitive annoying leaper encounters of constant button mashing, drawn out boss battles that became a quicktime nightmare, a confusing combo menu, and a hard to traverse world were all things that made me want to stop playing out of fustration. If this game had stuck to what it was great at instead of trying to do everything it could easily be a favorite of mine and have alot more replayability."
76561197992997310,Recommended,228300,12145564,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Zoran,"Glad I've played it.Pros:* Beautiful Graphics.* Get to Modify Peoples Memories (sub-game).* Interesting Take on a Combat System.* Nice Story. Bit cliché, but still better than most games.* Lots of production value.Cons:* Purely Linear Gameplay (total rail).* No Mouse Control in UI (console experience; cheap port)."
,Recommended,228300,10144308,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ElHiggz,"While the combat and platforming is mediocre to subpar, the story and memory remixing mechanics are a treat to experience. Get this if it's on sale and you want a very cool story!"
76561198038183249,Recommended,228300,10164910,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,3fishes,"Simply an amazing game.  Great soundtrack, graphics, and storyline.  As well, I saw a loading screen exactly 0 times.  Extremely well made, and a great game.  Would recomend to anyone."
76561198028224719,Recommended,228300,3860047,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,staticXorcism,"This game had tons of potential but came off feeling a bit like a WIP Indy game lacking the Q&A of some of the larger companies.  If you can get past some of the quirks, the somewhat clunky combat and random bug or glitch, it’s actually not a bad game.  I’m a sucker for a good story and will play through a game with a solid storyline even if the graphics or performance are wanting, and this was no exception.  The female lead is attractive and engaging; spectacularly voiced which oddly enough was somewhat distracting when interacting with some of the subpar to almost bad acting by minor and/or supporting characters.  The memory remixing was a really amazing idea, but it happened in the game so rarely it felt almost as if they should have just made the sequence a cutscene.  The combat system was a bit awkward and felt more reactive than proactive—almost like I spent more time dodging than actually dealing damage—but being able to customize your own combos to regenerate health, do more damage or reduce the cooldown on your more powerful abilities was actually a refreshing change.  Unfortunately I found that once I had a setup I liked I didn’t bother with the Combo Lab except to remind myself of the sequences.  The final boss fight felt out of place—almost as if it was put there just to be there, with no real bearing on the story.  I understood why (storyline), just not… why (encounter).Bottom line it was an acceptable game with wonderful lead character that unfortunately didn’t reach its true potential.  Is it worth buying? For full price, no.  Steam Sale? $10-$15 sure—provided you want to be told a story and are fine with the aforementioned quirks."
,Recommended,228300,10088474,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Messmon,"Beautiful, inspired visuals, a unique and efficient combat system, and puzzles that actually took thought. This was the first game in quite a while where I actually had to use a pen and paper, and I really did not expect that. The game looks good at first glance, and is even better once you play it. I would LOVE to have an open-world game in this setting and with these gameplay mechanics. I'd love to have a sequel to this in any case, really."
,Recommended,228300,10092125,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,blaowser,"If you ever wanted to root for an underdog game, this might be a contendor. Not liked by the public or professional reviewers, A first time AAA studio that couldn't sell a bi-ethnic female protaganist, a distributor who's projects have been met with mixed reviews and at the end of the day a game that seemed to undershoot its  sales expectations.Ladies and Gentlemen... ""Remember Me""If haven't read a review yet,This game looks and feels great. If you want a fast paced Sci-fi action adventure that centers around it's story and doesn't lead you far from changing the world. This is the game for you. Combat system with a learning curve, fully voiced, and bring one of the strongest original soundtracks in a modern game, This is an incrediblly slept on game with tons of potential.If you have read the general negative buzz, let me respond to three of the points that seemed to be harked on the most. Linear level design, clunky controls and uninspiring combat.1. The game is to linear- Fair. The game is built with linear levels with hiddens areas for collectables. I didn't think linear gameplay is nesessarily a bad thing merely a design choice. The game is supposed to play like a cinematic action/ Sci-fi movie. Cutscenes aren't tremendously long the game and quick time events are at a minimal. You aren't going to feel like you are playing Xenosaga or Heavy rain though, this is still very much an action game. But in reality the game's audio and voices are fully realized and it really is a treat to sit back and enjoy the experience.The story is the driving force and sticking to it plays to its importance. Ever hear people complain about doing remedial tasks when you should be saving the world? Like  running off the beaten path to catch someone's chickens (zelda). This game alleviates alleviates those issues by keeping things important and relevant.Now if you simply don't like that idea, then this game isn't for you, But in my opinion linear games in a 3d environment is a matter of taste not a design flaw.2. Controls- I have read many reviews about clunky and glitched controls. I have played through the game 4 times and have only had two minor glitches that did not effect gameplay. As far as clunky I completely disagree. hitting buttons feels precise and having a dodge that can be activated on hit or on block makes Nilin (our protaganist) feel fast and light on her feet. But i think I might understand why people may not like the platorming...Since the game is a very visual experience, climbing, jumping and navigating when in platforming mode, Nilin has tons of unskippable animation. If you are in a rush to complete jumping from one ledge to another, then you are just going to feel a bit slow in this game. But moving speed on objects can be rushed so if you choose to play with a sense of urgency, you may, otherwise you will be moving at ponderous speed (most likely) enjoying the background. It may be slow, but you will rarely ever get missed or delayed inputs once you are acustomed to the pacing.3. combat- People complain that it is rather simplisitic. I disagree. Maybe the animations you choose for nilin's attacks seem unconsequential, but the added benefits are highly important. dealing more outright damage (causing override), keeping healthy, or cooling you special down faster. there is a ton of strategy in your attack choices. Even deciding how long combos will be plays into the games meta game. Longer strings will be hard to pull off but will give added benefits in later hits. small strings will be very reliable but will award medicore benefits. Its the opposite of a fighting game mechanic, instead of hits meaning less near the end of string and scaling down. The benefits scale up incentivizing players to try longer strings. But admittedly I wish there were major diffrences in attack animation similiar to Clover Studio's ""God Hand"".But all in all I think this game generated unfair reviews in general. With Tons of interesting content, pretty visuals, and an amazing soundtrack. Remember Me might be the sleeper hit you missed."
,Recommended,228300,10049702,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Axel Aodh,"Remember Me is a game full of beauty and intrigue. It’s clear a lot of thought and hard work was built not only to craft an interesting world to inhabit, but also explore. It’s really too bad the mechanics and story weren’t up to par for the task.Remember Me is a action-adventure-brawler that takes place in the year 2084 in a heavily cyberpunk inspired city of Neo Paris. In this world a new technology exists that allows memories to be exchanged, modified and removed, allowing citizens to remove unpleasant memories and replacing them with good ones. Nearly everyone in society has taken up that opportunity.The player plays as Nilin, a member of the “Errorist” movement fighting to get rid of said technology that they believe has enslaved much of society. The game starts up with the player tuning in just as Nilin seems to be having her memory removed rather painfully. As far as amnesia as a narrative framing goes, this one is at least somewhat interesting. From here the player is guided mostly linearly throughout the rest of the game, which consists of alternating between competent melee combat and samey exploration.Basic combat is handled by using different combinations of the X and Y button on the XBox controller. While fighting Nilin automatically locks on to a nearby opponent, though the game never really explicitly tells the player which opponent you’re locked on to. Switching between enemies is simple, as moving the left analogue stick in the general direction of an opponent causes the player wants to start attacking them. In my experience though switching to a new opponent ended any combo I was in the middle of, which can be a pretty big problem. More on that a bit later.Besides combos the player also has special attacks that are used once they have enough energy that is gained through attacks on the enemy or when Nilin is attacked. The first special attack unlocked is pretty standard and makes Nilin faster and more powerful allowing the player to jam on whatever buttons they want for a few seconds and generally do a lot of damage. This is useful for clearing out enemies, but little else. Another stuns enemies for a while allowing the player to get in a few good combos. My favorite ability allows the player to turn invisible for a brief period and take out any one enemy before becoming visible again, a power I used as frequently as allowed later in the game.The special attacks are critically important to the game later on as enemies become stronger and more plentiful, or have some sort of effect that makes attacking them less effective. This would be neat, if they allowed the player to use special attacks more frequently. After the activation of a special attack the player cannot use it again until a cooldown has ended. This in itself isn’t a bad idea, except in a lot of cases the cooldown was so high that it made combat pretty frustrating, especially when the special attacks is the most fun part of the combat.As the player progresses through the game they unlock combos and “Presence” through gaining “Presence Points.” The combo systems is unlike anything I’ve seen before. Each presence corresponds to a specific button press that is used in combat, which is then equipped to a button press in any of the combos. For example, if I unlocked a presence labeled as “X” I could equip it to any part of a combo where the button “X” would be pressed. What this does is vastly change the effect of any of the combos.In total there are only four combos throughout the entire game ranging from three button presses to eight. When the player earns enough PP they can unlock one of four kinds of Presence. The first Presence unlocked gives each hit a bit extra damage, allowing the player to disorient enemies and finish them off for some extra PP. The second gives the player a small health boost with every hit. The third reduces the cooldown time for any special attack currently in a cooldown phase. The final is a sort of enhancement presence that enhances the presence for the previous button press in the combo.The different kinds of presence can be stacked in a row for greater effect allowing the player to define exactly what each combo is really good for, or allow them to make a specific combo a sort of catch all for everything they could hope to want. Though, because of the ability to gain health during combat, I only ever died once through the entire experience while I played on the medium (recommended) difficulty setting.The problem with this system arises when the player actually gets into combat. Typically while in combat the player has several opponents, and they tend to gather near the player. This causes the scenario to occur where the player is attacking an opponent when another opponent starts to attack them. Thankfully when an enemy is about to attack there is a clear indication over their head, and a simple press of the A button causes the player to dodge out of the way and keep the lock on their current enemy. However, I’ve found dodging out of the way inconsistently ends the combo I was in the middle of. Most of the time I only ever completed one of the larger combos when I was fighting a single enemy on their own. Every other time I had to deal with using a smaller combo I knew I could finish off before being attacked.Overall, the combat felt entirely too stiff and mechanical. It gave me very few chances to feel like I was pulling off cool moves since I was being interrupted so frequently. It often seemed that enemies were designed to only start attacking while I was in the middle of an active combo. The special moves helped with getting some enemies off my back, but the most useful ones took so long to recharge and the combos that I had set to reduce the cooldown were so constantly interrupted combat felt drawn out and frustrating.There are a handful of boss battles, but a good majority of them involve the player fighting hordes of enemies while the boss takes pot shots at them from afar. The boss battles are painfully extended, mostly because there are only key moments where damage can be dealt or require a special attack to end it’s cooldown time. At the end of each boss battle there is a quick time sequence with timed button presses and occasionally some button mashing. The best thing I have to say about the QTE in this game is that it isn’t offensive and I only ever failed one once.Between combat the player spends a lot of time navigating the environment. This includes a lot of climbing over ledges, jumping over pits and shuffling along building edges. This wasn’t bad per se, but I never felt like this was particularly interesting. These sequences are almost entirely linear in nature and rarely have any sense of urgency. There are a small amount of collectibles scattered around like health and special power boosts, as well as small amounts of information on the world. The former is often given away with hints that show the location of the boost from a different angle. Though frequently the location of the boosts are so obvious that the need for a hint can feel almost insulting.There is a lot more to this review, but I couldn't fit it all here. If you want to see it all, check it out at the following link:http://axelaodh.tumblr.com/post/85092390521/game-review-remember-me"
76561198080659284,Recommended,228300,10051560,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Karkadann,"A fast paced game with lots of action and a nice story to bring it all together. The game picks up modern topics of a digital world and its problems and yarns a neat story thread out of them. It has potential to be more than just a strong linear jump and fight game with some puzzles but that is all this game is about. Do not get me wrong: you need accuracy, timing and reactions to pass the action aspect of the game and some power of deduction to solve the puzzles, but do not be afraid as you are able to get help if needed. Nevertheless, the story is interesting, I always wanted to know how things evolve finally; the story has its turnarounds and its surprises and in the end I felt it was all too short, but -- the advantage is that the story has no slumps and gets to the point quickly.If you like a good story and action coupled with it, then the game is worth a try.One word to the handling of the camera and character: it was overall ok and playable, at some points it has its flaws and can be an obstacle, although not too frustrating; the frequent auto-saves were also able to remedy this and be a last resort if one were unlucky."
,Recommended,228300,10051767,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Your One True Lord @i61,"Remember me is an interesting game for sureYou're confronted with brilliant scenery and a wonderful environment from the startIt's a shame that you're bound to such a linear path throughoutMix this with a story which, at parts can be predictable, can keep you captivated and make you want to play moreIt's a great storyline, if you let yourself fall into it, with a brilliant world concept that is sure to play with your emotionsDespite this I feel the gameplay is far too repettitive and can detract from the experinceHowever this is a trap I feel most brawlers fall into and so I can't criticise Remember Me too much for itOverall a good game. The linear path throughout and repettitve gameplay have a negative effect on the overall experience, but I feel that the breathtaking visuals and arresting soryline make up for most of these flaws"
76561198029569052,Recommended,228300,3947262,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Motoko_Takai,"This game... First of all Part 2 plz ^^Gem of 2013: some disliked it, some liked it the more they played, some found it to be overlooked; and I am and the far latter.Single Player narrative beat em up; best music Ive heard in a game to date (dynamic music btw), linear, platforming, fighting, puzzle solving, qt events (eww but few)... was diffucult! (1rst playthrough on hardest intial difficulty). Graphically; well, hats off to artist/design team, look at some screenshots...just wow, polished and optimized.Story... well written mystery that was unpredictable, interesting chars and avatar. Envoked emotion, had social (yes progressive social) elements that were not forced on the user... just given. Games like this I welcome very much. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,13242074,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gmork,"Remember Me looks amazing, features a great soundtrack and has a compelling story, but the sluggish clunky gameplay turns the game into a chore rather than a fun experience."
,Recommended,228300,13037072,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,2Pac-Man,Amazing button masher game! With quite a few qwerks that make it truly unique. Worth the buy.
,Recommended,228300,1307247,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,FluffyBunny,Rare to find a good game these days with good writing.  Up there with Mirror's Edge.
76561198009306209,Not Recommended,228300,11515743,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,orangefsh,"Excellent art design.Terrible combat.Terrible dialogue.Terrible voice acting.Terrible camera.Do yourself a favor, google 'Remember Me' and look at the screenshots and save yourself the $5"
76561198008744543,Recommended,228300,11698182,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,Has the cyberpunk athmosphere down pat.  Five stars.
76561198147533381,Recommended,228300,11788954,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,captnkates,"{This game was fantastici found that even with the combat issues and lack of ability to explore this game incredibly good.i thought that the story was worth the pain of poor controls and overall clunkyness  of the game.dont get me wrong the combat is very repetitive and annoying. at somepoints i would just be fighting horde after horde and the boss battles were predictible after the first two. but i still love this game. the core idea of the game is very stong and well presented. i would have loved to explore the world of neo paris and even nillin's past and frankly id have no objection to a prequel or sequel.so back to the point, im not exactly a seasoned hardcore gamer so i dont get as annoyed with the controls and combat as much as others. but it does get annoying. the game is well done and i would recommend it.if youre willing to look beyond the obvious flaws in the game i think youll find a gem like i did."
,Recommended,228300,11778870,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,pixelgryph,"I got this game on sale and, for the past 6 to 7 hours, I've played through it.Lemme tell ya, what this game lacks with its simple, sometimes repetitive combat system, it makes up with its story. It's a unique twist on the ideal world society strives to achieve, and the consequences of those actions.Overall, I'd rate this game 8/10. The story and music is great (though it can be a bit too linear for some); the combat is just alright-- in later stages you'll find yourself mashing the same combos over and over again to defeat tougher and tougher foes.Definitely give this one a try."
,Recommended,228300,10974382,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,⌘ZᶌжɨЭ♊ЯцṂФГ♅,"This  game is what claims a cyberpunk game is. A story that has discovered a way to collect memories and turn it into a monopoly and as currency. The environment and atmosphere gets a thumbs up on. The music is very surreal to the gameplay and storyline.The gameplay is a 3D beat 'em up style and also has a few unique gameplays like remixing an enemy's memory and has some parkouring. It's as if they combined Batman and Uncharted and made this little gem. There are some unique gameplays like remixing memories. Meaning that you have to alter their memory to make them side with you...but that happens once...The downside about this game is that the story is very short. That's disappointing, I was really getting into the story. I was expecting some build up to the story, recycle some of the unique gameplays, or maybe have some plot twists into the story but nope it ended without nothing went wrong. I really hope they release an add-on for this game or make a sequel."
,Recommended,228300,11600848,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Taki,One of the mos underrated games ever. Beautiful & immersive soundtrack. Recommended.
76561197997861496,Recommended,228300,11576627,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jakecou,Combat tries to be Batman Arkham level but doesn't get anywhere close.  Graphics and presentation are great and the story is great.  Glad I ignored the reviews and played it.
76561198051150714,Recommended,228300,11609920,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,UmbraIncendion,"When I started this out I figured it would be more or less something interesting to play.  I did not expect to eventually grow to adore this game.  I don't know why it stands out to me so much, but I definitely recommend playing it.  If nothing else, I love the story, if you play it you will find out why.  Remember you soon!  (Also, I beat this offline.  So my time isn't on record.  I spent a good 12 or more hours on this game while on the train.)"
,Recommended,228300,11624370,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Omnipotron,"This game does a good job with familiar game mechanics while presenting a really good looking, futuristic environment and a good story.This version of the future has everyone with a special device installed in the back of their heads.  The device allows them to see virtual signage (lots of which you'll see), selectively replay memories, or purchase new ones to experience for themselves.  The main character, Nilin, is a memory hunter, an agent who infiltrates or invades different environments in order to steal or alter the memories of a target person, usually to influence big business to the benefit of the client.  This is a cool and strange consequence of the whole memory market that this game presents.  Things go wrong when Nilin wakes up in prison without her memories, a common punishment in this society.The two main aspects of the game are, simply put, fighting and athletic traversal.  Thankfully, you're never doing both at once.  There's really nothing to the athletics.  You guide the Nilin to predetermined holds along ledges, walls, and ladders, trying to get to the next point in the story.  Points to grab on to are highlighted nicely.Fighting is an assorment of strikes done via predetermined combinations of X and Y buttons, as well as some super powered maneuvers that you earn throughout the story.  Interesting, though, is you assign different punches and kicks to your combos for one of three effects: damage, health recovery, or super recovery.  Customising these combos is a nice little puzzle.  And getting the results you want in combat--like recovering health by striking weaker opponents and maximizing damage on harder opponents--is really satisfying.  Frustrating, though, is the inability to spread the combo among multiple targets; changing targets mid-combo means you have to start the combo over.  (Personal side note: lots and lots of games are relying on guns to defeat enemies, often addining a minimum number of gimmicks.  It's very cool to see all the martial arts and hear different things besides tired gunfire.)Different enemy types and different super maneuvers eventually make combat more and more interesting and challenging.  It's fun, but doesn't drastically change the genre.Somewhat changing the pace are sections where you play through a person's memory, rewinding as necessary, to manipulate certain predetermined aspects with the goal of changing the person's conclusion about the event.  These are amusing, since changing certain things can cause different outcomes that don't represent a solution and yet you still get to see the result anyway.  Mildly entertaining; neither welcome or unwelcome.Overall, gameplay should be familiar for avid game players and the real draw should be the environments and story.  I really felt the desire to understand who Nilin was and why her mysterious benefactor placed such an importance on her mission.  All the while, seeing all the ultra modern society made it really cool and inviting.  Shamefully underated; recommended."
,Recommended,228300,11644681,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Infern,These are the reason you should buy this game:- Amazing revealing storyline.- The game slowly unlocks new abilities so you feel progression.- Ability to remix memories (with different unexpected outcomes)- Collectibles (Requires exploration)- Achievements (if you are that achievement ♥♥♥♥♥)- A song that only activates in combat if you are doing well.- Freaky Robot dudes (you'll see)- A unique style of graphic fidelity.- Robot ♥♥♥♥♥s (For all those automated needs)- People with disfigured facesThe only thing that might put you off is the combat.The combat is kind of clunky as it requires you to follow a pattern with a beat to get what you want.Other than that it's really amazing.
76561197998616312,Recommended,228300,11651162,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Calis,"Like the game, if only it would stop making me naseous after ten minutes would be swell"
,Not Recommended,228300,11500297,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Thiefy,"The game is riddled with game breaking bugs. I've had five bugs occur that makes it crash to desktop. It also hates windows 8.1. If you have a newer PC, do not buy this game as it will cause more frustration than fun."
76561198049174482,Recommended,228300,11555917,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,rmitchelljr,"An outstanding work of interactive audio and visual art.  Although I do NOT normally play third person perspective games, this one was well worth the time and money.  If you are Deus Ex and/or Fallout 3 fan then, you will love this!  This games' story line is linear, very well thought out, and will not disappoint.  And, the graphics are just amazing!  In fact, I look forward to playing it again to accomplish more the achievements.There have been many complaints about the controls.  I am a PC gamer who uses a keyboard and mouse.  The controls felt good and worked just fine.  They (the controls/visual perspective) took some time to get used to but, once familiar the enemiy attacks are fun to  dodge and avoid.  If you are using a game controller, this game will definately test your hand/finger coordination,  dexterity, and stamina!  In my opinion, the controls are fine and work very well for this game.Excellent Game!  5 Stars!"
76561197967623611,Recommended,228300,11571500,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SanGrail,"I Wanted to like this game. some of the things it was trying to do really got me interested. but then i would feel let down where i felt they cut corners.i recommend it as worth a go, but only ona  $5 special or simliar."
,Recommended,228300,11582987,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Quantum Blade_ep,"A rather enjoyable 3rd person action game with sparse puzzle elements. Wasn't sure how much I was going to enjoy this one, but it was actually very good. Well made, with good mechanics and an interesting story. I definantly recommend this one!"
,Recommended,228300,11705796,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Makoo,"This game is better most give it credit for and it's a quite fun game with an interesting story.The world and the aesthetic is really the edge in this game and what makes it stand out, that as well as it's combo lab system and memory remixing really gives it a punch.There are sure some flaws throughout the game,  most of them tied to the game mechanics and how combos work.The combo system was an interesting idea and could have been fantastic but it falls short.Most of these issues however are easier to spot on the harder difficulties.It's a damn shame that the memory system is not used more because that and the story mixed with the world design is what makes the game great and could have made it close to fantastic and with a more polished fighting system would have been even better."
,Recommended,228300,11736132,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,greatclodes,":)Cool and to the point. Entertaining story and combat system. Great boss battles-_-Story is not that original, charcters are kind of stiff in animation and expression, and cliché. Although, they're not that bad. Some voice actor are awesome, some are not that much....>:(Though fun, the combat system is quite stiff and repetitive. The impossibility to continua a combo between different enemies is an issue, it really messes up your battles. Some camera issues, some glitches that mke some fights very hard when they trigger, some plot holes. The hang-and-jump navigation in the map is an Assassin's creed ripoff.Even so, id' recommend it, for a short 9 hour game, it's worth your time, but it certainly isn't all that much."
76561197975803960,Recommended,228300,11507147,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Malkavian,The story is great. There are some parts in this game that hit you right in the... feelings. I enjoyed the combat system and the ability to customise my combos. I'd play again.
,Recommended,228300,11512533,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dremlar,"This game had quite a great story to go through. Your character has had their memory removed and they are as puzzled as to what is going on as you are. The fighting in the game is fluid for the most part but sometimes with the amount of enemies they add the combo system can become fairly annoying to get a full chain. The boss fights are all fairly unique. Each boss fight ends with a quick time event of you kicking, punching, jumping, or actioning at the right time but if you fail you just have to fight the boss a little longer and try again. Overall, the games story is what will pull you in on this game. The fighting will keep you around.So, what is wrong with it? This is what you really want to know. There are two issues I would like to call out. The first is memory remixing. You only remix a few memories in the game. It is one of the coolest things about the game but it is used only for certain characters. It was kind of a let down when I found this out. The other is that the game is too linear. You are in this big city and trying to get from point A to point B. There is only one path and it is always going to be obvious what it is. They hold your hand and throw in a few if you don't jump quickly you fall and have to start over sections to spice it up. Even with this it is worth the play through for the story."
,Recommended,228300,11108222,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lenguini,Unique with a well told story
76561198067330795,Recommended,228300,9757435,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,24,"Really good game.The combatsystem is very easy to understand and so combos are done with ease.Only the german synchronisation is a kind of buggy ... well mostly it looks fine.If you wanna play it on PC please use a gamepad cause it's horrible with keyboard!I would say 7/10 cause the story is very good, the gfx looks nice and the gameplay isn't hard to understandbut don't think this game is too easy^^"
,Recommended,228300,10785710,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"Really fun and a fairly decent story. Sometimes, though, the wonky camera angles would make gameplay difficult--especially in the middle of fights. But overall I think it's a good game, if not a bit short."
,Recommended,228300,10796293,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hamdemon,"One of the best single-player games I have played in years. Camera sometimes lets the game down and the combat system can become slightly repetitive, but this is more than made up for by absolutely fantastic visuals and a great storyline. One of the most original titles in years. If I had to compare it to something I guess it would be somewhat similar to a futuristic memory-hacking version of Devil May Cry. Get it! :)"
76561197967312484,Recommended,228300,10681042,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mac_doggie,"I'm only just half way through this game, but I think it's great. It's like a shooter without guns. Fight your way through this game.  You unlock special attacks during the game and you can define your own combos. at certain points you can manipulate someones memory and make him do things differently, but be aware that this is not a key feature of the game. I read that this will only happen like 6 or 7 times during the game, but it's a nice detail in this game. The fighting system takes some time to figure out when to press the keys to activate your comos but once you get it it's not really difficult. Didn't get stuck so far."
,Recommended,228300,15977351,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,froguy❶❶❾,There was not a secret end of credit thingy after the very lengthy credits. Much dissapoint. Good game otherwise!
76561198051769697,Recommended,228300,15969749,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Enceladus,"I've got many feelings about this game. First of all, Neo-Paris is beautiful and hideous at the same time, the environment that we get to play in is simply stunning. I just wish we could explore more of it, but we cannot, because the game is EXTREMELY linear. There were many places I wanted to access, but the game simply didn't allow me to. You have to follow the path it provides you with and it's painful. A game such as this should allow players to discover at least small bits of the city and interact with characters. Unfortunately that's not how it is. The second big con is that combat is very boring and repetitive at first. It gets more complex and involving once you unlock more powers. The combo system is pretty creative but still I ended up repeating the shortest ones, because long combos are difficult to land without being interrupted. You will come across different enemies, but the variety of them isn't astonishing. Now let's move on to the biggest pros of this game. Visually it's stunning, I loved the aesthetics. Another big advantage of this game is the wonderful music, I'm going to listen to it on regular basis, it's really beautiful. Finally, the thing that I liked the most about Remember Me is the story. The writers deserve a medal, because the plot is the reason why this world is so interesting. It unwinds slowly, but once it reveals all it's secrets-you will feel bad for all the characters. It's a story about sorrow and regret. Neo-Paris is an utopia, where the citizens begin to lose their humanity. It's so touching, but at the same time gives a lesson that bad things will be happening no matter what you do. Do I recommend Remember Me? Oh hell yes, but keep in mind that it's not a game for you if you enjoy exploration. It's a game that you should play just to go through the amazing story. Remember you soon!"
,Recommended,228300,15980327,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Alchemist,"TL;DRVisual:Brilliant. This game is GORGEOUS with a wonderfully realised and unique sci fi aestheticMusic:Interesting digitally 'corrupted' orchestral score. Fits very well with the visual aesthetic.Narrative:Interesting thought provoking, overall it is pretty great. It falls short of its potential however, removal of repetitive and lengthy combat sections to have story and world building more competently integrated with the combat would have made this game better.Combat:Competent, but distracting from the plot and needlessly pads out sections. Leaving trash mobs and focusing on plot centric combat would have been preferable.With all of the poor ratings this game received I was a little skeptical going in but the concept was too intriguing to pass up. The concept of playing with memories, backing them up, remixing them, and using them to alter what a person is, was something that I found very compelling.Remember Me does its world building surprisingly competently, with a brilliantly realised visual aesthetic in a cyberpunk dystopic Paris. This extends to the sound track, an orchestral score which is subject to digital artifacts which fits in very well with the overall tone of the game. It also takes the idea behind the technology and runs with it pretty well, seeing what may come of such a technology. I would have liked the game to have gone further with this instead of having such a focus on the combat.The combat is an odd choice, it forgoes guns altogether and sticks with a  hand to hand combat system with the player unlocking attacks which they then construct into custom combos which can then have modified attributes (attacks can deal extra damage, charge up special abilities or heal the player). While this plays well, it does lead to a strange situation where a dystopic corporately controlled security forces wont engage you with more than a baton. Taking guns away does allow more focus on the technology and the story, but perhaps if the game spent more time on the narrative and exploration and characterisation, and less on a combat system, the game would have been for it.This brings me to the biggest issue, the characterisation and story is shallower than the central premise would lead one to believe. This is a great shame as I think it could have been a masterpiece if the focus had been on a narratively driven game, rather than trying to have beat-em-up arcade combat worked into it as well.Overall it wound up surprising me however and I would recommend it."
76561197977402938,Recommended,228300,15982799,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,hnoesekabel,"I constantly wanted to hug Nilin, and I am sure she would not appreciate that. Or maybe she remixed my memories...?Anyway, the story offers a few twists (surprising or not - depending on how familiar you are with storytelling techniques) and is, overall, well told and paced. Neo-Paris is a gorgeous setting, fusing the antique cityscape with high-tech architecture. Very beautiful to look at. Ambient sounds and voice acting add to the atmosphere.Characters behave consistently and have understandable motives. As Nilin has lost her memories, she starts to question her mission as she regains them, making for a good character arch.Moving through Neo-Paris works rather well, the controls are console-y, yet the animation is smooth and camera angles are well chosen, adding to the mood. Generously distributed hints make it quite clear where to go next. Climbing around felt great, like Assassins Creed and Mirrors Edge.Combat worked well for me, too. Challenging, but not frustrating. Some fights require special abilities to proceed - should you be stuck too long, the game offers help automatically. You can mix your own combos with moves that deal damage, heal yourself, or shorted the timers on the special abilities, allowing you to tailor fights to your personal style of playing. Around mid-game, the 3-step combo of healing and timer-resets was my favorite one... Moving around the combat area, attacking and evading enemies is well animated and very fluid.As you play a memory hunter, you get to tap into people memories, and re-arrange them so certain key events are remembered differently. It is a nice integration into the game, and could have happened more often.While the game has a good flow, it is linear. There are no choices in the dialogues, and no choices regarding the actions of Nilin. On the other hand, this allows you to follow the storytelling a bit easier.Annoying bug: the audio system does not play certain sounds; I had to change my sound card configuration to stereo (from 5.1), then the in-game HUD messages played. Still some cutscenes were silent for me - activate subtitles, so at least you know what everyone is talking about.As the game is not overly long, you might want to wait for a discount. Especially on the Combo DLC, which gives you a few additional moves to add (I would not feel they are worth 4 EUR extra). Then if you play the game: give Nilin a hug from me."
,Not Recommended,228300,15849445,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Darksalchemist,"The combat in this game is terrible, it feels cheap. It is a lot like an arcade game such as Tekken, so if that's the kind of combat you're into then go for it. I think the reviews for this game as average or mediocre are spot on. Good thing I only spent 6$ although if I could get my money back I would."
,Recommended,228300,15778246,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Stormyness,"I've made it about 70% of the way through the game as of now, and man....this is epic. I'll keep it simple.Verdict: 9/10. Should be the FIRST game you pick up when there's a sale, or if you can't wait, 30$ isn't that bad. But you could probably find slightly better. On sale, though, BUY BUY BUY.Pros:- INCREDIBLE art direction.- Soundtrack is out of this world good. Like, for real, it's up there with my favorite soundtracks. Very future-esque feel.- Though the main character sometimes sounds like she's out of some modern shakespeare novel, there are moments where this story truly shines as a serious masterpiece.- Neo-Paris is jaw-dropping.- Graphics are very, very good. (Maybe it's just me - but Neo-Paris in the rain is so, sooooo cool.)- Memory Remixing is a very cool element - didn't think i'd like it, but seeing the cause vs. effect in them is cool.- Only 70% of the way through the story at about 10 hours, and i'm usually a fast-ish player.Cons:- Clunky controls. Not SUPER clunky, but enough to say ""Well, this is slightly annoying.""- NO STEALTH! :(- Fighting style does get repetitive after awhile - I did find myself having to take a break because of it, unfortunatly.- Very ""on-rails"" - there's not really much exploration, except for what they show you. I wish the game would let you explore ALL of Neo Paris. Now that would be absolutely incredible and probably make it my favorite game of all time.- Quicktime events don't serve boss fights justice.- Encountered 1-2 bugs during gameplay, and had to restart from a checkpoint. Good news is, you lose about 20 seconds most of the time. Not a big deal, but still.- Seems like there was a lot of potential in this game that was missing, possibly from a rushed game schedule? Capcom...TL:DR: Great game with a lot of potential possibly ruined by bad control design along with lack of exploration."
,Recommended,228300,11440032,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Aardvark150,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing Remember Me, and what it lacks due to its linear style is more than made up for by the beautiful soundtrack, gorgeous environments and enthralling storyline."
,Recommended,228300,11235732,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Taxus,"A really cool adventure, soundtrack is awesome , graphics are not nextgen but the art design totally compensates.Game is short, but if you can find a good sale on steam. You should buy it."
76561198119865175,Recommended,228300,11236436,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,tbxthebest,3fun5me
,Recommended,228300,11239306,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Blue_Briefs (mamayev),"really fun, interesting game.  Reminds me of Beyond Good and Evil, in a very good way."
,Recommended,228300,11105443,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,kid goes ham unbelievable,"one of the better stories you will find in a game unfortunately the gameplay is flawed. the combat which borrows heavily from the batman arkham games lacks some of what made the fighting inthat series so satisfying, its not awful and it gets better as the games goes on but it still could have been more fun. the remix sequences are really interesting and i wish it was expanded upon or there were more of them and maybe make them a little more open ended.the movement through the levels is incredibly linear and boring and gives you little room for exploration, just follow the orange arrows and thats it. enjoy the scenery.there are some interesting puzzles too but they are few and far between which is a shame.one of the strongest aspects of the game are the visuals. there are some really amazing spaces in the game whether its the cities of neo paris i think thats what they called it or the abstract sensen landscapes. lots of great details that arent immediately apparent. some cool architecture. the character design especially nillin is refreshing. enemy designs are a little uninspired though.but yeah the story is unusually good for a game, some crappy dialogue in places but thats whatever.in conclusion, remember me is a land of contrastsgood♥♥♥♥♥visuals, interesting story, cool music sounds, gameplay that is functional but lacking, some fantastic ideas that arent executed as well as they could have been. the remix stuff is gr8. lacks replay valueeeeeeee"
,Recommended,228300,11156107,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lt_Commander,"A great story and absolutely jaw dropping visuals (although texture and model quality falters under scrutiny) are offset by boring and frustrating fighting mechanics and overly easy to navigate platforming. Memory remixing is an incredible gameplay element that scratches the surface of interesting philosophical discussions; I wish they had more of that and less punching dudes in the face to regenerate health. The music is simply incredible, and the soundtrack is as worth a purchase standalone album.Being someone that likes story driven games and doesn't mind a well tailored linear experience, I had enough interest in finding out what was going to happen to grit my teeth and deal with the gameplay. If you're up for a good sci-fi story game with a big asterisk on it, it's worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,228300,11491047,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,wujekbelzebubik,"Well... I have to say I was very sceptical about this game since I've read some rather negative reviews on IGN and other sites. I had high hopes for it when I first saw the trailers, but later I kind of forgotten about it (kind of ironic, looking at the title ;-) )But now, after finally finishing it, I can only say that you should not believe reviews... not always at least.I have enjoyed this game thoroughly from the word go, albeit it has some negative aspects. Let me start with the goodies:THE STORYIt's not cyberpunk Deus Ex, and it doesn't want to be. The setting is Paris in the not so far away future, and the whole plot revolves around a company which developed a way of storing and managing human memories. The main character is a memory hunter who is fighting the corporation alongside a non-descript resistance, in order to free the people from the abusive system. That's it in a general (really general) nutshell. I don't want to spoil anything, and I have a feeling it would be very easy to spoil this storyline by saying much more. Have this in mind - the story is satisfyingly deep, has it's plot twists (a few but meaningful) and a poignant and fulfilling ending. The backdrop of futuristic Paris is convincing and well designed. Just enough to get me drawn in and wanting to come back. I finished the game on medium difficulty in 2 days straight gaming, propelled by the sheer will of seeing how the sotry would develop. That itself should say a lot about the strength of the story telling here.GAMEPLAYThe positive thing about the gameplay is definitely the combat, which I shall divide into two separate sections - the fight system and the bosses. The fight system is based on pressens - abilities in four categories (damage, health regen, chaining and speeding up special moves recovery) which you can chain in order to increase the strength of each attack. There is some amount of thinking to be done in order to create an effective chain, especially once that you've unlocked a bigger amount of abilities. Since you can modify the chains on the fly, even while in combat, you can adapt your tactics to the types of opponents you meet. And there are quite a few of those. From regular 'police', through robots of a few sorts, leapers (humans mutated in some way by losing memories), vanishing enemies that you can see and attack only when you lure them into the light, and many more. You face those enemies mostly in varied packs in areas resembling closed off arenas put inside the level design. The consistency of the group required me sometimes to change the chain of abilities to be able to regenerate health better, or get my special abilities back faster, or simply to chain more damage quicker to fight off those pesky leapers (they come in numbers). Oh... special abilities. There are five, and ALL of them are useful, which is quite unusual in games (sometimes you find some ability that you just don't use throughout the game... well not here!). I found myself using each one several times and to my satisfaction it always 'clicked'. Whether it's vanishing to execute an enemy from behind, stunning everybody in place to perform a dazzling combo, or reprogramming the robots to fight on my side, it all came in place :-)And the boss fights... Very satysfying. Each one with its own mechanics, easy enough to figure out in a minute or two, but requiring movement, precision and reflex to pull off. This gives each boss fight a very fulfilling feel after finally defeating the nab. :-) The boss fights often encourage or even force you to rely on your special abilities as well as combos, so you really need to be at home with the fight system in order to pull each fight off swiftly.The only thing I was hoping for was that this game would be an open world kind of game, but the levels are enclosed and walled off. However, this does not mean they are straightforward. There is a fair amount of jumping, leaping, sneaking and logical puzzles.THE LOOKSIt's not eye dazzling (DX11 1080p HD 120Hz 60 FPS or whatever other abbreviation or number rocks your boat) kind of a game, but I liked the entire style of it. The city streets, buildings, shop windows, adverts - all had a peculiar style that really reminded me of France in a way. Delicate, stylish and clean. The characters presented themselves well, with Nillin (the main char) having some nice animations to show and the body movement while fighting was pretty impressive and very agile. All other characters were more or less temporary and you don't see any of them for a longer time on screen. All in all pretty, even though no eye-candy. but hey! I played this game for the story not for it's graphics. Let's not limit ourselves to that!THE SOUNDSThe voice acting was great overall. I have no complaints. Whether dialogues between Nillin and anyone else, or just random shouts from enemies, they all came nicely together. The music in the background did not interfere in any way, and was catchy enough to stick with me for a while. Kudos.REMIXESThe best idea of the whole game. You get into someone's memories and change them in order to change the person's thinking. For example, I had to make a guy think he killed his wife whereas in reality she just left him. All I needed to do was to 'hack' into his memories of her leaving, change a few things and presto - he remembers shooting her instead! And all is done with a clever interface of rewinding the memories like a movie back and forth by moving the mouse in circles, speeding up or slowing down with mouse buttons, and trying to find 'glithces' i.e. things that you can change inside the memory. There are more glitches than you really need, and you can only use a few at once, so you need to figure out the right combo of glitches to make the memory turn out as you want it. But the simple fact of manipulating and changing things and seeing how they play out is incredibly fun! What happens if I move this here, take the safety off of the gun and maybe change this and that? The memory adapts and changes with everything we do, just not always the way we would expect, which gives it a more natural feel, like we really were messing with someone's mind. These remixes were hands down my favourite part of the game.Ok now for the baddies:REMIXESThere are only 4 remixes in the whole game. For such a fun and creative mechanics, I felt that was too small of a number :( I would have been happy with just a few more (not to overdo it). This aspect left me quite unsatisfied.THE CAMERAOh my! This is the only, but big, problem that I really have with this game :( The camera angles in some places are so weird (and sometimes you can't even change the angle too much), that it makes looking around a drag. And looking around seems important as there are many collectibles to be found or shot down :( In some places I just gave up trying to look around for a cache of goodies or something else just because the camera positioning annoyed the heck out of me. Luckily this does not hinder combat too much and doesn't make the game unplayable. Just frustrating at times. Just a side note - I did not die once due to bad camera positioning... just to show you that it's not a complete tragedy ;-)SUMMARYAll in all This is a great game in my opinion. If you are looking for a great story and fun combat mechanics to go with it, which will give you the satisfaction of winning after you finally complete the game, and the story will stick with you for days to come, pick it up pronto! If you are just aiming for graphics and killing frenzy fun, skipping through dialogues, not reading the notes found on the way etc... you can pass in my opinion :-) For me this was a great way to pass some time while waiting for GTA V on PC and some other games I can't wait for, and on the plus side it made me reinstall DX:HR again :-) evoking kind of a nostalgic feel.I hope there will be a sequel!"
,Recommended,228300,9966719,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Levy Lazuli,"Amazing graphics, skills, story line and concept. Honestly, makes the geek in me happy. 9/10 (only because of the awkward camera working)"
76561198003958675,Recommended,228300,9967735,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,DrBrucington,"I picked this up after reading that John Carpenter was a big fan of the story.  I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end as far as the look, feel, and plot were concerned.  The action and fighting system was a bit simplistic, but still fairly enjoyable.  It's definitely worth checking out for the story, though."
76561198035945370,Recommended,228300,9970598,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Malsain,"I honestly don't understand how this is NOT a big commercial succes/new franchise.It has got a solid (yet not hard to master) combo system, cool special abilities, running/jumping no worse than in Uncharted, futuristic/cyberpunk setting (for once, not fantasy - hallelujah!)), elaborate story with an interesting twist a-la Bioshock Infinite, nice graphics and fantastic soundtrack.Would definitely play Remember Me 2."
76561198045804907,Recommended,228300,9691177,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Croceum,"I was really hoping you were going to be amazing, like a secret little Beyond Good and Evil, Remember Me. But unlike BG&E you were unfortunately riddled with irritating and repetitive combat (ok, BG&E wasn't exactly a sea of variety), completely inane puzzles, a wonky camera, and the unfortunate fact that I felt like my character was either an idiot or a secret ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the majority of the game. Which is too bad, because the very reason I compare you to BG&E is because you were a unique concept in a familiar scenario. A central female character fighting against a corrupt world.What makes it worse is the fact that despite all the irritation I still played it through. Because the story wasn't -that- bad. And the aggravating parts weren't -that- offputting. And it set a lot of good groundwork to capitalize on in a sequel if it ever happens. The promise of what you could have been, and the possible whiff of what you may become in a future entry, kept me around all the way through.But then again if no sequel comes along then I guess that makes me the secret ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for holding out hope. Which is another similarity with Beyond Good and Evil."
,Recommended,228300,3080576,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Raphael ZT,Game with a great story. Excellent graphics and great gameplay. I recommend!!
76561198091464638,Recommended,228300,7192220,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Meipuru,7/10 This is an example of a wonderful game that could have been so much more. The detail that went into this game is staggering. Which unfortunately is hindered by the fact it is extremely linear and doesn't allow for much exploration. A huge plus for this game most definitely is the story. Beautifully crafted and executed the story keeps you playing and on the edge of your seat until the very end.
,Recommended,228300,1995683,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,kazereal,"Cool character to play as, interesting story and setting, good looking visuals..Downside is the action which has not been fully realized. Controls aren't as quick and precise as this type of game would need. The climbing has odd problem where character may or may not move in the direction you are trying to move to but suddenly may reverse direction.. These are annoyances but it's upto you if they are too much trouble to put up with. Edit: this may have been caused by malfunctioning gamepad, needs to be tested and repeated.It does give the impression gameplay was intended to be something else and was rather too quickly implemented over the story and adventure parts.There should be more games like these and there is potential in here. Hopefully there'll be more of this to come with more polished gameplay. It does have it's good points so there's value in it, especially when you get it on some discount."
,Recommended,228300,189571,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,DragonYoda,"Although a short single player campaign - approximately 7 hours. It offers an atmospheric cyberpunk style set in neo paris combining easy to learn fluid combat mechanics with a unique storyline.It offers many original concepts however fails to deliver them reguarly enough, I wouldn't be suprised if a second one was to be made where they make up on any shortfalls currently, one to look out for."
,Recommended,228300,10929209,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,neenish_tart,"Remember Me: Initial ImpressionsPC gamers - if you've picked this up cheaply as part of the Steam Summer Sale, it's definitely worth a look, but USE A CONTROLLER. You'll love the nostalgic button-mashing and find yourself mentally yelling ""C-C-C-COMBO BREAKERRRRRR!"" every time you get hit in the head. I know, I know -  I had to dig my dusty Xbox 360 controller out of my two-year-old's toybox, but it was worth it for the fantastic dodging of raining blows and fighting fury. From my kid. Not the game.Ahem. So far, Remember Me is visually stunning and sounds sublime, but I'm lamenting the lack of a free(er) camera to take in the sights with. As it is, from a third-person restricted perspective, Neo-Paris is breathtakingly beautiful in all its splendid squalour. I just wish I could go off track and explore a little more, which brings me to my next point about the game's linearity.I think people have been a little harsh in their reviews of this game, although I'm only a couple of hours in. Yes, the combat is repetitive (again, try a controller) AND the gameplay is horribly linear, with no detours or optional quests so far (this was all the more amusing after The Stanley Parable) BUT the exquisite setting and the science fiction concepts are enough to make me want to go beyond the first act.There's a lot of cliched, derivative gameplay and characterisation here - leaping around and hanging off walls, deranged bandit\raider\splicer-style enemies (what are they even called again? Leapers, yeah, that's it. Leapers) and the resulting comparisons between Nilin and Lara Croft are inevitable, but I'm choosing to view this game as an enjoyable pastiche of days and games gone by. There's enough familiarity to make it playable, and enough novelty to make it memorable.In short, give it a go if you've got it. We'll see how the rest goes."
,Recommended,228300,10596815,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Trowa Barton,i really like this game its like one of those would be console exclusive games that blow your mind about the next generation of games. but its for pc. oddly enough sensen dreams and all the theams of the game dreamfall the sequil to the longest journy make there pressence known but i dont know if it some how is related or its just a counicadence overall a good game
,Recommended,228300,10428094,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,zodeax16,this game has kept me at the edge of my keyboard for hours and some how i still love the panic
76561198122647995,Not Recommended,228300,10890301,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Taya Seloria,"First and foremost the only reason why I am giving a ""NOT RECOMMENDED"" rating is because of one glitch that ruined the entire game for me. Meaning I cannot continue the game.Let me explain the glitch that I am having: Just before you get to the Bar at the start of the game, there is a ledge with an air con unit that breaks. When I jump onto this and it breaks I always end up below the ledge leaving me with three options:1) go left or right2) fall off the ledge and die3) quit the gameEven restarting the game and checkpoint multiple times does not fix the glitch. And I am not the only one that had this glitch. I even contacted Capcom through Steam about this glitch but they never got back to me.I wish that I could play this game but I cannot. If this glitch ever gets fixed then I will change my review and rating of it. But until then I ONLY reccommend getting this game on the console."
,Recommended,228300,10895482,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KrimzonWingz,"I loved the battle system to this game, but they could have done a lot more with it overall. It was a great concept, but it was executed poorly. Fun but frustrating."
,Recommended,228300,10945292,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nightxade,"http://nightxade.blogspot.ca/2013/08/gaming-review-remember-me.html""...Remember Me, was, well, memorable, and I would love to see Nilin again, or another game from DONTNOD. Now that they’ve got Remember Me under their belt, I’m looking forward to seeing what they can do with the constructive criticism. Remember Me was filled with so much potential just waiting to happen and I’d like to believe Nilin’s creators will truly blow us away with whatever they come up with next."""
,Recommended,228300,10917752,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Posthaste,A semi-great game with a easy story to follow and not to too much of throwing information and plotlines at your face. so easy rate without going into a deep reviewGameplay 4/5Story 3.5/5 - Cliches but not without some orignal contentGraphic 4/5 with a feel of Deus Ex infuncesDifficulty 3.5/5 Varitys with Easy Normal and HardCombat- 3/5 mehOverall 3.5/5
76561198040865995,Recommended,228300,10924587,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,titusthesecondary,"Splendid!I was keeping this on the wishlist because of thememory mechanics and the visual style.It was the right decision to buy this game,very happy how it mixes ""mirrors edge"" and ""total recall"":)"
,Recommended,228300,10928754,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,a3sthesia,"What the hell? 15 minutes in and I had to jump out and recommend this game. I don't know what people expected from this game, but I was pleasently surprised by what I just played."
76561198033235846,Not Recommended,228300,13882923,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sitting Duck,"This game was promising, with an interesting story and genuinely good graphics. The mechanics are very similar to an old RPG, Magna Carta. Unfortunately, I quickly got tired of the corridor-style the level design, which leaves no agency to the player. The story, which starts out engaging and interesting, also fades after a while, as if the original script was unfinished and they put an intern to write the last third."
76561198045143820,Recommended,228300,13935657,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ForGutsAndGlory,really enjoyed playing this game.
,Recommended,228300,13984048,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,ConaN,"pro:- good story- cool main character- nice music- great environments with a deus ex vibe- only 1 crashcon:- combat combo-system is not that great, thankfully special abilities spice things up"
76561198087896567,Recommended,228300,13985839,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[RAOG]richie234567,Good storyline.Not so good combat.The game is basically a sciance fiction Tomb Raider type of gameplay.Not much else to say.
76561198025693087,Not Recommended,228300,13969389,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,andersenman,"The graphics are amazing, and I often find myself breath-taken at the panoramic camera runs across the scenery. So much stunning artwork and attention to details, skin-tight mo-cap and character design, all wasted on a duck-awful stereotype button mashing beat-'em-up with anachronistic console tropes like fixed save points, forced tutorials, unskippable cutscenes, awfully scripted, tedious bossfights and immensely frustrating camera control.I bought the game on sale in the hopes of finding an underrated, overlooked gem that mixes Ion Storm's Deus Ex, Bungie's Oni and Dice's Mirror's Edge with 2014 graphics technology, only to be left torn between hailing the art department and being bitterly disappointed by the game mechanics.What a shame. No game deserves to be so split. Can we please get the suck patched out of it?"
,Recommended,228300,13972661,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Para,"DONTNOD got themselves a new fan after I played Remember Me.Graphics/ArtI love how much work the designers have put into the environment, characters (fashion for example) and most definitely the lighting and use of contrasts in the game. The game looks visually stunning, running on 1080P on High settings. The Futuristic Neo-Paris setting is absolutely amazing and there have been times where I just had to stop playing and look at the scenery, breathtaking.StoryThe story starts off ""fantastic"" but slowly degrades to being unfortunately no more than ""good"", I would've hoped for much more. Nevertheless it is still an enjoyable story that definitely makes you think about what the future could bring to us, and how we as human beings could advance (and maybe how we shouldn't). And I think that is an important part in storytelling as well.GameplayI think the gameplay is one of the mediocre parts of the game that a lot of players seem to have an issue with. The combat feels fresh and new in the beginning by giving you the choice to customise your combos. After a couple of fights it begins to feel quite repetitive and you're more focussing on finishing your combo moves by looking at the buttons at the bottom of the screen, rather than enjoying the fights and looking at the animations.One of the really new and unique gameplay elements is the possibility to remix someone's memory, and alter how they see their history. This is done by going back to a memory and selecting certain objects which are altered in some ways. For example pushing a table slightly aside so someone might trip over it. The memory starts ""remixing"" after every altered scene and builds an alternate memory, a memory that becomes the truth to the subject. Too bad that this function is only available 4 times in the entire game, I would have loved to see more of this.In the end I still think this is a very rememberable (get it?) game, but sadly get an after taste of ""what could have been"". I would still recommend it if you like 3rd person action/adventure games or Sci-Fi storytelling as I surely enjoyed myself with this one."
,Recommended,228300,13947767,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MEGATRUCK,"Wow, Remember Me is certainly underrated.I'll admit, it did take me a while to get into Remember Me. The fighting at the beginning really just involves button mashing, and the Tomb Raider-esque platforming sections that tell you exactly where to go.But then you go a little deeper in. You see more of the beautiful art style and all the incredibly detailed settings. You build up your combos more, not only making sure that they're all filled up, but also that you put the right attributes into them in order to strategize. You hear more of the INCREDIBLE soundtrack, which blends classical and electronic music brilliantly.And I rarely say this, but I actually cared about Remember Me's story. It was something I wanted to experience until the end, through all the mind games, twists, and moments that can only be described as epic.It's not my GOTY for 2013 (Tomb Raider takes the honor), but I wouldn't be ashamed to give it second place."
76561197972631565,Recommended,228300,13918750,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Massachusetts,"I think the 65 from metacritic is too low. Remember Me is a solid 72 I feel, but it ramps up slowly and I think that throws its score off."
76561197995618908,Not Recommended,228300,13929058,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TheCavedude,"This game had great potential, but the creators crashed and burned it with the terrible, inane, combat sequences with bosses.  The camera swings about wildly in an epileptic fit to where you are automatically circling the boss, but can't see your enemy or yourself clearly.  There were many moments where the character would jump in the wrong diection, resulting in serious blows.  I would push ""S"" and  ""SPACE"" to jump backwards, only to watch as she leapt at the boss when facing him.  I am an easy going, calm guy.  If you enjoy getting into a furious rage at the terrible controls and wildly swinging camera, during the boss battles, then this is the game for you.  Otherwise steer clear of this complete waste of time.  Don't buy it!  This is the only way they learn to do a better job next time."
76561198006861409,Recommended,228300,13638100,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kaisyar,Highly recommended to new DMC lovers
76561198015983358,Recommended,228300,12978108,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,megaD,"I picked this game up in a Steam sales because it looked interesting without any expectations and it blew me away! This game was simply the best cyberpunk experience I ever played. Beautiful artful graphics (Neo Paris looks breathtaking), great electro music especially towards the end of the game and an truly awesome story (especially appealing to someone who has own kids). I completed the story in 15 hours and to me this game didn't feel more repetitive than Assassins Creed or the Batman Arkham games."
,Recommended,228300,12980203,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,LiquidJoy,"The Combat and Climbing puzzle mechanics in the game are flawed but not unbearably, However these flaws are outshone by the amazing atmosphere this Neo Blade Runner world has to journey through, as well as the compelling plot which like all good Sci Fi explores issues and ideas that may arise with new technologies and their impact on Culture and Society. Remember me kept me interested from start to finish."
,Recommended,228300,13189317,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Skjöltzka Veltzen,"tl;dr version:After completing the game, after all the frustration, and after climbing the Learning Stepladder (not a learning curve, no, that's too easy), I still believe that this game is worthy of being played. 10/10For the real review:God, did I hate this game while I was playing it. Dying a crapton, not allowing me to dodge at certain, CRUCIAL points, a small audio problem, and OP AF mini-bosses.... But I did it. I beat the game. And all-in-all, I love it.The premise is that all memories have now been digitized... Need I say more? Anyone who knows anything about viruses and hackers can tell you that's a bad idea. Oh wait, that's exactly where they take the storyline: Corruption. For the sake of spoilers, I'm gonna leave that there.The combat system reminded me of Batman at first, (if you own a controller) X and Y being the attack. But then you find out that there's a nostalgic combo system that you can mess around with, transforming each Combo to your play-style. This, in my opinion, is what sets the game apart from the others that I play.I think the only place that it falls short is how the game's difficulty increases in the beginning. Most of the power pressens you receive are only most useful the first time they are shown to you, and don't show up until much later. The way they introduce new enemies is also a bit jarring. It's much like being dropped in a third world country without a translator, but instead of conquering language barriers, you're conquering the short combo that you just made up in efforts to defeat 7 enemies while avoiding an Eighth who's power derives from the 7.When it all comes down to it, after the frustration, You are left with a more than descent story, but also an empty feeling inside, hoping for either a sequel or a secondary storyline.10/10"
,Recommended,228300,13192036,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Henrylee54,"I cant think of a single time I was bored, upset, or anything bad in this game. The story is absolutely amazing, the game takes place in beautiful interesting and expansive world, the gameplay is fresh and unique. I cant think of a reason not to play this game, it is truly amazing and really stands out. The story is emotional and amazing and this is one im gonna be coming back to for a long time. Get this, i have no doubt you will love it."
,Recommended,228300,13193334,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Franky,"To be honest I was a bit hesitant about this game and lets say that it surprised me.Pros:Immersion. Very quickly does Remember Me lead you into a beautifully crafted neo-Paris with much detail. Most of us, or perhaps just myself, will simply gloss over these seemingly handcrafted worlds and yet whenever I take a moment to look around I find myself lost in a future wonderland. I can't help but admire the that wonderland.Combat:Smooth, fluidic, and pretty awesome. Easy to learn and fun to master. You will always find something new along the way.Music:The music is dynamic during gameplay as with many/most/all games. Its interesting how Remember Me utilitizes music during combat scenes. Definately check it out.Voices:I must ask how Neo-Paris folk speak perfectly good English. Not to say that the voices are not done well, but it felt better in French for some reason. The voicing was done well.Cons:Story:Pretty linear, I won't devulge any more than that.Controls:A bit clunky when climbing, but only just a minor nuisance."
,Recommended,228300,13185439,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ZaKadaK,"""Remember Me"" surprised me as a nifty action rpg with unfortunatley rigid level designs. I prefer free, open-world landscapes and had to put those preferences aside to enjoy this game long enough. 7/10"
,Recommended,228300,11754195,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Grannox,A very cool game that has an interesting storyline.  combat is fast paced and has some customizability which is nice to have
76561198038993535,Recommended,228300,11760915,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ajsasinner,its not a bad game almost zero replay value the fights are repetitive and get highly annoying you will die a lot or you spend hours on same fight constantly dodging.  good concept could have been done better the camera is all was messing you up you get it set to where you want and next minute its in a wall and you cant see anything. taking you time you can finish it in 7 to 10 hours depending on difficulty setting
,Recommended,228300,11928660,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Beverly,"I've wanted Remember Me ever since I saw the trailer, I honestly couldn't stop playing it. Took 13 hours too finish and that's without all the collectables, the game is very short which is disappointing but I loved the story. The fighting was a little tricky for me, with combos that just didn't feel right on a mouse. I think I'd have an easier time using a controller. I say get the game for it's story and visuals, but wait for it too go back on sale."
76561198090363269,Recommended,228300,12017578,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Umbram_Paxus,I loved this games its one of a kind altho i would have liked abit more of the memory changeing parts outher than that the fighting system is grate its a good story and has a little bit of evrything!
76561197995259243,Recommended,228300,12019205,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TOG | dexie,"This game is fantastic. I loved the story and cinematics, highly recommended."
,Recommended,228300,12020491,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Vengeance2210,It's a very beautiful looking game. Interesting story and characters. Fantastic cinematics. All round enjoyable game.
,Recommended,228300,11876862,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Byorgue,its ok
76561198126482429,Recommended,228300,11863802,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,raymoe81,"after finishing this game,  personally I really loved this game... ""Remember Me"" is kinda under rated by most reviewers... the game is unique and the story is what make this game special.. don't let the first impression fool you... some gamers even comparing this game is kinda like a rip off of batman arkham series, while its not the same genre at all... there are few features from ""Remember Me"" that make this game special... first, there are parts when you need to alter the memory of certain character, there are many fun ways on how you alter their memories... second, there are no health potion on this game, the only way you gain your health back is by using health combo on your attack... third, the strategy to beat your enemy is depend on how you prepare the balance of ""health, time, damage"" combination, wrong combination will lead you struggle to beat off some enemy.. forth, there are a lot of puzzle to be solved in this game, even on the boss mode!"
76561198027102438,Recommended,228300,11907790,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,meself,"First of all - I must say this loud and clear, this game deserves to be played! You really should play it! Summary is below if you don't wish to read it all!I have to admit that I read so many bad reviews about this game that I was afraid I wasted my money on it (it was on a sale and I've always put my eyes on this one). When I heard the rumors about DONTNOD (this game's developer) being shut, I thought the game probably sucks.When I first played it, I was shocked by the negative reception of the game (60\100 on metascore? not that good) and later on I figured out what was wrong about this game.You can summarize what's wrong like this - this game could be, and promised to be, something big, different, innovative, even revolutionary- in terms of gameplay. It seems as if it even intended to do so, but didn't fully succeed.What makes this game look so interesting is the fact that you're being a memory hunter. Messing with people's memories is not a concept often explored in common video games. The one extraordinary feature which raise this game above many others is the memory remixing - you'll have to remix people's memories in order to change their views, thoughts and actions. Sounds amazing, isn't it? And indeed, the few times you'll be doing this in the game are rather cool and exciting, even though it felt like the mechanics of the remixes was a bit too simple, it still felt really good. But as I said, you'll only be doing this a couple of times. Four actually, throughout the entire game, which isn't totally satisfying and makes you want more of it.What else will you do that's related to memories? Well, you're gonna steal some, replay some, and kill some, but it's all done with a few buttons' clicks and not in a very interesting way. And what else will you do? Well, you'll kick your enemies' butts. And climb. And climb. And climb. You'll also jump a bit, but you're gonna climb a lot.Don't get me wrong, fighting and climbing in games can be rather satisfying. That's why many platform games gained so much respect within gaming community. But in Remember Me... it just isn't enough.The game is not very long, yet it might feel like you're playing forever, as the game gets more and more tedious in time when you feel like you fight horde after horde of enemies with cutscenes in between. The fighting isn't that interesting, and is generally easy, except for some parts in the game where it's not. But that's only because of the controls, which at first seemed fine to me, but somehow from the middle of the game and on I just felt like it all became too clunky and Nilin's movements didn't always have much to do with the buttons I pressed on the keyboard.The platforming is not that interesting as well. It only gets long and repetitive in time. The only thing that makes it good is the gorgeous graphics and surroundings which I'll speak of later, and the somewhat-artistic camera angles which change and flow smoothly. But still, as I said, it gets long and repetitive, especially when you don't have much freedom of choice about where to go, and not even the illusion of it. There's almost always only one single path to follow, you can never wander too much, and many times when you do the game would quickly suggest you the 'correct' path or action that has to be done. That makes the game even easier, and makes you feel like you just follow a trail of cutscenes\hordes of enemies at times.So, yeah, gameplay-wise, the game is not necessarily brilliant. But now let's talk about the good stuff, which far outweigh the somewhat primitive and at times disappointing gameplay.Remember Me is very much story-driven, its story happens in a futuristic Paris in 2084 if I'm not mistaken. It's purely a science fiction kind of story and yet it revolves around humanity and its mind, their memories and their urge to change or guard them. It isn't the deepest tale to be told but it has its insightful moments, and its a very personal and at times heart-touching.The cutscenes and dialogues which transfer the story are very well done, never too long and never too short, usually very interesting, and with very good and professional voice acting (Note: the game is fully dubbed in English, French, Italian, German, which is very cool, I've tried to watch some cutscenes in languages different than English and the acting sound good to me as well!).The graphics looked absolutely amazing, and without requiring a super-high-tech-machine (The game is rather new, from 2013, and my computer is from 2010, and even back then it didn't have the best specs possible. The game still worked very nicely on my machine on High graphic settings). The world of Neo-Paris seemed very wide and detailed, colorful and alive, with my only complaint about it is that the game won't let you explore the environment much - as I said earlier, it's very linear and many obstacles would make you walk in a specific one way instead of exploring the world around you which seems so interesting and eye-catching.The soundtrack of the game is beautiful, combining symphonic and electronic tracks together (trust me, it's good!) which integrate brilliantly with the game and battle sequences.The collectibles are nice, not too hard to find usually, but gives you some interesting information to read about the people\surroundings around you.There's also some extra content - 3d models of the characters, achievements and concept arts which are a very nice addition to the game!So here's a summary--Seems like every problem in this story is solved with violence-Not too long-Gets tedious-Somewhat banal platforming\fighting, and gameplay in general-Memory-related stuff in gameplay aren't fully developed-Controls are somewhat clunky+Amazing storyline, personal and heart-touching towards the end!+Gorgeous graphics, surrounding, details and environment!+Memory remixes!+Brilliant soundtrack!+Good voice acting, in multiple languages!+Cool collectibles and extra contentAll in all, the game was a great experience for me, which I'd definitely come back one day to replay again"
76561198080471317,Recommended,228300,11848478,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ReiRei-chan,"Loved this game. Has the same elements as Mirror's Edge or the jumping and climbing as in Assassins Creed but a very lovely story. I just wished it to be a bit longer. You can play it in 8 hours (or less) so the original price of 30 € or what is definitely too high. But, as I said, a very entertaining story with a big surprise at the end. Lovely animated fight scenes with quiet some difficulties. All in all a very good game that's suitable for everyone who liked Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,228300,11849621,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Bear Legion,"Not sure why this game was reviewed so badly. Atmosphere  is incredible, graphics look great. Fighting is so so with K+M but I imagine controller is fine. Very good!"
,Recommended,228300,11839928,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,BINGEBOY,"I like the game intro, didn't really make is past that but hey i dont even download half the games i buy."
76561198040336079,Not Recommended,228300,11842973,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Fancy Virtual Reality Monkey,"I really really wish I could like this game. I was stoked about it when I first heard about it. The story is great. Unfortunately, the gameplay is absolutely god awful bordering on the verge of utterly demented. Not only the fights are extremely annoying and badly designed, you will constantly struggle with unresponsive controls and be reminded that you are in a videogame. It's completely anti-immersive. I could accept the highly linear gameplay in exchange for a good story, but I simply can't accept a gameplay with completely unresponsive controls that makes fights absolutely unbearable.I give it a 10/10 for story and a 1/10 for the gameplay."
76561198023351665,Recommended,228300,11937256,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,NeerPS,"It was a very interesting game for me from the beginning of its life, from the first screenshots and trailers. There were many promises for the game to become a good game, as such as possibilities to become a bad one. What are we received at the end?“Remember Me” draws your attention from the very beginning: design of the world itself and the music complement each other and fit into gameplay together, thus creating the experience of art. You hold your breath here and there, looking at those buildings, those clothes and etc. Olivier Derivière made a great work and found unique approach to the soundtrack, mixing digital and non-digital media into one being.Storyline and dialogs, though, sometimes feel not so good, but they also don’t pretend to be a top-level “one-minute-before-award” scenario. And I can’t remember any of the moments now, so overall impression is quite good. I can say even that it was interesting to follow the progression and look at the new turns and moments of the game.There was a lot of discontent about fighting system. Many say that it’s similar to the one from the Batman series. I don’t see, why. You have several available chains (only two from beginning) with a different length, into which you can build different moves with a different effects: damage, heal, recharger of supermeter and multiplier. And you choose what moves you want into concrete chain, so you can vary effects and strength of your combo. Also you have a supermeter that allows you to implement some special attacks. There is also a projectile weapon later in the game which adds some more variety. And again, music changes its pace and intensity as you succeed or fail. Together it leads to a simple mechanics of the fighting system, yet intensive and catching, memorizable battles, especially near the end of the game.Another discontent is connected with one of the unique parts of the game — remixing of memory. There are just not too many of them. But from the other side there are enough to not to bother you with repetition; and all of them seem different and unique in comparison to each other.Overall, I can say that “Remember Me” is a good game, a game for your enjoyment and relaxation that delivers a great mixture of simple, but not too easy, mechanics, design and music. Truly, gem of art, as it seems for me, though not without a drawbacks at all. If you don’t perceive games through eyes and ears but from logic only, you'll, probably, say otherwise."
,Recommended,228300,11939851,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,radioactiveRen,"Lots of cool ideas in this game. Interesting story and good intertwinement between cut scenes and gameplay. The combat gameplay started out like it might be something different that would constantly build throughout the game but it felt short in that category. Still slightly fun to roll through the game beating up on enemies with combos, but it's the story and other elements that keeps it interested."
,Recommended,228300,11995317,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Noaisin,"The story is very interesting and it seems to be one of the strong points of this game. Not to mention, the graphics too--beautiful, stunning, high-polished visuals.Adventuring in Neo-Paris is linear, so it's easy to get around and obtain collectibles.Combo customization and combat is nice, easy to adapt to.I like it, it's pretty cool."
,Recommended,228300,10568839,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hin'Doko,"Was really fun on a first play though, though having a combo maker leaves much to be desired while in combat. The story starts feeling like a fever dream at one point. Oh and the advertised memeory changing happens so little you can fit it all on one hand."
76561198061012149,Recommended,228300,10571165,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mellifluous,"I absolutely loved this game!  It was very unique, and had an interesting story.   The atmosphere was very immersive and the artwork was stunningly beautiful.  The city has a very cyberpunkish look to it, which helps contribute to the games story."
,Recommended,228300,11043941,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Gmr Leon,"A phenomenal game for scifi enthusiasts, especially those into cyberpunk tales. While it has its rough edges due to a mixture of heavy ambition and first experience in game design, it's a worthy addition to your library for its well realized world and soundtrack that combine to overcome its occasional frustrations. As other reviews you may have read note, the camera can prove a little stiff and the combat system can seem a little clumsy, but these are easily dealt with. The camera won't kill you and if your combos are built either to maximize damage or quickly regenerate your health, neither will the somewhat clumsy combat system.What's so clumsy about the combat system, you might ask? It's not the customization, that's for sure, which personally I found to be a fascinating, if mild, innovation on the typical combo system. While you do only have limited combos to work with that cannot themselves be customized (e.g. you cannot configure a five punch combo, though you may cycle through the three punch combo to ""make"" a six punch combo, if you like), each hit of the combo can be given its own effect. There are S-Pressen (special attack) cooldown decreases, power pressens to increase damage, regen pressens to restore health with each hit, and chain pressens that double the effect of the previous pressen. These each give every combo chain its own unique blend of effects besides purely compounding damage and unlocking special moves for use, which made it far more interesting than your typical combo system to me.However, where this falters and where the combo system becomes somewhat clumsy, is that while it will remember your progression in the combo for an individual enemy, this momentum is lost upon the next enemy. Slightly more frustrating is that any hit taken, and you will take hits, resets the combo forcing you to go through it again. On its own, this wouldn't be that big of a deal, except that each encounter is not entirely well balanced against the combo system, as each combat area becomes crowded with enemies that tend to refuse to separate. If each encounter had had fewer enemies, a better ability to draw them apart, or simply a better defensive option than flipping away from or over them, this wouldn't have been as clumsy. Unfortunately, that's not the case, but each time you do achieve a combo, whether appropriately or not, you'll feel a sense of accomplishment and generally, the game itself does a good job of rewarding this with fantastic music and sound effects following your combo progression, as well as an experience bonus for longer chains.If you think you can stand for that, and are looking for a fascinating scifi vision of the future, with a beautifully realized world design and invigorating soundtrack, not to mention a genuinely compelling cast of characters to learn about, you'll have an experiential gem on your hands. Please don't miss this for its faults, play it for its ambitions."
,Recommended,228300,11094263,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,IK84,"I was very pleased with this game. The character Nillin was very fun to play, and it kept me guessing where this was going. The boss battles were exciting, but challenging. The controls of this game cant be either control pad, or keyboard and mouse. I played through with the latter and really had no trouble. The game mechanics allow you to unlock combos with kicks and punches. Using my mouse I used left mouse for punch and right for kick. Remembering those two buttons and getting a feel for a method to accomplish a combo is all you need to be unstoppable in the game. I played through on regular but more than half way through I started getting aggrivated by some levels and had to go to ""Script kiddie"" ... yeah."
,Recommended,228300,11095307,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,The Celestial,"Remember Me is a mash-up of Assassin's Creed and Deus Ex with a splash of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind that features a good story, amazing art and design, an unforgetable (pun intended) lead character that is unfortunately shackled by its repetitive and lackluster gameplay.It tries a bit too hard in all the gameplay elements and ultimately fails on all fronts.  The combat system has glimpses of of a real gem, but it could have been so much more and most fights turn into a snooze-fest.  The platforming sections are laughably easy with most deaths coming from the shoddy camera.  And the much-talked-on Memory Remix sections are sparse and could have been much deeper and easier to navigate.This game reminds me of Lords of Shadow in that the world, story, and characters are the real star while the gameplay is just tacked on as an afterthought.  If you can stomach that in a game, I'd recommend picking it up.  If you are looking for a game with more meat, you may want to pass it by."
,Recommended,228300,11099738,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Astrolox,"Very good single player third person game - interesting story and fun challenges/puzzles. Similar to mirros edge, but a lot more in depth."
76561198045124825,Recommended,228300,11082789,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Izumi,"An amazing game with a very engaging storyline and beautiful graphics.  I loved to stop and just look at how much time and effort was put into the backgrounds.  I felt immersed in the troubled world of ""Neo Paris"" and loved every second of it.  I had a hard time putting it down because I wanted to continue to see how the story played out.HOWEVER!!!!  The combat system is where I have some complaints.  By combat system, I mean the fact that it takes what seems like FOREVER for abilities to go off cooldown.  A lot of fights, mainly boss fights, rely solely on ability use to progess in the fight.  This makes most fights just a long waiting game full of spamming dodge and using combos to reduce your cooldowns.  Still, I thought the customizing of combos was great and had fun dishing them out in combat.Another problem, was the lack of memory remixing sections in the game.  The game was advertised in a way that made it seem like it was going to be filled with it, and that the changes you made could possibly change the course of the game.  This was probably just me overhyping the game before it was released, but having only a few moments of remixes saddened me a bit.Regardless of these problems and the forced linear storyline, I loved the stronger points of the game and would reccomend buying this game when it is on sale like I did :>"
,Recommended,228300,10960262,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ILikeVoltron,"worth a buy at <$10, change the difficulty to low though, otherwise the fights turn into the last batman and all you do is dodge for half an hour"
,Recommended,228300,11062966,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AlienArchitect,"For the record, I don't know what happened to the Steam timer...I played this game for WAY longer than will probably appear next to my name (In a few hours-long sessions, my time played on Steam only went up like 10 mins wtf)...This is a fantastic game for fans of the cyberpunk and in general near-future sci-fi genres. If you pay attention to the concepts being tossed around in the lore woven into the story, it's really a game that makes you think...if you enjoy that sort of thing then do pick this up (but wait for a sale/price drop if you can).All of that being said, combat can get repetitive (although it does have interesting innovations with combo-building) and the dialogue isn't exactly stellar (don't expect Breaking Bad-esque interaction), but it's not bad either. This isn't a game for everyone, but it is certainly a great new IP and it is set up beautifully for future sequels that could really blow this potential series out of the water (and you can bet I am hoping for a sequel!)."
,Recommended,228300,11063571,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Z3acR0,"Great game, detailed story, excellent fighting mechanics and customization, very good graphics and good detail of Neo-Paris8/10Remember you soon!"
,Recommended,228300,4904757,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,EuclideanPsychosis,"This game is all about immersion. A few of the most striking features include its wonderfully designed setting and a unique soundtrack which blends the traditional adventure sound of the orchestra with the exhileration of electronic modulation. The scenery of Neoparis is a stunning and enveloping display of the vast abilities of the design teams, and many of the futuristic concepts, such as ever-present drones, weirdly yet creatively designed robots, and the center of the game's technology: the sensen, are all innovative and pioneering ideas. I also enjoy what most of the major gaming companies identified as its biggest mistake: having a female protagonist. Nihlin is strong, smart, and has nicely rounded character development throughout the story. I wish some of the things in the game would've been further explained, such as the existance of Leapers, the history of sensen technology (rather than limiting it to simple text entries), and how it has affected the world as a whole, rather than focusing singularly on Neoparis. The combo lab is another really interesting feature that I feel could've been a bit more in-depth than it was designed to be. Still, that's what future games are for, which I hope is something that this developer will utilize. I believe that Remember Me is all-in-all a fantastic game, but to me, it's only a beta test of sorts for the real talent and potential that the game team can present, and I sincerely hope that they get the chance to show us what they can do."
76561198067472282,Recommended,228300,11074715,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,iRockhearts,"It is very interesting the idea to manipulate other people's thoughs, or memories.The game story is short, but with a lot of though into it, somewhat complex.I like the idea of chain combo in fighting mode.Very detailed, the environment, the characters and items look close to real."
76561198002104061,Recommended,228300,11042592,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,7318,"excelent story, great graphics, great climbing mechanics, a well paced experience and a fun fighting system that is highly customizable."
76561198005603053,Recommended,228300,2314042,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Jennifyre,"I found this game to be very enjoyable. However if I could remix my own memory I would have waited for it to go on sale, rather than buy it full price. Even after saying that, the game is still a great experience, the story is pretty neat and the concept of rewriting someones memory is a pretty neat idea too. Overall I really enjoyed the story of this game, the music was spectacular, the combat after I got used to it was interesting and fun. The game is short though and doesn't seem to evolve enough combat wise and event wise for me to say it is equal to other blockbuster games released this year. Although it certainly isn't something I would have wanted to miss either. I hope this sees a sequel because it seems DONTNOD had a lot of great ideas they can certainly expand and hopefully GREATLY improve upon in another iteration."
,Recommended,228300,1639606,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Blue Devil,"This game is so pretty, but theres not much to do, suffers from that FF12 syndrome."
76561198008792145,Recommended,228300,7966940,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[MAQ]goldeneyeace,"Sci-fi Punch-em-UpI decided to have a ""female game protagonist experience"" and bought Remember Me along with Tomb Raider. On the whole, Remember Me is an interesting game let down by its short length and slightly repetitive combat.Gameplay: Remember Me is essentially a beat-em-up with some platforming/puzzles. The problem is that it emphasizes on the former much more than the latter. The combat system, at first glace, seems extremely confusing with all the Pressens and S-Pressens and so forth. However it's actually quite simple and effective, making multiple combos with only 2 attack buttons. The combat is made interesting by its focus on combo tactics, rather than outright skill. Unfortunately, while it was interesting at first, by mid-game I had established full combo-chains for each of the 3 main attributes (power, health regeneration, and cooldown reduction) and just methodically finished enemies off. Further unlocks did little to affect how I played, and the combat boiled down to a game of picking which combo to execute. I'm talking a lot on the combat because the platforming is fairly simple. The puzzles are mostly for getting unlockables, which despite being a bit frustrating to find, are completely worth it as they unlock pages of a Mneist (encyclopedia) which provides some fascinating backstory. Oh and I almost forgot about the Memory-Remixes! Easily the most interesting part of the game, but unfortunately far too few, and not deep enough. The possibilities are so endless for this mini-game that I would advocate that Remember Me's sequel be a game based around Memory-Remixing. I thoroughly enjoyed it and spent much longer messing around with Memory-Remixing than I had to, simply because its fun and interesting.Graphics: The game has an amazing sci-fi feel to it, and environments look completely out of this world. Graphics and details are great. However the actual animations are a bit average, particularly Nilin's mouth during dialogue.Sound: I don't have any complaints here.Story: Remember Me tells the story of Nilin, a woman who unwittingly is the key to a human revolution. It is set far in the future, where humans have embraced Sensen technology, a sort of memory interface which means that our memories are no longer recorded by brain, but instead stored as digital data. And like all digital data, it can be accessed, stolen, leveraged or interfered with as a means to an end. This is an utterly fascinating concept which is well explored in Remember Me. The story itself is also very interesting, and takes some truly interesting turns near its conclusion. However, while Nilin and the world's backstories are well executed, those of the supporting characters leaves a bit to be desired, and I just wish I knew more about the various inhabitants of Neo-Paris that Nilin encounters on her journey.Verdict: Remember Me really scores on the story. If you love science-fiction and exploring the issues of our increasing reliance on technology, this game will please you to no end. Unfortunately it is let down by its slightly repetitive combat and extremely short length. I finished the game in about 14 hours.+ fascinating story, cool setting, novel combat system, great memory remixing- too short, repetitive combat, NOT ENOUGH MEMORY REMIXING!!!8/10"
,Recommended,228300,12211302,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[FTA]Divine,Amazing story and very good combat system. 10/10. Will replay it some time in the future.
,Recommended,228300,12983968,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,gNatalie,"Wow, such a deep story that makes you think about how we value ourselves. I liked that it didnt involve shooter people but getting around them or punching/kicking them into memory blocks. Easy to follow where to go with the orange markers help."
,Recommended,228300,30487560,Posted: 13 March,all,pixelsnprints,"This is an amazing game with great story and interaction. The main issue I have with it is that on the Next Playthrought you loose all your skills and have to obtain them again and there is no increase in enemy force/power. Usually with games that have the option for additional plays there are new challenges, this game would be nice if that was added as a DLC option to have more replay."
,Recommended,228300,12199327,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MancVandaL,"I'd been looking at this game for a long time. Seeing conflicting reviews about it, I didn't want to spend full price on it, incase those complaining about it were right. So when it was set to under £5 in a recent sale, I decided to bite the bullet and snap it up. I'm sorry now I waited so long. So far, it's superb.It's not perfect, there are issues with the fighting, which can lead to repetitive fights with groups of enemies due to the way it's been designed. Using mouse and keyboard, pressing the left and right button on the mouse in set orders will perform different actions. These are all built up moves, generated by the player, each action in the move (punch or kick) can do one of a few things. There's damage, or course, regain health, reduce skill cooldown ... and so on. You gain more combos as the game goes on.The story is decent, with great voice acting and a great soundtrack. Graphically it's a mixed bag. Sometimes it's a little bit ropey, with low res textures and some dodgy joints on models. Then in the next scene, they look almost real.I'm glad I didn't spend full price on the game but I would have been happy with paying £15 for it.GO FOR IT BODIE!"
76561198047947642,Recommended,228300,12202414,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,michalk,"It’s so refreshing to see a game like this. There’s much to love here: beautiful, rich and varied environments, a unique atmospheric soundtrack, and thematic consistency of the story.It reminds me of Mirror’s Edge. It stars a rebel female protagonist in a dystopian future. Contrary to Mirror’s Edge though, world of Remember Me is much more realized. There are normal people walking around and from their behavior you can experience why the society is broken and needs a wake-up call.The writers, despite having to include plenty of excuses to beat-up the bad guys (as it’s a mainstream game by a major publisher after all), still managed to make a story that’s about something. The story of Remember Me is about painful memories, about identity, and about responsibility. All of that in a delicious cyberpunk setting."
,Recommended,228300,12204381,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ThisIsNilla,"While the gameplay can be a little repetitive, the world and characters are truly interesting and the story isnt all too bad either. If you enjoy a good story with some lite modern platforming (think uncharted) and some okay combat (an interesting take on the Arkham combat with creating your own combos) then I think this is well worth the sale prices of 6$."
76561197972736995,Recommended,228300,12204583,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"This was, perhaps, the most addictive game I have ever played. The plotline is brilliant, and the gameplay system was like a cross between Mirror's Edge and Arkham Asylum. The graphics and sound were fantastic.It is worth noting that there were, I think, two points in the game where a major gameplay bug could hold you back; but after a few tries it did work, and the ending is worthwhile. It is also worth pointing out that this game was designed for people like me, who seriously value the plot and initiative of a game; if all you're looking for is a beat-em-up, you might not hate it but I don't recommend it. For everyone else, give it a shot, you won't regret it."
76561198020733015,Recommended,228300,12067480,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Skeptical Gnomes,"Amazing game that surprised me on many levels.  Intriguing story and setting, a memorable and interesting main character, and highly customizable combat which is always a plus.  And the memory remix sequences are just incredibly fun IMO, I loved trying different things and figuring them out.I wish I had bought it sooner!"
,Recommended,228300,12239375,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,need luck,"Probably one of the best game I have ever played.Graphics are perfects and very beautiful.The musics and the sounds effects are very very cool.Gameplay is nice, but on PC the third person is quite hard to deal with sometimes.There aren't a lot of bugs (not at all ?) that have an inluence on the gameplay.The story is just perfect, very simple to follow but very interesting.And first of all... it's in Paris :D"
,Recommended,228300,11100210,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ThreeHeadedBear,"A surprisingly good game. It's strengths rest first and foremost in its presentation. An engaging story built from a fresh and interesting premise, supported by one of the best musical scores in recent memory and great art design. I also enjoyed the gameplay itself. It was challenging and the mechanics, while simple and repetitive, managed to not be boring with an appropriate pacing in the introduction of new abilities.The camapaign length was appropriately timed and paced as well. At no point did I feel as if the set pieces were dragging, nor did I feel it ended to quickly.The only negatives, as reflected in other reviews, is that the version of Neo Paris presented in the game begs for a more open-ended exploration experience, instead of the railroaded set-pieces in the game. I did not feel this hurt the game at all, and it's possible that any change to the structure would have taken the story off the rails and perhaps weakened the game overall. But I can't help but feel a little disappointed that there weren't more opportunities to freely explore the well-built world of Remember Me."
,Recommended,228300,11100721,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sleeping Forest,"Absolutely loved this game.My Gigabyte GT 440 from almost 4 years ago did it's best to play this game at max settings at 1680x1050 with a pretty intense overclock to keep up with it all and I have to say that I loved the storyline.sure there were a few glitches here and there concerning a certain fighting scene and me needing to google up some assistince for the riddles, but overall a solid 9.5/10 game for me."
,Not Recommended,228300,1924483,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Bernard,"It looks nice, might even have a good plot. But they ♥♥♥♥ed up and added an arcade fighting system that ruins the whole thing. Don't buy it.  :("
76561198008136917,Recommended,228300,11105606,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Botanical Hunter,"I'm going to be fair to this game because it deserves more than what it recieved when it was released.  It does have several flaws that people would find hard to look past.  Specifically the combat.  It's repetitive and offers little to no difficulty.  Few styles of combos and annoying mobs that leave you dodging blows for a long time before dealing them.However, the game has one releaving quality.  The story was new and refreshing.  Graphics were good too."
,Recommended,228300,11267482,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BNICE2ANIMAL,This game is really well done and the cityscape/art look the best of any gameI've ever played. Def recommended.
,Not Recommended,228300,11429576,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Fernando,"Good graphics and interesting story. Unfortunately the bad camera angles, crappy gameplay and horrible control system made me give up completing the story."
76561198003455732,Not Recommended,228300,2172920,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Maxil,"The game review from Game nexus “ Interesting and unique in its design…” which it is, but the game is NOT fun. Don't make the same mistake I did. Seriously, save your money for something else."
,Recommended,228300,11431618,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,kriz2,"Seems to be an interesting story, and it has very nice visuals. It plays like a console port, the cameras and controls make much more it difficult to play than it should be. Very Batman-ish combat, just not as refined. At times it seems that your inputs are just suggestions that the character chooses to ignore. Good in small doses, otherwise it gets too frustrating. I haven't tried it with a controller yet, but that might help a little."
76561198008314478,Recommended,228300,11436373,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Syrenion,"If you like great stories, deep characters and a not-so-far-future sci-fi setting like Blade Runner or Deus Ex, this definitely is the game for you. If you however, are looking for a highly challenging and complex gameplay experience, you probably should try another game like Bayonetta.The gameplay is not very innovative in terms of combat and parcour elements which are borrowed from games like Batman or Prince of Persia and streamlined to some extent, so even on hardest difficulty this game is not very challenging. However, there are some fresh ideas like the Combo Lab, which lets you customise the effects (more damage, hp regeneration, cooldown reduction and effect multipliers) of your combos, and the Memory Remixing, which lets you alter events that people remember. The latter is a very cool - and probablythesignature feature of Remember Me. The bad thing is that it's only used 4 times in the whole game. The good thing is, that it allows for very interesting and peaceful solutions to conflict situations in the story line. This is a welcome change in comparison to other games where reason seems to be dropped in favour of violence.The great strength of this game are its characters, the story and the setting.The first are well formed and complex, especially the main character Nilin, which felt very real and believable. She is a strong character, but doesn't shy away from showing emotions like fear and sadness, which makes her even more human. This too, is a welcome change to the average video game cast.The second surprised me completely since I'm not used to good storytelling from video games of that type anymore. The premise of storing memories and implanting in or removing them from the human brain is explored in some really nice ways and leeds to very unique plot twists and dialogues. The events are mostly unpredictable and there are a lot of surprises ahead. It even tickled some tears out of my eyes, which always is a big plus for games I play.The third is easily the strongest element of the game. I can't quite remember (pun intended) who said this, but it's absolutely true for this game: ""The game world is a character of its own with an own story to tell"" (or something like this). The levels are linear, but still the genius graphic design creates the illusion of climbing and fighting through a living and breathing cyberpunk city called Neo-Paris. All the areas are unique and beautiful, with an amazing level of detail that almost equals that of The Last of Us. There are so many objects everywhere like drones, service-bots, androids, advertisements, lights, artworks, statues, land marks, and so much more. This is one of those cases where the game actually looks like the artworks. It seems that the good old Unreal Engine is still the best engine to create Sci-Fi settings.Which brings me to the last point: the graphics. This game looks absolutely gorgeous without costing too much hardware power and even with medium settings you get an amazing visual experience that other games with higher requirements lack.The game takes about 9 hours to finish, but you can replay it and there are plenty collectables to keep you busy for another bunch of hours. Still, 28 Euros might seem a bit steep for such a short game, so maybe grab it when it's on sale. I bought it for roughly 10 bucks and am very happy with the price/value ratio so far.So yeah, if you like great, emotional, character driven story experiences and want to support creative writing, diverse representation and female fronted video games, don't let yourself be fooled by the unfair metacritic score. This is a must-buy for you!Also, this game has the cutest robot toy I've ever seen anywhere *o*"
76561197972328095,Recommended,228300,11440003,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,LoneHail,Gameplay is like Batman Arkham games.Soundtrack is great.I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,228300,12069463,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zasus,A fantastic future-noir beat-em-up. Worth the money when it's on sale.
,Recommended,228300,12070031,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,angry pepe,10/10 Most cinematic experience since Toy Story 3
76561198005146135,Recommended,228300,12070058,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,krylke,"väldigt intressant spel, fruktansvärt snyggt speciellt om du har en biffig dator så du kan köra allt på max. Huvudkaraktären är intressant och mekaniken är solid, påminner om stridssystemet i de senaste batman spelen med skillnaden att du kan utforma dina comboattacker hur du vill vilket var nice. Detta kan vara ett av de mest underskattade spelen någonsin. Rekomenderar det mycket starkt"
,Recommended,228300,12071889,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Snowz,"I do really enjoy the artstyle and look of the game, but be warned, the gameplay leaves MUCH to be desired."
,Recommended,228300,12062454,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mstq.,"Good story, good graphics and awesome fighting system."
,Recommended,228300,12064040,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,5alimI,"This is an awesome game.  I am not one for writing reviews buy I bought it on a Steam Sale.  I really don't get why it did not do better sales wise. Just a warning the opening level, after you escape, I played it on a 4k monitor and sometimes my fear of heights really manifested. :D"
,Recommended,228300,10998345,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cave,"This is a fantastic game, its a bit glitchy at times but it wasn't too bad. The storyline was great and the fight segments were chalanging with easy progression. The most trobling thing about the game honestly, was this weird panda doll that appears a couple of times.... its super creepy. also I didn't like the quick-time events (not too bad though)"
76561197999457927,Recommended,228300,10880700,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kuro,"Awesome game! the end boss much easier than the rest, - lots of new stuff to approve of! <3 cyberpunk games. Recommended!"
76561198062856452,Recommended,228300,10881110,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,OpenMik2,This game fits me as snug as the main protagonists skinny jeans
76561198085961803,Recommended,228300,10365159,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Nyphrodel,"This game was more like watching a movie. My Husband and Daughter both stopped what they were doing so they could watch me play. It was THAT engaging! In my opinion, a well written story is the key to a good gaming experience and this game delivered!!!"
76561198023628308,Recommended,228300,10304581,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,dustybunny47,"Amazing graphics, storyline and game play that is well rounded with an excellent use of audio to complement some thrilling action sequences.  Overall is a great game with a compelling storyline that I highly recommend.  (I also recommend using a controller, sometime using just a mouse can be difficult.)"
76561197970718403,Recommended,228300,10328324,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ProLogic,5/10
,Recommended,228300,10328802,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Typherion,"A little formulaic and linear, but otherwise a wonderful game. Follows a similar template to the prince of persia game, with tons of climbing and acrobatics, and close quarters combat. Unlike prince, though, you don't get any weapons, and your damage is entirely based on your (really cool) martial arts combos and a cool unique weapon you find random upgrades for. Defintely recommend trying it next time it is on sale :)"
,Recommended,228300,10203694,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"Kinda like a mix between Deus Ex Human Rev and Batman Arkham Asylum, solid but not as good as either of those in gameplay terms. Interesting story, strong visuals and imaginativeness but a real lack of interaction with both the environments and many of it's hinted inhabitants. As for the core dynamics, the core idea is great (remix memories) but happens few and far and when it does is far too linear to hold you (imagine if you were able to remix / change memories of any inhabitants you found the street to help you progress, now that would have been awesome).Even in terms of the many climbing sections in the game your very much restricted and spoon feed the way (this is the free-flowing climbing you may be use to or expect due to the likes of Assassins Creed series.Giving it a 6.5 / 10 overall due to bugs (had to replay a boss due to not being able to progress without all the minions out the way first, nearly got uninstalled there and then), the heavy linear nature and lack of interaction / exploration when such great art is on display. The strenghs come in the solid Batman-like free-flow combat (although not as good), wonderous visuals and strong story, worth it on a discount for sure."
76561198006049374,Recommended,228300,10197247,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,hdave74,"Interesting game - great graphics, well-done if formulaic art design, detailed world-building and some surprising hard sci-fi overtones in the story.I wish I could say it's a great game, but the actual play experience is fairly clunky and slow moving (even the custom combo system isn't that interesting). The middle difficulty seems almost shockingly easy, and the game gives you a constant compass lead for even the simplest platforming task.That said, I think there's enough unusual things here to make the experience worthwhile for fans of 3PA games."
,Recommended,228300,10218204,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,お母さん,"Not bad~Nice Story line~Love the remix moment,Hope the story will continue foward~"
,Recommended,228300,10223006,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[CPCFF]Big_Adam,"Its not bad, good solid 6/10.The controls are bit simple (either X or Y for everything on 360 pad), the story isn't too bad, the world of Neo-Paris is f'ing loverly.My only real negative, the camera is WAY too close. You got this amazing world and Nil's just there in the middle of the bloody screen.Still, I enjoyed it. Pick it up cheap in a sale, have your fun, and call it a day."
76561198055825125,Recommended,228300,10317510,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mantys,"Remember Me is a short game, but it might be one of the best that I've played in the past months.The story is very linear, and you should abandon any hope for decision-making right now, because you play basically along with the story. In fact, I fared pretty well (expectation-wise) as soon as I decided to see Remember Me as a story with several gaming elements instead of a game which also tells a story. Maybe a predictive story, but nevertheless an interesting and (at least for me) emotionally touching story.My opinion of the gameplay (apart from the story) is mixed:The fighting is fun; you get to design your own combinations by adding up different techniques, and the fighting itself is definite eye-candy.Controlling Nilin during everything else apart from fighting is a bit boring; the pathfinding system works maybe too well, climbing is no challenge at all, and have I mentioned already that you don't get to decide anything?The camera is not very helpful - I think that camera settings are well-made if you hardly notice that it is there at all. But in this game, I've tried countless times to change the perspective - only to find out that I could not.Other aspects:The graphics are beautiful. I could just play it again to look at the architecture, the streets, hell, even the advertisement managed to look interesting.The soundtrack is great, too - it captures the atmosphere of the game in general and of each scene in particular very well.I would recommend it to my friends (I already did) - but before you play it, please reconsider your expectations."
76561198093601617,Recommended,228300,9920410,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,AuxiliaryWig,Great game I love it!!
,Recommended,228300,9921265,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,j_mag94,"Remember Me is an ambitious project that combines melee combat with gorgeous scenery and an innovative story. You are Nilin, a memory hunter who has recently been captured by Memorize, the company that has made a monopoly on memory storage, and had her memories wiped clean. With the help of a mysterious aid, Nilin will combat the corrupted authorities in order to find out her identity, all on the artificially lit skyline of a futuristic Neo-Paris.Getting down to the nitty-gritty, the game is very interesting, if somewhat busy. The gameplay is simple enough that the game isn't awfully discouraging, but it feels like a lot of the mechanics are watered down. ""Exploring"" is a very loose term as there isn't much open space to wander through. The environment is riddled with invisible walls rather than actual barriers, which can get frustrating, especially when this makes finding ""hidden"" bonuses that much easier.The combat system is pretty light, basically just a button-mashing affair. You can customize how your combo moves work in conjunction, but other than that it's pretty straight-forward. Boss fights just feel agonizing because they require so much waiting around for some of your abilities to recharge, as well as fighting off lower-level enemies called Leapers, whose abuse of the Memorize technology has left them disfigured and less than human.Where the game really shines is its ""memory remix"" sequences. During these portions of the game, Nilin must manipulate parts of a person's memory to achieve a certain outcome. You rotate your mouse to move forward or back, as if watching a video, and zone in on ""glitches"" that you can change, whether it be turning off a gun's safety or simply shifting the location of an object. How you manipulate these glitches can result in a number of endings, although only one ending will ""complete"" the mission. These sections are really engrossing and fun to play with, but they are far and few between in this game.The story is delightfully convoluted, although you'll still struggle to understand the whole mythos of the universeafter finishing the game. It's sometimes too complicated to explain fully, which is a shame. This is where unlockable mnemist memories come in. You can find these in little diskettes through the game and read them in your extras menu. Sometimes it feels like there are plot holes or simply nonsensical decisions, but it usually plays out convincingly. The pace of the game and lack of real ""exploring"" potential make the whole narrative feel somewhat rushed.Overall it's a pretty decent game. If you're unsure of shelling out $20 for it, then just wait for it to be on sale. I got it for about $7 one day here on Steam and it was totally worth it. There is room for a sequel, which hopefully the developer will take advantage of and create a more fleshed out game. However, this game is not bad at all in itself. Definitely a recommendation from me."
76561198050351209,Recommended,228300,9904907,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,capt.crazyhorse,"Wonderful is a word I would use to describe Rememmber me. While it can be linear at times, the combat sytem art style and music pulled me into one of the longer game sessions that I have had in a while. I enjoy how fluid the combat system is, attavking, dodging; it controls smoothly and has an artistic feel to its motions. The music is stunning especially during some of the more complex memory sequences. Time remixing is another feature that stands out. The puzzle element is fun without being boring and it flows so smoothly between foward and reverse its like your in a movie. Worth checking out."
,Recommended,228300,9911632,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Foxinburrow,"Not very long, but i really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,228300,9935797,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ManoBird,"Great soundtrack, Great visual! Is not bad, but is not going to change your life."
,Recommended,228300,9561253,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Preacher,"I just bought this game as a midweek madness game and I must say that this game is worth every penny and beyond. Graphics are great and it plays smoothly here. I, being a pc gamer, even play this game with an Xbox controller and I still enjoy it a lot. And that says a lot since I once bought that controller for playing soccer only….and I cannot walk 2 mtrs straight with it..Up to the point where I am at this moment, the game is somewhat linear but every story-driven game has that… and besides.. I just started playing so a lot of game mechanics and such are still being introduced.In short: It is like Total Recall mixed with Splinter cell but this time with an attractive “Fisher “, a good storyline and nice game play. :-) If Splinter cell, Assassins Creed and such games are your games, you will like this game as well."
76561197994762037,Recommended,228300,9561588,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Savant,"As others have said, a real love-hate relationship with this game. I'll just give one pro and one con, and will try to touch on things that haven't been heavily discussed in other reivews.Pro - The themes of the game are excellent. This game takes modern-day issues about the commoditization of urban life in media and views them through a cyberpunk lens. There's a great Ghost in the Shell / Matrix vibe that runs throughout the game that makes this game a worthwhile addition to anyone who enjoys that genre, even considering all of the issues.Con - Beyond the shoddy controls, the uninspired combat mechanics (though there are a few fun parts to fighting), the quicktime events, the boring platforming... beyond all that, the thing that bugs more more than it ought... no saving? Really? Cant' save, have to rely on checkpoints? Why?Check out other reviews for more points, but these are ones I hadn't seen in my (admittedly brief) glance. Short form - If you like cyberpunk, if you like games that tackle philosophical questions about how we live today, and if you like games that bend your thoughts on what being a person means - pick this up. Play it on easy mode to minimize the annoyances of the games numerous flaws, and enjoy the storyline and characters, which are great. If you play games for the cool fights, the fun platforming, or the challenge of solving puzzles, this game's probably not worth it.I thought it was worth it, myself."
76561198023982780,Recommended,228300,9562229,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,M3ssiah,The combat can be redundant but the story is well done.
,Recommended,228300,9562646,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Remember me was a gripping title from start to finish. I got 13 hours out of the experience and I was not at all dissapointing. The story takes you on a journey of the dangers of forgeting our past and our mistakes. Remembering and learning from our mistakes is key to growing as individuals, businesses, and societies. Remember Me really put some key thoughts in my mind and gave me a lot to think about. On top of that, the graphics were beautiful, and the game had amazing combat and combos. The system allows you to create your own combos that give combinations of healing, damage, multipliers, ect.  I highly recomend this game. ~PR0XIDIAN"
,Recommended,228300,9564035,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Rasann,"A mix between Batman, Tomb Raider & the feeling of Mirror's Edge - really fun gameplay and amazing (in my opinion) story, very well executed and I would put this along with Tomb Raider in story & gameplay"
76561198005219100,Recommended,228300,9565220,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Bucha_G,"Brillent Concept, okay game for 9 pound you cant go wrong really just ashame it did aprently flop cause theres promise here i think in certain aspects."
76561198006276140,Recommended,228300,9565260,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[killjoy],"In all the time I was waiting for the price to drop on this game I had read both good and bad reviews, but have personally found it to be quite enjoyable so far.The female protagonist is certianly refreshing, though despite being a complete badass Nilin has about as much depth and complexity as the recently re-imagined Lara Croft (if not less); the reason for this being that she primarily interacts with herself and the brief moments shedoeshave conversing with others are done via commlink and thus end up being rather impersonal.The gameplay is mostly balanced between vertical platforming and combo-based 'beat-em-up' style combat. While the platforming doesn't really offer anything unique (missed opportunity if you ask me) it is handled quite well all the same. The combat, however, is part of what makes this game shine. Sure, on the surface it may not seem so different but the Combo Lab is quite a nifty innovation that allows you build your combos - and thus your play style - as you see fit. For each combo you unlock, you can mix and match moves (the actual button combinations are static) from various categories to build new and powerful attack strings; from power attacks to regen attacks and more.The Memory Remix mechanic is also unique and quite interesting, though sadly doesn't see much use. What it does is let you view a person's memory and alter it by scrubbing it for memory leaks which can then be manipulated in various ways. For example: your first encounter with this power has you erasing the memory of an ill loved-one from the mind of a bounty hunter and therefor eliminating her motivation for wanting you dead.The graphics are pretty solid and Neo-Paris is simply stunning - from it's towering heights to the murky bowels of the undercity below. Voice acting was really well done, even if the actual writing behind it often left something to be desired; Kezia Burrows (voice of Nilin) does a particularly awesome job. Music is halfway decent, too."
,Recommended,228300,9565350,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Great soundtrack, great setting, great combosystem. Love this game."
76561198044655462,Recommended,228300,9565885,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,GrimZypher,a modern AAA titel with a viewtiful atmosphere !!i love that game and im happy that i bought it ^^i bought it + dlc for 11€ and damn i would have even payed the launch price for that game !!buy it if you love games like deus ex cause it has a reall familia feeling to it (with out the shooting).must have titel indeed!
76561198005021094,Recommended,228300,2276595,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,screamingpulsar,"A deeply flawed, but incredibly beautiful game.The memory remixes that they used to sell the advertising only show up a handfull of times, which is regrettable. The combat moves, though visually interesting, are almost all designed to attack a single target, which is problematic when the majority of fights involved you getting mobbed by large groups. You spend just as much time dodging attacks as you do fighting at certain points. Thankfully, some of the Sensen abilities help greatly for crowd control, but the combat system is still troublesome. The parkour is actually quite limited as the game holds your hand and labels every ledge you can jump to, and thus others that look like they should work do not. In many cases the game gives the look of a sandbox but only allows you to travel a single path.All that being said, there are an number of positives. The graphics are beautiful. The character models (for named characters) are extremely well designed, and the visual aesthetic of Neo Paris really shines through in the level design and the architecture. They actually included a lot of little character animations that help add to the realism. Nilin rubs her arms for warmth in a cold server room, holds her arm in front of her mouth to avoid breathing in smoke, and even glances to the side occasionally as she is running, all little things that help you feel like she's a person rather than a puppet. The voice acting is extremely well done, and the dialogue is engaging. The world they have created is immersive, and it's the kind of setting that would make for a great movie.The biggest positive for me, though, is the story. This is one of the few games I've played in recent years where I've actually felt something for the character. As you play through the game, you can actually empathise with Nilin as she struggles to regain her memories and thus her identity, as she struggles with whether the ends justify her actions, etc. She is a uniquely strong and yet broken individual, and that to me makes her more likeable. Much like this game, she has her flaws, her broken and missing pieces, but she also has a strong presence about her that cannot be denied. Ultimately, I guess that's why I like this game. It's not perfect, just as she is not. But that makes it more, in a sense, human."
,Recommended,228300,9567917,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[⚶] BROSLIN,"Picked this game up for $10 on sale - I absolutely urge anyone who is an avid gamer to buy it.I have seen a lot of griping about a number of things, and I hope to put some of them to rest.  One example is that someone mentioned a seeming lack of imagination when it comes to enemies.  To that, all I have to point out is that great games like Bioshock, for example, literally had like two types of enemies - Splicers and Big Daddies.  That game is still widely regarded as a great title and this one is no different.  Enemy archetypes are low in number, but the variance in enemies is by no means small.  I found myself constantly enthralled by the evolution of enemies over time.  It definitely felt like they were ramping up the the difficulty as time went on (when playing on the hardest difficulty) and therefore I think they did fine in this department.Another thing people have mentioned is that they felt as though the combat system was strange or too simple - what have you.  The combat system is exactly like what you would see in Batman: Arkham Asylum.  It has that sort-of fluid momentum to it that I, personally, praise in video games.  So, if you liked Arkham Asylum's combat system, you will like Remember Me's.Things like the plot (I am about 50% of the way done) and the world seem to be wonderfully crafted.  The world especially is breathtaking.  In every chapter so far, there seems to be a subtle moment handed to the player to let them know that the environment is expansive and enveloping.  It really does well, with the majorly-accredited musical score that accompanies it, in making the player feel immersed.  The plot is interesting and holds up well to what I originally anticipated from the game.Another major gripe seemed to be the interaction with memories and the player's ability to alter them.  This was a minor pitfall in the sense that I felt like there needed to be more examples of this throughout the game.  Still, in the examples that have occurred up to where I am currently at in the game, I have had plenty of fun trying to solve the puzzles.  Sometimes you screw yourself, sometimes you accidentally alter it the wrong way - it /has/ to be limited to some extent but it is still really fun.I gave the game a 10/10 simply because I think it is a fantastic game overall, an wonderfully immersive experience for players, and a great addition to any gamer's collection.  If you can pick it up at $10, I would say it is entirely worth the cash if you have it on hand.As an afterthought, here are some games that it contains elements of as a means of comparison to your tastes: The Bioshock Series, Batman: Arkham Asylum, elements of horror similar to those in parts of Dead Space and Dead Space 2, Mirror's Edge, Assassin's Creed, and even some relation to Dishonored.  Super fun game, check it out in the very least and, if you get it, I definitely recommend tackling it with a controller."
,Recommended,228300,9584766,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"So far, so good.Some framerate issues, but im sure it would iron itself out if i installed on my SSD.Lots of Environment climbing, ala Assassins Creed; but not free form. There are only sections that can be climbed, but for some reason this game focuses on the traversal almost as much as the fighting. Fights are pretty predictable, at least in placement. New open area after climbing around buildings? Fight some dudes.Combos can be made by YOU, as you unlock different strikes. there are 4 types of attacks, with around 8 different options of each, as you play and unlock through pummeling many many foes.The story is a bit odd, but then again i started the game, then put it down for a few months; so i was a bit confused as where i was going and what the hell all these sewer dwellers were doing wrecking Paris...overall, it was worth waiting to buy this on PC instead of console."
,Recommended,228300,11198484,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Nothing special but I enjoyed it, worth a run through."
,Recommended,228300,11190459,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,clint,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game. It's one of those underdogs which never really got a real audience, despite receiving a fair amount of critical acclaim.The setting and the narration are very well done and manage to immerse you in the story and game, as well as motivating you to play on. The graphics are superb, making you pan you camera to either look at Nilin, the protagonist, or at the breathtaking scenery around you.The voice acting is superb, at least if you are lucky and wise enough to play it in English. If you are in doubt, I do recommend the English version - the voice overs for Nilin are very well done and render her as a vulnerable, reflecting person, despite the combat prowess she possesses.The only thing that bugged me are parts of the gameplay. Okay, it's a button masher game, at least on the easy difficulty setting, which I admittedly used. I wished to enjoy  the story without having frustrating moments of being beaten around in the combat scenes. But despite the easy mode, I still felt the game to be quite challlenging, which is probably due to my lousy reaction time. The quicktime-events in the boss fights surely made me growl, but luckily my memory is better than my button-mashing skill, so I simply memorized the correct keystroke-sequence.With combat being the defining gameplay element, I have to say that I found it annoying to be dumped into ""arenas"" for every fight, which kinda broke the immersion for me. Once you enter a fairly large enough room, you simply know there is a wave of enemies waiting to attack you. So you hop in, walk forward and then go through the ordeal, rinse and repeat until you stumble into the next large hallway.On the bright side, the player is prompted to alter ""dreams"" of other persons, meaning that you are called to juggle around bits and pieces of someones memories to make him or her believe in a different reality. With quite drastic consequences. I really enjoyed playing through these sequences, because it's been interesting and fun to watch the consequences of my""real time"" editing of the dream sequence.But well, all said and done ""Remember Me"" is really worth playing:- If you enjoy a dark, cyber-punk setting.- If you enjoy good music, good voice acting and believable characters.- And if you are able to go along with a quite monotonous combat gamepleay.If you are still in doubt, just wait for the next sale and get. It's a sweet piece of eye candy and cyber-punk narrative, which gives you the chills as well as the faint feeling of sorrow that you have to part from your heroine once the credits come rolling down the screen."
,Recommended,228300,10930743,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,Quite a nice game to play. If you like games that have a good story line with plot twists then you won't be disappointed. Combat system is a bit different with the combos being fairly overwhelming to start off with but after awhile I got used to them and found it pretty easy to string combos together. All in all a fairly pretty game with good feels at the end.
76561198040502178,Not Recommended,228300,4662535,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Batmanismybitch,Do thyself a favour and dont waste time and money on this bunch of muck...
,Not Recommended,228300,11481360,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,awesome.possum,"I have 1.8 hours of this game on record. I cannot play anymore. There are a host of reasons but I have two big ones:1) Clumsy gameplay - the controls do not feel tight or quick. There's a millisecond delay in actions, which you'll perform dozens of times in any given fight or environment. The ability unlocks, because you have to unlock abilities, are unclear and poorly given. You have four slots available? You only have 3 unlocks and you can't stack them. Want to use this ability we just gave you? Too bad we didn't give you enough unlocks to use it. You have to wait until some point in the future when the required unlocks appear, can be unlocked, and then slotted. Gah.2) The narrative is clumsier than the gameplay. Characters don't talk to each other as much as they vomit exposition. The characters have hilarious, goofy names like ""Edge"" and ""Scylla"" and ""Nilin,"" are looking for a place called the ""Conception Cube,"" and fight leapers - humans who, somehow, have become addicted to the brain implant device and mutated into quick, wall climbing cliches. How did that happen? What does ""Sensen"" addiction do? How is the government not involved in regulating the device that can control memory and destroy lives? Why does Nilin fight so well? Why does she fight with long, perfectly manicured nails? None of these questions will be answered.Skip it."
76561198041930003,Recommended,228300,9580729,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Attribute,"I was looking for a nice (light) RPG and found this on sale for $10. It's not the most open world experience and a little bit linear but being a relatively newcomer to these kinds of games, it works really well for me. The graphics and storyline, as others have mentioned, are stunning. If you play in 3D, it's very impressive. I've paid way more and had way less fun, let's put it that way.In only a couple days now, I find myself putting down my regulars and wanting to come back to it more. Definitely looking forward to finishing it (albeit I'm slow) and I can say if you are looking for a great expeience at a super value, you won't go wrong with this. Quite immersive. 9/10"
76561198000146392,Recommended,228300,9568225,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Singularity,really nice game great graphics and gamplay. It seems to me to have the feel of tomb raider the way of the gameplay and camera action. and the upgrades she gets in gameplay you can configure them to your fighting ability. It has a lot of action and intrigue all in all a really good game.
,Recommended,228300,9568411,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cheeebez,The story line so far is amazing. The fighting is a bit iffy but over all its great XD
,Recommended,228300,9569045,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,mashamoshpit,Whoever made the combat system dun goof'd but this game is beautiful for the eyeballs.
,Recommended,228300,9569966,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Sier0,"The most beautiful game ever. Its like experiencing a beautiful painting in 3d. I get lost in just walking around the city, If you dont have it, get it,."
76561197979095986,Recommended,228300,9572801,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,"Picked up on sale for 9.99. Excellent ♥♥♥♥ing use of funds. Looks great. Cool story. Interesting features. I give this a ""♥♥♥♥ Yes."""
,Recommended,228300,9574918,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lord Cleverpork,"An intruiging story, cool concepts, fun puzzles, and exciting combat makes this one of the best games I've bought in a while."
76561197962787182,Recommended,228300,9575452,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,RockStart,"Awesome game! I love the artistic style and the battle-system is nicely done. Very interesting ""near future""-scenario with nice features and a fascinating story. I can really recomend it!"
76561198121113370,Recommended,228300,9575634,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Aeternum Horizon,"Highly recommended for those who like cinematic games. The graphics are pretty unique and the combat is relatively similar to your typical beat 'em ups.The game's main feature is the story though, and because of this, everything is practically linear. It's practically impossible to get lost, since many branching paths just lead to a dead end, and the only things you can interact with are the things that progress you through the story. This might make some people lose interest, but because the story is quite immersive, it makes up for the linearity.Combat is pretty straightforward since you only have 3 options: punch, kick, or dodge. You'll then be able to equip special powers into combo strings, which can help you hit harder, heal yourself, or even grant special ability cooldowns. You gain all of these as you progress through the game, and each chapter practically (and conveniently) introduces a new element up until the finale. Animation is rather fluid and satisfying to watch, making for a rather entertaining experience whether you're playing or watching the game.Controls are a bit wonky at times though, but the game is quite forgiving and leaves you at a place close to where you left off in the event that you die. Camera angles can get a bit weird too, but only in certain spots without any events going on at the time. Overall a great experience."
,Recommended,228300,9567341,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,{FOA} †☨†Praying†☨,"Really an excellent game, the storyline is a twisting, but intriguing line with a very dark patch in it.  9/10 for story, as for combat 7/10 due to the repetative nature but still an interesting concept and the design of your own combinations is always interesting and allows for much versatility.  For that, the customizable system it gets a 5/10 because regardless of that it is still limited to only a set type of moves, and combos can only be initiated with a certian type of move.  All in all a 7/10 game, fun to play if you like stories, not if you want fighting."
76561198027350261,Recommended,228300,9808245,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,skunks,"Remember Me is an action-adventure video game. The game's plot focuses on Nilin, a memory hunter working for an underground resistance called the Errorists.For me a good game++++"
76561197960648149,Recommended,228300,9810389,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Taku ♪~,"I wish this were a better game.  Don't get me wrong, it's a fine game, but it isn't great, and I think it could have been.Let's start with the good.  The game looks fantastic.  The motion and facial capture are wonderful.  The model and texture quality are quite good.  The music was pretty good, though no single tune really stands out; what does stand out about the music is that, in battle, the music was context sensitive.  In addition, the music occasionally using distortion effects which go quite well with the aesthetic.  Speaking off, the casual augmented-reality look was super cool, even if it doesn't make the most sense sometimes.  Being a video game, however, I expect it isn't hard to let it pass.The game deals a lot with subject matter that could relate to what it means to be an individual or even have a soul, but it never seems to go in to it.  The morality of stealing or changing someone's memory is never addressed with any real effort.  In fact, the plot and themes in the game seem to have gaps.  If you've ever seen a 90s anime ""movie"" that was actually a cut-down of a four or five episode miniseries, you know what I mean; things just don't seem to line up perfectly, stuff doesn't get fleshed out like it could, new plot points are clumsily introduced and/or never explained, etc.  Early in the game you are introduced to ""leapers"", which are supposedly the result of people abusing the Sensen memory technology.  The problem with this is they are mutated hostile creatures, and how this physical change came about is never addressed.  I suppose from a story perspective, it is servicable, but never really blows you away.  I will say that I had an emotional connection to Nilin in particular by the end of the game, though not so much to any of the side characters.But that's enough about the story, what about the gameplay?  Outside of boss fights and memory remixes, you're mostly running around and climbing on stuff or fighting stuff.  Your ""Sensen"" will tell you where to go, and there really isn't any challenge to be had in these sections.  There was one section mid-game where you had to perform one of these sections under stress that was quite satisfying, but otherwise it is just to get you from point A to point B.  The fights are interesting at first, but once you get used to the mechanics of the combo system they can become tedious as they throw more enemies at you or you have to wait for a cooldown to progress further in the fight.Boss encounters are, for the most part, pleasing.  A couple of them were quite well thought through.  The memory remix sections are conceptually neat, but in practice are little more than scrubbing through someone's memory looking for things you can change and incrementally changing things until you get the desired out come.  If there were more freedom in your goals or how you achieve them through these sequences, it would probably feel more satisfying.  As it is, they are an interesting narrative device that was someone underwhelming in practice.For the most part, the game is a linear story.  It seems somewhat unfair to fault it for this, however, since many games are.  The difference is this game is underwhelming over all.  Is it worth playing?  Yes.  Is it a shame if you skip it?  Not really.  I would be interested to see more from this developer, or even more in this universe.  There is a lot of potential here.  The game just feels like there are gaps.  Compromises.  Like it is so close to being something really special."
76561197996046548,Recommended,228300,9385900,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Jawes,"Well...recommending this game really depends on how much you like the story.  The combat is not very good and gets in the way of enjoying the game.The memory bits, on the other hand, are quite good.  The remixes are what caught people's attention to begin with, and they serve as a great way to dissect the story.  Of course, there are only four of these sequences in the game, but other ideas like reliving someone else's memories to solve a puzzle, figure out a passcode, or avoid detection are excellent, and I hope Capcom focuses more on this in the future.  It is also very cool to run around in an augmented reality world.The main problem is that the balance of the game leans heavily towards combat, so again, the recommendation depends on how much you value story.  If you really want to uncover the mystery of Nilin's lost memories and are willing to hammer through the weak combat, you will enjoy this game.  If not, pick up something with much better combat, like Arkham Asylum or City."
,Recommended,228300,9888139,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,♥Baby Lofty♥,"Boy, do I love this game!I'd rate it up there with Portal 2 as a Piece of Art! Only Portal 2 have I put up there as that high.Also, just like Portal 2, I have to take hundreds of Screenshots as I play!"
76561197995464533,Recommended,228300,9890485,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Silvio Dante,"Oh Capcom. Nostalgia.The production quality is very high. Soundtrack is excellent, the attention to detail by the devs is very rewarding for the player.Simple yet enjoyable UI and gameplay choices make it a charming title.Remember Me is a very linear story driven  game done well - it's what i would have like the new Dues Ex to be.It tries to break up from the norm with some nice arcade style combat which is simple, perhaps repetitive, but rewarding.I have no idea why this game got ignored and scored poorly on meta critic.Set in a fantastic universe with a great story and solid voice acting, attention to detail and solid visuals.Wish people made more games like this still.Cons.Controls can be frustrating.Camera control can be *infuriating*.There is a lot of jumping at times (ala Prince of Persia).The price? (Grab it on sale)."
,Recommended,228300,9838705,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,AlchemistMayCry,"An interesting story let down by unpolished mechanics and an overly linear design. I'd like to see more from this particular universe, since the design of Neo-Paris is very striking and well-realized. It's a shame that it's so linear. The memory remix sections are well done and fun to play, the music provides an interesting fusion of orchestra and electronic. Graphically, it looks impressive and as mentioned before, the world feels very well-realized. The lackluster combat and platforming let it down. I'd recommend waiting on a steam sale to purchase like I did. My play time clocked in about 9 hours on the medium difficulty setting, Support it any way you can, and we might get more games like this: unique IPs that aren't just yearly sequels."
76561198010930917,Recommended,228300,11595171,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,CrazlikaFoX3,"Decent beat-em-up with interesting graphics and style. Enjoyed it up until I couldn't get past Madame to my dismay. It's not that she was really difficult, moreso the last quick time event wasn't working for me--the prompt says to press the dodge button, so I do, but she just throws me back into the phase two fight again and again. I tried holding the button, pressing the button gently, spamming the button, and even rotated the analog stick while spamming in a desperate attempt to get past that point, but nothing. It might have something to do with my SteelSeries controller, but I had no problem with the game up until that point. It's a shame, really. All the same--Remember Me is definitely worth checking out if you enjoy a good beat-em-up."
76561197976761722,Recommended,228300,11559168,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,HairyMary,Ok so I have a far better handle on the button mashing and I think this game is brilliant. The story is engaging and the visulas are great. One of my favourites.Excellent.
,Not Recommended,228300,17648672,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"Although the game has some really nice innovative ideasthe memory editing, they're poorly executed. The story is kinda interesting but it's hard to get into when the combat isn't any good. And it isn't, IMHO."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,228300,17651776,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"So you make a game with out a story... and then you relize you need a story, while watching a soap opera (since your unemployed and it's the middle of a weekday) you realize that would be a great story!  You change a few things around to make it ""cool"" and you think no one will notice.Well I did cause I too have been unemployed and home in the middle of a weekday! and no bad, bad game makers stop it!"
76561198038262073,Recommended,228300,17786313,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,{BRO} Gryphia Battlehawk,"Remember Me... oh... the potential is so totally there, and just barely misses it. The graphics are fairly well done, the story is multidimensional and rich, the combat and advancement system is pretty good. The mood, the music and the scenery all works of art in a noir-thriller kinda way. But the repitition in the short time that I played this game made me stop playing. The going from engagement to engagement and having to hit the same sequence again and again, and not messing up or losing my combo which was the only way to get something more exciting that kick kick punch going on, killed my enthusiasm.This is one of those hate to hate it games... because it is really a good work of art over all... and if you have more patience than I do, and don't mind a bit of repition in your game, then please do go for it. This is a good buy, but just in case you're on the fence, wait til its on sale. :) then you can still recommend it to others if you get a little short in the collar."
76561197971078704,Recommended,228300,491053,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,jonpol,This game is incredible! If the idea or the setting appeals to you I would recommend it without hesitation. Don't worry about the low ratings and miss out on an amazing experience.
76561198145604972,Recommended,228300,17781620,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,loader963,Not as polished as the arkham series or shadows of mordor. However it was fresh enough that I still enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,228300,17666466,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Frumple Nuts,Constantly wresting the camera to make it face your enemy.
,Recommended,228300,17525268,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Admiral Zogbag,"I am blown away by this game. The setting is beatiful and detailed, from the slums to high society. I spent the first few hours of gameplay moving slowly through the first level, taking it all in. The story is unique, intriguing, and has serious depth. Without spoiling anything, let me just say that the conept of remixing makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. This game will make you think, introspectively and about the big picture.Combat is also entertaining. Your combos can be heavily customized with more options than just ""this does more damage"". It's far from a hack-n-slash type game. There's also a good deal of Assassin's-Creed-style-parkour-ing, which is a marvoulous way to take in the beautiful atmosphere.I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,228300,17526838,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,N.tony,"You know how you always wonder why is there only AAA and indie games left? Well, this game here belongs to that almost forgotten niche of ""not-quite-A games"". It lacks the open-worldness and sandboxness of the AAA-games in the genre, but I would say it's a plus. The game is story-driven, and resembles more the Arkham Asylum game (even has an equivalent of those Scarecrow sequences), which suits the game pretty well. Though the game mechanics aren't as polished as Batman's, there is enough variability in composing the combos that suit your playstyle or current situation, and the game subtly encourages you to adjust them during the fight if you notice that your current style doesn't cut it.Apart from the cringy QTE finishing moves I mostly enjoyed the fights, and as to the climbing parts, they are pretty straigthforward due to the augmented reality overlay.The story is compelling, though I'd prefer a darker tone for this cyberpunk setting.All in all, I can't find many critical points - the game doesn't overstay its welcome and the mechanics are introduced at a nice pace for you to get used to. If you like close-combat action games and cyberpunk setting, give it a shot!"
76561198148461222,Recommended,228300,17527877,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sashman,"Just completed th game and was compelled to do it in only two sittings which is rare these for me.It was captivating with its setting and main protaginist Nilin.Combat was fun and interesting to mix up your combo s.Fun but i dont think everyone will like it.But if you do i think, you'll think it's a rare gem"
,Recommended,228300,17737880,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Yohner,"Really great game. I read several reviews of it saying it was not awesome, but it is! The art of the game, the music, the difficulty (if you play it on hard), the puzzles, etc. It's a great game you can enjoy with an entertaining story that can make you playing it for a vary large time. Sleep well and then play this game until finish it!"
76561197982448052,Recommended,228300,17711910,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,McCracken,awesome game so far. great fight system. graphics and story are tops. nice system of rewinding and changing memories. bought on sale and its well worth. hidden gem. cause i bought it and let it set in library this long.
,Recommended,228300,20512107,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,(IHR) LocallyGrownButterLettuce,stop reading the reviews and get the game already.this is just time youve wasted where you could be playing Remember Me.10/10edit: still waiting on sequel..
,Recommended,228300,28035042,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Masodik Tiasma,"Paris! See the sights! Enjoy the quaint ambiance! Look, the Eiffel Tower! Oh, and a deadly Pan-European civil war might have happened, the city might have have been nuked and flooded and suffer presently under a tyrannical oligarchy, but Paris will always be Paris!And the combat isn't as bad as reviews said."
76561198041452128,Recommended,228300,28038148,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OrcishSpacesuit,"Showed me a thoroughly different picture of a world, and had no glaring flaws that stuck out and got in the way.  If you enjoy exploring concepts through the lens of science fiction, especially in an immersive world dedicated to that task, this may be for you."
76561198038866819,Recommended,228300,28007562,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MasterGruntman,The scenery is epic. The gameplay is fun and a decent sci-fi story. Mental tech weapons is something I've never really seen in another video game
,Not Recommended,228300,28151483,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,thrawnhill,Meciocre story that crashed quite a bit.
,Recommended,228300,28127139,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sharovasea,Nice game =)
,Recommended,228300,28103975,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DestrOyeR_MeePo,Nice game .U should play it.
76561198040236903,Recommended,228300,24354492,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Tonkoe_Lezvie_Sna,"Rather interactive movie then usual computer game, this game has a decent story and interesting ending. Must have to all cyberpunk lovers."
,Recommended,228300,25220735,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lui,Buy it. It's worth it.11/10
76561198130649722,Recommended,228300,25188453,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,anatolrudolph,Like cyberpunk and badass ladies? This one's for you!
76561198247872632,Recommended,228300,25105402,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,spheencks,Fighting Madame and the camera slips under the freaking platform.10/10
,Recommended,228300,25105963,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,NelsonBlackout,Does not play well with a mouse and keyboard from what i am finding. Great game just pc controls suck.Recommend a Controller.
76561197966247181,Not Recommended,228300,25104826,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,toddells,"Set in a sci-fi dystopian future, the gameplay is very similar to Batman: Arkham Asylum.  The premise is excellent and it is refreshing to see an atypical lead character.  I really wanted to like this game, but unfortunately it falls flat in a number of areas.  The game is VERY linear.  While this isn't always a bad thing, the writting and much of the voice acting just aren't good enough to make the journey engaging."
,Recommended,228300,25078094,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Daimyo` 大名,"This game is awesome. I love it. The story i wonderful, superior creative, just only one thing: the clise...still a ""boss' kiddo"" story. That's the only stuff what can be better.The design, the characters, the world...(france and paris is not my fav., but still fantastic feeling to look around in neo-paris) with some scarry moments...Take a try! Really!"
76561197967288772,Recommended,228300,25022648,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,D64NZ,"I've owned this one for a long time and every now and then it's one game I come back to and replay it. It's not massively challenging but once you get the rhythm right it is a lot of fun going into fights of 4 or 5 guys and just wailing on them. The combo system is pretty basic once you get it but it does offer the player some options. Hint- when you are new at the game put you healing buffs on the easy combo to give you more time in the fight and more practice at the longer combos.Otherwise yes it is a linear story, but I don't hold that against it. I think of it as playing a movie, and honsestly after Assassins creed 50 I'm over sandbox games where the story is chopped into so many bits it never really flows anymore.The graphics are amazing and while not a huge number of locations you get the atmosphere of each of them.There were two points which were hard to get through and mostly because what you have to do to get past them is obscure but if you really get stuck there are heaps of help guides to get you through. The rest of it, get good. It's not Dark Souls hard but it's the only game I have with this certain feel to it in the fighting scenes. You just get in the zone and are thinking 3 punches, possibally with a flip in the middle, ahead."
76561198025321433,Recommended,228300,25115563,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,American Currency,"Remember Me is a very good game about the moral question of ""What would you do if you could alter someones memories and store them, view them and even delete them""? It sports a believable future world but the stay in it is, sadly, over all too quickly with an average playtime of 7-9 hours, maybe a little more if you want to go back for collectibles. Holding it back is it's flawed fighting system which is essentially ""Batman Arkham Asylum Lite Edition"" with very little depth and only artificial customization. That, however, is easily balanced out by it's excellent narrative (which starts out weak but gets better over time), gripping story, believable world and excellent ""Memory Remix"" Scenes.Personal Verdict: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,228300,25136346,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,daniuse,"Remember me is actually a good game.It has deep world in which you believe. It has emotional story and characters you may really like.It's dinamic music is one of the greatest I've seen in games ever.That's a pity that actually plaing the game is sometimes quite more boring than seeing it or hearing or enjoing the story.Fight mechanics are okay, puzzles are really nice sometimes and parkour is sometimes brilliant.But, especially in the end, there is just too much of that. I got tired beating and beating and beating all of the enemies with my superpoweres like superbatman.The main advantage of a game is great antiutopic science fiction story. Sometimes gameplay whith its' really not realictic convetions just makes it more difficult to enjoy.But still it is a very good game."
76561197968788451,Recommended,228300,25172649,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,n0b3dience,"It's kinda like Assassin's Creed...  if Assassin's Creedwasn'ta derivative, boring and uninspired money-grab, and instead actuallyhada solid, though-provoking backstory reminiscent of Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥, rather than the muddled, plot-hole-a-plenty Abstergo story-arc (the sort of thing only a moron would think is ""smart writing"") that's just a thinly veiled attempt to keep releasing the same tired♥♥♥♥♥game year after year...On second thought, it'snothinglike Assassin's Creed.* (Seriously, Steam? That's his surname! I can't call him ""Phillip K. Richard"", everyone is gonna think I'm dumbass ♥♥♥♥tard! ♥♥♥♥!)"
,Recommended,228300,24943749,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fizzybubly,"Like The other Don't Nod title the ending let me down a bit.But all the chapter conclusions, game play, and mid story plot, dialogue, acting, and twists make this and the other Don'tNod titles incredibly enjoyable.They make games with this great artistic flair and care that is missing from so many video games and films. I don't like Vampire plots, but I'll buy that upcoming DontNod title, just because it's them.9/10"
,Recommended,228300,30847410,Posted: 30 March,all,rixu,"Good game. The story is excellent but the mechanics have their quirks at some moments and the camera is a bit annoying on some spots.The levels are quite compartmentalized which makes going back impossible, which means that if you miss a collectable you might miss it completely just by going forward a few meters.But overall it was a good experience :)"
76561197961720383,Recommended,228300,11387842,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Till,"I picked this game up during one of hte steam sales and didnt really expect much.  Wow was wrong.  This game has one of the best story lines outside of the Mass Effect line.  Its combat is fun, fluid, and quick to pick up.  My machine is a I5 sandy with 8 gig of ram and a 770gtx and this game has to be some of the most amazing video graphics I've seen.The skinny: get this game when its cheap, beat it, enjoy the story, and move on.  WELL worth the $5."
76561198009514092,Recommended,228300,11374617,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Devinlor,"Every once in a while there is a game that is good. Then there are games that are really good. Then there are the games that change everything because they are so good that they set a standard in gaming. This game is that in every way. It got a bad reviews by idiots who must've been bored with the gaming industry. But this game is extreme in its visual story, graphics, concept, audio and origionality. I definately recommend it."
,Recommended,228300,11564443,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Cobes,"I love the whole social networking and digital integration thing being put into this light. The visual style of this game is very unique. Not very demanding, but amazing graphics, non the less. It has an amazing story, and a good ending. I definately reccomend."
76561198044702724,Recommended,228300,19725564,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,comicgirle,"I absolutely loved this game. I understood Nilin's sad childhood and it's an overall very depressing game, so the emotional appeal worked for me. There wasn't really any chance to explore Neo-Paris and if they did this like Gravity Rush, I think it would've worked better (missions with a set path but time to explore the city for as long as you want between missions). Spoiler: I didn't actually expect for Nilin to be the daughter of Sylla because I figured that it was just another remix like she did with Olga. I really liked how they did that because it wasn't super obvious until she's calling the little girl in the backseat by the protagonist's name. Another thing that could've been done for Remember me would be to have more chances to remix because it's so interesting, but maybe have slighlty less depressing remixes because I always felt sad after them (especially because you make a husband die, a man kill his wife which led to his suicide, blaming the mother instead of the child for a car accident, and having a father kill his daughter). Overall though, this is honestly one of my favorite games now because it drew me in with an interesting story, awesome character designs (espeically the holographs), and a heck of a lot of emotion. I am definitely going to look for more games made by DONTNOD. (Btw Jax and Nilin were precious together.)"
76561198127874396,Not Recommended,228300,19746545,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,mariskaas,"To be clear, this is not a strictly negative review, it is possibly fun for some people but for me there were more negatives then positives. Also note, I did not finish, I just did not want to. Anyhow:Pro's- Interesting story (as far as i got with it)- The world is very cool and has pretty good graphics, I like the way neoparis is presented and the extra history and information about you can find here and there- You have an interesting ability to change peoples memories, which is cool- Combat was weird but ok, interesting that you can create your own- Music and voice acting is quite goodCon's- The combat is very weird, I could not for everything figure out how to do my combo's- Boss battles seem to be fixed that you can only do them in a certain way, which i do not like (made me rage quit several times)- The world is awesome but you can barely explore any of it. I do not mind the linearity that much but it would have been nice- The climbing ; there is just one way to do it and it is showed always where you need to go. Since there is just one way it is nice that they show you, otherwise it would be a pain, but free climbing would be much more fun- I kind of dislike the main character, do not feel the motivation to fight for herTo summarize: the idea is good, the world is awesome and interesting. But the gameplay lacks so much that I just did not want to waste my time finishing it, I will watch the ending somwhere. I guess the combat is not that terrible in a way that it will suit some people, or they can live with it. I could not say if the story is worth it, but taking in the sights sure is.Buy this game in a steep sale if you really want to try it."
76561198205829880,Not Recommended,228300,19758386,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,CirqueDuSoDeus,"This is more a request for support or help than a review, At the point where you are first going to Matthew's or whoever it is that starts with an M, ive now forgotten somehow, bar, when you jump across the gap to the wall behind you and grab the air conditioner panel, after the little cutscene, i am hanging on the wall down below the screen and there is no way to get to the ledge where I am supposed to be, and its not hanging on a ledge either, its hanging below the ledge you should be on, i am physically incapable of continueing the game, if someone could assist me with this, either a developer or someone else who knows how to fix this problem, that would be great"
,Recommended,228300,19504127,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tikuanyin,"Excellent game overall.Pro: Superb story, easy to use combat and controls, amazing artwork.Con: Few bugs with objectives not completing and had to restart the mission only happened 3 times the whole game.  Building combos in the combo screen is annoying to figure out but once its setup dont have have to mess with it too much. But these are minor compared to how enjoyable the game is overall."
76561198027545046,Recommended,228300,19489551,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BloodyFoot,"While certainly not the most technically impressive game, Remember Me has a pretty aesthetic to offer along with a story that gives you something ot think about. The controls are a little janky and the tutorial for maneuvering the combo lab could be better, but the combat is satisfying and no more deep than it needs to be to serve the story. Some side characters are woefully underused and the their voice acting is hit or miss at times. The score is fantastic and suits the game very well. Give it a shot."
76561198007479143,Recommended,228300,19476450,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zwicken (7w34kr),This is what a game should be! The gameplay blends genres like a bananna split smoothie. My only complaint is that there are too few scenes where you can rewrite memories. It has replay value.
,Recommended,228300,19429797,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,-AW- Adretheon,"I guess I can recommend this game. It's got a decent little story line, but its the combat system that actually kept me playing. With a nice world to play in as well.While the game is about as linear as a game can get, the Devs did a really good job building the world. Every scene felt alive beyond the path you walked. People walked the streets, and drones flew around doing their daily tasks. It was really nice walking around in the game cause it felt so alive.However it was also the visuals that made the game's largest issue. Because the game uses a, lets say Mirror's Edge style, blinding brightness it made combat difficult. You couldn't see the icons above the enemies heads because everything blended together and made it very difficult to see in some areas. Especially in the Kid Xmas fight.When the lighting and the scene didn't make combat hard to play, then the game shined. The fighting is fast paced, forcing you to change in and out of combo styles to fit your needs at any moment. This kept me on my feet, and interested in playing. I'd be using short power combos to fight off the little guys, and then a long healing combo on the bigger enemy. Only to then switch the short combo to a (whever they called the cooldown one) combo to make my skills come back faster for crowd control. On top of that adding in the 3rd person cannon was fun to throw into combat. I found myself wishing for a Megaman game in the same style.Is the game perfect? No, but it is still fun to play. I wouldn't buy it full price though. Only cause it took me 10 hours to beat, and if it hadn't been for the lighting making combat harder than it was, I'd have beat it in less.I'd like to see a 2nd game, only because the ideas in this game were really cool, just not fully developed."
,Recommended,228300,19645034,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Drunk Armadillo™,"Nice graphics , Ok story , I like the gamplay, But i love the idea of being able f@$# with the memory of someone.8.5/10"
76561198085344467,Recommended,228300,19731199,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hostile,Great game. Totally underrated.
,Recommended,228300,19518440,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Phroday,"TL;DR - This title certainly doesnt get enough credit. It is actually quite a fantastic game, it just has a few pimples. Great atmosphere and story with gameplay that is only kind of weak.The visuals and setting are truly second to none. It is set in a crazy future version of Paris. The style ranges from a dripping rotten underground to a sterire futuristic magnificence. Every location could me a painting for all the subtile details and raw artistic effor put in. 10/10The story is extremely good and well told. The world removes and adds memories to themselves at a whim. Think a combo of Eternal Sunshine and Total Recall. Some people have not fared well with this and have turned into brain damaged Gollum like creatures. You are an Errorist, sworn to take down the people resposible. Great characters and acting throughout. 9/10The gameplay really breaks down into two elements.First, is combat. It is a 3rd person beat-em up that functions a lot like Arkham. Except your combos are set into 4 specific ones, plus you have a dodge. Now, where it gets interesting is the effects you can attach to the combos. You can assign each button on each combo with a different perk. You can have it be strong, heal you, or reduce the countdown on your specials. Plus there's 5 different special attacks and your little gun-like thing. On the whole, it is a lot of great ideas, but it is fairly clunky until you get used to it and still clunky even then. 6/10The other part is a lot of platforming which is pretty par for the course if you have ever played a game like Uncharted. Jumping, hanging, maneuvering around a space. Works well. But then there are these Memory Remix segments where you go into a person's head and alter one of their memories to suit your causes. This is possibly the best part of the game. You make small changes, like moving a table or releasing a lock, and they end up changing the scene entirely. These parts were so much fun. My only complaint is that there were not enough of them. 10/10On the whole, this is a great game that you can get for pretty cheap that should chew up a solid 7-8 hours of your time.8/10 Overall."
,Recommended,228300,19809103,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Arch Bisshop,Beautiful game! Interesting concept with a smooth fighting system.
76561198076771091,Recommended,228300,19514586,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ZerK,"just finished the game, and i must say, this game had one of the best story lines of all the games i've played, in general the game is pretty good, decent graphics, fluent combat style with a cool dodges and the powers are interesting because sometimes u need them not just to beat enemies up but to solve puzzles too, the only problem i see in this game is the cooldowns and the repetitive enemie waves, in the end i give hem 9/10"
,Recommended,228300,19825023,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Waaro,"A fairly short game (finished it in just over 13 hours), but an amazing and beautiful game nonetheless. Some fairly interesting concepts and ideas are implemented into the story, some of which I wish there was more chance to mess around with, but all-in-all it was a really great game. Somewhat on the rails (pretty much one path to follow throughout the entire game), but all-in-all still a very amazing and immersize story and game. Only other notes are that the combat system is fairly simple (though very fluid and not over-simplified, so it's still entertaining) and that the camera failed me on a couple minor moments (but resetting fixed it instantly). I picked it up on a sale, and it was definitely worth it. Here's hoping you consider doing so too."
76561198099070916,Recommended,228300,19916937,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tasteless,Not bad but i hope it gets a sequel that focuses more on the interesting parts of the gamePros:Reasonable combatThe memory remix partsLooks amazingCan make your own combosOk storyCons:Dont get to explore the more interesting parts of the gameWay too much platformingA bit too easy at timesCombo building is not very deep
,Recommended,228300,19770490,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,R1cooo,Wonderful and overwhelming Game. Something for People who like straight storylines with littel things around (like collecting stuff).About a Future with People transparent like glass.I enjoyed playing this very much. :D+Packing Story+Cool setting+nice soundtrack-sometimes not that good translation (german)-sometimes not that good graphics
76561198018739091,Recommended,228300,19769923,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Slider1991,"Just beat this game and I have to say I have had a blast playing it. Bought it on the latest steam sale although I've had my mind on it since it was first announced. Played this also after beating the developers 2nd game Life is Strange. So my expectations were high and I'm pleased to say they were met. The visuals are stunning and the story is great(imo). The only downfall is the combat gameplay, however, you get used it.  Give it a shot and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,228300,20020220,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yinoguns,"Remember Me is a game developed by DONTNOD, the creators of the more recent 'Life is Strange' (which I badly love).I wanted to play this game before, I heard some good things about it and it looked like alot of fun; the combat I can say is alot of fun, rewarding creativity in the combo choices that you design and reguarly adding a new (but sometimes simular) form of enemy to keep your gameplay evolving and adapting.If you are into getting all the collectables, then this game will offer you replay value. If not or you are over zealous then the game will offer you a memorable (pun intended) experience with a good story, fun combat and every now and again a mini-game that see's you remix a memory of someone to skew their perceptions more...favorably.Baseline, I really enjoyed the story & gameplay, but I doubt I will revisit the game for collectables as I am not a completionist."
,Recommended,228300,20051691,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Boob Expert,"One of those must play games if you are looking for a fantastic story line that will end up in a way unexpected. This game reached far beyond my expectations and the story touched me ever so. The dynamic gameplay is so unique, every time I died (Yes, on the easiest difficulty) the fights would be different when fought again. There are also so many collectables in this game that can eventually change your outcome later in it that seem worthwhile to look for. This game gets a 9+1 out of 10 from me."
76561198012509803,Not Recommended,228300,20265046,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,>::Nmap::<,"While I think Don't Nod are great developers and, like everyone else, I loved Life Is Strange. This game is way too hard. Just setting up the intiail combos is almost impossible. They messed up by having the game be WAY to complicated, with very little help in-game to figure out what the hell you're supposed to be doing at any one point in time.If you want an in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tion to a really well done Don't Nod game, try Life Is Strange."
,Recommended,228300,20248925,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mythias,"Play it for the scenery porn. Seriously if you are looking for challenging gameplay and beating stuff up this is not the game for you.Story-wise though, it actually has a really good plot, although I kind of wish that the characters were more memorable (lol) since they were quite bland."
,Not Recommended,228300,21045997,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Waz,Camera behaviour is pretty nauseating - constantly grabbing control from you and twisting you around while you're trying to move. Can only play in brief stints which makes it hard to keep track of the story.
,Recommended,228300,21084011,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MeTT,"Beautyfull game, for some people the fighting mecchanics are a bit clunky but my experience let me fully satisfied with it.A great game with a greath story full of twists and well written sequences, i'd say it 's definately worth buying."
76561197960807589,Not Recommended,228300,21056088,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zewy,"Console port says it all... the game starts laging after 20min of gameplay... I can play fallout 4 on max settings it still runs better then this... The game is like riding a train you can't explore, just gap some power ups one turn left or right most of the time... and you can't go back to find anything..."
,Recommended,228300,21035815,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Vicious,"A Future, Sci-Fi, Cyberpunk, mystery/thriller. I must say up front, I truely loved the storeline, and found it captivating, well written, and really enjoable to play through.Pros:-Excellent Story - One of the best of the genre-Great graphics and visuals (when you take the time to look around, or can (more on that later)-decent music, ranging from etherial, and moving, occasional annoying glitch dubstep styles during fight scenes-very stable game - no real play through issues-the memory remix scenes very unique and A LOT of fun, like a little Minority Report in the middle of an action gameCons:-Platforming! Platforming! Platforming! - A lot of needless, boring, platforming. It too bad because it take your attention aware from how beautiful the city scapes can be (sometimes it does give a great persepetive of height and elevation too). But honestly - I played through the game on standard setting in about 8-10 hours - by no means trying to rush it - but if you take out most of the useless platforming elements, the game would be 3-4 hours tops.-Typical Capcom crappy port from console. Lazy key bindings a lot of ""Start/Enter,"" ""Back/ESC,"" picture of a mouse with arrows instead of the thumbstick.-As stated above, the controls can leave something to be desired, and feel clumsy and ackward sometimes. A few times I died or loss a fight beacuse of controls and not skill-the camera angles can be ackward at times and make things challenging.Overall - I really enjoyed the game. The story was beautiful, unique, and well written. I will likely remember the plot line for a long time. I paid less than $7 for this on a steam sale. It was definitely worth it. Is it worth $30.....no, wait for it go back on sale."
76561198171431871,Recommended,228300,21011555,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Polobronson,"I loved the entirety of this game, the game's story never felt too repetitive and I haven't been able to get over the ending of this game since I finished it. Would recommend for everyone."
,Recommended,228300,21007442,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rumbletoad,"the only thing I remember about this game is that one of the abilities is unironically called ""Rest in Pieces"""
,Recommended,228300,20768663,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Intercourse,"Summary : A 3rd person Action Adventure game about a memory thief who can steal or alter anyone's memory at will. The story is good. The gameplay is ok but a bit too easy and could have been something greater. The graphic and world design is GORGEOUS and the music is very good too.Pros :- Very beautiful graphics and world design- Good story- Interesting combat and memory mixing mechanic- The music is a mix between symphony orchestra and EDM. I like ""most"" of the musicCons :- Horribly linear. Sometimes you missed an item and the way behind you is now closed so...TOO BAD :)- A bit too easy. I play on the normal difficulty and I never die once in combat (but I die from falling so many times lol)- Bad writings here and there.(But the overall plot is kinda good)- It could have been something much greater with more effort. Maybe an open world game? But I think the devs are busy with Life is Strange and their new project now. Oh well..."
,Recommended,228300,20671342,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jimmi,+ Good story+ Very nice and detailed setting+ Memory remixes are awesome- Horrible camera and control- Mostly fights and easy puzzles
76561198124482181,Recommended,228300,20667115,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,bassmickey,"Cool game, fun gameplay and greatly underrated."
,Recommended,228300,10925319,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,StrangeAxle,"The ideas are there.  The story progression is very cinematic and pretty much seamless.  The in-game logs are great if you want some backstory or history of the world of Neo-Paris... Graphics are pretty top-notch and inventive for a dystopian future.The combo lab is a great idea.  However, the execution is awful.  The horrible delay and laggy controls just absolutely KILL this game for me.  I just must be used to instant cancels or something.  But there are times you'll attack, see an impending attack being telegraphed, and you'll hit 'Dodge' but Nilin will insist on NOT dodging, or just ROLL right into the attack.  I'm gonna try and beat it, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..EDIT after beating it (1/10/16) :  It's definitely a different experience and worth a sale purchase.  The story, the world of Neo-Paris, is worth some of the trouble going through the game.  Granted, I was playing on Memory Hunter and not sure yet if things are different going through on the Normal Difficulty.  The game does suffer from repetitiveness, and the main idea behind the combat needs to be fleshed out a little more.  But overall, the combat can be fun at times if everything goes right.  There are certain enemies in the game that can make the combat quite troublesome -- later on in the game there are robots that have a huge explosion radius that sometimes are very hard to dodge in closed-in hallways and rooms.  There are also lady cyborgs that show up in the second half that sometimes you won't know are there and will get in a free shot at you.The dodging is still very finnicky, and there are telegraphs like sounds or visual animations, but you have to be super careful in your button presses, for the system likes to commit to attack animations.  There aren't very many cancel options and it can become grueling at times.  But I feel it is well worth the trouble to experience some feels towards the end of the game.With that said, this is a game I'll probably play through again.  The game is pretty linear, but there are a few minor secrets you can find throughout the game, and sometimes just looking at the sights and finding secrets is a good break from the somewhat frustrating combat.I HAVE changed my recommendation, because after beating the game and sifting through the artwork and story of the world -- a LOT has been put into the artwork, story, and characters.  I feel that the gameplay was kinda cut short because of that reason and who knows whose fault that is (theirs or Capcom's).  But all in all, I feel Remember Me does deserve a chance, and if DONTNOD were to go back and address certain gameplay issues with a (spiritual) sequel to this, I'd be more than willing to give it a go."
,Recommended,228300,21130435,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Roborovski,"A fun game for CASUAL gamers.I'm always looking for either a challenging game OR a game with a good plot. Remember me has a fun game, with an interesting plot, but both fall a bit short. The gameplay isn't very hard once you get used to the mechanics, and you might never die to enemies. Certain battles were tedious at times, but not hard, which made it a bit boring if you aren't playing with a fairly relaxed attitude. The plot was actually really interesting to me for over half of the game, but then plot elements started jumping out without warning and they tried incorporating plot twists I was able to predict an hour before I got to them.Overall, it's fun to play on a day off but don't expect anything fascinating, just a bit fun."
,Not Recommended,228300,21013827,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrHrulgin,"Crashes on startup, refused to give a refund."
76561198016397464,Recommended,228300,21093778,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BigShaman,"This game's world design is one of the best I have ever seen in a cyberpunk game and made me wish there were more sci-fi titles with such detail in gaming. Sadly, the main mechanics of the game are not so good: platforming is linear, combat is repetitive and not satisfiying and there are some useless stealth sections (against lifeless drones which cannot be attacked). The memory remix sections are enjoyable, but they are just four in the whole game, which is a shame. The boss fights are also uninventive and slow. The story is okayish but it made me feel like they could have added something more. Overall Remember Me is a good game, a bit anchored to some really old mechanics, get it if you find on sale and you are a sci-fi\cyberpunk fan.Cheers"
76561198006798496,Recommended,228300,2399259,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Frisbee,"In an attempt to be partial, I'll start with the drawbacks. It is extremely linear and it has QTEs.And now for the main thing : THIS is the second most amazing game science-fiction story I've ever played, right after the Half-life series, but before Assassin's Creed and Mirror's Edge. If you have a thing for science-fiction and good movies, it is totally worth it."
,Recommended,228300,21649172,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DireMuffin,"This is a solid 7/10: I enjoyed it, but it could have been done better.Easy pros: it's a very pretty game. Gorgeous graphics, interesting character design, and the world is gritty and interesting enough that just wandering through would tell the story clearly. The voice acting is great, the sound design does a good job complimenting the game's conceit, and the music is good (if a bit indecisive). And hey! The main character is female, and her sex makes literally zero difference! So that's cool.Easy cons: it was buggy. Once I had to reload from a checkpoint b/c a door didn't open fully, and once I had to watch the same cutscene twice because it loaded wrong.However, there are a handful of more complicated cons that I'm going over in more detail: the gameplay and the writing.For the actual gameplay, it felt as though they couldn't quite make up their mind for what kind of game this wanted to be. Is it a puzzle game? There were two riddles, and a handful of 'puzzles' where you need to be clever to navigate. Is it a free running game? Well, there are a lot of those sections, but there are arrows that tell you exactly where to go, and you never have multiple options. Is it a fighting game? The combat does include combos you can set up that do various things. Is it a game that needs quicktime events? No, but they add them anyway. Is it a game where you manipulate people's memories? This happens three, maybe four times in the game (that took me 8 hours).There's too much going on, and they don't know how to handle it.As a result, they treat the player like a bit of an idiot - everything is railroaded *hard*. There's one 'puzzle' where you need to arrange hanging carts in a multi-floor warehouse to access a door, and I was curious how railroaded it was, so I didn't look at the big picture. I followed the pointers telling me where to jump and the buttons I needed to press, and 5 minutes later I had 'solved' it.Because they have a bunch of mechanics, they feel the need to walk you through each of them in case you forgot. Each mechanic alone is kinda cool (enough that I'm not dissuaded from playing), but it gets a bit ridiculous sometimes.The writing was interesting, and I'm torn. On one hand, the story itself is cool, and I didn't expect the direction it took at the end of the game. On the other hand, the game forces you to make decisions that kinda don't make sense. For example, one of your first big missions is to destroy a dam above the city. Who in their right bloody mind would do this, without knowing why? Or be surprised that a ton of people die, and innumerable others have their lives ruined? Our protagonist, apparently. She's treated as a hero, but nobody seems to call out the fact that she's clearly psycho. Towards the end of the game, you need to make a memory modification that I found very uncomfortable, but it was interesting - I'm assuming that was the intent, but it was a bit ham-fisted.Another point against the writing is that the main character does these unnecessarily dramatic monologues at the beginning of each 'chapter' that drive me crazy - they sound like a teenager trying to be deep when going on about the woes of their life, and they're florid and just silly.Overall, I'm intrigued by the main character, but I find her monologues annoying, and some decisions she makes completely irrational. I just don't get her. But she has her moments, and while I really don't *get* her, I did end up liking her. Just as that kind of friend you don't really want to listen to when they're in one of their moods.So as I said above, this is 7/10 and kinda exactly what you'd expect of a AAA game. A ton of money went into making this game gorgeous and appealing, but it was torn in multiple different directions with the gameplay and the writing.The end product was good enough to have fun with and to play once, but not really good enough to go back to try to 100%. But man, even though it wasn't an option, I could just wander through the streets of that city, seeing what destruction Nilin wrought and listening to the people try and rebuild their lives."
,Recommended,228300,12178630,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sormusaave,"In spite of the fact that this game was too linear and especially short one, I was actually fascinated by the whole storyline and the tragedy within Nilin's family."
76561198156844512,Recommended,228300,22060454,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CameronJ,This game was one of the best games that I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,228300,22075334,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kyapin dood,In terms og gameplay It's like a less good tombraider with stagnant combat an annoying camera very linear and repetitive puzzles. Where this game impresses me though. It's constantly full of twists that genuinely shocked me and creates moral questions about future technology that challanges you to think. I really enjoyed this game from start to finish. also although the graphical fidelity was a little lackluster the art around it was nothing short of spectaular. If like me you had a steam library full of games but didn't know what to play next I can highly recomend this game as it offers a unique experience that wont be delivered by any other game I know of.
76561198150636165,Recommended,228300,22094144,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,elpelegrin,"i loved every minute of it. the fights are not so difficult, but the game's atmosphere, graphics and music are unbelievable."
76561198215173923,Recommended,228300,23710834,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,abelhendriks1993,"Bought Remember Me on sale with 80 percent off. I have to say it gave me value for money. This game has got a lot going for it:- Great graphics/atmosphere- Solid storyline- Good soundtrack- Good challenges here and there (played on medium difficulty), but not too difficult once you determine a solid combat strategy- Some unique and compelling features such as ""memory remixing""- A lot of climbing and jumping on things, what's not to like (a bit like Assassin's Creed, but more linear)- Immersive, well-designed character choreography, which makes it come to life more.It does have some downsides, as others have noted:- Combat is fun for a while but also quite repetitive. The combo system is flawed - I ended up sticking with the short combos because the longer ones didn't really work for me, especially later in the game- Encountered some minor bugs (sound cracking up, defeating a 'boss' but nonetheless not advancing in the game, causing me to replay the fight)Overall, I recommend it, although I wouldn't buy it at standard price. 8/10"
,Recommended,228300,23743962,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ShOdinReepr,"Great action game that works well with a controller. I dig the art design, average story line and above average game play. Overall a good buy for a 3rd person action sci-fi game with style. Recommended for those looking for a game to play with while waiting on those triple A title releases."
,Recommended,228300,23769852,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sharazam,"It's an amazing game. I bought it because I saw gameplay on YouTube two years ago - and it still holds up. Everything is designed and detailed, the different modes (hunting memories, looking for hidden packets and the combat) feel very nice and the art style / setting is outstanding.Yes, this game is a bit dated in terms of graphics / effects, but honestly, I rather take a good game that has good art direction over new effects and some thrown-together assets any day.The only drawback I had when playing, is that I had to play it in compatibility mode to fix the audio and there were some stuttering when loading models (like looking at the floor or transitioning to a new scene). But those are rare.It's how I think a game should be. Good controls, good art style, interesting story, new game mechanics I haven't yet seen in another game and a well-designed UI. What I like about it especially is that when you're low on health, the screen begins to glitch, which is a simple idea, but fits the theme perfectly."
76561198233130648,Recommended,228300,23769853,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kroolGato,"After 2 measly hours in the game I thought it would be worth it to write my first impressions. I had rather high hopes for this game. The graphics are great, idea has great potential and music is wonderful. But so far this game seems waaaay too spoonfed. A lot of different elements are incoorporated including puzzles, platforming and combat but everything has been drained of any freedom. Navigation through the city is being fully directed, the combat gets very repetitive after a while so you end up following the same patterns over and over again.Will continue playing this game and see if any of it improves but so far I am getting rather bored.You will love this game if you're into replaxed story telling and simply pretty visuals."
,Recommended,228300,17732859,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Droogie,"Started pretty great but over time everything became tedious. The visuals are awesome, the parts were you remix memories are really interesting, and there's a lot in the game that I don't see others pushing. But at the end of the day it just felt like I was spamming punch, jump, and watching cut scenes. It's a short game but could have been better if it was shorter (if that makes sense).Steam would be great if there was a 'moderate' reviewe. This isn't great but it's not a 'no'. So for the time being I'm going to put a 'yes'."
76561198179213387,Recommended,228300,23713755,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kirbycraftcx,"It had a interesting story, great artwork, good soundtrack, but the combat could be grindy at times. Spam your cool down combos so you could do a special. Just so you could get a couple hits in on a enemy that can't be hit otherwise, but it was still a great game"
,Recommended,228300,9356793,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Maciej Medyk,"I'll Remember You as a good game .Remember me is a game that I was a bit hesitant to pick up based on bad Metacritic review; however, YouTube reviews were far more positive. After finishing the game I have to say that I really enjoyed it. It had a great story, great atmosphere, and great game mechanics. It reminded me a bit Batman games when it comes to combat mechanics with various fighting combos and lots of martial art fighting. Game also have a mechanism to do memory investigation and memory remixes. This part of the game is very innovative and quite well done.Pros+ Great game mechanics involving memory remixes.+ Good combat system similar to Batman Games+ Good female protagonist Nillin+ Cyberpunk atmosphere+ Neo-Paris landscape made world very beautifulCons- Very linear and does not allow exploration beyond the corridored path- Not enough memory remixesOverall the game was very satisfying, had good lengthy campaign, great gameplay, and pace. I recommend it to anyone that would like a mix of Deus Ex with Batman games."
,Recommended,228300,16000739,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,arthurstaal,"This game should be more known, the idea behind it all is just mind blowing and the setting is bloody well executed.Characters are unique, the soundtrack is amazing and the story is comparable to bioshock in terms of ideas\concepts.Dontnod should try something like this again (life is strange is kinda dull compared to this).9\10"
76561197984130406,Recommended,228300,12262705,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,sTinG_AsTrO,"Its take a while to grasp the idea of this game which is beyond its time, visually and in concept."
,Recommended,228300,23669126,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tihers,"I really liked the game, the combos are useful as they are customizable. I really liked the combat system."
,Recommended,228300,211603,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Kashaar,"Not a bad game. Not stellar, but 2 or so years ago that would have been top of the line. Now I'm spoiled by superior product. Nevertheless, if you like sci-fi and/or dystopias, give it a try. The world-building is intriguing, the plot is unfortunately quite middling. The memory remix scenes are pretty interesting but I wish there'd been more of them. The punchy part of the game is meh. Challenging but lackluster. Still, all told, no buyer's remorse here."
,Recommended,228300,23708062,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[DKS] TeleKawaru,"Great game so far. Haven't yet finished it. The visuals are outstanding and so far the story has kept me wanting more. I agree with what some have about there needing to be more with the memory remix functionality. Sure the combat can get a little tedious, but it seems the more you grow as a character, the easier/quicker it becomes to dispatch them."
76561198066920151,Recommended,228300,11506139,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,wise_owl42,"I really enjoyed this game. Great main character (Nilin), beautiful graphics, sweeping and emotional soundtrack, good voice acting (except for Edge, who's phoning it in). It's not just an adventure, but also a mystery, as you uncover clues as to who you are, and what your purpose is.The only problem I have is the combat levelling is frustrating to use at first, and the boss battle quicktime events that are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Overall, despite the combat problems, this is a fun, interesting game, and I would definetly play it again, 7/10."
,Recommended,228300,23736204,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mulholland,"So, it took me somewhere around 11 hours to complete the game. I liked the story, although somewhat confusing untill the end, and even then, somewhat strange. But, the game has good music and had enought story content to make me want to go further. However, the combat system felt somewhat ""spammy"", meaning you can mainly button-mash your way out of things when you find out a suitable combo. What makes the combat more interesting is the special powers you can activate, but the game's combat system is average at least on normal difficulty as the AI often just walks around and in groups. There is a lot of good graphics and locations in game, but they narrow camera view and wall-climbing doesn't really give you the chance to look around. It also makes the world pretty linear, so for people wanting to explore that is out of the option for the most time. There is also underwhealmingly little to interact with in regards to people in the game, which is pretty weird as our main character is trying to right wrongs in her society...The story, however, if you like it, will make that need to explore less of a problem. The game has lots of nice technical stuff you can explore, but I would like to see a new game like this with more real options and consequence. In this game you are essentially playing a storydriven game. I bough the game at a discount and for that reduction it was worth it. Buying it at full price with its average combat and strong linear game play, I might have felt a little let down. For those enjoying a Cyberpunkthemed dystopia, this might be a game for you!"
76561198027210540,Recommended,228300,23734827,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LightGuider,"Remember me is an interesting game with an intersting concept, style and pieces that don't quite fit together smoothly.The story is good with a bet-you-didnt-see-this-coming-but-really-you-did ending. I like games with a good twist at the end (e.g the Bioshock series) but this was a little bit predictable and you don't really get all the answers that you're looking for.It feels unpolished and buggy for a 2013 game, the camera does a weird shake thing sometimes when you move the mouse a certain way stuck, enemies get stuck so you have to restart from the last checkpoint, the remix memories get stuck at the end and you can't rewind (occasionally). Oh, and I 'fell' through the ground out of the game level once when searching for a satPatch.In saying that, the graphics are very good, as is the voice acting and voice mapping. The battles aren't too hard but can get frustrating when you have to keep repeating them because you die or an enemy gets stuck. There is a nice variety of enemies though, but they don't get 'harder' per say, theres just more to take on at once.I loved the idea of the memory remixes, however there weren't very many of them and they are frustrating as anything at times!TL,DR;Interesting story, good graphics and sounds etc but game feels unpolsihed and is a bit buggy. Would reccomend when on offer as it's different to anything I have played before, however I don't feel that there is any reply value."
76561198006843284,Not Recommended,228300,23832370,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jreggle,"Pros:+Good story line+Good graphics circa 2013+Cool conceptsCons:-terrible camera management - half the time the camera was stuck in awkward angles and I couldn't see what the hell was going on or missed parts of the game because the camera is zoomed in so close-Mediocre voice acting-overly simplified combat system (cool in the beginning, but gets overly repetitive)"
,Recommended,228300,23822772,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Action Salad,"A read a lot of mixed critics about this game, all criticizing the story and the combat system and that the only postitive aspect of the game, the atmosphere is of Neo-Paris.But from my perspectivie this isn't true. I think that the characters were good and the story was interesting.I also enjoyed the combat system with self made combos and the special abilitys (but i think at some points the game relayed a bit too much on those  and it streched the fights rather than make them interesting)There are some little things i thought were a pitty. For example that the memory mixer only was used every 2 episodes, i thought it was such a cool feature and it was only used so little.But after all I think its a really enjoyable game.FOR EVERYONE WANTING TO BUY THIS GAME:If you have an NVIDIA graphics card you probably encounter a bug that lets the game crash at the start.You can solve this by moving the ""Nvidia Corporation"" Folder in the Programm (x86) folder to your desktop."
76561197960684493,Not Recommended,228300,23968722,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,.d.,"Dont buy.Game looks great, but from a gameplay perspective, it is quite weak. Tutorial seems to last hours (new concepts being introduced all the time), battles are more annoying than fun, the story rather generic sci-fi dystopian mischmasch.The coolest element in the game, the manipulation of memories, is just very rare."
,Recommended,228300,1599462,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Captain Trips,"While the core gameplay - the brawling and platforming - can sometimes fall on the side of generic this game is carried well by its interesting cyberpunk setting and the story surrounding the protaganist, Nilin. The music as well is particularly outstanding.This game is well worth playing despite the bland nature of its gameplay, wait for a price drop if you're really unsure."
,Recommended,228300,23881578,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,KBz | Rally Vincent,"Once you understand that combos are no longer dictated to you by some Japanese programmer for a 2D scroller and that you have to wait for people to finish talking, this game becomes a breeze! It really is everything people say it is: innovative in terms of rebooting the climbing puzzle mechanism and inventive with a rich plot. The only thing that could make this better is an open world prequel where you play as Nilin and go around messing with memories!"
76561197971358237,Recommended,228300,24035693,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ghalauxs,"I enjoyed this game more than I thought that I would.  The story was entertaining for me so if you don't like it well, sucks to be you.The combat was the only thing I wasn't that much a fan of.  I'm not down for button mashing combos so I ended up using just two of them.  Pretty linear compared to most games, but this game felt kind of like a mix between a telltale and an action game.  They had good breaks from combat where you dove into their story.  Their in game 'find these items' were neat too.  Lots of background info on the world they created.Get it on sale if you're not sure, but knowing what i do now.. i would purchase it for full price."
76561198044835667,Recommended,228300,16003491,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bbblackthorne,"Good game but not without flaws. It's not a must-play but you will not be disappointed after buying. I give it7,5/10.PROS+ Pretty interesting fighting system, but... (more in cons)+ Interesting plot.+ Fantastic ""Memory mix"" feature. Haven't seen that anywhere before so it made a great impression and is definitely one of the things that stand out for this game. Too bad there's so little of it.+ Excellent graphics, character models and the ""Neo-Paris"" concept.+ Very likable protagonist (with great butt... ;) Seriously - you can't take your eyes off for the most part of the game) .+ Soundtrack!CONS- HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE CAMERA! It lacks smoothness when you play on mouse and keyboard.  Sometimes it takes even several moves with mouse to place it the way you want.- ...(Fighting is) a little bit too easy and forgiving. Also very clunky.**- I feel like it aspires to what the fighting looked like in the ever perfect Prince of Persia: Warrior Within but is too simplified.*- Overall it doesn't give enough satisfaction for defeating enemies and the character combos don't seem to be linked, more like it's random punch and kick animations one after another.- Game is too short.- Somewhat simplified and predictable ending.- Regardless high/low graphic settings I experienced screen tearing from time to time."
76561198297022939,Recommended,228300,24055937,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AZAD,GOOD GAME
76561198277803355,Recommended,228300,24169444,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rain Grey,"When this game first came out when I played it on xbox, it wasn't that great. The controls were not very user friendly. That's besides the point. I bought the game during the Steam Sale and decided to give it another try. After playing for a while, I slowly started to get the hang of it to get through the story. Story is good, enough to keep you entertained. Plenty of twists. ^_^"
,Recommended,228300,24240940,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CatFish21sm,"I don't like drawn out reviews so I'll skip the crap and get straight to it. The game was good. Not worth the full price though.Pros-~Good story, not great- There were a couple of extremely cliche moments that just seemed lazy on the developers behalf, some parts were easily predictable. The ending tried to be a twist but it failed horribly I guessed the ending (without prior knowledge of anything) before I even finished the tutorial... But over all I did like the story.~Gameplay- Gameplay was good I liked it.~Graphics- Graphics were pretty good.Cons-~Memory remix- This is advertised as a key point in the game but in reality you only do it a couple of times during the entire game, and it is more arduous than anything. It could have been designed much better. This was disappointing to me.~Combos- combos are set and can't be changed or stacked. It gets very repetitive and the longest and most powerful combos aren't worth even glancing at because they are nearly impossible to pull off.~Glitchy and laggy- If you dont like glitchy and laggy games you will hate this, I've never had trouble with any other game but this one glitched and lagged A-LOT. Most were small and didn't effect game-play, mostly cut-scenes, it wasn't a game ruiner for me but it was definitely annoying.~Overall- it was a fun game, I bought it 80% off on sale. Definitely worth $6! But I would NEVER recommend this game for more than $10. For the full price this is a piece of crap, and honestly I've played side scrollers that are better. Considering I hate side scrollers with a passion this is a terrible game for full price. But if you can find it for under $10 then pick it up, it's definitely worth that as a time waster...PS- Steam does need a Meh option for games like this..."
,Recommended,228300,24099315,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,fight9,"Most release reviews were unkind and focused purely on the games shortcomings. I personally think its strengths outweight the bad. Good things included: story, bad♥♥♥♥♥female protagonist, strong supporting characters, beautiful environment/setting, and very tight and competent combat. Its shortcomings were: lack of exploration, overall fast pace (opinion), and limited combat style options.My score: 7.8/10.This game is made for people who enjoy story and setting. The story was fun and kept me interested. It rarely deviates and I can appreciate that. The world is gorgeous and really suits someone who takes the game slow (walks instead of jogs). I wish that the linear map had more areas to explore and discover. Modern landmarks would have added some nice visuals.The combat is very tight and can really keep you on your toes. You recieve abilities to counter specific enemies. The way the game hands you combinations of enemies really changes how you handle situations. Unfortunely, the one ability - one enemy type really restricts overall. I wish there had been more ways to take on enemies. The combat is fun, to be sure. Just limited in scope.Overall, I wish I had played this game when it was released. Of course, Steam sale just added value. Good purchase... I'm glad I did it.Also, I'm glad to see average Steam reviews being more positive than the misleading and harmful Metacritic average."
,Recommended,228300,22819914,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hehe XD,need to finish
,Recommended,228300,22947420,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Undead,It is a good game and I did quite enjoy the story but the combat could get on the repetitive side rather fast.
76561198174896987,Recommended,228300,22963363,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,LittleFurnace,"Ultimately enjoyable, but still left some things to be desired.Having played (and loved) Life is Strange, and hearing that the rewind mechanic was based Dontnod's first game, i was excited to play it.Aesthetically, the game is lovely. The soundtrack was incredibly unexpected, a huge, sweeping score that could easily be taken from a cyber-punk, Star Wars-esque cinematic opera. The city of Neo Paris is incredibly vibrant, multi-faceted, and really quite beautiful. The combination of these two as you step out of the tunnels and into Slum 404 for the first time was really a moment to behold, and combined with the background history and information that you aquire throughout the game, the world feels deep and absorbing. I desperately wish we could have seen more of it.The story is very good too, although it sometimes feels like you're constantly changing direction and targets, with no overall goal in sight. This is entirely necessary for the story to play out the way it does, but it's not exactly the most compelling way to move a story forward; it feels very disjointed sometimes. The main character Nilin is sympathetic though (with some *stellar* voice-work) and the surroundings are great to just wander around sometimes. The calm of the Valet robots that look so human and continue to do their jobs cleaning/repairing/(whoring) as the world falls to crap is really entertaining.Mechanics-wise, the memory remixes are fun, interesting puzzles that lead you to think about the wider ramifications of memories and their power, and you spend a lot of time climbing Tomb Raider-style, with plenty of hidden loot.BUT most of the game was less memory-hunter based, and more generic 3D beat 'em up/ brawler style. Considering the tone of the game, that seemed a little brainless and repetitive; i was surprised actually. There was WAY too much running down corridors, fighting off multiple waves of enemies, and then running down more corridors. In fact that was 80-90% of the game. A little Final Corridor 13-ish.I'm not a fan of a combo-based fight system either, and this one felt particularly restrictive, with only 2 buttons to use and a specific timing required to land them successfully. The S-pressens with the timer system and the Jammer did a little to alleviate the repetition, but really i think the game would have been much better with more puzzles, more Neo Paris, fewer(/no?) enemies (outside of bosses)  and with the S-Pressens as the basic fight system.That probably would have saved me from a few of the game-breaking bugs that this game still suffers with too, mostly happening when a cinematic doesn't play after a fight, or when you're just casually walking somewhere and randomly die because the game has decided you're out of bounds. God bless the Steam Community for their fixes.Despite my complaints, it's 100% worth playing if you're looking to play something refreshingly non-FPSy and atmospheric. If you're a sci-fi fan (Blade Runner etc.) you'll probably enjoy it, and definitely if you're a brawler fan."
76561198151852758,Recommended,228300,22361933,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hentai Dude,I started this game on my Xbox 360 and never finished it but i felt like i should beat it as the story was getting pretty good. All i can say is that im happy i bought this again. [Combat: 7/10] [Story: 9/10] [Gameplay 10/10] [Graphics: 10/10]
76561197970986351,Recommended,228300,22433341,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,caFOdhER,"It's difficult to pin down exactly what genre this game is, but I really enjoyed playing it. The story was compelling even if it didn't entirely seem to fit together... but that's the problem with a story about rewriting memories... and the futuristic Paris was great to explore. The gameplay was split roughly into three sections - the platforming section (very calm and non-challenging, but with lots of helpful hints for finding hidden areas), the combat section (no-one in the future has guns, but the melee combat was very much Arkham Asylum and the ability to customise combos made it surprisingly deep) and the memory re-writing section (interesting although I wasn't always entirely sure what I was meant to be doing and would have enjoyed it more if there were multiple possible outcomes that would change the story). Those minor gripes aside, it was a great game with pretty graphics, fun fighting sequences and a compelling story."
,Recommended,228300,22682250,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Blue,"What can I say about this game? Its like Inception meets Tron.It doesnt try to be edgy or overly drumatic. The level of voice acting is so convincing that you can get lost in the story so easly.Try it, I have a feeling if you like puzzles and combat you will like this."
,Recommended,228300,9574668,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,prytanias,"I wish there was a neutral thumb rating. Not a ""Not Recommended"" but not a ""Recommended"" either. I really wanted to like this game. The graphics were decent, liked the main chic.....the storyline is awesome. Love the idea of remixing peoples memories. You actually get to rewind peoples memories and change what they remember. What a great concept. This game makes me feel like an idiot though. First, there's no choices you actually make. (Except the memory remixing but in almost 6 hours of play I've only had one memory sequence) You have a predestined route you take and your mouse and movements are really just to make you feel like you're a part of the game. Combat should be cool.....but it's not. It makes things complicated and dumbed down all at the same time. I can't explain it. I just don't like combat. The bosses are just trials in patience. It's like...here, she needs to fight this guy for at least 5-7 minutes so lets just make her click around to feel like she's really battling. This game has so much potential, but has been somewhat of a let down. I'll still continue to play until I finish.....but just know....I'm doing it in spite of the game! I wont let it bore me dammit!"
,Recommended,228300,20518650,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ashliet,"This is the first game from DONTNOD Entertainment and due to that I can overlook some issues with the game but besides that this is a great game. Now the battle system is a mix between Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham Asylum never being as good as Arkham but never as boring as Assassin's creed this is mianly due to in the late game you are gonna be forced between 3 quick combos because of being swarmed with enemies attacking you so quickly you cant unleash a longer combo without getting hit or breaking the combo. Now If I could really have anything added it would be to have this Open World in the style of Dying Light but bigger just so I could explore this beautifully crafted world of Neo Paris. I wish the parkor scene would have been done better as it feels like Nilin should be a expert at PArkor like Faith from Mirror's Edge however due to this not being in first person and not copying Mirror's Edge I can forgive it even if I do wish it had a bit more too it though. However I know it is not their fault as during production they were downsized without warning.Now the graphics in this game are gorgeous and are better than most newer games it has a very realistic style that even take the smallest details into account like Nilin's hair being wet and matted to her face when she is soaked in water from the rain.The World in Remember Me is gorgeous as you move through Neo Paris and expierence a well designed future city. It contains slums reminescent of Total Recall and Blade Runner and gorgeous visuals of higher class parts of the city. The voice acting is top notch and Nilin is a strong female lead that is well written, voice acted, beautiful, and likeable character.I went into this blind and was surprised at the memory remix system and only wish there had been more than 3-4 of those scenes in the game but the ones they had were very intrigueing and well done.Now last but not least the music is outstanding and fits the game perfectly and has become one of my favorite game soundtracks so much so that I listen to it frequently and have even recommended it to my friends who love it aswell.I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good story for several hours of entertainment and overlook some of faults like the combat system which may bore you by the end and a overwhelming desire to explore a open World when it's not possible. As I said this is DONTNOD Entertainment first outing and it's a great way to start.7.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,22795155,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,PyroCracker,"Remember me was an overall good game that just by a small margin missed being a great game. The main draw for me was the story which I have to say makes the game worth playing just on its own merits. The story mainly held this game up for me keeping my interest until the end. The game play for what I can describe is a mix between Tomb Raider type wall crawling with combat that allows you to make and mix your own combos which I found to be both interesting and useless at the same time. Although you unlock up to a 10-hit combo you will find yourself mostly using the 3 and 6 hit combos as you're never given enough time to chain them all together before someone attempts to attack you. The enemies will swarm around you and attack nearly at random and the prompts above their head leave little time to react and with the lack of a counter system do you find yourself bouncing around hitting your enemy almost in a poke and run type strategy.Some of the attacks will be utilizing have different effects depending on what you put into your combo for example some of the attacks in your combo might heal you while another cools down your powers. Speaking of powers that's one of the most interesting things about the combat that for me the ability to use certain powers made the combat varied enough that I enjoyed the combat overall. For example one of my favorite powers was the ability to hack a robot changing it from an enemy to an ally which would then attack the others and then shortly after detonate killing two birds and one stone. My only problem with the powers was the cool-down times were quite long of them being up to 180 seconds, of course with some of your combo chains you could shorten the time by utilizing the ones that helped shorten your cool-down time but sometimes when the only way to defeat an enemy was by utilizing a specific power running around waiting for your power to cool down made it feel like you weren't taking on your enemy as much as waiting for the right opportunity to attack.One of the coolest features of this game where the memory remixes you were able to basically hack someone's mind and change what they were called about a specific event. This made a interesting break from the rest of the game as it turned those scenarios into puzzles. Although not very challenging it would take you a few tries to get the right combination to complete the scenario. There are quite a few Collectibles within this game which actually serve a purpose when you collect them depending on what you picked up they can add more health or more experience. They're also collectibles which give you a better understanding of the world these can be read but it's not required to understand the story. I found myself looking around trying to find most of the collectibles but I ended up only finding around half. Overall a great game only held back by platforming that didn't really feel as good as something like Tomb Raider and combat that overall was fun but didn't feel fully fleshed out. The game is also very linear and to some that's a turn off, I didn't mind it though.  If you find this game on sale and it looks interesting I do highly recommend it at a discounted price it will take you around 10 hours to beat so if you're looking for a short game with an interesting story and some decent combat this one's for you."
,Recommended,228300,20903006,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,CALIBO,So far so good. Dont count this as a final review. 1.5 hours in it set the mood so far with the incredible feel of neo-ism and noir. Cyberpunk but not at it's best.The hacking has potential. But at the moment Im putting it aside...As in playing some Counter Strike. Since I found it too confusing and frustrating.Potential though. At this price. Dont wait for a second final review. It's worth diving into if only for the subject matter. It's brave.8/10
76561198048803237,Recommended,228300,20916128,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ChronicChronicler,"Remember Me is a game you play more out of a historical interest in light of Dontnod's acclaimed Life is Strange, but there are some good ideas in this game though the final product is rather cluttered for it's own good. Do I recommed it though? Maybe. I wish they had maybe button. But on sale? Yeah, give it a go.https://chronicchronicler.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/remember-me-untapped-potential/"
,Not Recommended,228300,11298767,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Cozy Chrysalis,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game. I think the setting and atmosphere are really cool, but the core gameplay mechanics are awful. Its pretty much the same moves over and over, and you never feel in danger because of the health restoration system. The plot is pretty meh as well.Setting 9/10Soundtrack IdontRememberIt/10Gameplay 3.5/10Overall 7.5/10      Would recommend when dirt cheap just for visuals."
,Recommended,228300,17775296,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,IanLulz,"Beautiful story, nice graphics, combat could be better but I feel it had some diversity. The memory remixes were a good addition to the game. 8/10"
76561198000173459,Not Recommended,228300,22571711,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Tetsuro P12,"Gameplay is somewhat horrid, like the camera. It's unfortunate because otherwise it would have been an enjoyable game. Story is ok and the game is nice looking.Nay."
,Recommended,228300,22629852,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mapleground,This game make me sleepy. zzZ
76561198053664528,Recommended,228300,22580991,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,alocker31,I... want... a Jax.
76561198195495278,Recommended,228300,23022748,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mirroyaki,"This game has a short but nice story. I love the charming heroine. Her image is well shaped. And the most important elements which make this game has the potential to stand out among others are the interesting worldview, amusing art concept and the smooth unique combat system.However, the details of playable content are too less which mean the pros mentioned above are limited and are not further developed into great impacts. For example, linking the skills in sequence smoothly to give an awesome set of action is real fun but that is it. A simple thing can easily make player bored. Adding more elements,  like collectable items or memories that could be used in fight,  would certainly increase the durability of play or make the game more challenging. In other words, satisfy players."
,Recommended,228300,23093227,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ShaDiTy,"This game is not fighting game. It is about a memory hunter which forcus on story not fighting. This game have a great story but I think it miss something (e.g. What happen in that moment, Why that guy do that.).Pros:Great storyGood Video & AudioCustom combo (combo lab)Memory remix !!!Cons:Lack of some detailCamera viewscore 8/10"
,Recommended,228300,23141984,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TrumpsTinyHands,"Short story but the world really draws you in. Interesting premise and the story along with the really cool setting make this a favorite in the ""good cyberpunk games"" shelf right next to the shadowrun series. Not much replay value but it's definitely a memorable (hah) game for all the right reasons."
,Recommended,228300,22910158,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,goeywong,"finished the game under 15hours, the playstyle is very fresh, love the scenery and music, really a good job.However, not sure is it my laptop problem (with GTX960), when i played with controller, the game was lagging awfully, the framerate dropped the whole game freeze, sound started acting weird.When I plug out the controller, played with mouse+keyboard, the game seem no problems like previous, maybe just slow movement sometimes.I managed to finished the whole game with keyboard+mouse, but couldn't bear to unlock every achievements because I couldn't get used with mouse+keyboard and replay again just for achievement :(Nevertheless, the story is good, move my heart and of course plot twist.(and I feel Nilin just like Chloe from Life is Strange haha XD )For those who haven't play it yet, give it a try! It's a short gameplay but it is worthy!Remeber you soon, Nilin :)"
,Recommended,228300,24230602,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tiltos,"If you can get pass the repetitive combat and frustrating quicktime boss battles, the game has a rich atmosphere and some great concepts at play. The characters are a little one dimensional, but they're enough for a fun diversion."
76561198289066012,Recommended,228300,24170864,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sun Knife,"Remember Me is a cyberpunk action-adventure video game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Capcom.Good: The setting and the ideas are really nice, specially if you like Cyberpunk and/or Shadowrun. The scenarios are very interesting and well made. Soundtrack is pretty decent. You can personalize your combos (pure damage, pure cooldown, pure healing, etc.). A couple of boss battles are fun.Bad: The combat might get repetitive and is wonky at times. There are some weak points in the plot and dialogues in general.It's a good game if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,228300,24188880,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Toaster Repairman,I want Remember Me: Catalyst.
76561198008580123,Recommended,228300,24206260,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PRAVEMI,"So... this is like:Prince of Persia + Fighting Force + DMC + and a little bit of Farenheit.Difficult to imagine? Well... maybe. But very good game to play!You are an Errorist. Memory Hunter. Something like a Johny Mnemonic. But you are smuggling, stealing, remixing memories. You are living in a Paris, 2084. In an city where slums and underground ghetos are pressed by surrounding skyscapers. And all is just about memories. People are sharing them. Buying them. Selling them.And You? You can even suck them out or totally change them... to make enemies friends for example...But I don't want to say too much.PROS+ atmoshpere, graphic, desing, boss battlesBIGGEST + = storyCONS- sometimes fights are to repetitiveBIGGEST - = after 1st play you maybe never play it again... becuase you will know everything"
76561198041050174,Recommended,228300,22348562,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,kuglagier,"Very good game, brilliant view of future Paris, good storyline, Combo Lab for adjusting hit combinations. Camera sometimes is a bit annoying and would be great with a more open world.Overall 8/10."
,Recommended,228300,22296345,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,VampyricDanny14,"Good story, however of you play this game I recommend getting a controller. The controls on mouse and keyboard are very clunky; so much so that you can tell this game was designed for console. But if you have a controller or are willing to get used to clunky keyboard controls I day buy this game. The story is killer."
76561198078507070,Recommended,228300,25474736,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,WenjaJenja,"I walked into this game thinking it would be a lot like Assassins Creed and it was up to a point. However, it took the idea of that kind of atmosphere and fighting style a little too far in my opinion. There was nothing ""wrong"" with the game no huge glitches or bugs, it's just that the storyline was a little too long and the fighting wasn't as smooth as it could have been. Imagine playing assassins creed and not being able to block half as fast as you do, and when you do block you can't counter to kill. That's pretty much Remember Me. The other thing is the movement scheme which is also based on the same principle. Climbing and sprinting is actually easier for me at least in this game than assassins creed. So if you like any of the assassins creeds games and you want a deep story with a complex twist than this is the game for you. If you want action without a lot of involvement, dont buy it."
76561197964336395,Not Recommended,228300,25474762,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,1xide,Unplayable on my system. The game crashes during or just after the cinematic between Chapter 0 and Chapter 1. I'm running Windows 10 64-bit w/ 16GB RAM and a GTX 970. I'm trying to play with a PS4 controller via Bluetooth. Beware if you're running something similar.Will update if I ever get it to run.
76561198043575278,Recommended,228300,25470992,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Razka,"Remember Me wants to be Deus Ex, and overall it is. The setting, Paris 2084, is a world where memories can be manipulated, stored, erased, you name it. And it is done extremely well: the cyberpunk feel of the game is on point, and is what I personally enjoyed the most.As for the gameplay, it was ok. It's a mix of platforming taken straight from the Uncharted series, and an action game where you hand-to-hand fight enemies with customized combos and mnemonic spells.The platforming was easy, and it feels like it was there just to make the game longer, but the combat was good. Yes, it is repetitive, but you've got different enemies so you need to pay attention and adapt your playstyle. Certain enemies have shields, others can't be stunned, others are invisible.I played at max difficulty and it was challenging, but I guess in more forgiving difficulties you could just mash LMB and RMB.Other things are NOT good. You can't interact with ANYONE in the world. Never. Not once can you help some guy that's being bullied, not once you can talk with the robot that's spending her life cleaning the same window, and you don't have the option to get freaky in the sexy robots club. The world's BEAUTIFUL, there's some great imagery, but without interactions it just feels empty.The other thing that's not good it's the collectibles. Yes you can explore the levels and find pieces of lore, HP and Focus fragments, and glitchy bugs you can shoot for points.The problem is, whenever you die and respawn at the checkpoint, YOU DON'T KEEP YOUR ITEM. Why? Can't you just autosave anytime you pick up something? No, everytime you die you have to remember and get the item again.The other one is that as soon as make a few steps forward, some cutscene's gonna trigger and the door you just passed will be closed, and you won't be able to go back and keep exploring. This is obviously horrid game design. And you can't just say ""F. It"" and skip them, because you need them to ""level up"".So constantly avoid paths that look like they advance the game. Yeah that's quite counter intuitive.All in all, I recommend you play Remember Me for the plot more than for the gameplay. The plot will not disappoint you. Not sure about the gameplay, but you'll be the judge. It's not extremely long anyways, around 10 hours and it's over."
,Recommended,228300,25429510,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sviskebisk,"This is one of the best games I've recently have had the joy of playing. I bought it on sale for 1/4 of the price, and it's definitely worth it on sale, but also full price. The game itself can be completed pretty fast if you decide to do a speedrun, especially if you're playing on script kiddie mode. I played through the story, gained most achievments along the way, then replayed a few levels to gain the remainder. This took me 16-17 hours or so, and it was all pretty sweet.The artwork, level design and details of this game are breathtaking. Because the entire game takes place in a highly technological advanced city, the episodes are sprawling with rich details. You never run through a place a second time, and every episode looks pretty different from the previous ones. This results in a great varity of scenery, which makes the game very enjoyable, even on your second playthrough.Many of the characters of the game are represented along the way, with new ones coming into the picture in every level. The character progression is pretty amazing, especially the protagonist's evolution over time. Because Nilin (the girl you play as) has her memory viped out before the prologue, she constantly learns new things from experience, but also from stealing (or gaining) other people's memories. The things you discover with time are pretty amazing, especially when things Edge (your radio companion) says doesn't really mean much if you haven't completely the story.As some people have already adressed, the camera can sometimes be buggy, but this is a mere trifle. It rarely bothered me, and the only times it is like that is when you're in a tight spot with little surrounding space. Other people have also claimed that the combat is generic and clunky, but I think that it works pretty well, and it's just like any other button mashing game. I accounted few bugs along the way, and the only ""gamebreaking"" (it hardly is) was when I couldn't progress in episode 7 after a fight, but this was easily solved by loading last checkpoint (I lost about 2 minutes).I was almost never bored when I played the game. The only time I was upset with the game was when I fought X-Mas Kid for the first time. He's a pretty hard boss, especially when fighting him on memory hunter difficulty + first palythrough. Other than that, bosses are pretty easy to take down.If I ever had a complaint about the game, it would be the fact that it's pretty linear. There are no side quests, nor any areas to actually explore (which I love and find very interesting).Remember Me is a hard 9/10, and I'm confident many people would appreciate it, especially those who are fans of futuristic games such as myself."
,Recommended,228300,12079974,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,EizenTheCreator,"Amazing storyline, good graphics and so f*cking cool fighting mode!8/10"
,Recommended,228300,25479223,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dev_J,"Remember Me Review [Overall Rating 7/10]Review Below.....What I'm running the game on when writing this review:* Intel I5 4460 (3.20Ghz)* 8GB DDR3 @ 1600Mhz* MSI AMD R9 380 4GBPlaying at 720p (1280 X 720) or 1280 X 1024I got this game while ago now and its still a gem in my library, but it had the potential to be so much more. Here's the good and the bad about the game in my opinion:Pro's+ Interesting conceptThe idea of being able to change people through their memories is a very cool idea, the remixing is great fun first time around and can be somewhat challenging on the harder ones to find the right glitches to make the events turn out the way you want. I still felt this was a bit linier and it could've been made with a few more options.+ Excellent VisualsThe visuals in this game are amazing, however the low settings make it look terrible, you'll need to play it in medium or better to see the game at its best (Note the game is pretty taking on hardware you'll need a good PC idleally a fair way about the recommended spec's)Neutral~ StoryThe story is very liner which make the game rather closed in but its not the worst story I've seen, I felt it got into the action way to quickly and there should have been more early memory steals. The story also gets predicable nearer the end which isn't too good.~ Lack of replay valueThere isn't much reason to play this game more than once as there is little replay value except collectables and story details.Con's- Combat isn't perfectThe combat system in this game seems to be a little rushed, while it has potential there isn't much skill involded apart from how fast your reactions are. The idea is that you can customize you ""combo's"" to be what you like (which is kinda nice) but the combat itself is very repeative and lacks and amount of variatey. I've also found that the spammer locks on the wrong target half the time in combat which isn't helpful.- Not greatly optimisedNot many people talk about this but for me with the specs about I still get lag spikes on medium settings while recording, it can be played without recording nice and smothly but its strange to get this much lag when I record."
76561198059143643,Recommended,228300,25454014,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Laraesque,"I loved this game! I always enjoy the amnesia premise--our hero has to figure out who she is while fighting for a cause, without a lot of background to go on.I played it on the easiest mode, Script Kiddie, and some of the battles were difficult for me.  I had to look a few up. But then I don't play many fighting games.  The geographical progression through locations is linear, except for finding secrets that are independent of game progress. There are no real decisions to make.  It was all about the story and characters for me, and ""Remember Me"" delivered with flying colors. I enjoyed the end twist, and the story concluded with a sense of satifaction.Pros:* Fantastic story about the part that memory plays in defining who we are and how we relate to others. There was an underlying theme that was revealed in the end. Nice ""what if"" scenario.  Won't give any spoilers.  Satisfying emotional content.* Great urban, modernistic setting.  Love the color and settings.  A very rich environment with excellent use of color and perspective.* Reasonable balance between adventure and action.* Nice character development of the protagonist.* Intriguing amount of mystery over who were the real bad guys.  Whomever you fought outright was clearly twisted enough to provide enough guiltless catharsis for those who like their games to have a moral compass.* If you like cut-scenes like I do, you'll be pleased with the story progression and character development provided.  If you like surreal or geometric art, the cutscenes are fantastic. I loved them.* For those who thrive on finding secrets and power-ups but don't want to work too hard for them, there are some easy hints provided throughout the game to remind you to pick up health and focus add-ons and sound hints to some of the optional secrets (scaramechs).  Some scaramechs must be more obscure, because I missed quite a few.* Great animation.  Played smoothly and the characters looked natural.* Plenty of checkpoints.  You don't have to go back very far to restart a section.* I loved the memory remixing!  Nice dynamic that made the game mechanics more interesting.  There were only a few places where it was used, and that was perfect.Cons:* My biggest complaint was the missing vocals.  Where the protagonist, Nilin, is talking with her guide, Edge, there is no sound.  It works elsewhere.  I couldn't find a fix in my research.  Completely silent. The sound works elsewhere.* Sub-titles are available, but they are REALLY tiny (that could be considered on the plus side, since they don't cover the action), and they are white on white in many places.  They are mostly readable, but read fast, my friend.  Sometimes that guide pop-up appears in the middle of exploration, and you are focused on exploration before you can see the text on a big monitor.* There were a few glitchy spots and fights where the relationship between the camera and the action were not the same as previous fights.  It seemed to be intentional to prevent boring click-and-kill repetition, but it made it seem like the interface had changed.  A couple were awkward.* There is no way to skip cutscenes.  If you need to replay a section, some of the checkpoints are right before a cutscene, and you may need to rewatch it several times.  They are easy on the eyes, so it's no real problem, but impatient players may become annoyed.* The hints that come up between sections disappear before I can read anything but the first word.  Whoosh!  They are gone.* In one place, there is bug (or joke by the programmers?) In a little cul-de-sac in Mnemopolis, there is no lock on the door, but one appears when you leave the room and return.  You can open it.  If you walk through, you fall off the end of the world and start back at the last checkpoint.  You don't just fall off a building, you just exit the scene.* Story-wise, I wish they'd added more backstory on Tommy, Nilin's best friend.  He was a great character, but I wanted to learn more.* There was one dangling thread about Olga, the bounty-hunter, and her husband, David.  I won't provide spoilers, but I would have liked to have a wrap-up on them the remix.  Like I said, it's all about the story for me.Overall, this was money and time well spent.  Very entertaining."
,Recommended,228300,25500359,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Cat Cataclsym,"If you like cyber style games with a twist, this game is worth checking out. I owned it on playstation before pc and I found it's easier to play by hooking up a controller so if you have on available it could help you too. It's straight forward and you can't really go back if you miss something so take your time and explode a  little bit. You have unlimited lives so if you die a few times no need to fret ;). Its not turn based but it is keycombo fighting style. It takes some time getting used to but the intro will help you get used to it quickly. The game has different modes to play on if your a begininer not feeling confident. All in all-if you can catch the game on sale, I think it's worth a play."
,Recommended,228300,25336532,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,meat,"7/10Not too bad, great art direction and soundtrack. Overall enjoyed it.Pros:Sci-fi/cyberpunk elements of the worldArt directionMusicCons:Weak story pointsCombat system a little shallowMain character's development could have been better"
,Recommended,228300,25324139,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,m.gracza,"A bit challanging for me (even on easy), I`m a ""story player"", but the mechanics, the world, the music (especially!)... Everything turns this game in to one of the original entertainments I`ve encountered."
76561197981294625,Recommended,228300,19537047,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,.:SocraM:.,"After a lot of insistence by my cousin, I finally gave Remember Me a go.I had it for quite a long time on my Steam games' list before I tried it, always going for other games.Now that I have finished it, I am sorry that I did not play it as soon as I bought it.It is quite a remarkable experience in every sense.I tend to prefer quiet and patient open-world games, but the intelectual and visual experience that Remember Me gives us really makes it a mandatory game for all to play.I must also give a praise to the catchy and well composed music and sound effects.Long after playing the game, I am still listening to Olivier Deriviere's excellent soundtrack.Definitely try this game and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,228300,25392014,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Øuantum3,"amazing and super funny game with lot of drama and cool puzzles to solve, lot of action and movements. Loved every second of this game."
,Recommended,228300,25427027,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,x.featherfrost,"I thought this game was great, despite its fairly short storyline. The plot itself was a bit obvious, but it isn't terrible. There are some negative aspects that could definitely be improved on (camera, I’m looking at you), but on the whole, it was an enjoyable, fun game in a very interesting worldspace.+ Character design+ Graphics+ Music+ Pressens: It was a little confusing at first, but the ability to link together different types of attacks made combat much more interesting and fun.+ Memory remixing!: I wish there was more of this! Such an interesting concept, but so few scenarios in which to employ it.+ Combat: Freeflow. Love it. And gotta say, I loved it a lot more than in Batman: Arkham City. You lock on to a specific enemy much easier here, but can easily switch to another with little problem. No flying halfway across the screen to attack an enemy on the fringes, then leaping back into the mob!+ Environment interaction- CAMERA: It's fixed when climbing, keeps slowly turning back to my goal when I try to look around, and it's way too close to Nilin. Half the time I felt like I was a short observer peeking over her shoulder.- Very linear: Not necessarily a bad thing in my opinion, but I placed it as a negative because it's such an interesting worldspace, and we don't get to explore any of it.- Preset combos: It would've been nice to be able to build my own set of combos, instead of slotting Pressens into a predefined pattern.- Save points: There were a few times I wanted to backtrack, but couldn't. I'd have to replay the entire chapter just because I went left instead of right, and right had the upgrade I wanted."
76561198105386715,Recommended,228300,21721405,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Scroobls,"This game turned out to be one of my all time favorites. It was seriously amazing for me, just the story was the best. Thats what I look for In a game,books,movies, etc... The Combo system wasn't to my likeing to much, but thats probably because I wasn't used to it. Id recommend this to anyone and everyone."
76561198052451926,Recommended,228300,21782708,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Wixus,Very nice game :)I cant believe i only got this recenly (March 2016) - This one completely slipped by me for the longest time...Such an interesting story and unique mechanics - The dynamicly changing music is beautiful. (Pull off a little combo and music picks up. Start chaining them together and everything starts going haywire :D)This game is delicious Art.Compliments to the chef :DDD
76561197987599318,Recommended,228300,21700608,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ciccio e Tatino,"Imho an underrated and understimate title. Ok, no particular innovative gameplay with a consoles style, but is quite good from every point of view, with some challenging fights, charismating characters and a beautiful story to tell. Recommended."
,Recommended,228300,21706505,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tirco,"This review is based on a single playthrough, medium difficulty, casual - aka. not desperatly hunting for collectibles. Also a fair note is that I played through this game with an X-box controller, so I have no idea what it is like with a keyboard/mouse setup.Please keep in mind that these are my subjective opinions about this game, but I am open to discuss and defend my opinions in the comments! ^^Story 7/10While I enjoyed parts of it, and how awesome some of the places we got to visit looked, it became predictable fairly early on in the game (Maybe I've just played too many videogames). The story wasn't horrible, and it was easy to relate to parts of it as you ventured through various memories, but all in all the story is not what is going to make me remember this game (no pun intended).Visual design 9/10Probably the best part of this game. I found myself just staring at my enviroment several times. The futuristic look and the digitalization of everything - This is what I hope the occulus rift will be like :P - In my eyes this was the best part of the game.Game Mechanics 7/10A good variety of puzzles are given in this game, but what pulls down the grade of the game mechanics is the fighting. For the first few chapters the fighting was amazing! But when you reach the final chapters, hitting the same enemies that just keep respawning, just so that you can get the cooldown down on your abilites, so you can get a few hits in on the boss became to grindy. Mini-bosses was basically a grindfest, not really difficult, but fairly annoying as your super awesome combo to reduce your ability cooldowns kept getting interrupted by small enemies. The game also lacks some in the variety of the smaller enemies, often i found that it just introduced the same enemies, retextured and with some more health. I enjoyed the combo system that they have in the game, where you get to design what part of your combo does what, but all in all it just ended up being rhytmically pressing the correct buttons of a sequence. Not too difficult, and fairly repetetive the 3151th time you've done it. I feel like if they introduced just a couple more possible combo sequences, and perhaps added in some more complexity (other than just X and Y being the combo buttons) this could be more enjoyable. The puzzle part of the game mechanics I enjoyed a lot. The creativity of the riddles and the memory scrambles was some of the coolest things in this game, and it tied in well with the visual design of the game.Summary -All in all it is a story driven game, with some amazing puzzles, a few awesome boss fights, and a bit too many tiny fights, packed into a 8-hour(ish) game. This game is highly enjoyable, and thus highly recommended. If you find some of the screenshots to look awesome, I can assure you that's basically how the entire game looks. Higly recommended!(Tho, it might be a bit expensive for the gameplay... Get it when it's on a sale!)"
,Not Recommended,228300,9567054,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,DMStewart,"Ive changed my mind. This game had tons of potential and stupidity ruined it. Not even sure what level Im stuck on but after hours of being stuck in the same spot I finally broke down and found a walkthrough. The way to advance will not work not sure why. Im also not sure why they chose to make the screen look like a gpu is failing when you start to engage in combat. Thats a terrible idea. It looks awful to begin with, it interferes with gameplay, and lastly, anyone playing this for the first time will most likely immediately shut it down and start to retest their gpu. This is a great example of how to do something 90% right and have that remaining ten percent cast a huge shadow over all of the good work. My original review is below. I'll leave it for those interestedOriginal Review (Date Unknown)**Word of Caution to Windows 8.1 users** - Game play and graphics may not work correctly. As an 8.1 user, I've had to turn the graphics settings to low, AA off, and Super-Sampling off and I still get full pixelation and near graphics crashes in fight scenes. My GPU is the MSI Lightning HD 7950, which has had no problem running the most demanding games on maxed out settings. CPU is AMD FX 8350 OC'ed to 4.4 ghz.Aside from the above stated problem the majority of the game runs ok on my machine and enough to be able to review it. The controls are a little weird at times and camera angles can throw off combat just a bit. But those are my only complaints with the game.The ability to enter people's memories and fast-forward and rewind them at will to alter the outcome of your story is a wonderful concept that Capcom obviously took their time to get correct. It is one of the most original features in any game in recent history. Most of the time when a developer or publisher tries something this far out it usually doesnt end well.The settings for this game are beautifully done and even thought it is set in the future the background world you live in is not so far out taht it is unbelievable. Too many times games set in the future leave a player unable to relate with their environment; almost as if their character is a unique specimen that does not fit into the scenery. Here, the designers have done well to understate your presence and make you just another feature of the environment.Voice-Acting is well done as well with only a few cheesy lines from the characters so far. Lines like [sic] ""The whole world is counting on you"" always creep into the dialogue, but as of writing this review I only experienced one line from a main character that was close to what I just stated.So, the story is tight, well crafted, and compliments the the way the character fits into the main environment. Some of the ideas are wildly original and actually work well in-game. Game play is good enough to get you through the game but could be better. And the graphics have some pretty serious issues for me on 8.1. Who knows, maybe its just a terrible port over to PC. Overall I'd like to recommend the game but without knowing the extent of the graphics issues its hard to do that. If this is just an issue with drivers and is fixed in a later update then that would be a major bonus."
,Recommended,228300,21008716,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bob,"I know it is only February but I will be very surprised if this is not in my list of favourite games at the end of the year.The game is strongly focused on the story with a fantastically detailed world and interesting characters. It has some gorgeous environments and the background is fleshed out through collectables. I don't want to spoil anything but I really enjoyed the story.The story is combined with an excellent combat system. It is based primarily round building combos with different effects and using special moves. The combos flow nicely which makes the combat immensely satisfying. So much so that I was actually glad each time the game threw more enemies into the area.The music compliments the action and the rest of the atmosphere too.One complaint is that I think a bit more time could have been spent on the PC port (there is no pointer in the menu; the quick time events do not display the button to press; moving the camera sometimes feels awkward with a mouse; when you get the ability to move objects it is a real pain and the special moves are selected by a radial menu which I'm guessing works well on a game pad but it is rubbish when using a mouse). This however does not detract from how much I enjoyed this game, this is well worth playing.Edit: I just reread this review and realised I forgot to mention one of the best parts of the game. At select points during the game you get to go into people's memories and manipulate them to your own ends. The way this is done by changing small details and seeing how the memory then pans out is very well done and a lot of fun."
76561198032807362,Recommended,228300,21225820,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,•|•Berasedi•|•,"Remember me is really not my type of game, but it is ok.I like open world games and free choices.  So in this game I felt like rushing throug a big big tube and just bashing buttons.Mix together Tomb Raider and Mirrors Edge and you have Remember me.I only recommend it for the story, cause the console adapted fighting style button bashing and the poor camera ankles are really annoying and if you, like me, don't like qiuck time events, this game is not the best option, otherwise its worth a try."
76561198132658076,Not Recommended,228300,21217254,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Suum Cuique,"Everything is wonderful in this game except Memory Remix. The idea of rewinding and forwarding memories is wonderful, but the realization it's just something that ruined this game for me. I bought an action game and next thing, that I was doing for about20 minutes - rewinding one damned cut scene back and forward, back and forward.I don't remember something so annoying. If you are considering buying this game, the check out Youtube videos for Memory Remixes and suit yourself, if something like this fits for you.10 refunds of 10."
,Recommended,228300,19232196,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Ozunu_Ninja,I remembered!Pros:-Great great great fighting system mby the best I've seen so far (like an improved mix of devil may cry and prince of persia?)-Great combo building system one of the main features of this game and it rly is epic!-Fights never get boring and you actually can't get enough of em :D-Awesum story-Awesome level designCons:-Well personally I found a rly rly small part of 1 or 2 leveles annoying or draging but that's itOther info-I got the dlc with the game so Idk how many combo parts were added but I think to trully enjoy the game you gotta buy it
76561197971073368,Not Recommended,228300,20389507,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"I loved the idea of this game and the setting, I just found the gameplay not great, maybe on a console it might have worked a little better as some areas it wasn't so clear on direction.The combat is rather repetitive and not so substantial, combo, dodge combo that's it pretty much.I would think a sequel would actually be a decent game as I've felt like this with games before and the sequels have been amazing, some potential her, but not worth it for gameplay."
76561198120397785,Recommended,228300,20380249,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GG Joe,"This is not a game for everyone. If you are looking for an in depth fighting game and compelling gameplay, then pass it up. But if you want to immerse yourself into a unique world and a damn good story, then this might be for you. The concept of altering and stealing memories is original and cool. Plus, you can create your own combos to use which is also a cool feature.I am so far enjoying the game, but before you get it, look at gameplay footage on youtube to decide if it is right for you."
,Recommended,228300,20423576,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,C6H8O7,"The GoodThe game features a colored female protagonist but without all the nonsense: Nilin plays a powerful role rather than a sexualized one lacking a great deal of autonomy as one might usually see with female characters.The game features a rather unique visual style, taking elements of current life and remixing it (haha) with ideas of what the future may look like. It helps it feel more as though it could exist and that it's near in the future.The game's style is also very cohesive, bringing in visual effects such as glitching and static.Envionments throughout the game arehighlydetailed. The game makes an attempt to create as life-like and realistic an enviornment as possible. Various buildings are spattered with graffiti as well.Memory remixing and the addition of the combo lab* help to break up the video game formula. I.e. combos are decided by you (+1 for player autonomy) rather than preset, and you feel you have control over the story rather than simply following along with it.The game introduces various Sensen based elements that help break up the stalenessThe game has a good story* and with it being based on memories and memory-manipulation, you are reminded that people are their memories. It's very easy to understand and the ending helps tie it all together.Beautiful soundtrack. Soundtrack also plays around with glitching.Voice acting is great most of the timeThe game offers up a great opportunity to look at 3D character models and a relatively large catalogue of concept art.*See: negatives.The NeutralThe ending is rather open-ended.The story doesn't play too heavily into Nilin's backstoryThere are four memory remixes in totalEvery episode after episode 0 begins with Nilin monologuing.The BadCombat is repetitive and slightly dodgy (haha)Combo lab does little to truly effect the gameplay. You're allotted less choice than you think you're being presented with.The game seems to make up for it's easiness by dragging out fights.Nilin's character design is somewhat boring. She pairs a cropped jacket with jeans and a pair of gladiator boots. Whileeverycharacter design takes from the present and remixes it for the future, Nilin's design is the only that seems to feel out of place.When the game introduces new mechanics (like new S-Pressens), you are often interrupted during fights, which can get annoying.Main characters' voices were on point, but side characters were generally hit-or-miss, often coming off as forced or awkward. Main characters sound more as if they're from the UK or US, rather than Neo-Paris (I personally don't mind this too much).You're heavily limited to a small area of Neo-Paris, and this could be both good and bad. It's in the bad list because I'd've loved to have seen the rest of the map they so heavily detailed.Camera is a bit fidgety. Third person perspective is fine, but throghout the game, the camera tends to move quite a lot into movie-style camera angles.My Personal VerdictOverall, I think this is/was a game with a lot of wasted potential. You are presented with 1.a great concept and unique style, 2.great visuals and soundtrack, 3.a well rounded female protagonist, but it's slightly ruined by bad gameplay. I love this game regardless, but I think it could have been a lot better. At the moment, there's little incentive for me to play through this game again besides being able to see the map one more time.8/10 for visuals and story, 5/10 for gameplay. I'd only recommend the gameifyou can get it on sale. You may not get a lot of play time out of this game and $30 is a bit steep with all things considered.TL;DR for the mad eye lazy: good game with a lot of wasted potential. Great to look at amd listen to, but annoying to play. Worth it if on sale, but not for full price."
,Recommended,228300,20434479,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,how?,"If you can, wait for this to go on sale, as always.First off, this is arguably one of my favourite single player games of all time.The environent design and all the details really help immerse yourself in the game and almost understand the story and perspective better.The combat takes a while to get used to, and this is arguably the only downfall. Once you get the hang of stringing together combos in rapid succession, you won't have much trouble.The story is almost exactly what you would expect from a cyberpunk gamewith a few more details regarding what exactly happens.All in all, fantastic game, my only complaint is that it was a bit short for the full price, note I got it on sale for 80% off."
76561198090000396,Not Recommended,228300,19451326,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,giantORC,"Painful fighting gamplay, extremely linear story, can't even choose a jump!Every step in this game has been setted up.And the story is short (thanks god).Good graphic, OK story.Gonna give this 5 out of 10!Only recomand to Cyber Punk lovers when it on sale."
76561198054291418,Recommended,228300,20451726,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ellaliini,"I really got drawn into this game. The art and surroundings are just beautiful and original and the soundtrack is phenomenal. The story is really interesting and has some current themes, but Nilin's character remains a bit superficial because she doesn't get to have that many discussions. The game is also very straightforward -- so much that it's easy to forget to explore and you can easily miss out on valuable health, focus and story collectibles. This game would have needed some side missions and a more open world. The camera angles are also very restrictive, which is a pity considering the amazing views all around. The combat is monotonous, and I recommend using the controller.The initial feeling and the world kind of gave me the same feeling as the original Mass Effect -- only here you don't have freedom to roam, no side missions, no discussions, and therefore it doesn't really compare. It's frustrating how they invested so much in the art, music and background story only to make it so straightforward and limited.Still, if you like a good  immersive story with beautiful visuals, I recommend it. I truly hope they make a sequel where the shortcomings are addressed."
76561198047430300,Recommended,228300,20566351,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,oorum,"I've been interested in playing this game for a while, and I'm glad I finally did. I think by this time, most things have already been said.Conclusion first: Play it if you like a good story. Playthrough doesn't take too long, even with its sometimes glitchy explore / fighting system (which I don't think is game- breaking.) I got it in a sale, and it's totally worth it. Good job, Dontnod (I'll be looking forward to its next game, since Life is Strange is definitely one of my favourites.)Pros:- Story is interesting. Starts from mid-avalanche but doesn't leave you lost in the lingo / story. Fast-paced.- Nilin. Is. Kickass. Also can I just say, good to see a woman of colour in the lead.- It's short and linear. Keeps the story going (although you won't get to explore much aside from finding the health / 'special moves' (focus) patches hidden throughout the game.- Combat system is a throwback to the old Street Fighter / arcade fighting games days where you had to do certain button presses for a successful combo. A plus you get to craft them in an extent for different effects.- Memory remixes are a treat. Wish we had more.Cons:- Glitchy gameplay. Not game-breaking. The combat system requires good timing, considering the amount of enemies that will be swarming you by the end of it.- Not friendly to backtracking, along with its already limited exploration. (Get them health / focus patches fast. Or they're lost forever.)- Neo-Paris has a lot of grit and grimeyness. It's subjective to those who view it, but I really prefer my vibrant colours.ANYWAY, the story is good, so if you're a story junkie like me, I'd totally get it."
,Recommended,228300,20492818,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Monster Box,"Decent Beat-em-up, Awesome Story."
76561198026405400,Not Recommended,228300,19129308,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bomber,"Well I am editing my review because I said the sound was messed up.  That turns out to be a new computer issue so not the games fault but a hardware problem.  I did not pay the full price so is this game worth 10 Grande Lattes at $3.65? Ah not really for me but maybe for you.You know what they say the only thing in the middle of the road is yellow stripped lines and dead armadillos. What? I really feel middle of the road on this one.  I don't have enough time into the game because I am stuck at one point and just lost interest in figuring out how to get through that part of the game.  There lies the problem for me it has that linear feel, compare to the Tomb Raider series and not just because it is a female protaganist.   It is a strange RPG with what I feel is a cool story and very unique gaming style.  So if you like the more linear game play somewhat like a Tomb Raider then good choice.  If your more of the open world type then this is should be a pass for you.  If they had a thumb side ways I would take it."
,Not Recommended,228300,20580079,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,K. Masamune,"While it's not a bad game, I would have to honestly say, I didn't like this game very much.The game looks beautiful, the area designs are very well done, but you can't really explore them, because you are on a linear path, and you can't interact with the people in it either.  I would have loved for it to be an open world for me to explore, and interact with.  The combo system is pretty complicated too, well for me at least, and didn't allow for much creativity.  The 'memory mixing' mechanic was an awesome touch, but sadly underused, and could have been a great element for side questing in a non-linear game.The storyline was awesome, but the gameplay was too shallow for me."
76561198049930974,Recommended,228300,20710805,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bambi,"Remember Me is a strange gem. The combat system is quite well thought out, but has it's flaws in early game. The story, graphics and general gameplay feel much like the various batman titles. Except the protagonist is hot."
,Recommended,228300,20596467,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,KSmith722,"Overall an excellent game that appears to have been sorely overlooked. Great aesthetics, great story, fun travel mechanics, excellent fight mechanics, and phenomenal bosses.My favourite thing about Remember Me is the fighting mechanics. This game makes you feel awesome. Challeging and totally unique, Remember Me forces you to learn and develop a number of highly varied fighting styles to meet some very different challenges. It is impossible in this game to find one easy method of winning fights and just exploit it, all the way through the game you are gaining new skills and adapting your old skills to meet new challenges. There are many fights that will make you go ""Man, there's no way I can win this"", and the satisfaction of finally beating them is so worthwhile. You feel like River Tam or Buffy playing this game. You are awesome.The travel aesthetic is quite fun, sort of a mix between Mirror's Edge and Assassin's Creed. It is mostly linear without too much of an exploration aspect, but the cinematic and atmospheric qualities revealed by moving through the world are a good trade off.The game looks great. Great aesthetics with bright colours and a really strong and cohesive vision. The city looks great, the underworld looks great,the main character looks awesome in particular, and the enemies are interesting and sometimes creepy. Great graphics as well, on par with AAA titles like the recent Tomb Raider reboot.The story was really good. Coherent without being overly simple. There are a couple of surprise reveals that you get to discover too. Strong themes, and a few good, strong characters. The side characters are really interesting too. Good script, and really good voice acting (English version).This leads me to the bosses. Along with the fighting mechanic, I think this is where this game really excels and stands above other similar titles (eg. Assassin's Creed, Tomb Raider, Saint's Row). All the bosses are totally unique with complete stories, full characterization, and different aesthetics. You hate some of them, you think some of them are totally awesome, some you pity even as you struggle against them. They all have completely different fight styles and need to be defeated in different ways. They all challenge you by more than just soaking hit points, and you feel great when you finally beat each of them.If I have one complaint, it would be that the game could have been longer, though not if this came at the cost of this game's sense of urgency and intensity. The game is as long as it needs to be to tell the story, I just wish I had more time to be awesome.Strongly recommend. Will replay. Would buy a sequel."
76561198018195558,Recommended,228300,20595248,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,cagedreptile,PC version is the best port. The Visuals are fantastic along with the music and story. This won't be a mindless button masher as you need to perform the correct combos to recover health/increase damage etc... Still playing this in 2016
,Recommended,228300,20593175,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mikechiudioni,Bonkers StoryBonkers Art DirectionBonkers Melee Fighting SystemI still couldn't put it down until I finished it.
,Recommended,228300,20618127,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,nexxim,"Though I haven't finished the whole story, I think I've gathered enough to write an effective review. This game is brilliant. Set in a beautifully designed dystopian, cyberpunk-esque world, you take on the role of Nillin. She wakes up in a facility to find that she cannot remember her past. You travel through this (once again, beautiful) world trying to uncover the secrets of Nillin's past, while also fighting against Memorize, a company making money by digitalizing human memories. The story is fascinating, the characters are interesting (particularly Nillin, there doesn't seem to be much development on the other characters), the combat is fluid and just simple enough, and the design is fantastic. This may be one of the most well-written, well-designed games I've ever played. 10/10"
,Recommended,228300,20707658,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Maria Cotillons,"Vastly underrated game, especially for a first AAA attempt. Yes, parts of the gameplay are flawed, but still very enjoyable, and the art, music, writing and atmosphere are just masterful.Sadly too short, but definitely worth a few hours."
,Recommended,228300,19976857,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zkkaluza,"So I played through Life is Strange and loved it. I learned that Dontnod made a game before this, that bombed so hard that it nearly killed the studio.So from my love of Life is Strange and also my love of cyberpunk, I gave Remember Me a shot.Wow.It's so much better than its Metascore suggests. 65%? Really?I'd trust that ""Very Positive"" steam rating a little bit more.This game is maybe best described as playable cyberpunk artwork.I had some issues with the camera controls being unresponsive, and the combat takes a lot of time to get used to (also, there's a lot of combat.)Still, once I had my rhythm down and made some useful combos, combat became a lot easier and somewhat enjoyable (the animations are gorgeous.)The story isn't lacking either. Silly in some parts, but coherent and enjoyable overall.But what brings it together is the environments. Very detailed, and so pretty I found myself just looking at the skybox for a minute in every new level. I loved Mirror's Edge for its art aesthetic, and that's the main reason I love this game too.You should give it a shot. It's worth it."
76561197995287477,Recommended,228300,19334724,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Juliaana,"Lots of story with some fighting action and climbing in between. Nice game. One of those immersive games where 5h of playtime feel like much more.Edit: Actually now that Im through: Very nice game. This deserves to be a success. While the game starts in a sewer-y setting the environments get much nicer later on and the design and the lighting are (as in Life is Strange) totally gorgeous.Edit 2: Well now after playing Mirror's Edge for a bit I want to recommend Remember Me even more. Remember Me doesn't want to rub a fall or combat fail in your face; no, it puts you right back to just before where you died. You can revert to a former save point at any time (no, you can't do that in Mirrors Edge). At some points in the game you have to climb across ledges where you can get kicked off by some rotating ad. But... if you get thrown off, Nilin will actually catch herself on a lower ledge. So you can try again without having died. Wow. I actually didn't realize how thoughtful this is of Dontnod until I played a game where this isnt the case.Edit 3:Just playing Tomb Raider (the 2013 one). Nothing wrong with that one, but the animation/motion capture for Nilin is a lot more convincing. Nilin moves naturally, stands naturally, her movements while standing around are natural. Hell, when Nilin turns around, her hair flies out :) Again, full score Dontnod.Thanks, Dontnod. How sad that we won't get Remember Me 2."
,Recommended,228300,19962233,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xs2reality,"Being a French game and all, one can really taste influences of Luc Besson's Fifth Element which is one hell of a compliment. The game is a linear beat'em up & platforming game with some quicktime events and the occasional puzzle.In total I spent about 70 hours to complete it without worrying about getting all the achievements.The story of 'Remember me' is based on the concept that memories can be stored, traded, stolen, deleted and altered.Dontnod Entertainment is really a game developer to keep an eye on. Their other game 'Life is Strange' uses time traveling as a component which all seem excellent ingredients for a good and intrigueing story.Because of such refreshing game concepts, the end product may feel a bit unfinished as the Sensen Universe really could make an amazing open-world experience. It's good but it could be a lot more.There are only a few NPC characters in the game and they have very little screentime of back story. All seems to be revolved around the main character who is very likeable.The graphics are gorgeous and the architecture, interiors, fashion and overall design are very believeable and consistent throughout the entire game. Rendered through Unreal 3 engine and you have a pretty sweet looking game.The bad thing about Unreal engine is that modding is pretty much ruled out. This is too bad since the textures are a bit outdated as they are between 512 and 1024 square pixels.The voice acting is done very well though some dialogue seems over the top.Difficulty of the game is quite low and the only thing that may cause any trouble are multiple enemies attacking at once. The enemies do not have really advanced AI and will attack automatically on proximity.Despite this criticism, I would really recommend this game. The immersive story is really worth playing and I'm kinda hoping for an open-world sequal with more RPG elements and NPC interaction.Pros- Neocyberpunk style rendered gorgeously in Unreal 3 Engine- Excellent story line- Very good soundtrack- Actual swearing - makes dialogue much more believable.Cons- Extreme linearity with invisible walls- Camera will go crazy once hitting an invisible wall- The fighting system - though pretty fast - doesn't really feel smooth and you end up using the same combo over and over again."
,Recommended,228300,19992783,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kezian,"Interesting theme, nice gameplay."
,Recommended,228300,19986941,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,HДTЯƎD,"Overall the atmosphere, the enviroment is all amazing, it is really nice and detailed. They only problem is that jerky camera, that needs to be smoothed just a bit, and the combat gets repetive over time, They all have shock batons, but no guns? Otherwise it is a good game."
,Recommended,228300,20136220,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hemish,"I got this when I noticed it was from the same studio that gave us Life is Strange. The gameplay (and camera) felt a bit flat to me but the world and sci-fi setting were very interesting and made me want to discover more along with the story. It's short but for 6$Cnd on sale, it was perfectly priced.The style is also very interesting and the visuals of all the augmented reality stuff are pretty cool!I don't think it's worth 30$Cnd anymore but at 80% I recommend it."
,Recommended,228300,20138924,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vice,Loved the story. took 12.4 hours to beat the game on normal.
76561198050962232,Recommended,228300,20071823,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lord Arkaine,"A friend once said ""The memory of a single man is a fortress, more complex than the vastest of cities."" But we invented the key to the fortress. There are no secrets anymore. He was the first to understand that we are all floating adrift and he died to remind us that some intimate doors are not supposed to be opened and that suffering, like painful memories, is just part of life."
,Recommended,228300,20079042,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Acaelus Thorne,"This has been on my to play list for the last couple of years.  It has it share of problems but definitely worth your time to at least see the story through.Pros:Unique StoryMemory Remix'sGood SoundtrackConsVery, very linearPretty shallow battle system(just press the next button as a hit lands)Only 4 memory remixs"
,Recommended,228300,20074341,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Micolash the II,"For all you who are reading before playing the game, I will keep this short and simple.  I may just be a sucker for these kinds of games, but I realy enjoyed almost everything about the game.   Sure, it graphics may not be the best when you compair them to newer games, but the compelling story makes up for this minor loss.  Also, the combat system is outstandingly fluid, which caught me off gaurd initially.  Istead of just slugging it out mashing buttons, the game requires you to use combos to win and dodging to survive. One minor nagitive I can see it that the story jumps in time a bit, some times skipping a month in between chapters.  If this doesn't bother you then yes, defenintly get the game."
,Recommended,228300,2079755,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Woefinite,"This is a game you can't really play like a normal action game--you have to stop and absorb the artwork of it, take your time walking through the city, read all of the lore--the way the game is crafted doesn't complement a fast-paced or impatient play style. The story is average, the combat is average, and it's pretty short overall, but it has some really interesting features and concepts. In general, it's a beautiful, somewhat simple game. I wouldn't buy it for the full price, but it's definitely worth buying at half price if you want something pretty to look at."
,Recommended,228300,20099534,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ewiger Hass,"PLOT TWISTS EVERYWHERE, BUY IT"
76561198038639906,Recommended,228300,20023082,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,iiliikepiie,"Fantastic game, interesting plot, with new mechanics in fighting that make Dontnod seem like they know what they're getting themselves into"
,Recommended,228300,20027382,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,blu3max,"Good story, good music, the camera and fighting can be a bit annoying however I definetely recommend to play it."
,Recommended,228300,20064061,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Encephalon,"Note: Because the entire setting of this game is in a futuristic Neo-Paris, I highly recommendsetting the voice language to French and using English subtitles for that extra bit of immersion.Remember Me is an action-adventure sci-fi video game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Capcom in 2013. This was the debut project of Dontnod Entertainment, who went on to make the award winning title ""Life Is Strange"".The game's plot focuses on Nilin, a memory hunter working for an underground resistance called the Errorists. When the game starts, she has been stripped of nearly all her memories by mega-corporation Memorize. With the help of a mysterious man named Edge, she goes on a quest to bring down Memorize and recover her lost memories. Graphically, the entire game is extremely stylish, looks and feels very futuristic.Augmented Technology is the main focus of the game here, and Neo-Paris is very beautifully done mixing classical architecture with sleek and futuristic technology. The entire game almost feels like a very eclectic modern art. While the graphics were brilliant, the gameplay sadly runs short. The game teases you with an entire Neo-Paris, yet forces you down a very linear path. This is an extremely wasted opportunity as it would have been mind-blowing to be able to explore such a beautifully created futuristic landscape in open-world.Most of the gameplay is focused on running along a very scripted, directed path towards listed objectives. Most of the terrain are platforming sections that aren't very difficult to navigate. Some in-game puzzles to solve and at times, you will face off with some enemies where you will engage in combat, which is another unique feature of the game.Combat is focused exclusively on melee only, and the game distinguishes itself with having unique combos that will allow you to either cause higher damage, or even heal yourself and reduce special skill cooldowns. Combat Movement feels very much like the Batman Arkham series, where you dodge whenever there is an exclaimation mark that appears to avoid being damaged. That said, while combat in this game isn't bad, it can sometimes feels clunky especially when trying to dodge multiple enemies or trying to face an enemy to hit it. It also doesn't help that the in-game camera during combat sometimes goes all wonky making it hard to see incoming attacks.As for the puzzles, during certain crucial points in the story, you will have the opportunity to actually dive into a character's memory and remix it. You will view his/her memory like a video loop, and cause little changes in the memory which can drastically alter the end result. I thought this was very brilliantly done, and I'm disappointed that the game didn't feature more of such sequences.Overall Rating: 7.5 / 10A very stylish and beautiful looking game running at around 10 hours with very linear progression. It features a combat system that may not appeal to everyone and peppered with some genuinely clever game mechanics. I certainly enjoyed my time with it, and would recommend anyone to give it a try especially if its on a sale."
76561197999515447,Recommended,228300,20304220,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tomka,"Disclaimer: I have only played this game with the Combo Lab DLC so I don't know what this game is like without it. But seeing how it was only $1 (on sale) I'd suggest you consider it as part of the base game and get it because the feature was a lot of fun.Remember Me was certainly memorable. It's not an overly long game, but then again for the price of a movie ticket you're already getting plenty of bang for your buck. I thoroughly enjoyed how unusual this game was. The memory remixing is genuinely creative and the story is simultaneously grand and simple; a beautiful combination.I can best describe this game as a mix of a lot of genres. You've got some action, some exploration (although not nearly enough freedom here considering how beautiful the worlds are), some arcade style button mashing, puzzles, a pinch of rpg, stealth and spy stuff and a narrative to bring the whole thing together.I've only done one play through so I can't speak for replayability, but I'd probably put it on par with most story based games. The combat is tricky, stringing together 3, 5, 6 and 8-hit combos while dodging enemy attacks and some of the boss fights can be bordering on infuriating. Sometimes the camera angle boss can be your biggest opponent, but you adapt and by the end of the game I didn't even notice anymore.The memory remixes are pure gold here and along with the cool concept, strong female lead and incredible cyberpunk art style, sold me on the game. Without giving too much away, you can enter someone's mind and change how they remembered a life changing event. Subtly of course, but these minor changes can lead to a person believing that things unfolded very differently - a shift in guilt, hatred to sorrow, you get the idea. You only get to do it a handful of times in the game, but someone once told me that it's best to stop while it's still fun and they were right. Remember me is beautiful, moving, at times frustrating and in the end you may not have gotten to do everything you wanted to; but so is life.I'll remember this game. And Nilin and Edge and Scylla and Charles and Jax and NeoParis and robots and..."
76561198018574114,Recommended,228300,20303263,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nie Lernend,"As some others pointed out:The gameplay is ok, but nothing new or great. You have to perform some button combos, climb some walls and solve some smaller riddles, to keep you busy.BUT the story is so brilliant. I do not want to spoiler anything, but one question is simply raised by the setting:If you could forget any pain you want to forget, would you forget? If you could have memories and skill without earning them by yourself, would you take them? Even if this means that you from then on could not trust you memories anymore?Great game!"
,Not Recommended,228300,20330959,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,samuel.rink,"Everything is great about this game (concept, graphics, story, etc.) just the gameplay is imho really nerve-grinding. The functions don't react as you want them to eg. the slammer doesn't aim as you want it to. After a hit the character just stands there dizzy while the opponent, say a giant robot just throws one hit after another. It really sucks to stand there and just watch your character dying unable to move. It kind of sucks the fun out since you get thrown back quite a bit after a reload.Might be a Game made especially for pads not keyboards. If these issues were fixed, I'd be completely happy with it."
,Recommended,228300,21888709,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,hard brexxxit,"Loved the mix of combat/puzzler gameplay, and the entire premise of the game itself. Fundamentally, this is a great game. Combat does become slightly repetitive after a while, but honestly, what this game has to offer aside that is worth it.♥♥♥♥ing with internet routers simulator 2013"
,Recommended,228300,21799498,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dalmin,"From the start this game is very aesthetically pleasing. The world is pleasing to look at. It can remind you of a cyberpunk dystopian future-type city you'd find in Mirror's Edge as an example. Remember Me's style and music is really pleasing to observe, feel and listen to.What the game lacks is good storytelling and execution. The whole story-concept is fine and unique, but it's poorly executed. The game drops loads of information on the player, explaining everything. When I was playing through the game I didn't feel like I was exploring the game and story. It was more like it was told to me at once. The whole game can feel rushed in that sense. Characters are randomly placed and randomly dissapears from the storyline. Alot of them feel like filler-characters and don't serve a whole lot of purpose I feel.The combat is fun and simple, I enjoyed it. But it isn't as deep as the game wants it to be. You can customize what each attack does, but it's the same button-presses each time. This kick may give you more health, but you can't change that the kick comes there. It has to be a kick, but you can change what type of kick if that makes sense.Overall this game is very good when it comes to aesthetics, but is poor in the execution of story and combat.Remember Me is an average game. Not that bad, but not really good either. Remember Me is ironically a forgetable game in most gamers library."
,Recommended,228300,21826397,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DarkestEver,Great game play and an awesome story with characters you can really enjoy.
,Not Recommended,228300,21806628,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,UnicornDelight,I wish I could forget this game..
76561198127474486,Recommended,228300,25232571,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,LightFootLee,"This is another title by DONTNOD that i loved despite its mixed ""Critic"" reviews I found the story interesting enough to want to find out what happens next, the combat style is very Batman Arkham esque (which is a good thing) the enviroments are a well done futureistic steampunky visual style and despite some camara angle issues cliping and VO syncs the game is solid IMO.Bottom line: If you like the idea of going around a futuristic Paris as a amisiac triing to get her memories back while trying to stop an ""evil"" corperation from having a monopoly on all human thought all while kicking some serious♥♥♥♥♥along the way then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,228300,25047525,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KennyT,"The concept and gameplay are really nice but I have discovered some issues here,although I'm using GTX770, the fps is really unstable, and there are weird control system and the camera/view control is pretty weird too.Still worth playing though.And I really hate unskippable cut scene."
76561198190784337,Not Recommended,228300,19331849,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rune,"And here I am getting motion sickness, again. I hate when this happens and I don't want to give this game neither a thumbs up nor a thumbs down. But yea, I have to choose one and do it for the people who are very sensitive like me, to warn them about it.To summarize my short experience: The camera is too shaky and the view is very ""narrow"". It felt like I was zooming in all the time and the blurred edges didn't help my brain either. I felt the motion sickness after about 10-15 minutes and I still got a little nausea going on.Yes, I wish I could write something positive about this game, but I had to stop playing it too soon."
,Recommended,228300,25233825,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Natty,"Had a lot of fun playing this, combo moves are really fluid and the graphics look awesome. The story was actaully very good though the game itself is too short to buy at the curret price unless it goes on scale or you are feeling very rich that day.8/10"
76561198064046222,Recommended,228300,31534094,Posted: 3 May,all,Flak-Bait,"Fascinating and clever expansion on the cyberpunk staple of mnemonic augmentation.  I thought it had a great setup and interesting characters - though there was nothing revolutionary there. I found it very pretty, and a lot fun.  At first...I'm still giving this game a positive endorsement, but I must say that by episode 5 (of 8) the combat became an incredibly tedious, and unrewarding grind.  So much so, that it drug my impression of the game from a solid 9/10, down to 6/10 overall.I've played Dark Souls 1 & 2, so I get and appreciate unforgiving, and difficult combat.  This was just tedious for no reason and without the sense of accomplisment or enjoyment.  Highly repetitive, and the ""challenge"" is just throwing so many tougher & faster mobs and attacks at you, that you have to take a dodge-monkey/health-leech approach to combat so it takes for.....ev....er.  Combat through the first half of the game was honestly too easy, even in hard mode.  It's the back half that really got under my skin.This is one of the few games that I would suggest playing in easy mode to enjoy the story, the setting, the interesting memory mixing mechanic, and the artwork.  Because those are, BY FAR the best parts of the game IMO.  YMMV.Overall, definitely worth it if you are a fan of the genre, but try to catch it on significant sale.  I think I got it last Xmas for $5-$8, and it was more than worth it."
76561197972063586,Recommended,228300,31753229,Posted: 14 May,all,gasman,love this game. give it a try
76561198052407866,Recommended,228300,31757742,Posted: 14 May,all,jdbunniesarevil,"Really enjoyed this game. Great story, and the game didn't take forever to finish, which I appreciated. Some of the gameplay is a bit buggy at times, but not enough to interfere with the fun."
76561198196521454,Recommended,228300,31877280,Posted: 21 May,all,wanderwoman222,"This is just a downright fun game with a good story, nice graphics, and compelling characters. I'm not into combat in games, but the combats in ""easy"" mode were manageable enough (ahem...barely) for someone like me.  It was often hard to remember which keys/clicks did what, but this did not seem a detriment to kicking bad guys' asses. I love the strong female protagonist and the slowly-unfolding story. I also think the post-apocalyptic setting is super-cool.  My only real complaint is that it would be nice if you could interact more with the environment.  Overall, I was suprised by how much I liked this game.  The jumping/climbing is super fun."
,Recommended,228300,31897853,Posted: 22 May,all,Tjitah,"I'm playing the game with Nvidia 3D Vision glasses and only halfway through, but I'm already totally blown away. The visuals are simply spectacular and the 3D glasses bring everything to life. This game is not only a work of art with stupendously beatiful graphics, but the story and premise are so interesting and unique. This is unlike anything I've played before, set in a distant and very disturbing future. By the way, I also have Oculus Rift VR, but this game in Nvidia 3D Vision blows it out of the water!"
,Recommended,228300,31779148,Posted: 15 May,all,bigwilk,"If you like good story and Cyberpunk/Dystopia stuff then yeah, buy this. Strong story, great world, great soundtrack."
,Recommended,228300,31772665,Posted: 15 May,all,AaronZaBaron,"Love this game. Except, I never finished the game because the last level I kept dying...and dying...and dying...and dying...until I just gave up so I wouldn't break anything. So, if you can get past that mission, get the game! Ha."
76561198335230447,Recommended,228300,31772546,Posted: 15 May,all,音,"A fun game, the first assessment, just want to tell you all the people who can see my comments, the game is great, hit, the plot, the background music, all of which is perfect！！！"
,Recommended,228300,31942142,Posted: 24 May,all,DjIch1,A masterpiece!
,Recommended,228300,31923326,Posted: 23 May,all,Ballista Grim,Amazing!
76561198049997203,Not Recommended,228300,31922685,Posted: 23 May,all,Theme57,"Remember Me at face value is a game with an extreme amount of potential. Both in it's use of the mechanic of remixing memories and as a platformer. Combat is fairly good as well considering when the game came out. The visuals are thoughtful and minimalistic. At the beginning it showed promise, however as the game progressed left a lot to be desired including a bad taste during the end.First lets go over story. At the beginning it seems pretty clear what the goal is, to recover ___, to then do ___, so ___ will happen, thus creating a better world for all. Freedom fighters and supervillian societies with troubled pasts and connections to the main protagonist. This falls flat and gets dull after about a quarter throught the game. A lot of themes and conversations are repeated to the point that the main characters sound like those grunge kids in the back of the class always causing a ruck. Not to say this is bad by any means, but is repeated so much it get's real annoying real quick. As the story progresses there are some interesting plot points and twists, however it is done in such a way it feels as if you are watching an eposidic TV show rather than playing a flowing story. By the end so much deus ex machina and ill thought out plot occur to where it feels rushed. I would have liked to see the story fleshed out in greater detail similar to mass effect and MGS. Now while those games are the pinacle of story telling, they manage to keep a nice pace and flow. I didn't really feel that with the story.Gameplay, oh boy this one is a big issue. The game ranges from combat to puzzle solving/platforming and in very few parts, remixing memories. It feels like it wants to be many things, but doesn't have enough time to do so. It feels like a chore in regards to how much combat outweighs the rest. This game could have been far more in depth and existential if it focused more of how memories were extracted and allowing us to either remix or find unique ways on extracting those memories. There were many parts where this could have taken place, but instead it's poof, she has their memories without a hassle. This goes into the next major flaw, why are there so little remix areas? That was one of the most unique features I have ever seen in a game and loved it. I felt more like a deterective or secret agent rather than some anorexic looking girl fighting hordes of perverted burly men in heavy armor. Speaking of which, why do they all look the same? Do they have a storm trooper clone thing going on? A stealth element would have been perfect, but I guess that would be too much like Assassin's creed. Lastly, if I could remix people's memories, why couldn't I do it in different ways that changed the dynamic of the story? That choice would have been amazing and really put the player in a position of moral choice.I have my thoughts about the characters and their designs. I really wish I saw more of Olga, and others that helped Nillin along her missions. They were interesting characters with interesting backstories I would have liked to have fleshed more. I wanted to connect with the characters, their motives and backgrounds, but I got none of that. Even Nilin herself I found to dislike more as the story progressed. She didn't come off as having any unique character traits and at times came off as an amoral brat who did everything she was told. For the longest time I thought they had a Bioshock, ""Would you kindly"" thing going on. I didn't see any real character growth of her trying to define who she was or her turmoil with how she was to be during the story similar to Knights of the Old Republic. Otherwise I liked the designs of the characters and the neo-paris.Sadly Remember Me doesn't hit the mark with me. It's too limited, too short, the main characters are more annoying than anything, and it doesn't quite know what it want's to be. It's as if someone made a stew of your favorite foods and spices only to serve you a small overcooked portion from the burnt scrapings at the bottom of the pot. I understand the game is a bit older, but look at what else was released during during the same time and even before."
76561198110233422,Recommended,228300,32027827,Posted: 28 May,all,Oddstar,"I just finished this game, and, overall, I quite liked it.  It had an interesting and compelling story, fascinating characters, and a mindblowing twist about halfway through (and another good one at the end).  It had one really big flaw: most of the game is just a climbing around the city and fighting random enemies.  The most interesting feature by far, the player-character's unique ability to rewrite others' memories, is something you only get to do four times throughout the entire game (and the first is really just for practice).  Stealing memories and using them to guide yourself past obstacles of various sorts, is also pretty interesting, and you get to do that a bit more often, but by far most of the game is spent in pretty generic combat.  I would add that boss fights in this game can get very frustrating.  Each boss requires certain special tricks to defeat, and the game does not really give enough information to figure it out.No review of this, Dontnod's first game, could be complete without a comparison to its second game, Life is Strange.  Although in terms of story and setting, the two games could not be more different, they have a clear commonality.  Life is Strange is about altering the present by changing the past, whereas Remember Me is about altering the present by changing the way we remember the past.  The difference is that Life is Strange is much more focused on its story, characters, and unique concept, whereas Remember Me is mostly a fairly standard fighting game.  I could never escape the idea that Life is Strange was the game that Dontnod really wanted to make, and that it was Capcom that insisted on more conventional elements for Remember Me.  Bear in mind that I have no inside knowledge; for all I know, Dontnod wanted to make a standard combat-adventure game, and it was Capcom that was pressuring them to focus more on the unique memory-based elements, but that's not what I would guess.Don't misunderstand me: assuming I am right about Capcom's attitude and actions, I would understand.  This was Dontnod's first game, the concept was unusual, and so I could understand why Capcom would have wanted some more conventional elements.  Also, given the story's setting and concept, and the nature of the player-character, having more combat elements was entirely reasonable.  I do wish that the combat had been more interesting.  The idea behind the Pressen combos was not a bad one, but if you are like me, and you are less than exceptionally coordinated, you will tend to rely on the punch-punch-punch combo a lot.The only other thing I would say about this game itself is that it might have benefitted from a little more openness.  It was very easy to miss power-ups, and it would have been nice if they had made it easier to go back to get them once you realized you had missed them.  Sometimes, it made sense that you could not go back, as when you were going through a place where the doors sealed behind you, but it made relatively little sense when you were climbing your way around Paris.All told, though, I enjoyed this game.  I had to make my way through some uninteresting combat and some frustrating boss fights to get to the good parts, but overall it was very much worth it.  I have heard that Dontnod is interested in doing a sequel, but that Capcom is not so interested, and that seems like a shame to me, since I think a sequel could make a lot of improvements.  But if Vampyr and Life is Strange 2, both of which I am very much looking forward to, both do well, maybe Capcom will reconsider.  In any case, for all its flaws, I definitely recommend this game, especially to those who like Life is Strange."
,Recommended,228300,4543193,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,HoundOfTindalos,"Remember me is a very interesting and clever idea in the Sci-fi genre. The basic concept is that in the future people can exchange and share memories easily and the developers have clearly given a lot of thought as to what side effects that may entail. The protagonist Nilin follows the tired trope of amnesia, however considering the subject matter it fits well and allows her to better show her grey morality. The combat is quite in-depth and there are a lot of customisation options.The aesthetics of the game are the biggest selling point for me though, the combination of old-style Parisian architecture and futuristic technology is perfect.The memory remixing sections are clever and better show off that Nilin is hardly the flawless hero, as well as how much memories can affect your entire personality.The combat though, despite it's depth, can drag on for a while with even regular enemies taking quite a while to defeat. The memory remixing sections are also difficult to control using mouse and keyboard and can get frustrating. They are important parts of the story but can derail the story pace.It's worth buying. Probably not at full price but not by much less. It'll probably be better with a controller too8.5/10"
,Recommended,228300,465045,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Hardjacked,"I can highly recommend this game. If you don't mind a fairly linear game provided that it has good story, fun combat, great graphics and actually lasts - this is a great investment.At the very least get it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,228300,4300476,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,FellowServant7,"This game is a Sci-Fi/Cyber Punk fan's dream coupled with a brilliant soundtrack. The combat features a Pressen system which transforms standard button mashing into something more tactically sound and results in useful effects on Nilin.The world of Neo-Paris is fascinating and the lore is rich but not overwhelming. This is one of the few times a game I enjoy can be action-packed, mature, but not gory and over-the-top. You won't regret this one."
,Recommended,228300,3689187,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Funnybone,"This game plays good. The combat is solid, and while the moves are limited, I never got tired of scrambling the opponent's brains when they were stunned. Basically, positioning matters nothing in combat, as with a single press of the spacebar/a button (depending on keyboard vs controller) you dodge all incoming attacks and get a brief invulnerability to new ones (long enough to dodge again, if needed. Repeat. Boss fights are so far, hit or miss. I enjoyed the first two, while the third has an irritating quick time event that you must beat, in order to kill the boss. Fail? Boss gets some HP back, and you try again. After over an hour of tries, I have failed consistently on the ""Mash the A button quickly"" portion of this quick time event, and normally have no other problems with ""button mashing contests"". So, overall, a decent game, but don't come into it expecting to use the cool 'rewind through people's memories and then alter them' mechanic that is so flauted in the reviews. I have two days of play into it, and have seen that admittedly fun mechanic once, and that was within the first hour of play.TL;DR? Repetetive, dodge-based combat still manages to feel fun. Enemies are moderately varied, and robots provide nice breaks from 'Memory scramble kills everything' fights. Quick time events out the wazoo (Read: Every Boss Fight Ending) and the best part of the game seems to happen when you tinker with memories and try things out, but the game never actually LETS YOU DO THAT.7/10. I don't regret the purchase, but it's also nowhere near what I was expecting."
76561197970649157,Recommended,228300,442639,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,King Platypus,"Easily one of the most beautiful game worlds I have ever seen. The game surely has some technical problems (control of camera and combat), but it makes it up with a good main character, interesting story, gorgeous art design, great music (!) and simply it's amazing level design. Neo Paris was more beautiful and fascinating to me than Bioshok Infinite's Columbia.If you value a beautiful and imaginative setting over flawless game mechanics, you simply MUST have this game."
,Recommended,228300,883746,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Joseph Stalin,"The game has unique and good music (I don't like electronic music, but I do like Remember Me music style, it uses electronic in different way), interesting story and gorgeous surroundings.Unfortunately, it has very slow and boring combat development. I started enjoying gameplay only at 4-th episode and it capitvated me till the ending.If you buy it, you have to stand the boring beginning. After that the game gives more options to choose to fight with, more types of enemies and more combat tactics.I hope they will make next game for this franchise."
76561198053364440,Recommended,228300,26262601,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HangryHufflepuff,"Really great game, I love the fighting mechanics. The story is great.You do need a decent system to run it.The achievements are kinda hard to get compared to some games."
,Recommended,228300,16623042,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ShockJockey,"TLDR: If you're in it for the story, go for it. If you're looking for a great gaming experience, it might not satisfy your needs.Pros- Good story-Memory remixing, one of your character's main skills is a very promising concept and is really interesting to do- There are lots of environmental elements that really stand out and make the game look good- The Combo Lab, which enables players to customize their in-game combos, is also a good inclusion to the game.- Cool art and 3D Models which can be unlocked by playing the game.- Nilin (the protagonist) talks about her thoughts in between episodes, which really helped define her and the role she played in the game.Cons- Repetitive combat. Just do the combos, keep evading, keep stunning the bosses, reduce your cooldowns, gain Focus, and you're good. Boring if you ask me.- The camera kinda sucks. You're mostly stuck looking at the ground (which kinda puts the art to waste), and it kinda spins around uncontrollably when you're near a wall.- Poor character development. The characters are forgettable.- Tons of potential (memory remixing, combo lab, among others), but were poorly executed. Could've been better.-You only get four memory remixing episodes. Yes, four. One of them wasn't even intentional and was out of NIlin's reflex (Olga's). The best part of the game, Nilin's special ability, was only used four times. Shame.- Parkour (?) gets so repetitive. How many ledges are there in Paris?- Prompts in boss fights were a little confusing. Instead of appearing at the center of the screen, they appear from different locations, and might cause confusion for some people.- UNSKIPPABLE CUTSCENES AND TUTORIALS EVEN AFTER THE FIRST PLAYTHROUGH.You might be wondering why I still recommend this game after all of those cons. Well, it's really a story-driven game, and at that aspect, it did a good job. Don't think of it as a super gaming experience that aims to be the cool guy among the pack. Think of it as a VN with non-VN elements, and it'll probably come across as a better game. It's good, sure. I'll give them that. But there were a lot of missed opportunities here and there."
,Recommended,228300,25078510,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,abcug,"Whoa! I fall in love with this game!I really enjoy the fighting and love the combo system. There is no problem with combat, oh man i wish Batman and AC series has the same... :) The visual makes me smile, i really enjoy to poke around ""neo paris"". I wish i have a little bit more room for it! One thing is problematic is the camera handling. It is not just bad, it is f|_|cking bad!Music, visual, atmosphere is stunning i just recommend this game for everybody who missed it. This is a polished pearl! :D A must have one...Playing on windows 10 with gtx970 and no problems or gliches encountered i hope it stay cool! :Dupdate: I just finished the game and i still think this is a very underrated title. The story and story-telling is just amazing and the fight still cool. I absolutely recommend to give it a try, you will not regret it !"
76561197961632856,Recommended,228300,26408549,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,so0ky,"When looking at the objectives of the game, I think it did its job well.  What I mean is, I think this game wanted to convey a compelling story, about what if suffering could be taken out of someone's life.  That was the goal.  It was more centered around the story than anything else.  My prime evidence for this is the gameplay.  First, it is extremely linear.  Meaning there is one direction on where to go, and there is very few instances of back tracking.  To boost your focus or health, you have to find these packs within that current segment of the game.  Once you pass a certain point, there is no turning back and you can't get that pack.The battle system was original, and had a lot of potential, but there was very few application of higher combos, like five to seven button combos.  Someone would come to hit you in mid combo and you would have to jump away.  I very rarely got a six segment combo off.The focus powers were really cool, but you get all of them late into the game, and I feel like you aren't truly playing the game until late in the game.  To me that is a downside to the gameplay aspect because I want to have fights with that many options earlier in the game to enjoy it more.The animations and graphics were great, especially given its time.TL ; DRThe game's objective was to be an interactive book.  It did a good job.  If you are looking for a game that has more indepth gameplay, then you might want to consider playing a different game."
76561198044481295,Recommended,228300,26156463,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,That Guy,"It was a great game although I wish there was more to do with remixing memories. It ran smoothly, and the storyline was easy to follow. Two enthusiatic thumbs up."
76561198038363262,Recommended,228300,26215020,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kibainuzukawolf,it has a great story. replaying it again.
,Recommended,228300,26239818,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pennycook,"I played 20 minutes ofRemember Meon the PS3 several years ago, concluded ""This is pants."" and gave up.  I wish I'd stuck with it.At the start of the game, your combat options are very limited and fights feel like a chore.  But this initially clunky combo system evolves over time into one that has a lot more freedom, which is augmented with several special attacks, and which forces you to mix up your attacks and adopt different strategies for different types of enemies.The ""memory remix"" mechanic from the trailers is an interesting idea, but feels like a wasted opportunity -- it only appears three or four times in the entire game -- and I wish it had been developed more."
,Recommended,228300,26310808,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bumbleshack Wafflesmack,"In the future, some tech CEO thinks to themselves, ""wouldn't it be a good idea if AR could punch you in the face?"" I'm having fun with it. Parkour's almost as good as Assassin's Creed, combat's almost as good as Arkham Asylum, aesthetic's almost as good as Mirror's Edge. Music is a little ever-present, but it's cool music, so that's ok."
,Recommended,228300,26189807,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,og gangster,Sure it's simple but I still enjoyed the game. The enviornments are beautiful and the music flows well with the combat.Nothing to special but I enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,228300,26227100,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,selfification,"When played on a PC, this game is a terrible port of what I can imagine as a half-decent platformer on a console.  The camera jerks like a drunken mule.  Your mouse has no part is determining what you see.  You need to divine what buttons you need to press for combos based on some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ icons.  You need to rotate your mouse in cirlces like someone struck with a bout of epilepsy because they decided that idiotically spinning mice is the equivalent of moving a control in a circle on a console controller.  The menus all anticipate keyboard/console input.  It's just one large horrible mess.  If you like encouraging gaming companies to make♥♥♥♥♥♥ports of console games for PCs, go ahead and get this game.  Otherwise, save yourself hours of annoyance and skip this for better produced games - even games by the same studio such as Life Is Strange which was enjoyable to play on the PC."
76561197998722580,Not Recommended,228300,26227541,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,IAmKas,"It's just not fun. That's the biggest thing I can really say.The story seems interesting, the characters are lively, for the most part, and the visuals are great, as is the overall world, but it gets bogged down by constant grueling, largely unnecessary combat. I had literally one goal: get to this one place. Just trying to do that took me over an hour and four fights before I finally gave up just because I wasn't enjoying myself. Maybe that's a shallow attitude, but I don't like playing games that just make me feel irritated.The 'ghouls' that you wind up fighting against are maddening, any threat they generate destroyed by the fact that they're constantly in your face. When they introduce a new style of that for the first time, the fight just gets increasingly annoying. It ruins any real sense of fear or suspense - plus, I had two of these big, multiple enemy fights literally within a few minutes of the other. So, run down linear path, fight, jump, fight, listen to story, fight, walk two feet, fight. I just want to get on with things already.The fighting is fun to watch, but it's hampered by how you have to perform combos, with timing that doesn't really match the overall pace of the fight. I spend a lot of time in fights mostly just dodging as six or seven ghouls flail all over the place.Anyway, if you love grinding/lots of group combat, go ahead and play it. You'll like it a lot. If you're great with combo-style fighting, too, have at. Just don't expect to ever move quickly through the plot."
76561197970736846,Recommended,228300,26218170,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,i_dc_i,"Overall fun, with an ok story line"
76561198002060237,Not Recommended,228300,24191821,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,./akary.u¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"The graphics and atmosphere are very nice, but thats it. It`s a pointless running and jumping around, without any sense. Fights are boring or annoing, depends on. I realy tried my best to like the game, because I like the cyberpunk setting, and also the that it is about altered memonires, but I quit playing it very soon..."
,Recommended,228300,27783279,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Le TokooranOzor,"First game ever in which I was frustrated when the combats ended.Graphics? Breathtaking.Music? Tasteful.Characters? Story? Universe? Just wow.Certainly not a game for lovers of nervous fights, though."
76561198052281181,Recommended,228300,27810793,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elin.P,"A biggest surprise for me this year.I went into this games thinking it would be somewhere between bad and average (it was on sale). Luckily, I was wrong.You plain Nilin, who lives in the world where memories are a commodity since there is hardware which can add or take them. In this world, people buy memories, sell them, anything but create them in reality. This brings a lot of problems for the society and Nilin is a part of a group that's fighting back, in the world you see many side effects this ""trend"" has.The graphics is real good and you can actually mod it if you don't feel it's good enough.You get attacked by... mutants?, police and guards and more. To combat them, you use martial arts moves put together by combos and you execute them during the fight so you have to be very present and conscious of what you press during the fight, it's not a one button masher for sure. Some moves can do specific things like break guard or heal you so you have to be careful when putting combos together.The sound and music work very well together to bring you into Neo-Paris and I enjoyed the tour and seeing the differences between the slums and the high class. It all feels very appropriate.Nilin herself it alright and is one of those girls that you enjoy watching from behind as well as from the front, her character is quite simple from the start what with being mind wiped but she takes off and grows on you, although it was hard to get over her British accent, in a game like this I'd have expected an American or otherwise (French?).To be fair, you spend most of the time climbing or fighting but there are also some interesting passages involving rewamping other people's memories, following memory messages and look for secrets.If you don't mind dishing out whatever cash the game's asking, you won't be disappointed, though you will need a lot of patience in the fights later on, so be prepared."
76561198052426573,Recommended,228300,10152488,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ichanmich,Great Story and atmosphere.Fights become interesting by unlocking different attacks and the ability to chain them to long combos.Linear levels are a slight downside...
,Recommended,228300,27555410,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,@K0rn4lsky,"The art, story and especially the OST are the main strong points of the game.I stopped at multiple places throughout the game just to watch the beautiful scenery and listen to the music.Neo-Paris offers some very visually appealing sightseens even outside of indeed, very frequent cutscenes.The story feels kind of shallow at first but actually develop in an interesting way later on. There are some moving plot twists which I will not spoils for you, but at least for me, they made me reevaluate my opinion on the game as a whole and think of  it more as of an art piece than a underwhelming DMC wannabe clone.The combat system works, it is kind of fun and you can create your own combos from the preset chainable moves, but  eventually the whole fighting portion of the game gets repetitive regardless.The platforming/climbing part is primitive, everything is semi-automatic and even though there are some secrets to look for, overall the freedom of movement is severly limited and feels very underwhelming compared to the one in game like Prince of Persia: Sands of Time / Warrior Within etc.Think of it as of a more story and less freedom/hardcore-oriented Devil May Cry with different audiovisual style and approach to the platforming."
,Recommended,228300,28214131,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kasares,Beautiful graphics with an interesting story line.Battle system is easy to get the hang of and customizable combos (you are able to customize to a point) really help when in battle.Overall good mechanics I recommend using a consol controller and not the keyboard for easier movement in game.Worth every penny CAPCOM and DONTNOD have made a brilliant game!
,Recommended,228300,28186188,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,i_porter,"The combat system is easy and repetitive but I wouldn't argue that the gameplay is very high-paced and exciting.The concept of rewriting memories is pretty freaking awesome. The storyline is well presented in depth with cinematic cut scenes. There are also lots of free-running elements unlike assassin's creed series, you can't climb every walls, you just have one path, but it looks badass as least not boring.+ Love the way it tells a meaningful story+ Setting up your own combo for different effects/ buffs is a cool idea+ stunning graphics+ the atmosphere- Combat is just simply smashing bottoms, even your grandpa can handle it. repetitive as hell.Let your girlfriend hit the buttoms, just enjoy watching it like an action movie.7.7/10"
,Not Recommended,228300,16812094,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Grumpy_Badger,"TL;DR -The Good: Interesting concept, good storyThe Bad: Awful Controls, bland gameplayThe Ugly: CAMERA!-Remember me has a very interesting concept.  Man has merged the brain with computers, and people can share, erase, and in the case of our protagonist, change memories and feelings.  You play Nilin a specialist in hunting down memories.  The setting is a futuristic Paris where most of the population lives in a slum, and the rest in a utopia.I enjoyed the story in this game, even if it got a little predictable in the second half.  The game offers extra story in the form of journals you can pick up and read, but which I found to be long winded and tedious to go through, so I just stopped caring about them(As opposed to Watch Dogs, where you get brief audio logs that I've never failed to listen to.)The graphics are crisp and clear for the most part, and my fairly high end AMD machine had no trouble with frame rates at all.Combat was more rhythm based than anything else.  You build up combos, then press those buttons (with the occasional dodge thrown in) timed right, you do more damage, and gain bonuses to timers and health.  Once I had a good timer reduction combo, the game devolved into Use special, combo, use special.Moving around levels was more akin to an interactive movie than a platformer.  If Nilin wasn't near THE ledge she needed to climb up onto, she couldn't jump more than 6 inches off the ground.  The HUD would point to where you needed to go, you go there, press action key...done.  There were 2-3 movement puzzles that require you to press the ""shuffle sideways faster"" key. And then that mechanic was ignored for the rest of the game.  There are hidden little boosts half of which were easy to find, the other half easy to miss.  If you miss them and you want to go back for them, you have to restart the level.  So, I didn't 100% this game.Controls...control are where this game suffers horribly.  I tried both keyboard+mouse, and Xbox 360 controller.  Neither was what I'd call good, and each had massive areas in which they were frustratingly horrible.  Certain fights, you need to point away from the enemy, and activate various environmental controls.  This was 'throw you controller' frustrating on the controller.  Nilin would turn and point at EVERYTHING, but what I needed to hit.  On the K+M, I didn't have this issue at all, but when you're required to move objects with a hack, I would be doing the old swipe mouse, pickup, return, swipe, MANY times to move objects incredibly slowly.On top of the control issues, the camera control was HORRENDOUS. Many, many times I'd would start a fight, only to be looking at/through/into a wall while trying to finish a combo.  A few fights in narrow hallways were mostly guesswork, as every time I hit an enemy, the camera would fly into a wall.Overall, this isn't a game I could recommend at all.  I think it would make a pretty good animated movie, but I'd save the $6 and wait for something else.The Good: Interesting concept, good storyThe Bad: Awful Controls, bland gameplayThe Ugly: CAMERA!$2 out of  $5  <--New rating system?  Do you like it?"
76561198036858274,Recommended,228300,27376623,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rhodri,An intriguing story that is matched with incredible visual flair and interesting game mechanics.
,Recommended,228300,27383380,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tyrol,"Repetative combat, but great visuals and a story that will tug at the heart strings. Unfortunately the best feature of the game (changing memories) appears too infrequently."
,Recommended,228300,27384710,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Die Yeti,"This is a truly epic game, an amazing story that was well thought out and executed."
,Not Recommended,228300,27342170,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RobtheCobbler,I want to like this game.  I really do.  But the controls are weird and the switching between scenes as you play is hard to watch.
76561198031566827,Recommended,228300,27341506,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HUGGINGTREE,"So, about the story, you know the end you don't expect ? Well it has it, and it's amazingly well played !The combo concept is not thriling even if I had a lot of fun playing with the perks, still a good game.Play this game for the plot and think about the concept of ""M3morize"" for its philosophical implications. If you don't play for the plot, you may get bored quite fast."
76561197980432505,Recommended,228300,27332151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,portway136,This game needs a sequel.
,Recommended,228300,15861416,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,thewwe4,Remember Me has a story quite rich and interesting about personal memory controlling within a world very immersive and well portrayed in a beautifully crafted cyberpunk Neo-Paris artwork. It's amazing to see so little details as digital and holographic shop signs and high tech delivery machines within the game to be an awesome look of a futuristic world that creates an fascinating and atmospheric look for the game. It's a third person beat'em up that is sure action packed with stunning visuals and a memorable storyline (no pun intended). One of my most favorite underrated games ever.
,Recommended,228300,8653954,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,.reincarnation,"This game really surprised me. You can tell that a lot of love went into this game. The environments are pretty detailed and often look astonishing. Some textures could have had a higher resolution, but overall this game looks really good. The art design has good aesthetics that remembered me a little bit of Mirrors Edge (although Remember Me is way more detailed).The normal background sound was good but nothing too fancy. The combat music, however, was really well made. It adapted to the situation really well and often made the fights really epic.The fights are good, although nothing too spectacular, except, of course, for the boss fights. These were all pretty well staged and had their own mechanics, which you have to figure out. You cannot get stuck, as the game gives you hints or the solutions when you take too long.The controls mostly work pretty well (played with keyboard and mouse). The only real exception is the spammer tool. This locks on to possible targets, which is of course helpful. In several fights you need to use it on certain enemies and although you look directly at them it targets another one. But if you know this problem, you can easily adapt to it and it will only be a small annoyance. A little bit more annoying was the camera, that sometimes (not too often) glitched or did not show all the enemies around you.I played the game on high difficulty (because I read several times, that it would be too easy otherwise) and really enjoyed it. Don't get me wrong, this difficulty level will really be hard for most people, so expect to die often (especially during the boss fights). It was a challenge, but definitely a feasible one. Whenever I died, I knew exactly what I did wrong. It was never bad luck or bad controls.I found the story entertaining and definitely better compared to a lot of other games (but there are better stories out there). I liked the memory remixes, where you can alter several things and you have to find a certain combination to achieve your goal.So, all in all, there are several new and good ideas in this game with a few things that could be improved. If there will be another part I will most definitely buy it."
76561198019391869,Recommended,228300,27605692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyrmatfrage,"The setting: In cyberpunk Paris, memories are bought and sold as a commodity, and you play as an 'errorist agent', stealing and altering memories in order to tear down the corp that monopolizes the memory technology. Unfortunately for such an awesome premise, the game itself is fairly mediocre. The main gameplay is 3rd person brawling, and while being able to design your own combos is novel, overall the game mechanics are shallow and toward the end of the game it was somewhat tedious. I really wish the game had capitalized more on the ""memory tech"" premise - there's some cool moments like using someone else's memories to navigate a safe path past sentries, or when you get to ""remix"" memories (basically playing through a scene and finding ways to modify the scene so that you alter its outcome), but those moments are too few and in between you're platforming or beating up dudes. The storyline is serviceable, though the lack of agency in the main character is frustrating (for 99% of the game she goes around doing what someone else is telling her to do). Other than that, the visual designs of cyberpunk Paris and the ""memory landscapes"" are fantastic. I really hope they make a sequel and make a game worthy of the great premise."
,Recommended,228300,28457474,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Great_Phoenix_Lord,"This game is an amazing blend of Cyberpunk and Dystopian future with a daring and bold storyline. There are many aspects to this game which make it worthwhile and fun to play, most notably the use of combat styles, wherein you can create your own combos from ""Pressens"" which are essentially variations on the X and Y keys when using a controller.The storyline itself borrows elements of Ghost in the Shell, The Matrix, and Equilibrium while the game play itself is a blend of a brawler and ocassionally a third-person shooter (When using the junk spammer weapon). Certain enemies require specific tactics and can be a challenge. I found the ones who teleport some of the hardest.The graphics are incredibly thoughtout and just what one would expect from Capcom. They are brilliant, vivid and unique. Each of the mechanical enemies is uniquely designed and presents its own challenges.Overall, I would sayt his game is one of the more fun ones I have played and I have had it in my inventory some time, I only just finished it though. One day I may go back for a 100% but today I will take the victory."
,Recommended,228300,11152867,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Azthall,This is a great game especially if you want a fun and floating combat experience decorated with a great story and great music.Pros:+ Not original but very well done combat. Crafting your own combos was interesting.+ Great story. Touching and memorable.+ Excellent music.+ A strong female protagonist.+ Good visuals.+ Overally easy and smooth gameplay.Cons:- That platformer guide babysitting the whole game like a tutorial got annoying.
,Recommended,228300,27051086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Violet,I loved this game. Right from the start it had me drawn in. It has this awesome cinematic aspect that is unlike any other game I've played. I loved it right from the start.
,Recommended,228300,27053874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpacePisces,"One of my favourite games. I fall in love with Neo Paris since that moment when I saw this city first time. Yep, that was first time I liked game more because of graphics. But you can't judge me: breathtaking views of Neo Paris really excite.I want to say the same about plot but can't. That doesn't mean that this game isn't interesting: it has unpredictable plot twist and the ending is so emotional for me.And I should notice that characters were memorable for me. A pity that there weren't a lot of scenes with the other characters.I know that Dontnod tried to create an AAA-game being a small indie company and to my mind they did their best.I recommend this game. I finished this game about year ago but I still want return in Neo Paris sometimes."
76561197992848419,Recommended,228300,26945651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sinsarii,"Remember Me is an excellent, albiet short, game that illustrates a beautiful neo-paris combined with fluid combat (I played with M+KB and didn't have a problem). In addition, the memory alterations scenes and their different outcomes were a cool idea. However, the developer was plaugued by financial problems combined with the game idea being denied by many publishers. The repurcissions of this are evident as on the surface, Remember Me has a lot to offer but while playing it feels like so much was cut.Regardless, you should definitely check out this game (and get the artbook)!"
,Recommended,228300,18118398,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Natsururin,"Remember Me takes place in a futuristic Paris and recounts the tale of an amnesic Memory Hunter named Nilin – apparent leader of the terrorist (or in this case, “Errorist”) force opposed to their world's “utopia” where memories can be digitalised and controlled via machines to achieve true happiness – as she gradually rediscovers who she is and how horrible the utopia she lives in actually is.(TL;DR at the end.)__Futuristic settings are nothing out of the ordinary in fantasy media but Remember Me still manages to have a stunningly beautiful, ravaged Neo-Paris that makes you want to roam through every nook and cranny it has to offer going for itself. Unfortunately, despite how much beauty and potential the setting holds; the game doesn't allow you to do that.Being as linear as it is (the only real divergence of path you're allowed to take is either there to not make the game seem like a literal straight line, or because of collectibles), you will never get to truly experience this elaborated setting and that's a shame. You can feel a lot of time went into designing Neo-Paris and rendering it to be what it is, but all you really do is walk pre-determined paths without ever truly discovering anything of your own and that feels like one of the biggest setting waste I've ever seen.Plot-wise, the ride has a lot going for itself: it offers you yet another insight on what the average person would consider a utopia while clearly displaying how every utopia is a hidden dystopia waiting to break out and it does so brilliantly.The dialogue gives a sense of realism for the situation we're given and is shown in some parts to excel at showing how conflicted Nilin is; her past self's actions conflicts with her current self from the knowledge and experience she lost and she's understandably uncertain as to how to proceed with her amnesia, having no choice but to resort to mindlessly listening to her only ally until she manages to recover her lost memories. This is accompanied by good voice acting that expresses the correct emotions at the right times, greatly helping to make Nilin a really strong female lead.However, there are some aspects where the dialogue fell flat and almost felt useless as well as parts of the plot that were either not expanded on enough or too predictable for regular players, so it's a regrettable aspect for a short game like Remember Me. Not to mention the lack of any other proper character besides ""Nilin"", they're all side-characters that are never elaborated onthat muchif we exclude one exception.That being said anyone who's considering to buy it for a good time over an overly-elaborated plot bearing an incalculable number of plot twists will most likely find themselves not that affected by this issue as strongly as those who sought intricate stories.And all things considered, I'd still call Remember Me an enjoyable experience plot-wise despite its shortcomings.As for the actual gameplay, I'm going to be strictly speaking from the perspective of someone who has only played this on PC with a mouse/keyboard.Its gameplay is rather simplistic in that the combat only requires a handful of buttons to press for attacking, dodging and executing special attacks. You will find yourself storming through the game by just repeatedly spamming kicks and punches whilst dodging when a red “!” appears above the enemies about to charge to you as that is all the game has to offer in terms of fighting.It proposes a system of personalised movesets named Pressens that enable you to create your own combos with varying effects such as gain of health or reduced cooldown times for your special attacks upon landing the hit. The good aspect of it is that you can make multiple combos for specific effects (particularly useful if running low on health or needing to use a special attack ASAP), but it's overall just a nice touch to a simple fighting style as none of the Pressens you equip will actually change what Nilin is doing; they only impact what effect it'll have on the enemies, and for one the combos dictate which move you should have next (you can't put a kicking pressen in the very first combo as there are only slots for punching pressens).It also offers you the possibility of “remixing” a person's memory, as in changing their recollections of an event to your whim and make them believe whatever you want them to, but despite allowing quite a lot of item interaction in those memory remixes this remains quite underused and would have gained from a lot more exploring than just using it when the plot needs it. You never get a chance to remix memories if the game doesn't tell you that you need to do it to make the plot progress.The controls are quite hard to get a true grasp on with a keyboard and a mouse at the beginning and I wonder if a controller would give a much better experience, but by the end of the game I found myself playing with ease so I guess it's a matter of getting used to it.However, one thing you will not be getting used to in the game is the camera. Between the times where it won't let you target the correct enemy, the times it will pick the oddest angles it can possibly found, and the times where it'll outright enter a wall or the back of Nilin's head while you're fighting when the game getstoolinear in its fighting zones, you'll often find yourself in dire trouble because the camera is a real pain to deal with and that is one of the gameplay's biggest issues. I've managed to die on very linear paths because the camera wouldn't make Nilin run in a straight line.__TL;DRPros:- Nice story for the length of this game (on average 6~11 hours for the first playthrough depending on how you play and if you accidentally went AFK with the game on).- Brilliant and gorgeous setting that exploits yet another concept of “utopia/dystopia”.- Strong female lead without being human; she has her own fears and uncertainties which help to give credibility and depth to the character- Nice French touches here and there that remind you that this technically takes place in Paris.Cons:- Too linear for its own good; the setting feels like it was hard work for naught since you'll never get to explore it.- Underexploited aspects of the game, as well as predictable outcomes when you reach the final episodes.- A distinct lack of characters that aren't side-characters besides Nilin.- Repetitive gameplay that doesn't exactly allow you a whole lot of creativity despite advertising said creativity.- Absolutely horrible camera that will just screw you over in some places of the game.Verdict: 7.5/10I'd recommend this game fully, but only when it's on a big sale as I don't think it's worth a full price of nearly 30 euros; despite its beautiful setting and nicely executed female lead supported by a good voice actress, it's a somewhat short game so you won't get a whole lot of intricacy from the plot. The flaws in the camera also make the simplistic combat unnecessarily difficult from how bad it is at setting itself at a good angle (and it's especially bad once it comes down to fighting in a small arena; the camera just doesn't know what to do anymore).EDIT: 'Tis once again on sale, go! Go!"
,Recommended,228300,26949392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LuCK_Str1kez,"After Playing through this game I was surprised how good it was.There are of course some areas of the game that could be better,but the overall experience is good.+1"
,Recommended,228300,26971902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MissJainaSolo,"This game is perfect, great story, stunning graphics, cyberpunk atmosphere,  being able to alter parts of people’s memories, just WOW!!!The only negative point is its poor controls, I rage quit 2-3 times due to them."
76561197993654142,Recommended,228300,26279032,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DingoAlphaBacon,"Just a short way in.  The graphics are well done, the cut scenes are superb, and the game play is interesting.  Just from the beginning I would recommend it as an interesting game to look at."
76561197967002564,Recommended,228300,26327650,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Killer_Bob,"Good story, good characters, good gameplay. It starts stronger than it finishes and the game feels a bit repetitive at parts but the setting more than makes up for it. The game turned out much much longer than I had anticipated. 53 hours to complete."
76561198010622353,Recommended,228300,26506870,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chocolate Fireguard,"Just completed the game with a little over 70% completion.Combat is kinda repetitive with punch and kicks, but the combat has a limited combo system that you can customise, you also gain access to powers which all have their uses.Movement isn't that great and you are very much lead down a set path with little to no exploration outside of picking up little-hidden packages, there are 3 real puzzles in the game, each requires you to listen and are engaging.Graphics are great with some nice vistas here and there, the music is very engaging and the voice acting sounds good and fits the tone required from moment to moment.This game is above average and has a Fantastic story which keeps you wanting to learn more about what is going on with your character. It's the kind of game you play that is challenging enough but you can really just sit back and enjoy the game designers vision."
,Recommended,228300,26516200,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,esignael,"A perfect game, deserving a perfect score of 5/7. I had a blast playing it, fighting mechanics aside the storyline and the unique feature of memory alteration and the way it changes the story is just amazing. Even though I played the game for 47 hours the game can still suprize me with little details. Just another underrated game that deserves more attention then it gets. 100% would recommend."
76561198272558107,Recommended,228300,26561975,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Parshendi,"I totaly enjoyed playing this game. Honestly, I believe it has been widely underrated by critict reviewers. It has some minor flaws, the biggest of them  being the impossibility of skipping the cutscenes. The game mechanics are cool enough, and not at all so mediocre or difficult to handle as some people say (IMHO).So, I find this title a worthy member of my library. Worth 30 euros? Hmmm, maybe not, if you compare it to other pieces on the same price range. I got it on sale and haven´t regreted it.Hence, my thumb goes up for this one."
76561198093035868,Recommended,228300,30914007,Posted: 2 April,all,Bilbro Swaggins,I played this and i really enjoyed it. it has a fun fighting system and the dlc is worth buying. it became one of my favorite games almost instantly and i highly recremend for anyone looking to buy a game in this genere
,Recommended,228300,26768230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beta,I cried at the end... Need anymore paraphrase ?
,Recommended,228300,26753199,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,derdennis,"I loved this game! Really great setting and an interesting story.It is very linear, but I like those kind of games.Once you get used to the fighting and customization of combos it is also fun.Recommend!"
,Recommended,228300,26623283,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Classified,beautiful game!
,Recommended,228300,26638929,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Op.13,"It's a great game with amazing detailed graphic, awesome music, and interesting mechanism.For people like me who don't have hundreds of hours in an open-world game, this 10hour movie-like experience is just right (86% completion rate with normal difficulty). I brought this when it was in discount long time ago but never got time to play. Now I would say it's totally worth it.I feel the game story is actually wrote for blockbuster movie rather than game, but the interesting martial art combat method (using a gamepad is a must) and memory remix small game made it fun.Some people may hate this kind of system (reminds me of God of War or Prince of Persia), because you will need to jump around and find the right opportunity to stop the combo. In some later fights, it's even hard to make more than 3 button combo when you're waiting skill cool down. Well, but still much better than Dark Soul...But I feel many fights are actually added in to make it like an action ""game"".  Also, the camera position during fight and during map exploration is very awkward - can we have a target lock system please?Replay value seems limited, as the game is quite straight forward. I'm not a fan for collection.Bottom line: 8/10, great story, awesome visual/audio, straight foward line without choices, interesting combat but may not suit for people don't like this combat system. As for most people it's an one-time experience, take you time to enjoy the visual/audio before rush through the map."
,Recommended,228300,467778,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Null & Void,"This game has a beautifully designed world that almost makes you not notice how linear and simple the level design itself actually is. There is a system for creating your own combos which was a draw point for me, but the way it actually plays out in game you wind up with very unrealistic series of moves. Boss combat is what finally led me to say something though. It's incredibly console oriented. It includes scripted cycles to the boss fights followed up by quick time event finishers. The combos and abilities don't really seem to play into it a lot. The memory diving was kind of interesting to play with the first couple of times, but actually became annoying as things progressed. Also I wouldn't even attempt to try playing this with a mouse and keyboard. It was definitely made for a xbox controller. The way the camera functions makes that clear from the start.I just wish I could leave a solidly positive review, I wanted to like this game but in the end I'm kind of wishing I had bought grid 2 instead."
76561198084700805,Recommended,228300,23709929,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dog the Deadly,"Pretty good game. The gameplay is split up between fighting and puzzles, and the puzzles are definetly more fun. The fighting is repetitive, and the boss types are recycled. The common enemy diversity is good enough, considering how short the game is. All in all, don't play this game if you enjoy the satisfaction of combat. If that doesn't matter to much for you (same as me) then this game will provide some good entertainment.  As I said before, the puzzles are the best bit of gameplay. The story is good, concepts are cool. Character devlopment is non-exsistent outside of the protagonist, who I found myself getting attached to. All in all, I didn't care too much when people died, but was sympathetic with the heroine. Like I said, pretty good game. However, $30 is a bit steep, so make sure to get it on sale.EDIT: I was neither high nor drunk when writing this review, despite all evidence to the contrary."
76561198142726747,Recommended,228300,26153985,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BeGud,"I bought this game on a hunch, and I did not regret that decision.This game is extremely polarized.... as in, if we could draw a graph of the quality, and make the right x-axis be gameplay mechanics and combat, and the left x-axis be the script and characterization, we will end up with the graph for x^3.Enough metaphors and let's get to the meat:Pros:=================- Amazing combat system: You can design your own combinations of moves that you can (and at times you HAVE to) change depending on the situation you're in and the enemies you're fighting.- Great enemies: A good combat system will get you nowhere without good enemies, and Remember Me delivers just that; there are multiple variations of enemies all of which are fun to fight.- Excellent universe: Honestly, Neo-Paris might just tie with Bioshock's Rapture at being my 3rd favourite videogame universe after Mass Effect and Deus Ex: Human Revolution; they beautifully imagined that city, and it matched the story pretty well, and the artist(s) who designed the interior design of some levels need to be designing apartments in real life, because they are talented at it; in fact, I liked the art of this game so much, that I actually bought their artbook ""The Art of Remember Me"".- Excellent music: Nothing seals a good videogame universe more than a good soundtrack that fits it, and I'll be damned if this score doesn’t fit the game like a glove; futuristic like the era, fast and upbeat like the pacing of the story, and finally distorted and blurred like the people of this city and their memories.- Mighty fine graphics and visual effects.Cons:=================- Poor writing: The characters are 2-dimentional, shallow and not relatable in the slightest.Characters act in a specific way seemingly arbitrarily and without any justification or clear motive.Well written and relatable characters are essential to achieve full immersion; look at Deus Ex: Human Revolution for example; part of the reason why the final decision is difficult to take, is because every character has a strong point supporting his argument, that you'll sympathize with them if you put yourself in their shoes, making the final decision that much more difficult and thought provoking.Unfortunately Remember Me falls very short on that part.- Poor graphics optimization: The graphics, thought look good, are very poorly optimized, and the fps is all over the place.- The god-damn unskippable cutscenes.- Some elements of the gameplay mechanics can get repetitive sometimes.- ShortTL;DR: The excellent combat system, gameplay mechanics, and the awe-inspiring universe and visuals compensate for the poorly written 2-dimentional characters."
,Recommended,228300,26191658,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,LUKA,"Восхитительная музыка,необычная атмосфера,крутые моменты с изменением памяти,вот всё что можно сказать об игре.В остальном,игра ,после середины, начинает надоедать своей файтинг механикой.Поиграть в неё стоит ради сюжетной линии и необычной музыки, и атмосферы.Всем любителям серий Prince of Persia игра понравится!"
,Recommended,228300,25769153,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vladkins,"9/10 - if you like Deus Ex, give this a go+ Off the charts cyberpunk atmospheric+ Fun, engaging story+ Highly polished, excellent visuals+ Beautifully crafted rewind sequences+ Interesting combat+ Novel ideas and themes that are not seen in games at all- On the rails moments- Story does not follow at times- Short"
76561198087313362,Recommended,228300,28658825,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,john_ergine,"It is true that the game is linear and limited, the characters and acting lacking and the story can't quite handle the possibilities of the concept. But the world is beautiful and detailed and there are some fresh ideas. What can I say, I'm a sucker for anything cyperpunk."
76561198142388245,Recommended,228300,28478329,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The Travelling Monk,"Combines platforming elements with the combo-like action genre and a unique ability to manupulate memories, making it a fun game."
,Recommended,228300,28612754,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jezior,"A very unique game concept and design, Definitely worth picking and playing. I recomend!"
,Recommended,228300,28749161,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tristam,"The artwork and music are just stunning.Intersesting story but it seemed too shallow.The game mechanics and combat can be frustrating and distracting from the entire product.Highly recomend playing through, it is a short and easier game."
,Recommended,228300,28752438,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bliggs,"I'll recommend it, if it's on special.It's a interesting idea, was fun while I played it. Combat is challenging. Felt that something was missing."
76561198158938940,Recommended,228300,28799188,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ltm1900,"Try better ones.Control feels unature and climbing is extremely easy the game will automatically direct you to the right way. Fighting is tedious,i get tired after a few hours discover the world, they look great at the beginning but after 4 hours everything is just repeated. Have some metrits, but not that good."
,Recommended,228300,28809356,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,berna1111,"A tremendously good story, well built characters and their developments, albeit a bit contrived. Totally worth it if not for the controls during combat and memory altering: in combat every action seems to be on a delay, and even though you get fair warning before an enemy attacks you if you are in the middle of a punch you can not break the attack to slide down. This style of combat would have worked great in other games, like Dark Souls and Monster Hunter, where these delays force you to take a strategic approach to your enemies. But does not work well against a cluster of enemies, where a Batman's combat style would be more fluid and feel more responsible. About the memory altering scenes, I believe it could have been simpler with a console controller, but moving the mouse in circles to move the memory back and forwards it's not the best way to do it. Had to that the need to pause the scene in an exact moment to interact with the memory and you begin to feel the impossibility of make fine tunes, ending up going back more than you really need just to try and catch that fleeting interaction moment - after you spotted it, which can also be frustrating. These scenes are beautifully scripted and are central to the story, but I feel they just can't be properly explored with the current scheme. I would suggest a two part game: first see the movie and spot the interactions points in the normal sequence (maybe press E when a sound or a shine pop up). Then you are given a list of those points and choose to alter them. When you do so, you go back to that point, see the change happening and the branching of the story, You can then let it play and when you return to the 'change select screen' you can now see your new branch with the new interaction points. I don't know, maybe it's just me. Another bad thing is how close to the character the camera is - you have a beautifully detailed world but you are given only a claustrophobic perspective to look at it. I understand this camera is probably easier to work with in tight spaces, but as with the combat you could have used Batman's camera. And turn off the blur...The story is nicely done and this game deserves to be played for it."
76561198212949999,Recommended,228300,28738812,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kaitlyntracy08,"I loved the story line and the graphics were amazing. If you are looking for a game with difficult fight scenes even on easy and with multiple enemies then this is the game for you. I personally did not like them all that much because I kept dying, but completing a difficult fight was nice. I dont know if it was my computer or the game but sometimes the game would glich and I would have to exit. Other than that I loved this game and I recommed it, unless you dont like the the things I stated above."
,Recommended,228300,29039444,Posted: 5 January,all,Hans,"Remember Me is a great action game, that combines great visuals, a beautiful soundtrack and a compelling story. It took me about 15 hours to complete, which I found perfect as it was possible to explore the entire game without needing too much time.The fighting system is clever, as the player needs to perform certain combos in order to defeat the enemies. It becomes quite repetitive after a while though and would have benefited from more complex battles."
,Recommended,228300,29050727,Posted: 5 January,all,Megafoo,"Fans of the band mind.in.a.box enter here. Excellent game for lovers of the scifi/cyber punk genre. Graphics are crisp and clean. Detail to Nilin is stunning, WINK WINK. It is very easy and short, but the genre and story make up for those shortcomings.-BUTTON MASHER-LEDGE JUMPER-MIND BENDER"
,Recommended,228300,29023820,Posted: 4 January,all,ExiLeon,"Just beaten it few days before. So giving my brief say on the game.Overall: 8/10Combat system: 7/10Storyline: 8/10Graphics: 7/10Problem solving: 7/10Money for content: 9/10P/s: Experinced fatal error while fighting boss and the game did not load into following sequence after you defeated a boss. Restart the game and it works fine. Using windows 10.Combat system:You basically mashing LMB and RMB as well as dogding by pressing spacebar while having to press interaction button ""E"" once in a while. Special power by pressing ""Q"" and select using mouse. The combo are very lacking and have very low learning curve. It get quite repetitive very quick, it might get boring so fast if you guys are more into wide variety of combo and stuff.Storyline:No spoiler. It started strong and end in very lacklustre way. Character development only focus on the main heroin as others side character just disappear after 1-2 appearance. =,=Very story-driven game. Just a very light hint, the puzzle related to storyline. +,+Graphics: 7/10It was released back in 2013, aged very well for me. But the visual somehow make me dizzy after playing a few hours. Thinking maybe because the lighting too strong from the game. Not an expert on this field, so next.Problem solving: 7/10The only thing that turned me off is part where the riddle needed me to listen carefully. It's challenging for those who doesn't exposed to proper pronounciation of english words plus it get quite confusing after you listen to it a few times. The other problem works just fine.Money for content: 9/10Obtained it for half retail price. Worth it nevertheless."
76561198058582874,Recommended,228300,29093027,Posted: 7 January,all,everlastall,"This game is has way more ambition that it can match. But I still respect the hell out of it for trying to be different. The world, architecture, tech, and more is very intriguing as well as some of the enemy designs, and the build your own combo thing is a very cool idea that was done fairly well here, but should be implemented and perfect elsewhere. Even the story and characters, which has some very interesting parts to it along with others clumsy written (a lot characters come out of nowhere and are gone just as quick), has good scope to it. So while it definitely has some problems, I still think it's quite and admirable game. Got it on sale, was pleasently surprised."
,Recommended,228300,29631994,Posted: 1 February,all,paoh,Hidden Gem. Game is fun. Narrative is great. Never took so many screenshots !
76561198097590040,Recommended,228300,29620965,Posted: 31 January,all,Kris Wants To Battle,"Fabulous game. It always added new abilities so the gameplay didn't get stale, the general design was beautiful, as well as the animation, and the storyline was riveting."
,Not Recommended,228300,29955399,Posted: 15 February,all,Kasteii,"I once had a dream where I had taste buds in the♥♥♥♥♥ and it was way more pleasant than this game. Jokes apart, I'm really salty because I'm disappointed.The first two or three hours, I was like a little kid opening a present, something with sugar and flashy colours. I must admit, the art direction is sometimes just wonderful in this game. I'm not fond of Neo-Paris because most of the times, you're either underground or between tall buildings. Which represent Paris pretty well indeed, you can almost smell the sweet fragrance of♥♥♥♥♥♥emanating from the subway. During the game, you will encounter environment who may cut your breath, especially in the second part of the game. Another good point is the amazing acting work made by Kezia Burrows. It's really rare to hear such sincerity in a video game, the acting is all natural, neither sleepy nor hysterical. There are others good actresses and actors and in the game, most are just allright. But, I can't recommend this game because : everything else.Controls are not good, at all. The camera is attached to a rubber band, or to a pole. It depends in which way you need it (spoiler : it's never the good one). As the game is just a huge corridor (not even huge in facts, invisible walls are strong with this game), the camera is often really close to Nilin, you may feel a bit claustrophobic sometimes. The world is, most of the time, empty. You sometimes see one or two civilians in a corner, but you can't interact at all with them, there is only enemies in this world.The collectives are useless, both in term of gameplayand in the scenario. Getting some of them is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ For example, sometimes you have to grab a memory which your character can't reach, but you just have to press the button to grab and it teleportsto you. It's no big deal, but it's not going well with the rigidity of the gameplayConcerning the scenario, it's really hard for me to tell all the reasons I think it's terrible (because english isn't my native language and because I'm to upset not to curse). It's a ♥♥♥♥inpile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You see the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥in Jurrasick Park, when the dinosaur is sick ? It's nothing compared to the scenario of this game.The game makes you expect something grandiose about remixing memories, reflexionabout what makes us human. Forget it right now, the characters are mostly archetype and often caricatural. A big black guy with scars and big guns ? Really ? The mad scientist almost stuttering when he's talking, because of excitation and, you know, madness. How ♥♥♥♥inoriginal. Except for Nilin, the characters are badly written, as is the universe. You're supposed to be attached to the others, but the game is really quick, so you don't even have time for that. There is one or two -maximum- character per chapter. And when the chapter ends, you forget the character, not seeing him/her again. If you're lucky, you may see them 15s during a cutscene. You know, the ones you can't pass. As I said, for 6-7 chapters, you think that the problem spread worldwide, that you are part of a greater thing. But at the end, it's just daddy, mommy and little daughter. I don't know how you can feel anything for them, you just don't KNOW them. Moreover, the games is trying to put a philosophical aspect in all that, but it fails hard. You never know if it's philosophical, Nilin thoughts, or something else, it's all really blurry. Plus others things, I'm to salty to list them all, I was just amazed how flat is the scenario and the writhing, either in the dialogues, the characters relations, the global story... One other thing : lots of things aren't explained. I mean, really explained. You got powers during the game. You got powers because you need them to pass some new types of enemiess. Try to get it right : you don't earn them with experience points, you don't have to look for them, there is no hidden powers, they just appears by magic. Without a single explanation, except that your pass is blurry. But in the end, your past isn't blurry at all and you don't give a damn♥♥♥♥♥♥about it. Lots of things in this game came from the magical thoughts : it is because it is, don't ask. A real shame to see this in a game who wants to be intelligent, sensible, interesting, captivating.The fights are between cool and mhe. Some are just absurds, it's like Sauron swinging his mace versus a horde of small enemies, it's never truly tactical. As I said, after some hours I got blasé, so I just ran through the game and the fights. Basically, if you take your time, you just can't lose a fight. You can't lose any fight. ""Fights""indeed, there is not technique in it, it's just combos (you can change them, but it's not really customization). Good point for the fights, the animations are really great, the character is really light and she moves smoothly. But quickly, you just want the fight to end and go back to... To the platform gameplay. But you don't REALLY want to go back there. The camera is often (not always, but really too much to enjoy it) not well. And worse than that, when you're holding onto platforms or else, it almost doesn't move. At all. Rigidity again, you can't look up, back, around, just look in the direction you wanna go. It's like 2D platform with a supernumerary dimension. PoP 2004 had better cameras. I know it was never sold as a sandbox or an open world, but still it's worth. Because you see all the buildings, some things far away, you wannavisit the roofs, the depths, maybe some flat you pass by. But you can't, it's ♥♥♥♥ing Danaide's barrel all over again. Really frustrating.I'm sorry, if someone read this review, it's really confused and I guess not really clear but get this : you have very little freedom in this game, the gameplayisn't great (sometimes good, sometimes terrible), the scenario is lazy. My first playthroughwas ok, but I got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, because of the things I said earlier. And I don't play games to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at them. I like to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because I played bad, because it means I can get better. But I hate to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the game is accumulating errors and lacks depths. In one word : anticlimax.PS : I played to the end because the game isn't bad enough for me to stop in the middle. Or the game is too short I don't know. But maybe one day I'll try to get all the achievements because I like it, and that day Igonnacry. This game has very little replay value.In one word : anticlimax."
,Recommended,228300,29614219,Posted: 31 January,all,1-800-AREUSLAPPIN,"I loved this game! Almost 10 hours on record and I just finished it. I loved the style of it and the game mechanics. Took a little while to understand how the fighting combos worked in the beginning, but quickly learned and had a lot of fun with it.I also really appreciated that the protagonist is a biracial woman!Buy this game if you like sci-fi, fighting games, female protags, and action."
76561198052781400,Recommended,228300,29136242,Posted: 8 January,all,JC,"I really enjoyed the story in the game, along with the feel/atmosphere of it.  The world/feel kinda reminds me of some parts of mass effect crossed with the old school blade runner type sci-fi. It has a mix of fighting and searching, and you get around like in tomb raider more often than not, but with out the difficulty of actually having to make the moves ala Donkey Kong Jr, rather easily clicking the direction you want to go, and making the move.For someone that does not play fighting style games often like me, you may find some fights hard, especially the boss fights. I am sure for some that have played them move recently than say the original ""mortal combat"" era, aka early 90's, might have an easier time. I personally wouldn't have minded the easiest difficulty being even easier!  That said, when you do finally beat them on your 3rd-4th try it is satisfying. Finally you blasted robot!Over all i found it a pretty fantastic game. I basically got it because i just loved life is strange and i grabbed this to see how their other game was. I was pleasantly surprised. If you want something different, worth a shot."
,Recommended,228300,29136565,Posted: 9 January,all,Satyroshka,A beautiful story with great action and pretty environments. Emotional ending. A great addition to your collection.
76561198161859768,Recommended,228300,30991845,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Good story, good concept, good art, just love this game!! Must play for people that love good story~"
,Not Recommended,228300,28967373,Posted: 2 January,all,USS Lego,"This felt like it should have been a movie.The game starts going the direction it wants to and you get to play along with it for about 10 hours. You have some customization in your combos though, you can choose whether a given strike will reduce the cooldown on your special abilities, deal extra damage, or heal you. End of customization. Now you're all set to solve a handful of puzzles, parkour over the cityscape, punch, kick and overload any of the dozen or so different enemies in the game.And your reward: messing with people's minds. Kind of like the camera will have been messing with yours on the trip to get there. And then you'll realize that their minds are messing with your's and have to deal with it. The story is solid, like I said this should have been a movie, but I can't recommend this as a game.P.S.I would have loved to see more open environments and had deeper character custimization."
,Recommended,228300,29075963,Posted: 6 January,all,Tear,"The game itself has a pretty cool concept/plot, but the gameplay is just very awkward. It's the type of game where you have to follow specific directions to continue the game, there's no other way. The camera shifts at very awkward angles and sometimes does a 360 when I shift my mouse a bit to the left or the right. Other than that, the game is decent. I like the character a lot."
76561198087318642,Recommended,228300,29076249,Posted: 6 January,all,ViciousFATMAN,"Good story.  Cool unique gameplay, though it left me wanting a little more.  Great value if it's on sale."
,Recommended,228300,28801894,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Temnomera,"Very enjoyable, GREAT OST, Arkham style combat. This game is underated"
76561197970774380,Recommended,228300,28999423,Posted: 3 January,all,larken,Amazing story and so much fun !
,Recommended,228300,28961456,Posted: 2 January,all,Son of a glitch,Brilliant idea! I wish I had it first...
76561198059335100,Not Recommended,228300,28958002,Posted: 2 January,all,tippyut,"I really, really, really wanted to like this game.  Even after the first few minutes I thought ""Well, maybe just the intro level is bad.""The controls are clunky at best.  Most time unresponsive.  The combat system is an attempted knock-off of the Arkham series, but nowhere near as fluid or entertaining.  Essentially, it is mash left mouse mash right mouse. And don't even get me started on the camera views, sometimes locked sometimes ""free"" but not really, just a mess.  Its like they wanted to take all these popular elements from other games and try to merge them into this one, only half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is about as absurd as it can get.  Sure, the premise sounds interesting... until you meet the characters.  Flat, one dimitional, and just plan dumb.I am glad I picked this up on sale, but still feel like I paid too much."
76561197993335634,Recommended,228300,15918442,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Setkon,"I won't say I'm in love, but..... oh what the hack!! LOVE IT!!At first sight I thought ""this might just be like 'Hydrophobia'. looks cool and have a great story potential""... and 'Hydrophobia' failed BIG TIME!! So Buying ' REMEMBER ME' was then with mixed feelings. But it sure didn't fail!If you buy this, you are buying a game that offers you a movie material story, great visuels, and simple jet interesting combat!  But with all games there are holes. As with most games the camera angel can be a bit frustrating, but master it by taking your time.Remember you soon!"
,Recommended,228300,28626793,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,belial231,"Short reallly cool game that brings you in the unique cyber punk world of Neo Paris. Loved the combact system and the freerunning. I also really enjoyed the story. Definitely a buy, especially  if on sale."
,Not Recommended,228300,30152018,Posted: 24 February,all,Fezys,Awkward combat.
,Recommended,228300,31192586,Posted: 16 April,all,- STyLa,Nice gameplay but kinda typical according to Batman storylines.Btw I fell inlove with her british accent tho.
,Recommended,228300,30192719,Posted: 26 February,all,weegee,"Combat system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the story and visuals are awesome. Looks norm even in 2017. Started playing in 2013, completed in 2017, lol."
,Recommended,228300,30192998,Posted: 26 February,all,craseder,"TL;DR: Remember Me is certainly worth a look for its interesting mechanics, but falls flat on its face in the story department.  If you have a gamepad, use that.It's a real shame that Dontnod had such trouble finding a publisher for Remember Me, and even more of a shame that it ended up being Capcom.  Given the success and narrative complexity of Life is Strange, I don't doubt that Dontnod had prepared a wonderful, thought-provoking narrative surrounding the central mechanic: memory alteration.Memory alteration is perhaps the most interesting mechanic in the game.  You're shown a brief memory of a defining moment in someone's life, and have to then alter it to manipulate that person in to doing what you want.  The truly interesting part is that you have the power to make the memory either better or worse depending on the variables you change.  There are achievements for the positive endings, and there's a great deal of satisfaction to be had in giving someone their happy ending.  However, in almost every case, the goal is to make your target remember something far worse than actually happened.Somewhere, buried in the heaping mess of a plot, there's a plot that questions the morality of altering someone's memory and shows a culture lost in its own past, as its denizens relive only the best memories from their past and the pasts of others.  At some point, the vision was to force the player to make thoughtful moral decisions that could potentially alter the plot of the game.  That vision was sadly left on the cutting room floor to make room for flamboyant bosses that get announced comicbook micro-villain style and a final boss who will give one opinion, just to contradict it in his very next line.The combat system is pretty neat as well, allowing you to build your own combos to maximize damage, heal yourself, or cooldown your abilities.  Abilities are varied and well thought-out (you actually have a need for all of them!).Overall, it's worth playing for the first 3 episodes or so, or however long you want to keep going to the next memory alteration, but ultimately I'm not sure if it's worth finishing.  Pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,228300,3019840,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Poly,"This game is a remarkable piece of visual art! It offers tough combats, beautiful music and a clever story. Despite the linear gameplay and a non-free environment design, I totally recommend this game, giving it my personal rating of 8.5/10"
76561197981048565,Not Recommended,228300,30316094,Posted: 4 March,all,Tenn,"I found the story uninspired, the combat annoying and the cutscenes unskippable."
76561198082547588,Recommended,228300,16563833,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,goldeos.007,gg
76561198153292198,Recommended,228300,30346077,Posted: 5 March,all,ZaeCathe,"Hey Sensen? Can you tell me what review I was gonna write for that one game? Remember Me?Obligatory pun on memoriesThis game is pretty cool. It presented an involved canon & story, while revealing a pretty cool Beat 'Em Up styled combat system. This game truely sucks you in, it is so involved and interesting, and the visuals only help to make for a better experience.Now, there is no game without its mistakes, and this gamedoeshave its kinks. When the story gets going,it gets going. The game plants you smack dab in the middle of the story where you have no clue as to what is happening. The story pieces itself together later in the game, but some things feel forced. There's a point early in the game where another character appears out of the blue, and their only purpose is to provide a tutorial and further progressONEpart of the story. And as far as I've played, theynevershow up again. The game consistantly throws a bunch of stuff at you and goes, ""make this happen,"" without much explanation at all, making some of the bosses both confusing and difficult. I'm not saying youshouldgo for the easiest difficulty on your first run, but please, for your sanity,DO NOT PLAY ON THE HARDEST DIFFICULTY ON YOUR FIRST RUN.Totally worth your money, and solid in its execution, I give it 8.3/10. Needs more things to punch."
,Recommended,228300,29259371,Posted: 14 January,all,bullpup ツ,"Really cool game with an interesting story.  Quite short, but fun!"
,Recommended,228300,29281995,Posted: 15 January,all,Gosuren,"I've just played it for 30 minutes on PC, never have played it on console. The game concept is amazing. Visual design is astounding. I'll continue playing it for sure. Never knew there is such a great game on console. 5 out of 5,"
,Recommended,228300,29283351,Posted: 15 January,all,Jim,"I played this game after enjoying DONTNOD's second game (Life is Strange), and I can see the seeds of that game in this one, for all that they are very different beasts. This one can be a little rough round the edges sometimes, and I feel like the story could have been even more interesting if the (still enjoyable) beat-em-up sequences didn't have to be wedged in.However, at base I still really enjoyed this game. Good story, interesting and novel premise (memory remixing), decent pace, fun (if not ground-breaking) mechanics. I bought it on sale, and haven't regretted doing so."
,Recommended,228300,29434362,Posted: 22 January,all,l3v1l33™,"this is a very under rated game. the world in wich it is set in is a world to remember... see what i did there. to be able to choose how you fight, your combose, how they affect you and how they help is something i have never seen before. the glitches and smoothness to this game seemlessly coexist with out failer. this game is worth picking up. even without a sale. i am a fan of remember me and recomend this game to anyone who would like hand to hand fighting with a tech world. robots, computers, lost memories and more."
,Recommended,228300,29351383,Posted: 18 January,all,trust me im like a smart person,Very good. Beautiful graphics and environment. The most beautiful environment ive seen. Very different type of gameplay. So it takes some getting used to. But better than expected.
,Recommended,228300,29387727,Posted: 20 January,all,Djaii,"I'm absolutely loving this artistically crafted game. The combat is my type of interesting, and the ability to configure combos during battle is pretty sweet (and in many cases, key to beating some pretty challening bosses). You can tell that a lot of creative energy went into this thing, and even though parts of the story are a little hard to follow it's curious and engaging. I have a few minor complaints, but they are not serious enough for me to list. Give it a look, you won't regret the visual style or rich musical score. Games can't be art you say? This one begs to differ."
,Recommended,228300,29383665,Posted: 20 January,all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),"Amazing story, combat can get a little annoying at times.Some of the riddles were hard for me to figure out, but I might just be stupid. Although I usually have an easy time with puzzles. I'm mainly thinking of the last one that had me stumped until it give me a obvious clue because I took so long. After that I manged to figure it out."
76561198045160373,Recommended,228300,29361463,Posted: 19 January,all,FearCo,Pretty good I was surprised
,Recommended,228300,29506835,Posted: 26 January,all,Tux,"+ Second best soundtrack i ever heard <3 ( first comes from alan wake )+ Perfect protagonist, i'm in love by Niilin+ Nice combos+ Good graphics+ Awesome story ( netflix need to see it, i would watch a serie or movie inspired in this universe )- Terrible controls when remix memories- U need to collect alot of items for archievments ( a waste of time )10/10 would remember again"
76561198120771635,Recommended,228300,29311636,Posted: 16 January,all,Coronadojoe,"Played it, finished it, saw its flaws which were minor at best. Story was pretty predictable imo but solid combat, solid story, and solid characters.(Incredible)"
,Recommended,228300,28229222,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"I tried my best to like this game. The visuals are nice. Seems like a great story if I could ever finish it. Even on the easiest settings (script kiddie) I kept dying. The controls were horrible. I tried with keyboard and mouse and made it nowhere. Then I tried with the steam controller and started advancing, but still struggled to move through the episodes. I could probably make it through with the controller with enough tries but I'm not finding it fun. I know I'm not a great gamer, but man this game makes me feel like I shouldn't even try! What a horribly frustrating game! I wish I could refund it!Remix:::))Finally beat it in Script Kiddie mode! You definitely need a controller ... maybe 2 of them (the more the better) to beat this game! Pretty fun game after all.On another note, I wonder how long this game took to make because in the credits there is a section titled ""Production Babies""."
,Not Recommended,228300,12084053,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Anqu,"Keep away form it, linear narrow corridors, combat system is a joke, camera is broken, rest can't make up for those flaws."
76561198030665293,Recommended,228300,32163855,Posted: 3 June,all,Scuzzlebutt,"A game with a good story and outstanding world. However it is extremely linear, which feels like a missed opportunity. Even worse, it has atrocious game mechanics. Combat is boring and tedious, and considering how much fighting you'll have to do, it is a problem. Ending every single boss fight with a QTE is also astonishingly bad. The ''parkour'' - if you can call it that - is, again, very linear and requires little to no skill; you just jump where the game tells you to ad nauseam. One of the few game mechanics that are original and fun are the memory rewrites, but they are few and far between.This game would have been better as an RPG or a point and click type, much like Dontnod's second game ''Life is Strange'' which is leaps and bounds better than this one.However, if you like a story driven game and can get this cheap, I'd still recommend a playthrough cause it does have its moments. Just play on the easiest setting to alleviate the dullness of the combat."
76561197989979493,Recommended,228300,34027081,Posted: 4 August,all,dokokoko,The game is simple. Or can feel like a letdown. But it's a beautiful looking game that holds so much potential.Like a TV show that gets cancelled before its time.Buy it and enjoy it because that's what it was made for. Never forget to Remember Me...
,Recommended,228300,5013537,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Neku121,"Worth getting, but wait for it to go down in price"
76561198013073925,Recommended,228300,27108304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChibiNico,"neo-paris , good characters ..enough saidEdit : after more time spent into the game , I can certainly say that it has been lots of fun. The only disadvantage I encountered is that the camera angles are a bit wonky sometimes. I have found nothing that's gamebreaking , though. I enjoyed the setting , the story and the music .. I hope they will make a sequel :)"
,Recommended,228300,34388625,Posted: 20 August,all,Armitage,"DEPTH AND BEAUTYIf you're a fan of deep storylines, spectacular vistas, amazing sound track and detailed character development, you'll really like this title. Incredible world design, high quality voice acting and an engaging plot really make this game stand out. There are only a few things I can say are wrong with this game, and they only minorly detract from the overall experience.BUTTON MASHYThe combat system is fairly tedious. It consists of a customisable combat system, where you choose the attacks that go into the combo, but they are still fixed to kick or punch per combo slot. Meaning there's really not that much customisation to be done, and it doesn't really feel like it has all that much impact on combat, you still click the same buttons in the same order pretty much over and over. There is a secondary system to combat, a set of special abilities that trigger special combat modes. Called s-pressen, I've only unlocked 1 so far, and it does add a little more diversity to combat, it's possible that further unlocks might do the same, but I'm not sure I can see how. One big positive I can say about the combat is it looks great, the combat animations are seemless and flow together beautifully, but the combat just feel like it's lacking something to make it as engaging as the story, and I find myself just waiting for combat to end.JUMP PUZZLESThe game (outside of the story telling) mostly consists of jumping/climbing puzzles. So far though, they're proving to be linear and unchallenging due to the overlay telegraphing where you need to go next. Most games I've played in the past that involve this kind of puzzle use subtle visuals to show where you can jump to. This game basically hand-holds you through the entire thing with bright yellow chevroned markers telling you your next move. This, to me, is one of the negative effects of this game clearly being developed primarily for the console market (this is also reflected in the controls).CONSOLE PORT (not a very good one, but are they ever?)As I stated, the game feels like a console port. Playing with a controller might be an advantage, although the mouse/keyboard controls aren't terrible. There seems to be issues with camera angles when using mouse/keyboard, they can spin out of control sometimes, or flip weirdly. I'm playing on the highest difficulty, and I feel like there's zero challenge, it's just lucky the story is so engaging.PROS & CONSPros:Deep, engaging storyline.Beautiful and rich environment that feels full of life.Brilliant character development and voice acting.Flowing combat animations.Amazing sound track.Cons:Combat is rather dull and feels overly long.Jumping/climbing puzzles are too linear, unchallenging and not subtly directed enough.Plays like a lazy console port.At times weird camera direction.No real choices, you're basically locked into a linear path and told what to do at every turn.No real challenge. I'm playing on the hardest difficulty and feel like it's still very easy.CONCLUSIONSOverall Remember me has an engaging story, looks beautiful and has great voice acting to tie it all together into a well crafted title. It's only letdowns are overshadowed greatly by it's positives. I can definitely recommend this title to those that love a good story."
,Recommended,228300,34386314,Posted: 20 August,all,Pugu,"severely underated game, would have been better with the whole mixing memory mechanic more fleshed out."
,Not Recommended,228300,34387510,Posted: 20 August,all,xTServO,"Disappointing honestly. Cons far outweigh and pros.If you like your games to be an endless series of tutorials, look no further. Every battle is prefaced with an unecessary introduction to a new ability that does nothing to add any depth to what is a very shallow and boring combat system. Ironically, the combo customization menu is needlessly confusing which is bizarre considering the combat system boils down to ""spam X and/or Y mindlessly"".This game appears to offer a lush atmosphere, but it's half realized at best. The world appears interesting enough to make you want to explore but the level design is such that you may only do so briefly and only when it tells you to (through occasional TV screens that show you a ""secret"").I don't mind linear gameplay, but I expect the shortcuts it provides devs (in terms of level design) to be made up for somewhere else... a good story perhaps. Like the overall atmosphere, this game presents the illusion of a good story but fails to deliver. To make things worse, the storytelling is so terribly disjointed that it left me confused for a long time before I realized I was just bored.I think this could have been a good game but it simply isn't. Even at $5.99 I honestly wish I hadn't bothered."
,Recommended,228300,34398322,Posted: 21 August,all,darkmetalmike,"I really do not get the negative criticism here and there ..... true, Remember Me is not a perfect game, but the ambiance is unique, the story is well writtent and interesting enough to pull you through and make you forget all about time, plus the music fits the sci fi / cyberpunk universe ..... and the fighting mechanics, although reminding much of batman arkham games, are good enough to enjoy some of the fights and master the different combos.....  the parkour are both influenced by tomb raider and mirror's edge, though less extreme than the latter, but it's ok and all the aspects of the game make it cool to play and enables to have moments to chill after a tough fight ..... so definitely, don't nod studio did a great job and it makes me think that they have the potential to do even greater games in the future ...... the only flaw I can see in remember me is the sound inexplicably shutting down sometimes and coming back seconds later for no reasons, but that's really a minor thing ...... anywway, I hope there's gonna be a sequel to this excellent game !"
,Recommended,228300,34401945,Posted: 21 August,all,Vik_king1,So far about this game:Remember is an games that came out in 2013 and offers a lots of potential.The Graphic are goodGame mechanic is good too and there are no glitch after playing the game for an hour.The story behind it is GreatSo far I would recommend this games. Which has a similar fighting style as Batman games and Assassin`s creedHere is a quick game play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWGVHYyehqY
76561198283174847,Recommended,228300,34436286,Posted: 23 August,all,CaNNNDy96,"Pros-Good story-Futuristic-Easy gameplay-Female ProtagonistCons-Repetitive and frustating combat-Way too hard to beat an boss-Has some bugs when you pick the power you want to useI would say to wait untill this game is on sale , 28 euro isn't worth for this game ."
,Recommended,228300,34436188,Posted: 23 August,all,GrizzlyMg,"Just played it for 1 hour, and started to love it, the story and gameplay is so good"
,Not Recommended,228300,34435562,Posted: 23 August,all,Greg22073,"Pro:-Interesting story-Beautiful level designContra:-Bug Hell-More Linear than COD-Extremely simple, unchallanging combat-Boss fights are more boring than the normal ones-Half way through the game, the level design gets boring and repeatedly the same-Horrible voice acting-After the first half you just play to finish itThe Game is not recommendable. The only reason to play it is the Story, but the progress through it is very slow because the game decides that it doesn't want you to finish the fight and the music just keeps on going and you're locked in the arena even though all enemys are dead, so you have to play the level over and over again, hoping that the game lets you finish the fight this time. Sometimes the game even thinks that its unfair to let you use kombo attacks and just aborts them. <This Game has a really good story, but the Bugs just make the game unplayable. Get it on Sale for something like 5$ but dont pay more, its absolutely not worth it."
76561198118305680,Not Recommended,228300,34440682,Posted: 23 August,all,s.bucher2,Clumsy...clumsy gameplay...clumsy story.Did not want to finish the game
,Recommended,228300,34328238,Posted: 18 August,all,Shady,"It's very bad that we won't see another Remember Me game, really good game, buy it if you like Sci-Fi, CyberPunk genre"
,Recommended,228300,34352781,Posted: 19 August,all,Grismar,"With elements of games like Mirror's Edge, Oni and Assassin's Creed, Remember Me still introduces enough original game elements and ideas to be worthwhile. But all three of those games do a few things really well, which make them classics. I can see why Remember Me didn't do as well, since it also has some serious flaws.Nothing that gets in the way of basic gameplay or finishing the game (which took me about 12 hours on the medium setting, with an 85% completion (so, that a lot of the collectibles and plenty experimentation in the memory remixes). But the combat gets a bit dull and is effectively too easy once you figure it out. A combat system similar to the Arkham series or Shadow of Mordor, but it lacks the depth and variety of those and the upgrades you unlock don't really change the game. It's nice that 'crafting' new combos can really help out in some battles, but it never feels really satisfying.Visually, it's engaging, although the levels feel a bit small at times and the layout and maps not very realistic. The camera can get a bit annoying at times, but on the whole it behaves well enough. The decor is nicely done and it certainly has its own flavour. Given that you'll only spend about 10-15 hours in it, it's more than enough.The playtime is a bit of an issue though. For a campaign, 12 hours isn't very long. It's fine, but even a game like Mirror's Edge then offers a lot of replay values with challenges, score boards and speed runs. The Arkham series did with a very extensive challenge system as well and offers an open world with insane amounts of collectibles. Remember Me doesn't offer all that much beyond the basic game.Al that's fine, but I would recommend buying it when it's one sale. Remember Me had the potential to be great, but it's writing, overall value and gameplay design flaws make me a bit sad for what it could have been. Still recommended."
76561198164490918,Recommended,228300,34452586,Posted: 23 August,all,dasted08,"Remember me is a good game, but falls short of being a great game for a number of reasons. To its credit it has a great story, full of moral ambiguity, internal conflict, and a plot twist here and there. Combat is fun, as you'd expect from the ""Arkham-like"" mechanics, and allows you to repurpose combos to emphasize damage, healing, cooldown, or cloning any of the previous effects. There are memory remixing segments that allow you to alter details of someone's memory to change the outcome, which are fun, if not a bit combersome.There are some disappointments, though. There are quite a few unskipable cutscenes in every level, so even if you're on a second playthrough to finish collecting or whathaveyou, you'll still  have to sit through the whole story which, for me killed replayability. Climbing and platforming can be fun, but rarely offers more than one path. Also its pretty short, bout 10h. Still fun though, no regrets."
,Recommended,228300,34569399,Posted: 28 August,all,Pigsflew,"Fascinating game. Combat is definitely my least favorite part of it, as it's got some neat frills but ultimately feels awkward and doesn't add enough to the game for the annoyance. However, the core mechanics of snatching and remixing memories to get what you want is *very* compelling. I love that the fact that your own memories have been tampered with *before the game starts*, and you *know* this, sets the entire story on top of this world that feels cohesive, but maybe you're being lied to, and how would you ever know?Highly recommended."
,Recommended,228300,34560460,Posted: 28 August,all,thatguyontv,"Really great game! A bit lacking in gameplay, but the mechanics are well-thought out and the story is amazing!"
,Recommended,228300,34557080,Posted: 28 August,all,[ _____ ],The idea behind this game is incredibly cool. Although I've run into a few gamebreakers the game has been extremely fun give or take a few escape scenes. The combo builder was a mechanic I thought was really cool to mess with and the Memory Remix were astonishingly cool. All around a cool game.9/10
76561198413020571,Recommended,228300,34588576,Posted: 29 August,all,vgclashwithbell,"very good game.I liked so much the story,it has a clever plot. the design is also unique and seriously i recommed in every person too ply this game.the only thing that i have to complain is that it was annoying to kill the enemies,i didnt like these small alien xD but ok otherwise its excellent game. Congratulations!"
,Recommended,228300,34620310,Posted: 30 August,all,snowyowl,The story was intriguing and new from any other game I've played.
,Recommended,228300,34623734,Posted: 30 August,all,a dumb egg,"Honestly a really good game I recommend! The gameplay is fantastic and the story is extremely unique. For a game being made in 2013 the scenery and graphics can be stunning at some points. The only downfall is the game has some trouble when it comes to computer gameplay -- it would most likely be better when using a comtroller rather than a mouse and keyboard (like I did). Other than that, I say this game deserves to be played."
76561198321753468,Recommended,228300,34722785,Posted: 3 September,all,Sonahx,"I don't understand why this game is getting so much hate, i didn't expect it to be a good game after the comments i read about it,Actually the ending is really unexpected, the storyline is unique, but it broke my heart </3The combat system is actually fine, you just need to get used to it?But what i hate about it is that i can't move freely, jump wherever i want, only the places marked with the orange arrows are what you are allowed to go for, unlike ""mirror's edge"" where you have many ways you can use in order to reach where you want. Also the guidance system is kinda poor, i do spend sometime looking for these small orange arrows so i can find my way.The worst thing in this game is that if i want to replay an episode I'm going to lose all my progress in the next episodes, i would really appriciate it if you were to fix this and allow us to go to the past episodes in order to collect the missings items and the achivements.Overall the game is really good and i reccomend it <3"
,Recommended,228300,34731926,Posted: 4 September,all,einarbd95,"I really enjoyed this game. The story is engageing and keeps it self interesting throughout the about 9 hours of playtime the game gives you. Even though this game is getting a bit old it still looks amazing. It has a very cool look to it and it makes walking along the small areas and streets quite enjoyable. Playing a female protagonist is, as allways, a welcome change of pace. She is funny and sceptic, but also determined. So character and story wise this game absolutely holds up.Now for the fighting. The fighting is very similar to the batmangames, but it is way more dependent on combos. The combos get get long and very powerfull, but getting interupted is unfortunately quite common. You can dodge away from it, but it is quite anal about how that needs to be done. You need to dodge the guy you are hitting or else you break the combo. But I guess that makes it harder to finish a combo and by doing that it makes it a bit more rewarding. The variety in enemies is nice and keeps you on your toes. You will have to change up the combinations in your combos and use different special abilities for different enemies. It is fun, but the freedom makes it quite easy to survive if you collect some of the collectables on the way. So if you would like it to be a bit challenging I highly suggest picking the hardest difficulty.All in all a game I would recommend that you play if you can get it on a sale. It is a pleasurable 9 hours!"
76561197972486424,Recommended,228300,34734281,Posted: 4 September,all,ps,"Brilliant, but with one flaw...RM is a brilliant game with crisp story, beautiful graphics and intinutive controls.however, the flaw lies in a bug- towards the end of level 7, after the double mourner fight, there is a glitch causing the game to be impassable. please fix this ASAP."
,Recommended,228300,34713333,Posted: 3 September,all,z,8/10 COOL♥♥♥♥♥♥ SUCH AMAZING STORY.
,Not Recommended,228300,26642195,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Neuchersky,"As one of the first game of DONTNOD Entertainment, I could say they did a great job. They really improved on Life is Strange. And honestly, I just bought this game since it have the same developer as Life is Strange and waited for it to go on sale.Pros:Graphics- it is really, really good. I really love the world and the atmosphere of the game. It is perfect for dystopian or cyberpunk fans.OVERLOAD- The pressens and S-pressens are awesome.Cons:Items and Jumps- Not all are interactive. You could only climb or jump at a specific place. Sometimes the distance doesn't matter when taking a jump.Camera-  It is really annoying. Especially, when you are fighting enemies, it will change angle, and instead of dodging the other way, your view was either blocked by the enemy or you are will ""dodge"" towards your enemy, receiving their attacks.Messy Plot-Due to your amnesia you do not know anyone. And everyone is connected to you! Suprise![/b]Remixes- there are only four in this game, and it is mostly focused on parkour. The title should be MEM0R1ZE.Final Battle-it is absolutely unnessary and the easiest boss battle, next to the AO's Electrocutioner. It is better if your remixer was used."
76561197995022990,Recommended,228300,34713890,Posted: 3 September,all,Kerano32,"Wonderful story line, very fun game to play"
,Recommended,228300,34725399,Posted: 3 September,all,Alvykun,Really great game with a very interesting science fiction history!Recomended for since fiction lovers.
,Recommended,228300,22446938,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Fern27,"Nilin, memory DJ"
,Recommended,228300,34869656,Posted: 10 September,all,Megajunn,"This game is GOOD, but it has some massive performance issues. Overally I loved the game when it came out in 2013 (back then I piratated it and it WORKED like a sharm). So after all these years for a good old memory I desided to buy this game via steam as the story is good and it's beautiful. The controls were bad back then (and they still are), but I can say that I loved that game.But now when I'm finished the game 100% I have to point out the issue what should be fixed. My rig has overclocked 6 core i7, 32gb ram and 1080ti. I'm using wi10 and it has latest drivers. Also I did everything I managed to find in forums to fix it. But nothing saved me from this: long story short - it dosen't matter if I run it on hd, FUllHD or in 4K, on low or on ultra. Basically running this game on fullhd(ultra) i get like 300+ fps, BUT it will drop under 24fps in matter of 10 minutes or so. I don't know what causes it, but it's really annoying. This game looks super in 4K (I got like 90+ fps), but after 10 minutes - the stuff happens and I need to restart the game to fix the lag issue. So FIX IT developers.EDIT - the lag issues was caused by Windows 10 memory leacking issues. Oh the irony."
,Recommended,228300,6410777,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Soul Resonance,A futuristic version of Assassin Creed mixed with the ever popular Parkour...This game is visually beautiful and worth playing if you have the chance
,Not Recommended,228300,34846431,Posted: 9 September,all,themidnightjester,Wonderful idea. Terrific story. Interesting game-play. Bad port from using game-pad makes it unplayable. Sad. Avoid.
76561198030009863,Recommended,228300,3971960,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,hybrd_z,"I'd have to say that this game was graphically amazing. It has a storyline that you can play many times over and not get sick of although sadly quite linear without much exploration. As a player, I came to grow attached to the protagonist Nilin and her adventure to recover her lost memories and find out who she really is. Overall, I'd give this game a 8/10Hoping for a sequel if it will ever come."
76561198079087244,Recommended,228300,35332375,Posted: 30 September,all,SamOhYesss,"A good story with weak gameplay mechanics, especially combat system. Still a great buy during sale!"
