user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,228400,9198116,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Empyrrean,"In order to enjoy this game, you need to go in with an open mind and forget everything you know about Ace Combat. This is not an Ace Combat game. It's more like Call of Duty: Jet Fighter Edition. The story is pretty flat and is your typical 'Murrica vs terrorists plot. Also, make sure you turn off Flight Assist and change the control scheme to Original for the best experience.Most people complain about DFM (Dogfight Mode) being too on-rails, and for the most part, they're right. There are some targets (called TGT_LEAD) that require you to engage DFM and follow them through a semi-scripted segment of cinematic explosions and debris before you can do any damage to them. I don't care for this feature myself, but it's not a big deal and it's fun to watch. For normal targets though, it's much more dynamic, as you can play a game of cat and mouse by counter maneuvering each other in DFM, or you can choose to not use DFM at all. Personally, I think that DFM, while a tad repetitive, is quite exhilarating. The helicopter and gunner missions are pretty grueling and last longer than they should, but fortunately there's only a few of them. They can be fun and intense at times though, especially on higher difficulties.The multiplayer is where this game really shines, and now that the game is going on Steamworks, we should hopefully see more players. Capital Conquest is incredibly fun, and you can be a fighter, an attacker, or a helicopter and defend your HQ while capturing additional bases to spawn closer to the enemy's HQ. The aircraft are balanced so that fighters don't do much damage to ground targets, while attackers have an insane damage modifier against them, with the downside of being unable to engage DFM. Once your team captures the central control tower, you can go into ASM (Airstrike Mode) against the enemy's HQ as an attacker or multirole. You can attack the HQ directly without ASM but it's not as efficient, since ASM increases your reload speed. Helicopters are excellent for HQ defense since they can hover and shoot down incoming attackers. If you get 8 kills in a row, you can load up your PAK-FA with Trinity (tactical nuke) and decimate a wide area of ground targets. When your HQ's health bar gets low, someone on your team can make a desperate last ditch effort by launching in a B1 or B2 bomber and deal a large amount of damage to the enemy's HQ, but you better provide cover for him on his way there. There are tons of skills to unlock with points you earn from multiplayer, which include weapon damage boosts, improved homing missiles, increased armor, and improved maneuverability. All the skills are pretty balanced and none are too overpowered (except maybe Burst which maxes out defense, but it costs a lot of points and has a limited amount of uses).If you're thinking about getting this game, get it for the multiplayer, You can play multiple roles other than a fighter, and the dogfighting is more fun and less predictable since you won't be spending the whole round circling each other which ends up happening in most other multiplayer jet games."
,Not Recommended,228400,15091896,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ThatWelshIdiot,"Oh, Ace Combat, why did you have to do this to me?I'm a big fan of the series, it's always been a blast to play, and yes there were low times, but never so much as this. Now, i'm not saying that the game is 100% terrible, it DOES have it's pros, but it has many more cons. I'll list them below;Pros:-The plane flight mechanics feel tight and responsive, sure they're not realistic, but we're not playing Ace Combat for realism, are we? We're playing it for the fun of doing crazy air stunts and gunning down people along the way.-The sound design is nothing spectacular, but it does it's job. The guns and the music are serviceable. Now, the old Ace Combats had some great soundtracks with some spectacularly memorable pieces. DO NOT expect those here. But, at the same time, it's not terrible.- The planes, while not being the highest texture quality you've ever seen, are pretty damn sexy. As are some of the spark and explosion effects, it does feel good to gun down planes out of the sky and watch them burst into flames.Cons:- The dogfighting system. Now, this one just relies on how you feel about the system. The dogfighting system allows you to lock onto an enemy and kep on their tail while firing at them. Alternatively, enemies can also do this to you. It does allow for some pretty cinematic chases, but ultimately after about three times it's already gotten old. What it actually boils down to is this: Lock onto the enemy. Wiggle stick a bit. Fire. Move on. Find new target. Lock onto new target. Wiggle stick a bit. Fire. Move on.It makes the game just a million times easier and means that instead of having these amazing dogfights where you're doing all these crazy stunt mid air, it just means that you see an enemy...and now he's dead.Most of the time.In order to combat you doing this, the game suffers from the same artificial diffficulty that a lot of plane games suffer from, whereby your target will just perpetually fly away from you. Get an enemy into your line of sight, and all of a sudden they pull up. And up. And up. And then you pull up. And up. And up. And now you're just spinning a hundred times before you can lock him into your dogfighting system. No skill needed.The next thing that annoys me is that the enemies can also lock YOU into the DFS (dog fighting system). It seems like a good idea, having to escape them, but it just boils down to doing exactly what the enemies do to you! You're chasing someone for aaaages and then BAM you're taken right out of it, so what do you do? Pull up until you escape. Now you can continue to chase NOPE YOU'RE BACK IN IT WHOOAAA CRAZY RIGHT? PULL UP PULL UP okay we're free again, now to finally chase that NOOOOOOOPE I'M BACK ♥♥♥♥♥ES.-The helicopter missions. They're awful. You fly around a horribly controlled helicopter, gunning down floor enemies and the occasional helicopter. That's it. The heliocopter controls terribly, as i've mentioned, and the whole missions are just uninspired. Use these boring weapons and this boring helicopter and shoot some cars. Woo. Do that multiple times throughout the game.-The turret sequences. OH? WHAT'S THAT? YOU DIDN'T LIKE THE HELICOPTER SEQUENCES? ALRIGHT WELL TELL YA WHAT, HOW ABOUT WE TAKE OUT THE WHOLE FLYING THE HELICOPTER THING AND JUST GIVE YOU A GODDAMN TURRET? Yeah, thanks developers. There's literally whole missions where you load in, and shoot a turret for about 20 minutes at some foot soldiers, and then move on. No variety, no challenge, no interest, nothing. Just point at people and click. You don't even get to move around on your own. Just point and click. Oh you wanna do something else? NOPE. POINT AND CLICK.-The voice acting. It's awful. There's not much to say except that everyone is just Mr Generic McGenericson or Mrs Genericson and her Generic babies. Maybe it's not even that bad, but seriously it's so generic that I think it dulled my senses.-The story. Spoilers, i guess, but hoestly just read any Tom Clancy novel and you've heard this story.  While the game is voiced by Mr Generic Genericson, the story was written by his superhero alter ego; JERRY GENERICMAN! American hero. He's the hero we need. Other people. They're the heroes we need. Terrorists have a bad plot to blow up some people! Quick; call America! Oh no, a Generic non-american bad guy who wants to do bad stuff. WE STOPPED HIM JUST IN TIME. BUT WILL YOU MAKE IT BACK IN ONE PIECE? Yes. Roll credits.-The AC130 missions. Just fancier disguised turret sections.Overall this game was a huge disappointment. Are you a huge fan of the series and you're just ACHING for more? Sure, pick it up on sale and just slog your way through it. Only have a slight interest? Just don't buy it. There are plenty of other plane games that you could get that are ultimately better."
,Not Recommended,228400,12645279,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,EvilChaosKnight,"Not the Ace Combat I remember from my good old Playstation days unfortunately. Good game? Maybe.Pros:+ Nice picture+ Not a bad soundtrack+ New game modes (bomber, heli)+ Has quite a few arcade elements from the previous games+ General idea of the ""chase"" is neat butCons:- Forcing people to use ""chase"" mode against VIP targets is just a big NO- Durability of said VIPs is ridiculous- Gameplay in general feels boring somehow. Didn't happen for the AC games I've seen before.- CoD-style missions on the transp. heli minigun- Nanites-covered aircraft which can fix up themselves during the flight given a bit of time. Only works for players.- Barrel roll on the attack helicopters- Unlike previous AC games this one is set on real life Earth which brings politics into play =/- Story and characters just don't make you feel for them. Or even remember them.As the game itself it's quite alright by the standards of modern gaming. But as AC game this one seems to fall flat on its face. As someone said this game is what happens when Michael Bay tries to make a flight sim.Feel free to try it during the sales time. It might appeal to you but I can't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,228400,9493375,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"As a long time fan of the Ace Combat series this game was a major disappointment. The new ""Dog fight mode"" looks cool for the first few times you use it but then you realise that all control is being taken away from you and that the dog fights are actually highly scripted. You'll activate dog fight mode and while you're chasing an enemy plane the game will make you fly through explosions and under collapsing buildings, it looks great but it's more like watching a cutscene than actual gameplay.For some reason Namco also decided to scrap the science fiction elements found in the older games so there are now no awesome boss fights against gigantic flying fortresses and the plot and cutscenes feel like they're ripped straight from a generic modern warfare shooter. The helicopter levels are terrible too and have awful controls.There's even a boss fight where you can't kill the boss untill the game decides you can, you'll shoot him a thousand times and it won't make a bit of difference because he only dies during a cutscene. That is some silly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Pick it up on the cheap or better yet, if you have a Playstation 2 or an older PS3 get Ace Combat 4, 5 and Ace Combat: The Belken War, they're awesome and very cheap. Or emulate them.4/10."
,Recommended,228400,19273999,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,NathanX42,"Let's get one thing straight.I have almost over 4,000 hours and 10,000+ sorties on this game on all 3 platforms combined.I know what I am talking about, thanks.This game's on sale right now as of Thanksgiving 2015, and I hope you'll read this review and take it to heart.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is Assault Horizon, NOT an Ace Combat game.This is 60 FPS Arcade Aerial Combat at its finest.Assault Horizon is a very under-rated videogame that was shunned by it's Ace Combat fanbase, worth it solely for the multiplayer experience.This was an experiment by Project Aces to solve the QAAM Spam from Ace Combat 6's Multiplayer.The game is niche, and Ace Combat players hate it for the DFM mechanic. I don't fault the Ace Combat players in that anything hurting their precious singleplayer experience is to be hated on immediately, but I can't blame them because DFM is so forced in the game that it hurts the overall feel of the game, but all you need is 1 playthrough. 3 max if you're 100%ing the game.If you're new to the game you'll see that the DFM mechanic is very forced in singleplayer, this is to prepare you for the main bread and butter of the game; Multiplayer. It's what Assault Horizon was built around, and it's a fine tuned experience.Unfortunately Multiplayer is deadish, only very few hardcore dedicated fans stick around, and the community is very small bringing in under 150ish aces platform wide, with about 15 of them being top tier, and about 5 out of that tier being active.I'd aliken AH to Quake in that skilled players online will dance circles around newbies, nobody wants to play when your only opponent is a guy that can beat you blindfolded, right? It's a game that's rewarding to master, and it shows.If you're looking to achievement hunt this game, get it and download a 100% save, then flesh out your achievements.If you're looking to buy this and play singleplayer hoping for JETS and AWESOMENESS, then pass it up. You'd be better watching a Youtube Let's play of it. Trust me, you're not losing much by missing out.If you want to play a 60 FPS arcade jetfighter game with some hard-core veterans, then download it and pop me a friend request. I'd be more than happy to play with you."
,Not Recommended,228400,18231257,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Davis,"If you never played Ace Combat before, you may like this game. Fans like me of the other games will pretty much be dissapointed in it. Both parties however will find the DFM or Dog Fight Mode novel at first, but after a while its extremely repettative and sometimes just broken, and the sad part is you need to use DFM on some planes so the fly by sequence can run its course to progress in the mission, these planes are basically invincible unless you use DFM.Some cool fictional planes make a reapearence as bonus content like the CFA-44 Nosveratu from Ace Combat Six, but the special missiles are sadly nerfed, and somewhat useless in DFM.Pros:-Better diologue then previous cheesy anime inspired diologue,-The B-2 Bomber mission is pretty cool.-Game gives you the ability to customize the color of your fighter.-Previous games planes when shot down would just fall to the earth, now they expload and fall appart with oil and shrapnel and bits going every which way.Cons:-Broken and repetative Dog Fight Mode which is pretty much forced on you.-Attack Helicopter Missions are clumsy, and theres a sad lack of gunships to unlock and choose from.-Helicopter Gunner missions are extremely irritating, luckily there is only two of them. (then why bother have them in there at all)-C-130 mission is just in there for the hell of it.-Game is pretty short, even on Ace Mode.-Cinamatic Swquences are intrusive and annoying.-The first half of the game has little replay value because of tutorial popups which cant be turned off.-Multiplayer could be good if there were more players (not really the developers fault, but still an unfortunet fact.)TL/DR: Mediocre Ace Combat experince, give us a PC port of Ace Combat 6 or Infinity instead please..."
,Not Recommended,228400,9723118,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,-NB-Mbaya,"☺ Varied Missions.☺ Good Controls.☹ Lacklustre Story.☹ Dull plane vs plane combat.(NOTE: This game was played with an XBox controller and only takes into consideration the Single Player portion of the game).Ace Combat Assault Horizon is an interesting attempt at making a more accessible Aerial Combat game, which, not helped by a lacklustre story, fails to get the blood pumping or really manages to keep you engaged. It's a very arcadey approach to the genre that often feels like its a compilation of the variety missions that appear in modern military shooter games, rather than its own game.The mission variety is very good, from dogfighting over cities in a selection of modern fighter jets and weaving an Apache Helicopter between buildings to providing air support from an AC-130 Spectre Gunship or a series of late night bombing runs; what's on offer is varied and has a nice pace to it, changing things up so you don't tire of the same thing again and again.The biggest let-down for me and my main reason for purchasing the game originally is the Dogfighting. Ace Combat Assault Horizon introduces a feature known as DFM, which is clearly an attempt to keep engagements fast and thrilling. The problem is, in most cases it feels like you've been strapped into a rollercoaster and been given some bread rolls to throw at the head of the person in the seat in front of you when ever you line up. Enemy planes can absorb a large amount of bullets and apart from a few non-essential targets, will quite happily shrug off direct missile hits - it just seems to lack impact or enough fidelity to get the blood pumping and tends to feel like you're chipping away at a health bar until the target explodes. This is made slightly worse if you decide to replay a mission and notice some essential targets are heavily scripted and fly the same paths along specific set pieces.The visuals do a good job although are nothing special, vehicles are decent, explosions look good, smoke trails don't look out of place and the quantity of modelled buildings rather than just a ground texture is nice to see.I played with an XBox Controller and the controls never caused frustration, the game certainly lends itself more to the arcadey approach than a Simulation.All in all, the mission variety on offer doesn't make up for the run of the mill story and disappointing combat. The games singleplayer clocks in at around seven hours with the ability to replay missions and I personally didn't experience the multiplayer, although I imagine with the removal of Games for Windows Live (Ace Combat Assault Horizon - Enhanced Edition now requires Steam only!) more people will be willing to give it a try.It's not a bad game and is indeed, well made - they just should have waited for a clear lock before firing this one off."
76561198045147690,Recommended,228400,32377996,Posted: 12 June,all,[ONS]Emanouche,"(I also owned this Xbox360 originally) As an Ace Combat fan since AC 4 on PS2, this one is the worse in the series. So why am I recommending it? Well, it is still a fun game, when you get past the idea that this is not a true AC game. DFM (Dog Fight Mode) ruins the gameplay, it's a gimmick introduced to the game to help casual players to stay on enemies tails and makes the game look more cinematic... it kind of introduces cool cutscenes mixed with gameplay which are half the time scripted pursuits... which means you will shoot an enemy a ton, but they will not die until the game decides it's time for the ennemy to die. Also some enemies cannot be taken down unless you use this annoying feature. This is at it's worse at the last dog fight in the game where you keep pursuing this one ennemy and shoot him like 60 times but he keeps on kicking. Bosses are usually tougher in every Ace Combat games, but it breaks the immersion when you shoot the ennemy to hell, and he seems to heal almost as soon as you shot him, only to go down when the game script says ""okay, we are in the location we want you to be so now the enemy can die""... it's a bullcarp frustrating fight. Speaking of healing... this game is clearly aimed at the casual crowd, as your plane heals itself as if it was freaking Call of Doody. Actually Ace Combat Horizon is what I consider the call of Doody of ace combat games. I still had my share of fun, but this campaign is super short compared to other games in the franchise. I played a tiny bit of the multiplayer On Xbox 360, and was frustrated to see they carried that DFM feature into multiplayer, I cannot wait to play AC 7 where I am sure they are removing this feature to play with players with actual dog fighting skills. In conclusion, a very short 4-6 hour campaign which still have some fun value, the multiplayer is pretty much dead, and a little something to pick up at a sale for 5$ if you feel bored or want to scratch that flyer's itch... though it will be a very light scratch."
,Not Recommended,228400,22460865,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Blind Side,"I've always been a HUGE Ace Combat fan. to this day, I hold that Ace Combat 5: The Unsung War is one of the best games I have ever played. But this.... wow. It was alarmingly clear that they looked towards Call of Duty for inspiration. let me explain.in every previous game, the story took place in a fictional world. on top of that, the protaganist was always the silent type and was never truly identified or shown, allowing you to more easily insert yourself into the story and get immersed.in this game, you play as American McCheeseburger who's been dreaming of his own death over the skies of miami. as you can imagine and predict, that's a spoiler for a portion of the last mission. to make everything worse, the entire game is PAINFULLY predictable, playing into the ""surprise! Russians are evil! SO ORIGINAL"" trope. The story involves every single war cliche you can think of. Russians are evil, you're a war veteran, the woman suddenly loves you at the end for some reason, your wingman takes a missile for you, the Russians have WMDs and attack D.C. with them, etc. it's so poorly thought through that it was truly difficult to care in the slightest about any of it.Most of the gameplay isn't... horrible, I guess? the DFM takes away 90% of the control you're given and they force it on you throughout the game. the entirety of the end of game is so horrifically scripted, but the dogfights between are fun and true to the original games. (assuming you never use DFM that is) my main complaint is that they simulate difficulty by having the AI straight up cheat. they can pull manuevers insanely faster than you ever can, they have unlimited flares with no cooldown for them, they can straight up ignore your cannon making them impossible to damage until the game says they can be.but the cardinal sin of it all is that they introduced regenerating health for your aircraft. this was never in any of the previous games. not having it forced you to return to base and think about what you're doing more carefully. in this, you can just avoid damage until your plane suddenly decides it's not broken anymore.At the end of it: Go play Ace Combat 5. you will VERY quickly see why the Ace Combat communtity shuns this game."
,Not Recommended,228400,34939694,Posted: 13 September,all,sostrich,"Ace Combat in name only, and a master's course in anti-fun design.Ace Combat is a series known for it's excellent gameplay, epic plots, beautiful vistas, and freedom of movement;  this game throws all of that out the window in a failed attempt to court the Call of Duty audience.  The well established world and nations of Strangereal are replaced with a generic Russia vs. America plot that feels lifted right from Call of Duty, the beautful visuals and art direction have been replaced by sand, run through a brown-filter, and are now subject to constant shakey cam.The most aggregious change to the formula is the highly scripted missions.  In previous games you were free to move around the map and prioritize targets as you saw fit.  In Assault Horizon, you are given brief tastes of this freedom, only to have it constantly taken away as the game forces you into mandatory quicktime events called ""dogfight mode"".   The only way to engage the majority of targets, or to escape from enemy persuit, is to complete these quicktime events; and in doing so it strips away everything that made Ace Combat so special.Shame they decided to port this turd to PC rather than 4, 5, Zero or 6; hell, even the PSP and 3DS games would have been better titles to bring to Steam."
,Not Recommended,228400,16003868,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Raz,"The series has really gone off course with this one...Pros* Bombing is neatCons* Ridiculous anime skins for the planes* 4-5 hrs play to completion* Simple, cheesy, predictable plot* Planes practically fly themselves* Almost every takedown must be done through a straight-up junk dogfight mechanic where the only control you have is how close to the opponent you are and lining up your reticle* Dogfighting flight is extremely erratic, almost to the point of motion sickness...* Opponents with the red TGT tag, 9/10 have to be shot down with the gun in dogfight as they have infinite flares* Plane heals itself in flight, no more RTB* All planes fly very similar to each other within their category, bombers fly the same, fighters fly the same with the exception of the a-10 which feels very heavy (kudos) unless you are turning and braking, then it does a bat turn and whips on around* Apache missions are the same, same heli, go here kill things, then go here kill things, shoot down heli, then go across map to kill some things* Not a as wide variety of planes as previous versions* Multiplayer is crap, its a constant dogfight with other peopleThe cons are pretty much endlessAll in all, don't waste your time or money on this game. It wasn't worth the $60 when I got it and its not worth the $20 now. If you must spend your money on this series, at least get a game that will be worth it such as ace combat 4 or 5. I would recommend 'Ace Combat 5: The Unsung War'For what its worth,Raz"
,Not Recommended,228400,7834282,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DeeFunct,"I was a big fan of the original series of games on the Playstation and jumped at the chance to grab this when it was on offer. Big mistake. It bears little resemblance to the originals, the dogfight mode is utter garbage and takes away any skill required to try and gun enemy aces down. The helicopter mode is a joke, the control system for it is terribly thought out and trying to adjust the controls through the menu makes little difference.I cannot comment on the story as I have been deterred by the awful gameplay from playing through, but the cutscenes and dialogue are pretty impressive. I can't help but think that if they had spent less time polishing the cinematics and more time focusing on the game, it would've been less of a travesty.The series takes a nose dive here. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,228400,13482786,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,AlphaTwo3,"This is not like the original ace combat, your missles will never work against AI and your gun is the primary weapon that is useless unless you use the shooter on rails functionality. DO NOT BUY if youre a fan of the original Ace Combat series on PS2."
76561198047346239,Not Recommended,228400,9773759,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Vandal,"""Dog Fight Mode"" completely destroys the spirit of this game. This game is injected with all the bad parts of Call of Duty. Look somewhere else to fulfill your Ace Combat nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,228400,16249100,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Anomalous Qualia,"If you enjoyed the previous Ace Combat titles, you may not like this one. For me, there are way too many on-rails gameplay forced on you - especially Dogfight Mode (DFM). Essentially you follow the tail of an enemy jet doing crazy unrealistic maneuvers but you don't even have to control anything except fire missiles and guns. Well you do have to control turning the aircraft a little bit (BUT most of aircraft flying control is automated in DFM).  In fact, certain required targets, those marked TGT_LEAD, can only be destroyed by initiating the on-rails experience of DFM. They tried to make this game too cinematic like Call of Duty and the DFM is very cinematic but repetitive.I liked how they added helicopter Apache missions, a bomber (B-2 Spirit or B-1 Lancer) mission, a AC-130 gunner mission and transport heli gunner missions. However, there were not enough jet missions and jet mission variety (especially when compared to older Ace Combat games).Never played multiplayer because it is dead and found zero online games to join (on a Sunday afternoon) . I didn't bother trying the online Co-op.Air Strike Mode (ASM) is at times required throughout the game, and it's kind of like on-rails bombing gameplay. Fortunately it's only forced on you a few times and most of the time it's optional. It's not overly done so it doesn't feel repetitive.All in all, they added many new features to this game, but I think most of them made the game worse."
76561198006714408,Not Recommended,228400,32419333,Posted: 14 June,all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Of all the Ace Combat games that could be ported to PC, they chose the worst one out of the bunch. Do not play this game."
,Recommended,228400,24390356,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Utage,"I generally avoid games with mixed reviews but in this case I'm glad I didn't, the game is nowhere near as bad as the reviews led me to believe.I went into this completely blind with no expectations, I played on normal difficulty using a controller. The campaign lasted me about 10-11 hours and I haven't tried Free Mode or Multiplayer yet. I don't like writing long reviews so I'll sum things up:Unlike previous Ace Combat games, Assault Horizon takes place in the real world and features a fairly large variety of missions putting you in different roles, ranging from a door gunner, to a helicopter pilot among others. (I HIGHLY recommend using first person view while using the helicopter). My only major gripe with the game however is Dog Fight Mode, it's actually not too bad most of the time, but the game forces you into using it on tgt_lead enemies to execute scripted events, you can't kill these enemies without DFM. All other enemies can be killed without it however.+Large mission variety+Many different aircraft to choose from, including a nice selection of paint schemes and missile types+Game looks great visually, lots of different environments- Scripted/forced DFM events- Story is fairly uninteresting"
,Not Recommended,228400,29407149,Posted: 21 January,all,Pixy,"You know this was the first Ace Combat written by western people when the plot has no sense, its the most patriotic thing ever done in a videogame, based on the real world (not on Strangereal) and the second mission is a motherfugging TURRET SECTIONTo add to the injury the DFM is overused and it seems that they forgot to add the ""homing"" to the missiles.Overall its fun yet repetive, great visuals and the OST its okayish but the cons outweight the pros by a landslide.Not recommended for full price, consider this game a spinoff of the main seriesTurretsection/10"
76561198003423287,Not Recommended,228400,32345961,Posted: 11 June,all,Pompafric,"The DFM dog fight mode did ruin the game for me so no I do not recommend this game.  For those who played the previous games of the series, don't expect the same good old feeling of dogfighting because this game lost it all."
76561198064313200,Not Recommended,228400,12473784,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AlexH,"As a person that has played all the ace combat games i find this game a big let down,the story is very uninspired all the characters are plain and boring. Dog fight mode is forced down your throat, most enemys in the game can only be taken down in it some of them is even scripted were you unload hundreds of bullets and missiles in to a bullet spunge air craft till its over. one other thing for some strange reason they decided not to show you what the Jets look like when you go to choose before a story mode mission with is diffrent from all previous ace combat games."
,Recommended,228400,20337235,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sonozaki,"Hard to recommend but I like the game and enjoy playing it!Well after 4 hours I think that I am able to write a review. The story is about some bad guys who want to blew up the world and you have to stop them... but you do  not play games like these for an 'amazing' story right?You play it to blew things up... and by that I mean a lot of things! The best thing about that.. it is pretty fun!The game controlls are at the beginning a little bit clunky, but after a while you getting used to it and after setting things up in the input-config file to enable the mouse support things aren't that bad.(You should also create a 'NAMCO' Folder inside your documents, otherwise the game won't save any settings!)Flying and fighting in a plane makes a lot of fun and it is pretty hard to fail. While blewing things up the soundtrack keeps pushing you so motivation shouldn't be a problem.Edit: The helicopter missions are annoying but there are luckily there aren't much of them & Missions are take a little bit too much time..The graphics are for a PC Port. pretty good. (No eye-candy but therefore exist other games right?)I recommend to get this game during a sale for 5€ or 5$ or whatever currency you are using.Review may change in details while I continue the game."
,Not Recommended,228400,34957688,Posted: 14 September,all,ATRAX1709,"I've been playing Ace Combat since the first game released for the PlayStation 1, Air Combat, (or Ace Combat in Japan). It's been my favorite series since I was a kid and played countless hours on all 18 games, with my only favorite title, Ace Combat 2. But, get to the chase, Ace Combat Assault Horizon is probably the worst title in the whole series. Your character is not a mute and shows his face unlike in all the other games where I liked my pilot to be a mystery. DFM is just annoying and I can't even stand the zoom effects, there were a lot of instances where I've went through structures and did not crash. Oh and how the ♥♥♥♥ can your aircraft regenerate health??? That's almost like playing Battlefield, when your chopper or Su-35 Flanker-E regenerates armor points by not taking anymore damage. Come on NAMCO!... You're better than this! Maybe if this game didn't have the DFM then it would as much fun and exciting as the other games."
76561198004162646,Not Recommended,228400,34374076,Posted: 20 August,all,connordavisj,"Ace Combat: Assault Horizon is a turbulent attempt to combine intense cinematic style with a modern day aerial combat game.DISCLAIMER:  THIS REVIEW DOES NOT EVALUATE COOPERATIVE MODE OR MULTIPLAYER MODEStoryThe story of Assault Horizon is one of revenge, rebellion, and a really bad plot.  It is poorly written, poorly conveyed, and painfully obnoxious.You are Lieutenant Colonel William Bishop; a U.S. pilot working with NATO's 108th Task Force in East Africa.  The Task Force is currently combating the rise of a group of ""rebels"".  Who these rebels are, who they are rebelling against, and why is never even considered worth talking about by the game.  The Rebs need to be put down and that's that.  A few missions into the game, the rebels are traded out entirely for a new faction of other rebels whose motives are once again completely left in the jet stream.  These rebels at least have a name, but suffice to say by the end of the game, you'll really start to question why so many of them even follow the primary antagonist on his suicidal crusade.  Some missions will be given a modicum of context before you leap in.  Others will just dive right in and by the end you won't even know who you were shooting at and why.  Major plot events transpire that are not even conveyed to the player, making for plenty of confusion when what HAS been conveyed would imply that the situation you're in should be entirely the opposite of what it is.  Character writing is flat and devoid of depth.  Dialogue is 50% radio chatter and 50% unfunny banter.  It all wraps up with what is written to be some sort of inspirational statement about overcoming perceived obstacles in life that rings incredibly hollow in light of the plot that preceded it.GameplayHalf arcade combat and half flight sim, Assault Horizon is a game about launching missiles at distant targets or chasing them down yourself.  Player aircraft can take a fair beating before going down and regenerating health will keep you in the fight on every difficulty except Ace.  Everything will be flown from fighters and bombers to attack helicopters and AC-130's.  Each war machine comes loaded with anywhere from 30 to 100+ missiles and munitions as well as their own flight parameters and loadouts.  You can really feel a difference between the older models and the modern 5th gen's.  Flight controls feel very good.  The camera isn't so much locked to your plane as it is an entity that follows it.  Turns feel tighter and G-forces rattle the screen.  Although the standard three-axis flight model is available as a control option, the Optimum setting keeps your controls tied to the relation of the camera.  It works very well in all situations except an invert, and since you can't roll, inverts are only automatically corrected if you relinquish control of the craft for a few seconds.  Helicopters controls are a little more awkward.  You can strafe back and forth; left and right, but you can only rotate left or right.  Looking up or down keeps the chopper completely level but aims the chin cannon's elevation.The majority of the game's 16 missions will put you snug in the seat of a jet.  These are broken up by two attack helicopter chapters and a few on rails turret sorties.  Assault Horizon's biggest attempt to stand out lies in it's Dog Fight Mode.  While most targets can be downed by a couple missiles; many will require you to enter DFM.  Working your way to the rear of an enemy plane while in close proximity will allow you to initiate DFM.  At this point the game turns into a sort of gamified on rails system in which the opponent you're pursuing lays down the track.  DFM gives a certain level of magnetism to keep you direclty behind the enemy at break neck speeds, but failing to steer yourself long their same path will see you drop out of the chase entirely.  You will automatically keep up with their velocity, but can modulate your speed.  Slowing down widens your ability to stay on their tail, but makes aiming your gun or lining up a missile lock incredibly difficult.  Punching the throttle will bring the nose of your plane mere yards from your target.  Attacking them at this distance is easy, but one tight turn will knock you straight out of DFM.  Missile lock-on's gain extra damage if you also manage to line up perfectly with the enemy craft before letting it fly.  Victims of DFM can pop flares to ward of missile lock-ons, and can also decelerate.  Slowing down will make them risk your wrath, but allows them to then engage a counter DFM, looping around to come in behind your craft instead and reversing the roles.  These same options are available to the player.  On the whole, the system works and it is incredibly gratifying.  Although repititious, every chase is a small little combat challenge about keeping up and taking aim while you hurtle across the sky at a thousand knots.  Successfully staying on the tail of a particularly dodgy fighter is a blast and the ability to chain DFM's if other planes are within range can erase entire flights in seconds if your aim is true.  The kill cam that end caps many of your kills is a real treat too.Sadly, this fun new system is often used in all the wrong ways.  Far too many of the the DFM's you'll engage in are cutscenes that attempt to show you a cool chase where you fly under a falling crane or strafe over exploding bridges.  These enemies are completely immune to the dozen or so missiles you'll ram up their exhaust and rather than build excitement, only make you wish the chase would end so you can actually shoot them down.  The final boss fight in particular is absolutely egregious.  It breaks all of the combat rules you'll have learned up to that point and you'll be forced to chase the same jet multiple times while nothing you do to it has any effect whatsoever, but you still have to avoid his game breaking attacks.  It drags the entire last chapter down and has given me a new appreciation for quick time events in video games.  At least when I push a button during a QTE, something happens.  Blasting an invincible jet to oblivion is incredibly demoralizing and completely sucks way all tension or fun.  The game is at its best when it lets you DFM freely and rule the skies, but these patches of genuine fun or broken up consistently by frustrating scripted chases.  It's a real let down.Free Missions let you replay the campaign chapters in whatever craft you please while tring to earn the highest score you can.  This mode cuts out most of the cutscene fat, but sadly the scripted chases remain.The Player Archive contains a pretty bad hangar viewer for any aircraft you've flown, player stats, a page of 150+ unlockables to chase after, and an incredibly limited replay feature of moments you may have saved while playing.Players can also customize craft with a myriad of color options.  Even their missile exhaust trails.PresentationThis is where Assault Horizon manages to fire on all cylinders.  The game presents an impressive level of detail on a macro, mid, and macro scale as you soar through the sky, run low altitude helicopter missions, and listen in on first person cutscenes presented in real time.  The crown jewe of the game is aircraft destruction.  Each kill results in a glorious explosion of showering sparks, gouts of oil, and the slow motion rending of metal from metal.  Hapless pilots are ripped from their cockpits, thousands of feet in the sky.  Steel Carnage indeed.  Highly aggressive camera work frames the entire game and adds a lot of energy to it.  Music is often subpar but drowned out by lock-on tones.  The opening mission is an exception."
,Recommended,228400,18364066,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Moon,"Either you like it or not, Ace Combat Assault Horizon is a decently good game.For the fighter jet missions, Beautiful graphics, The fast paced in-your-face dogfighting combat is fun and makes you feel bada$$! Awesome soundtrack, definitely not dissapointed!  It's a really fun game when you look at all the action alone and stuff. DFM (DogFightMode) mode is fun, but a bit OP, as all you have to do is lock in DFM and fire missiles. ASM (AirStrikeMode) is difficult, and you have to align the plane to face the targets to shoot them down with the machine gun if your missiles don't recharge fast enough. Personally I thought ASM is a bit dissapointing.The helicopter missions are a bit ehh, slower paced and can be a bit boring as your objectives are to cover the ground allies and shoot down cars and other helicopters. Guess how you dodge a missile in a helicopter? By doing a full sideflip lol. The helicopter missions are the ones I don't really enjoy that much to be honest. The angle isnt the best on 3rd person, so I suggest 1st.The helicopter door-gunner missions are also slower paced and can be a bit boring. Kinda laid-back gameplay. Also for the door-gunner mission, the camera is behind the soldier, which makes looking out a bit difficult.The objectives for the game is mostly: Cover you allies, Destroy enemies ASAP etc etc. If you do not do it in time, you will fail the mission. Also, the concept is the typical Americans vs Russian storyline, nothing too special.Overall:Pros:Awesome Soundtrack,Nice Graphics and fast gameplay is exciting.Flying and fighting jets is pretty fun.Impressive fighter jet gameplay.DFM mode is actually alright.Cons:Helicopter and Door-gunner missions are a bit staleBad Angle for Door-gunner missions.Helicopter missions can get boring.Mostly same objectives.ASM mode is a bit difficult.Stale storyline.I would give this game a 6.5/10.So is it worth it????For 20 bucks, No.On sale for 5 bucks, Yes. Could be like 4 or 3 bucks tho."
76561197997752428,Not Recommended,228400,11395636,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,OneScoop,"2/10Looks pretty, but throws everything that made the AC series great out the window in favor of forcing you into a QTE to shoot down every single plane.And there are a lot of them.Prepare for 45 minute missions to shoot downa handfull of aircraftMarvel as you watch your plane magically repair itself mid fligh!Stare astonished as that common fighter plane dodges your locked missile for the 20th time, forcing you into the half minute-minute long QTE to shoot it down!Laugh with glee as the Strangereal setting and plot(s) are tossed aside in favor of the real world with a typical summer block buster plot of evil Russians!Regret spending $5 on it during the sale and go back to playing AC Infinity!"
76561198166620870,Recommended,228400,28205877,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"If you buy this, do NOT buy this expecting a traditional Ace Combat experience, instead buy it expecting a blockbuster action experience similar to Call Of Duty in the means that it has some on-rails gameplay and deviates from the gameplay that is known for the rest of the series.What's changed?Alot! I went into this seeing the mixed reviews and I expected alot of change but didn't know what... for starters, the game is very story driven, there are Metal Gear-esque cut-scenes at the bunker, quick time events during combat, helicopters missions and infared bombing missions. It's strange to see Ace Combat goes this route. The music is no longer Steve Vai/Joe Satriani stuff but is that orchestral moody stuff you'd expect to hear while playing something like God Of War.Alot annoyed me at first but the gameplay is addicting as ever!The multiplayer stil functions and is acrually pretty awesome.It's okay, I like RaidersSphere4th better but this was passable after getting used to the changes. If this didn't have the name ""Ace Combat"", it would have recieved much better reviews from the player base. It's not bad, it just does things differently."
76561198040535589,Not Recommended,228400,16035105,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Demon of Razgriz,I tried. I really did. But this game tho'. It breaks my heart. Maybe Razgriz can save us......
,Not Recommended,228400,9719532,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Xerxes,"Okay NAMCO, what the hell happend to you?Where are the awesome and timeless features from the previous Ace Combat games? Seriously, there's like nothing of it left!WHY THE HELL DO I DO AUTOMATIC DOGFIGHTS?WHY THE HELL DO I DO AUTOMATIC COUNTER MAENUVERS?WHY THE HELL MY GODDAMN F-22 HOLS 200 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MISSILES?WHY THE HELL WE'RE NOT FIGHTING AGAINST YOUKTOBANIA, VERUSEA OR GOD-♥♥♥♥ING-DAMN BELKA?WHY THE FLYING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WE HAVE ""ASSAULT HELICOPTERS""?WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IT'S SO FREAKING HARD TO HIT A HOSTILE WITH YOUR DAMN MACHINE GUNS, AND WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ING MACHINE GUN HAS INFINITE ♥♥♥♥ING AMMO?WHRE'S THE ♥♥♥♥ING ACE DIFFICULTY?WHERE ARE THE MEDALS?WHERE ARE THE DRAMA STORY?You ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you killed the only game I was good at. In fact, I have more than 1000 hours of gameplay in my PS2 memory car save files of Shattered Skies, Unsung War and The Belkan War!I GOT RANK ♥♥♥♥ING S IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING ACE DIFFICULTY IN ALL MODES AND ALL LEVELS OF THE BELKAN WAR USING A GODDAMN MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SUKHOI-35! I EVEN SHOT DOWN PIXY IN THE HARDEST WAYS POSSIBLE!AND WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DO YOU DO THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH ME AND ALL TEH OTHER TRUE HARDCORE FANS OF THE SERIES, HUH?!♥♥♥♥ YOU NAMCO!♥♥♥♥ YOU AN EVERYBODY WHO THINKS THAT THE SERIES MUST HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING ""MODERN WARFARE"" REBOOT AND/OR REHASH!YOU SHATTERED MY ♥♥♥♥ING NOSTALGIA FEELINGS OF MY CHILDHOOD ANS TEENAGE YEARS... YOU BETTER MAKE A ♥♥♥♥ING PORT AND HAD VERSION OF THE PREVIOUS GAMES, OR I SWEAR I'LL KICK YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING ASSES, YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!And yes, I'm very, very, very angry and frustrad with this game, and I don't recommend it at all to tru lovers and fans of the Ace Combat series. I'm playing the series since Ace Comabt 3: Electrosphere for tthe PS1 and I felt highly disappointed by the gameplay mechanics choices that have been made for Assault Horizon, completely discarding the provebial ""bread & butter"" of the series. To be more specific: they cut down the simulation in exchance for action, which didn't worked out well enough, as it seems that the simulation is much less realistic than the preveious games, despite the surreal and fictional weapons from the previous ones. I won't go down in more details since I've alreay expressed them on my angry rant above, which I am sorry if I offended someone or sounded threatening. I just couldn't hold my emotional outrburst.If you're a fan of modern action and casual (and rather silly) games, I recommend it. Give it a try and you might enjoy it.For hardcore Ace Combat fans like me, I probably don't have to say anything else.Best wishes."
76561197995848467,Not Recommended,228400,33062192,Posted: 30 June,all,Bishop,"I've been playing the Ace Combat series since the PlayStation one days. Sadly in a last-ditch attempt to cater to a wider audience the developers have introduced something called DFM (or Dog Fight Mode), and ended up ruining the entire game for both hardcore fans and newer audiences. Please never try something like this again Namco.I'm halfway tempted to request a refund for this game, but since I got it 80% off..."
,Not Recommended,228400,33922306,Posted: 31 July,all,xnguard,"Short, short review for long-time players of the Ace Combat series: this is not an Ace Combat game. It has the right name, yes, and some of the original arcade-ish feel. However, missiles are no longer all-aspect; you will almost never get a head-on shot, no matter how lousy a plane the opposition picked, and no matter how good yours is. Doesn't matter what type of missile you're packing.Winning is mostly a matter of using the new ""dogfight mode"" (what else have we been doing all this time!?) and trying to use ""special weapons"" (that is, anything but the stock missiles--MSL) whenever they're ready to fire. Regular missiles rarely hit, even though you're probably going to get hit BY them on a regular basis. Enemy aircraft have full access to ""infinite ammo"" and ""no reload"" cheat codes, same as usual.I've actually gone back and fired up my old PS2 to compare to the AC titles that were available. It's not a matter of a difference in controllers (PSX2 vs. X360 on PC) or my forgetting how bad I was at Ace Combat (I wasn't). Not only have the core mechanics changed, but the game is overall much harder.Even on ""rookie"" difficulty, enemy missiles will hit more often than not, and as soon as you run out of flares (almost immediately), there's very little you can do to stop a missile from hitting you. In some missions, you'll have multiple enemy aces on your tail at a time, and your supposed wingmen are more interested in comms chatter than scratching your back.Even the introductory mission had a large number of enemies constantly spawning, and now that I've sort-of mastered controlling the other, terrible mechanics (AC-130 overwatch, H-60 door gunner, Longbow really-bad-flight-sim), I'm another couple of actual JET COMBAT missions in, and the odds feel impossible.I thought the whole point of having adjustable difficulty was that I could turn it down until I didn't feel like there was enough of a challenge, then back up until I'm having fun. Instead, I haven't had any actual fun at all.PS: Hi, Namco? Your introductory disclaimer won't hold up in a court of law. It's all well and good to disclaim that no actual persons, countries, companies, etc. are intended to be portrayed in the game... but when the main characters are mostly wearing US flag patches and USAF patches or grunting ""Yes, but WE'RE RUSSIAN! We don't follow standard procedures!"" then everyone knows exactly what countries you're portraying. Same with ""Mogadiyu, Africa."" Maybe also don't say ""from the Air Force base in Texas"" or ""US Carrier, Persian Gulf."" You probably should have stuck to licensing real warplanes and making up the names of countries and locations. I think everyone was fine with that.PPS: Possibly you can get away with claiming that no real events are portrayed, 'cause, yeah, I don't remember any massive air battles over Miami Beach."
,Not Recommended,228400,22594443,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,alexchou123,"Full of scrpted sequences and mandatory DFM. When you take freedom away from the player in an flight game, you know you f*** up mate."
76561198011286903,Not Recommended,228400,27579245,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr_Banana_MAN [Cpt],"this game is nothing like to original games.if you loved the original ace combat games and your looking to enjoy those games again. just hook up your PS2...It hurts me to say it but.. This games is nothing like the ""shattered skies"" ""Balkan war"" or ""Unsung war"" we soo loved.They tried to modernize it and really hurt the legacy."
,Not Recommended,228400,30186316,Posted: 25 February,all,Oxide206,Played Ace Combat '04 back in the day for PS2. Thought this game would do it justice. It did not.
,Not Recommended,228400,8196948,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AlexFrost,"I was expecting something like Ace Combat 3: Electrosphere, which I loved on PS1, mostly for its futuristic desings and cool missions. But instead this game is like Call of Duty about pilots, with cut-scenes all the way, about some military conflict in the Middle East, seen that, been there. Boring helicopter-gunner mission included. Although this game has some cool dogfights and pretty good effects, it is a dissapointment for me.P.S. ♥♥♥♥ GFWL"
,Not Recommended,228400,7759219,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spades Neil,"A disappointment to an Ace Combat fan like myself. The ""dogfight mode"" is very clunky and glitches out very frequently, making the screen spaz. Combined with a sub-par storyline and lacking those superweapons that made prior Ace Combat games so much fun, and the fact that no level can be played without using Dogfight Mode or some variation of it beside the badly controlled helicopter missions, this game really was below my expectations. It is definately one of the most disappointing releases since Ace Combat 3 (the English version)."
,Recommended,228400,23531724,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Northropi,"DISCLAIMER: I say a lot of this having gotten the game for a mere $5, and with little former Ace Combat experience.My rating out of ten on this game sort of fluctuates depending on my mood.  I think it’s at most an overall 8/10, though there are moments it really feels pretty great.  Obviously you probably are here looking through the prominent negativity of the general reviews and maybe you spotted this one of, like, three positive ones.  If you, for instance, are coming back to the store page for a visit, you’re probably confused about how anyone likes this game.  I don’t know.  What’s wrong with me?Well, first off, we should probably glimpse at what people are consistently saying is bad and I can, to some degree, verify.  I’ll save the big one for last:Apparent US/NATO bias, and other sort of national things: Though it seems the PAK-FA is the penultimate plane in all of this, the game seems to focus on America with Russian alternatives.  There are other planes- The JAS-39, EF2000, Rafale, and Mirage show up, in addition to the F-2 (...as a strict attacker, whilst the AV-8B is a multirole fighter) and the fictitious CFA-44 and ASF-X.  However, it seems to glorify the F-22, has two playable American bombers while neither of the Russian ones that show up are playable, and a lot of fighters from other nations that I would have liked to see (granted I don’t think a few of them, like the J-20 and ATD-X, were well known at the time) were missing, and one that I would have LOVED, the MiG-31, was present but unplayable.  With that said, the US planes don’t seem all that much stronger.  What I’ve also seen mentioned is that the Russian characters seem like walking stereotypes, and undeniably the story is focused on America, even when you play as non-US planes.  And, yes, I know that the game is Japanese.  That’s what makes it a bit weird...Story: So, I hear the story is bad.  I thought it was ok.  I mean, as said above, it is focused on the US, and, without spoiling too much, a Russian superweapon has been taken and is being used for purposes of terror by a Russian separatist group, so in a way it…  does sort of pit the US and Russia against each other, even though everyone is actually working together to fight the guys who happen to be Russian.  There was also this one part where it makes a few Russian helicopter pilots look like idiots.  Of the story itself, I don’t see what was so bad.  I mean, maybe mediocre, but certainly not actually painful past that.  There were even a few parts that I liked- I thought the briefing scenes were nice, and the scenario does highlight the intensity of the missions very well.Unrealism in some areas: So the game, which seems to try to be realistic (at least until you notice the payloads), has some unrealistic areas.  The first is something that all Ace Combat games have, I think (I remember in 04, which I played, it was like this).  You have way too many missiles- near two hundred default ones and about thirty of a special type.  This is cool though, just don’t think about it too hard.  Then there’s the gun.  Unlike my experience in 04, the gun has unlimited ammo- there’s even a part of the plane stats that tells you how much ammo you have and it just has dashes there, as if they initially wanted numbers.  It does overheat, though.  Speaking of the gun, it one-shots tanks.  Yeah.  The controls also have two modes- the default is more like Star Fox than Ace Combat, having automatic roll and pitching when you press either side key instead of manually needing to bank and then pitch- at the same time, it actually seems to do weird things to the aircraft flight model, for instance the force applied by the rudders seems to always be parallel to the ground in this.  But you can turn it off.  Furthermore, things don’t feel like they’re actually there in a weird way.  Just look at how the planes land.  The helicopters have also been panned as unrealistic.  For one thing they have JC2 controls where they just translate magically instead of actually moving by pitching, yawing, and rolling.  They could have plane-like control for rotation, throttle for collective, and slave the gun to whatever target you have locked- seems like a much better setup and about as easy to code in hindsight.  If Aces ever goes back to helis, I think that’s how they should do it.  Also, and I’m actually not sure whether or not this works in real life, the helicopters can do an aileron roll as an evasive tactic instead of flares.  Holy Hell, if that actually works…The big one: The main criticism is the “Modes”.  Air strike mode (ASM) is not that bad, in fact in its absence the ground attack missions actually feel a bit lacking (EDIT: Not that I would suggest bringing it back).  But the main complaint is Dogfight Mode (DFM).  DFM is definitely unrealistic and, though it does do its job to keep combat close and intense, is overall a pretty bad thing for a game that seems to want to keep some realism.  Basically in DFM, you start playing a Star Fox on-rails level, where the direction is picked by the target.  Via fancy maneuvers you can break the guy off of the tail (or more often, give him whiplash), but otherwise…  It’s Star Fox.  And no, I don’t hate Star Fox.  To see how screwed it is, just try entering DFM from a distance and look at how your plane moves on radar.  Other times, the enemy plane decides it can move through this particular area of the terrain, forcing you into an unavoidable crash.With all that said, I think most of it is true.  I would have loved some more realism in the controls and the helicopters, and while I don’t think I could have played with KBM controls as is without DFM handholding me, I would have preferred smoother controls to it becoming a rail shooter temporarily.The good things it offers, however, are…  Good…  Yeah…  It has a nice variety of planes, great graphics, anime, high immersion, a few ground attack missions that you don’t normally see, a lot of variety, anime, excellent music, huge and detailed maps, anime, adrenaline, anime, anime, anime.  Anime.  Even the DFM does, as mentioned above, do its job and get really intense.  However, as I stated, I have little experience in Ace Combat.  For this reason I assume I could have gotten every good bit of this from another AC title, and Assault Horizon isn’t really bringing anything to the table…Except maybe that multiplayer.  I haven’t played it myself- I hear it’s dead.  No one online, and by this point, they may have dropped online support (especially with Infinity out- that could use the resources).  But from what I’ve heard it’s quite good.  I imagine that facing other players would make DFM much more fun, and furthermore, you have access to more than just the fighters.  Again, not entirely sure, but if it flies, I think you can play it, from choppers to fighters to bombers (maybe not the AC-130U and MH-60 gunships), and not only that, but all in the same match with AI ground units, so a nice touch of combined arms there, certainly sounds nice.  Maybe someone popular could pick it up on a free weekend/sale and have everyone play it at once until it gets old.  Still though, what I’ve seen called THE good point is dead.  If there’s anything else to be said, it’s the only cross-platform game of the series, and the only one on PC.But, hey, Project Aces recognizes it as a non-canon spin-off, so feel free to pretend it doesn’t exist."
76561198133507113,Not Recommended,228400,33216483,Posted: 3 July,all,Commander CC,"Enormously frustrating game. Due to dogfight mode (DFM), enemies have a lot of health and are very hard to kill without DFM. Further, when an enemy engages you in DFM, the games breaks you off of any enemy you are pursuing, and forces you to escape the enemy's DFM (not that hard, but annoying and takes time away from playing the objective).The flight controls are not real flight controls; stick right does not mean roll right, the game interprets that as ""turn right"", so it rolls you a bit but just enough to turn in the horizontal plane. I think stick forward also means ""descend"", rather than ""pitch down"", and these stick commands have caused me to crash several times (when trying to do a loop to escape a missile or something). If you do a half-loop and get upside down, you have to wait for the game to flip you back over (of course it does this right as you DFM an enemy, breaking you off), since you can't roll yourself. On top of that, the game does not remember your settings, I had to reset my control settings each time I played, which was extremely annoying.Don't get this game, just wait for Ace Combat 7."
76561198278566213,Recommended,228400,22005492,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,More8,"This is an arcade style shooter and not a serious flight sim. So to enjoy this you must forget your previous encounter with the ace combat franchise in terms of gameplay mechanics and even the story telling. This is made like a interactive movie and you are in the ride with limited steering options because the whole thing moves on tracks at high speed. This is the curse and blessing of this game depending how you look at it. It gets hectic and exhilarating but it does not have great characters or story or immersion. I myself like the action which is frantic. Story wise this is as bad as the Michael Bay movies get... The cheesy Russian terrorists to mess up the whole world kind of plot I personally could not care less about. It's not even told in an engaging way, even at a time when terrorism is actually a hot potato right now. I feel like game developers swap back and forth with the washout writers that come from hollywood when they can't make it there, and vice versa. Seriously gaming in general is on a steep declining slope in terms of quality of content. Good graphics don't alone make a good game. However this game for me as I'm a casual gamer,is okay in terms of the over the top, Top Gun'esque action. This is like the 'independence day' version of aerial combat. It's not good storywise or by characters, but action leaves your heart pounding and liking it when brains are in need of relaxing and crave for just stupid action for sake of action."
76561198014702049,Recommended,228400,11870731,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Lord Tommy,"The graphics are kinda nice actually and the DFM (Dog Fight Mode) of engaging in combat with enemy planes makes the gameplay more exciting that ""I am turning to shoot at you, ok, still turning"".The story however is pretty bland and cliche, especially for one that's supposedly by some veteran author, I guess it kills my interest in his works...Buy this on sale, hook up a controller and create a Pandora station called ""Danger Zone"" and live the dream."
,Not Recommended,228400,31432017,Posted: 28 April,all,Skywolf,"This is my first review of a Steam Game, so bear with me. As a long time fan of the Ace Combat Series, I found this game somewhat lacking in both story and game play. I will say that the aircraft are beautiful specimens, but this game a drastic departure from the others in the series. The button combinations required even to be able to properly fight make the game clunky and restrict the natural flow that is the majestic dance of aerial combat. And as for story? Whew.....I'm sorry, the real world setting really didn't do it for me. I mean come on, Washington DC is one of the most Restricted and heavily defended Airspaces in the United States post 9/11.Would I recommend this game? Not for people who love the Original Ace Combat Games."
76561197994406442,Not Recommended,228400,33384971,Posted: 8 July,all,Iskander4000,"I've been a fan of the Ace Combat series since AC4 came out for the PS2. I remember being reluctant to try it at first because I've been a lifelong fan of flight sims but after accepting the fact that they threw realism out the window, I was able to enjoy AC4 for what it was--fun, pure and simple. AC5 and Zero added memorable (if not ridiculous) stories, while improving the system for purchasing or upgrading planes. I really got attached to some of the planes and it almost seemed sad to buy a better plane. And did I mention that the games were FUN? AC6 was a bit of a letdown; story was less memorable and it seemed like you had to take a new plane every mission, but it was still FUN! So with that in mind, I purchased Assault Horizon, aware that it had shortcomings but figuring that I could at least have fun. Boy was I wrong...I've played 5 missions so far and I have little motivation to continue. One word sums up the gameplay: BORING. The AC-130 mission got old after a few minutes. The helicopter mission was three times as long as it needed to be and was pretty much just doing the same thing over and over. And the aircraft missions...the one thing that should still have been exciting, regardless of everything else...how the heck did they manage to screw these up? Dull, boring, and much of it felt like a task instead of a game. I can't believe I'm saying this acout an Ace Combat game.Project Aces, if you're listening, I seriously hope you learned your lesson and remembered to make AC7 fun. But if you really want to take my money, why not remaster 4 5 and Zero? I'd shell out cash for an HD version of these in a heartbeat."
,Not Recommended,228400,11413085,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,yuugi the strong,another perfectly good franchise ruined by idiots
76561198087158589,Not Recommended,228400,26087589,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Skorchmarc,Here's my short opinion on this game.It doesn't feel like an Ace Combat game. The dog fighting mechanic needs to never be revisited. Constantly I am frustrated by planes taking 45 seconds of constant gun and missile damage just to randomly die at the end of a set piece I wasn't paying attention to. Or to have the same thing happen only to land me a face plant into to ground cause thats where the rail spit me out. Turning a fly around and take down jets game into a rail based 3rd/first person shooter is not a good step for the series.
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,228400,9729227,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,SugarySnax,"I returned my Dreamcast to buy the original Playstation 20 years ago because I spent hours in ToysRus playing the demo of Air Combat. One night I went in and some kid was hogging the Playstation station. He wouldn't get off so I bought my own console because Air Combat was just that good. It wasn't til a few weeks later that I discovered Doom and then Tomb Raider and Resident Evil. Air Combat sold me on Playstation.Action, action, action. As soon as you shoot down one bunch, they're replaced with another bunch. That could be a good thing but in this game I just found it to be tedious. You're constantly turning, pulling G's. It seems like it never ends and then they give you an awful cut scene and then they turn you into a helicopter gunner. If fighter jets fought in stadium sized battles then this would be an accurate sim. I almost never feel like I'm flying. I'm just steering a camera around some tight turns with a picture of a jet plane in front of me. They never let you do your own thing like explore the world or the capabilities of the jet. It never feels like anything more than a game.The game is constantly telling you to do things. Sure it is helpful to integrate the tutorial with the gameplay but it sucks when a huge flashing ""Y"" button starts throbbing in the middle of your intense dogfight. The game is ordering you to eject into a cutscene.For an action game I'm surprised they weren't concerned how bad this game is at giving you the feeling of speed and acceleration. At least in the early game the feeling of S and A just isn't there for more than a second. I never feel like I am moving through air or being lifted by lift. I just turn my camera with the pasted on HUD and go to different parts of the background picture. Then they have that part where your computer or console takes you down real low through a forest of smoke stacks and girders. That might have been cool if I felt like I actually was steering or choosing to go there. I am moving sticks and such but obviously there's a lot of ""assists"" going on or something. Its almost a cutscene. You'd think that would be a good thing to be at the controls going through those maneuvers but the whole thing is so fudged and predetermined its just disappointing and annoying.The sophisticated navigation consists of a little map in the corner with glowing arrows. It makes me feel so like I'm in a modern fighter plane.You also won't be bowled over by the airplane models, the HUD models or anything like that. They all are definitely blah.I was a fan of the original Air Combat as it came out on the PS1 and while that wasn't really a sim, it was better than this. If you like a lot of fast action and constant battle or you're just wondering how something this action packed can be so boring  then Ace Combat might be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,228400,18194490,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ch0plol,Poor excuse for an Ace Combat game.
,Recommended,228400,34710778,Posted: 3 September,all,❤mumasboy❤,"quite a fun time killer if you pick it up for $4-7 and runs on any thing newer than a 1984 honda civic.Used both Xbox one controller, Xbox 360 and keyboard and all are a stable choice except for the chopper and chopper gunner on keyboard and mouse as it feels like the sensitivety is more twitchy than a highschool girl on her period, the AC130 is perfectly fine on mouse.DFM is an obvious point alot of people bring up and it is understandable but as i finished the game i played through not using the missiles in DFM but only using the maingun or gunpods and watching pieces of the wings and engines flail off as i hold down fire.Lastly i think youll know if you will like this game or not and if you need a review over the endless amounts of youtube videos that do a better job idk man if this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,228400,16891200,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Guilty Watchman,"No matter how many times i try to play this, one thing keeps stopping me. That dogfighting mode. The game tries to force you into it, in every way it can. Be it, unlimited no cooldown flares, or the insanly tight turn radius of the enemy planes. Yeah there are other issues with the gameplay, such as the door gunner missions being bland or the helicopters awkward aiming when i the cockpit. but that DCM just takes control away from you and isnt optional. Plus it only really works with the turn left/right controls, rather than the pitch and roll. Shame, i love the Ace Combat games (The first game i ever completed was Air Combat) and would love this one if that feature wasnt so heavily used."
76561198013996826,Recommended,228400,11431626,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,F.R.H.,"well ,first thing i'm maniac of Flight Sim , DCS FSX Xplane and Prepar3d , and this game it's oblivious arcade , my Hotas Warthog is completely bugged with aircraft physics,So if you like simulators forget this crap ,for everyone else if you manage to have fun, play with it with mouse and keyboard Michael Bay will be proud of you"
,Not Recommended,228400,33291264,Posted: 5 July,all,Entheogen,"At first you're like awesome this is gonna be a great fighter game.  Then they make you fly an apache? that is a pita to control from the cockpit and in 3rd person it takes up most of the screen.  Then they stick you in a turret on a big plane.  WTF.  This is Ace Combat not turret control.  I wanted to fly fighter planes, instead I have to do this other stuff idgaf about.  Yes please, more fighter games with less actual figher plane levels.  This is the kind of crap that made HAWX 2 such a colossal failure."
,Recommended,228400,33237362,Posted: 4 July,all,weeaboo-mechanic,"I recommend this games as just a gamer,not an ace combat fan,since this game has nothing that make it a good ace combat,still pretty fun though.Thus i recommend it."
76561197970935188,Recommended,228400,477887,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,mahon007,"Good Game, bought for an even better sale price, for someone like myself who has two toddlers, this is nice for when I do have time to play, instant action, nice graphics."
,Recommended,228400,24892136,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Fiji,"This game... it's okay.I say that because there are good aspects and bad aspects. Before I start, I haven't played any Ace Combat games but this game appears to vary in style from the different Ace Combat games according to others. As I don't see this as a sin, I won't include this in the negatives. Allow me to elaborate on the + and -'s:Positives:-Graphics are good, especially in dogfighting mode.-Storyline is somewhat decent too, drew me in a little.-A great soundtrack.-Freedom of choice between different planes, including one with a chemical weapon. (It has a Eurofighter Typhoon too!)-Mechanics are somewhat easy to get used to.Negatives:-The artificial difficulty is painful to look at. It's way too obvious. I'd be dominating a Pak FA and all of a sudden he turns into Yakumo Yukari or something and somehow appears behind me in a split second. They might also fly straight waiting for you to engage them.-The game handles terribly on a flight stick in my opinion. I've tried to get used to it, but it just doesn't work for me. It's best played with a controller.-Some of the reaction times for the counters are ridiculous, I've resorted to spamming the counter button praying I hit it at the right moment. I mean, it's very predictable when they maneuver.-Too repetitive for my liking. Yes, it is a story driven game but they could have done more with what they had. For example, HAWX 2 had different game modes such as Survival and special campaign modes. They could have at least added more like this.My final judgement: Only good for a single playthrough really. If you're feeling lucky, you can try and get a high ranking on all missions but that's about it. Because I am recommending it for a single playthrough, I am rating this up because the story was nice and the other features mentioned contributed. However, if you've played any of the other Ace COmbat games, beware as this is not like the other games (apparently). This is more of a story based game rather than a gameplay based game so I am judging the game with that in mind. If you did not think this review was helpful, please leave advice in the comments, I appreciate it a lot."
,Recommended,228400,10090405,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Haxtato,"This game is very nice at first, for a quite long time. But it gets bored due to the lack of multiplayers active, or maybe just because of my time zone. One thing, it haz colourful n flowery planes in it"
,Recommended,228400,9753497,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Nik The Greek,At first i had an error but managed to fix it.Well this was THE ace combat experience that no other game may not be able to provide.Recommended full throttle.Awesome campaign and multiplayer!!!12/10
,Recommended,228400,22853088,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr. Shakedown,"Arguably the worst game in the series, but this is a 'spin-off' title and for what it's worth, it was pretty decent, even on PS3/Xbox 360. Hopefully Ace Combat 7 is a return to the tried and true formula that was loved by most Ace Combat players."
76561198033499427,Not Recommended,228400,18156500,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Freikorps Fred,ABSOLUTE TRASH
,Recommended,228400,13060033,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Light,"I've played alot of the older games and I have to say, this one's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. The DFM mechanic makes multiplayer matches not take 4 hours to end. Without DFM no one would probably ever be hit.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,228400,14460108,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Apples292,"Coming from someone who didn't play the original Ace Combat, I love this game. I'm also not hugely into flight sims so I can approch ACAH from the point of view of pure fun and missile carnage.-Pros-FunDiverse - Loads of different planes/helis to use including bombers/jets/apaches/blackhawks and various skins to use for them as wellEasy to use - No 100 page tutorial on how to control the plane down to moving 1 flap half a degree. Just take off and fly.-Cons-Sometimes mini cutscenes can happen right in the middile of dog fight mode or just normal flyingVIPs have a ridiculous amount of health at times"
,Not Recommended,228400,9729345,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Umbra Asterism,"God aweful. It brings shame on the Ace Combat name. I hate DFM, its so easy it's boring. It would be fine if you weren't forced to do it. The story loses it's most interesting qualities by becoming a generic 'Murica circle jerk. There are worse Flight sims, but when you compare it to the rest of the Ace Combat series I can't stand it. I didn't even make it half way through before I got bored and quit."
76561198085815757,Not Recommended,228400,34450772,Posted: 23 August,all,Clickzkrieg,I would have liked this game if it didnt have to force DFM on the player every 6 seconds. Also... these missions are scripted as hell.0/10
76561198032783692,Not Recommended,228400,35279875,Posted: 28 September,all,Vexxas21x,"Not a bad game, does not live up to the Ace Combat series in my opinion.  The mechanic where some targets are virtually impossible to kill without using a chase mechanic makes the game tedious at best.  Sadly I was not impressed."
,Recommended,228400,33900965,Posted: 30 July,all,dsgruntld,"Dog fight mode is garbage, but if you're an Ace Combat fan (as I am) you're probably willing to overlook it. Good story, visuals are good and unlike other Ace Combat games, it takes place in 'the real world'. 5/7 willing to play if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,228400,24807447,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Spooks,"I think people are exaggerating about the dog fight mode, you don't have to use it aside from against certain bosses. At its core this is still ace combat, although the story isn't quite as good as 4, 5 or 0.The helicopter missions are ok, reminds me of games like Comanche 4.The lowest points are the ASM and AC-130 missions, ASM is avoidable but you might not make the objectives in time if you don't use it. AC-130 stuff is just monotonous and drags on for way too long."
76561198006575384,Not Recommended,228400,33513160,Posted: 13 July,all,vieira502,"Avoid at all costs. While I love the Ace Combat series, this version has truly flawed controls. Actual dogfighting is gone replaced by a dogfightmode mechanic that puts your plane on autopilot while you try to center your reticle. Enemy aces are practically immune to missiles outside of DFM. this has been mentioned in other reviews (wish I had read them before buying). But the worst offender is the attack helicopter controls. You cannot assign controls and there is no separation of turning with turret control. I literally quit playing because the helicopter was so miserable."
,Recommended,228400,12799070,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nya_Bilibili,"Well, for anyone who never play this series, I strongly recommend you to have a try! It's really a cool and fast game, no matter how well you can play! BUT AS A PLAYER WHO HAD PLAYED ALL ACE COMBAT SERIES, I FEEL REALLY DISAPPOINT, MAYBE NAMCO SHOULD JUST CALL THIS GAME ASSAULT HORIZON, BUT NOT ACE COMBAT, I THINK THAT WILL MAKE ME FEEL BETTER! As you see this game just become a fast game without beautiful music and thoughtful story. Just become  a ‘wula!!!gogogo!!!’ game, so if you had played Ace Combat series before, I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU TO BUY IT, REALLY A BAD GAME! So anyway, like what I always said, if you like it, just buy it, if you want  more thoughtful stories, buy a Xbox 360 or PS2 or PSP or PS3, and play the old series! You will find more than war in the old Ace Combat series."
,Not Recommended,228400,9722415,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Peter,Not a very fun game. I'd rather play one of the older ones.
76561198052698989,Not Recommended,228400,18409076,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Hussain,Very annoying game play with shallow storyline. Even as a fan of Ace Combat I found it disappointing!
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,228400,12704858,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,hagakuremoi,"Español and EnglishI had the opportunity to play Ace Combat 1, Ace Combat 2, and Ace Combat 3. I consider those as excellent games, so I was really interested in revisiting this saga with Ace Combat Assault Horizon, I can't say that I regrer my purchase, however this game has more defects than virtues.The Bad:The Dogfight camera is vomitive, there was a time when dogfight required skill and now its just a common QTE.Your wingman is useless, you are a one man army where the allied units are only for decoration. In the old games you got the feeling of big operations where the allied AI was more reliable.The enemies magically appear and disappear just to make cool scenes of multiple missiles.The story is meh.The good:The music.Yo tuve la oportunidad de jugar Ace Combat 1, Ace Combat 2 y Ace Combat 3, y siempre los considere y los sigo considerando excelentes juegos. Es por eso que estaba muy emocionado con la oportunidad de revivir esos momentos con Ace Combat Assault Horizon, aunque no puedo decir que me arrepienta de comprarlo, este juego tiene mas defectos que virtudes.Defectos:La camara en el dogfight mode es vomitiva, antes entrar en dogfight requeria de habilidad, ahora no es mas que una especie de QTE.Tu wingman es un inutil, te sientes ejercito de un solo hombre donde las unidades aliadas solo sirven de adorno, antes te sentias parte de operaciones mas grandes donde podias contar con que la IA hiciera su trabajo.Los aviones aparecen, desaparecen o se quedan quietos solo para que las escenas con misiles multiples se vean cool, y la historia es pesima.Todo esto representa varios pasos atras respecto a los demas juegos de la saga.Virtudes:La musica."
,Recommended,228400,9400410,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],"Now that Games For Windows Live has been removed from the game, my CD key automatically works, and I can now save the game. I have had no problems so far, and the game is on sale again.The FIRST thing you should do when you get this game is to change the control style to ORIGINAL. The new control style doesn't give you full control of the planes. If you cant go upside down, it aint Ace Combat.The game is pretty good overall, but the ""dogfight"" mode is just plain annoying. It doesnt really take any skill to do, and doesn't give you any sense of accomplishment when you do it. Being basically forced to use it isnt cool. The helicopter levels are boring COD style minigun action. And the 3rd person camera, which is behind the gunners shoulder, does not help.I got this game for around 5 dollars on sale, which was a good price, but I dont think i would pay over 15."
,Not Recommended,228400,9725555,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Meles Meles,"It boggles the mind how an arcade flight simulator, not bound by any expectation of realism, can end up so incredibly dull. ""Dogfighting"" is reduced to simply staying in a turn, and pressing a button whenever you hear the beep. The flight models have had no real care put into them, and without an interesting game mechanic, flying a Phantom or an F-16 ends up being even more tedious than flying a DHL cargo plane, and no amount of explosions or flashy action shots are going to distract you from that."
,Recommended,228400,13405609,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,James (not Michael) Stevens,"I am new Ace combat games. I've heard that this game sucked but really it didn't. I mean maybe the old ace combats are a lot better than this one. One thing i don't like is the DFM mode. It makes things a lot easier. Sometimes way to easy. It feels like it's the game that is doing everything for you. Although i really like this game, the graphics and storyline. Maybe DFM can suck sometimes really hard, it is actually usefull but I feel like a noob sometimes because old AC games don't have this feature making it very hard to keep up with enemies making it usefull for new guys like me. This game would deserve 10/10 if there was a feature that you could turn of DFM but still great though 8/10"
76561198073270328,Recommended,228400,20994960,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,One Man and his Droid,"... still looks pretty good several years after release - a great arcade / flight / dogfighting game with a cheesy 80s-style throwaway storyline to go with it... still controls well, no issues (watch out for that machine gun section at the start - a bit of a bug means you can't control it whilst in the chopper - but just let it play through and the rest of the game is fine) - definitely a series to watch if it moves to VR... well worth a punt for a couple of quid..."
76561198354047771,Recommended,228400,30941086,Posted: 4 April,all,RAPTORRAB_111,"I think this game is great but it is NOT A REALISTIC SIM so I wouldnt get it if you're looking for a sim DONT  BUY IT, but if you dont mind the fact that it isnt a sim this game is great except for a minor things. My first problem with the game is the apache missions the controls are wierd and I found shooting down helicopter was harder then the final boss. The problem with shooting down other helicopters is the lock on system for the gun aims where the enemy helicopter is, not where it is going to be so the only way you an kill the enemy is if the helicopter is still. The second problem with this game i have is with getting kills in the miami section of the game, this is a problem because I have a clear missle lock i shoot the enemy doesnt use flares or any counter measures i dont get the kill because it is part of the progession of the level whereby a jet has to fly in and around the city. I found this to be very fusrating.Overall i found that the amount of pro's did outwiegh the cons with amazing jet models that would be consided to be good graphics to this day this also gives a game a great deal of replayabilty as most missions you can choose1 of like 15 fighter aircraft to fly, but the cut sence with the pilots we wont talk about (straight up 2011 graphics). This game i found was really great to re live my childhood days of ace combat on the ps2 and ps3.Overall this game is amazing fun if you dont treat it like a simulator and has a fairly long campaign with many great missions such as one in the AC 130 gunship and the bombing missions. I would recomend this game if you dont mind it being an arcade sim"
,Recommended,228400,28159346,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Macs,"Its ""nothing"" compared with some of the previous chapters but yet it is an Ace Combat and if you are a fan then you will love it at least as much as i do.Well worth the money and would love to see more support to play online."
76561198090257049,Recommended,228400,33077833,Posted: 1 July,all,CTU1,"its not a bad game, it just has a trash story and dfm is a bit annoying, thats all"
76561198066572797,Recommended,228400,11464479,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RockyBNasty,"So far starters I'd like to clarify that I've been playing Ace Combat since Unsung War on PS2, I'm not as experienced as the extreme veterans but I've clocked hundreds of hours into each Ace Combat game that has released since. With that being said, I don't think Assault Horizon strays too far away from its old style with this one. There's this new mechanic called dogfight mode which is a step away from the traditional ""Lead your Target"" tactic for dogfights. Instead of using your skill to out manuever planes, you can use a snap lock on feature that automatically locks you onto the enemey's tail.I'm imagining this is where the game gets its hate. I honeslty don't have a problem wth it because it gives a very interesting cinematic approach to dog fights. In this mode the plane sollows completely behind the enemy while the target tries to escape. This can be a number of things in a number of places depending on where you're fighting and I find that interesting.If you ever feel like you're sick of it, just stick to firing rockets-never fails!Like I said, a step away from intense dogfights but still a solid flight combat game. Another really interesting feat is that you fly multiple typs of airfract, helicopters, AC-130s, etc. This is a step in a new direction of ""Ace Combat"" glory. Is it enough to stack up to a game that you want to come back to?Well I like it."
,Recommended,228400,9828660,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,saki,"This is one of the lesser games in the AC franchise, but that doesn't stop it from being an okay game. It makes up for the repetitive gunner missions with high paced and fun dogfighting missions that we all know and love from previous AC games. Overall, a solid game, and if you manage to catch it on a sale then it's well worth it.7/10"
76561197965046644,Not Recommended,228400,35044088,Posted: 18 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"Being a fan of the Ace Combat Series I felt this one didn't deliver the same feelings as I felt from previous Ace combat games. There are some missions rather fun such as the helicopter missions or the C130 but after that the normal fighter missions felt weird to me as the combat just felt mis placed especially with the Dog Fighting system that puts you into a locked camera chasing another plane at super speeds...those just felt out of place and pulled me out of the overall imersion of the game.The story is okay, most times i felt not interested in the overall situation and just wanted to get out of the base and fly around blow things up. Overall I would recommend waiting for the next Ace Combat or stick with previous versions as they seem to deliver a interesting story especially adding crazy fighter jets and evil high tech villians to fight against."
,Not Recommended,228400,28072102,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vipus,"There is a somewhat decent arcade flying game here, but to get to it you'll have to go through some terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥ like being constantly forced to use the Dog Fight Mode (DFM), having the camera control be taken away from you everytime you score a hit, deal with invulnerable enemies during scripted scenes which just make you waste ammo...The uninspiring Door Gunner, Apache and AC-130 sections also don't help the game, and neither does the terrible Campaign story. The Online community for this game is dead so you can also forget about Multiplayer.It may be tempting to get this since it's the only Ace Combat on PC, but I seriously recommend you don't do it. Try to get an emulator running or even get an old PS2 to play the original games. Just stay away from Assault Horizon."
,Recommended,228400,11421031,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,=*andy*rocket*= [ALTFS],"Yes, it is not a real meticulous combat flight simulator. But, it is dynamic movie-style action game, sometimes you need a splendid fun out of box. This game gives you feel of action. That's it. And.. maybe it is obvious and you already know that, but you should play it with a joystick :)"
76561198080553826,Recommended,228400,6956639,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,JRaider1987,"Un auténtico reinicio a la saga, está genial como los clásicos Ace Combat, sí es verdad que este último les deja pequeños, pero los anteriores son unos  “JUEGAZOS”, de verás os lo recomiendo."
76561198072082032,Recommended,228400,8617984,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Fru-Fru,"Ace Combat: Assault Horizon is best described as a mixed experience. Where the gameplay, sound and presentation excel, the story greatly disappoints, rarely doing the title justice. AC is a risky gamble by developers. In marrying the niche genre of flight action represented by its past titles with the pick-up-and-play modern-warfare genres enjoyed by masses of casual and regular gamers.AC boasts a completely revamped destruction engine, full-spectrum missions that expand into helicopter and support-plane varieties, as well as a brand-new 'Dog-Fight Mode' flight mechanic intended to bring jet-on-jet action right into the face of the player. This it does very well. Transitioning between the standard flight controls into the shooter-inspired DFM is smooth and crisp, and letting the game take partial control over your jet while you focus on keeping the enemy plane within your sights and unloading lead and missiles upon him is incredibly entertaining as you see his plane fragment bit by bit, oil streaks splattering over your screen as he finally explodes, debris burning past you. Even more satisfying is chaining multiple DFMs together then turning the tables on a pursuer with a well-timed stunt maneuver that puts you behind him, and right on track to blow him to smithereens.But once you engage in DFM you dont need any skill at all to chase your opponent. It's all auto. You don't need to care about natural obstacles and such because the AI simply removes it from equation. When an enemy engages it on you, it takes luck rather than skill to shake it off you. Without DFM engaged it's almost impossible to destroy enemy planes at medium and long ranges, so no need to carry missiles for that purpose. Bosses and main targets can only be destroyed in DFM.Helicopter missions offer a more down-to-earth approach, as you weave between buildings and get closer than ever to the ground in missions that have you taking out tanks, infantry positions and even other choppers. There are also bomber runs with incredibly satisfying explosion shots and even a heavy bomber mission that plays rather similarly to that famous sequence in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, offering the same entertainment value, with a tad bit more action as you can now be shot down by enemy missiles.Joypad controls are easy to pick up and the camera offers a nice 'over-the-shoulder' view of the action.Technically, AC is not the best-looking game, but it doesn't look too bad either. Plane textures and models, in both third- and first-person cockpit views, look great. The ground looks decent from most altitudes, with buildings and structures modeled with sufficient detail to remain presentable.Plus AC is easily one of the best-sounding games. Explosions rumble your bass speakers as bombs make their impact, and the sound of lead shredding through metal as the your Vulcan cannon buzzes away is one I cannot get enough of."
76561198082431669,Recommended,228400,9070553,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,spacepirate369,"If you are willing to put aside gripes about not being set in the usual Ace Combat world and the total disregard for realism, this game can be a genuine enjoyment. My biggest gripe with the game is the fact that often, when you are chasing a high-ranking bad-guy, he will become unkillable until he leads you to a certain location, just so a cool killcam can occur. This bothered me because I feel it stifles your freedom as a pilot and negatively effects gameplay, just for the sake of showing off the visuals (which are fantastic btw). The controls take a little getting used to, especially if you've played past Ace Combat titles on the playstation, but should be no problem after a few hours of gameplay. Ace Combat Assault Horizon: Enhanced Edition: Fun, arcade mess with a disregard for realism, fan service, and gameplay."
,Recommended,228400,9743425,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Whoota,"I'm going to let you in on a little secret. I love flying games. I love them to bits. I relish the speed, the adrenaline, the viceral sense of the bits of metal that rocket past you at mach 2 as you riddle another plane with bullets. Ace Combat Assault Horizon offers all of that and that is why I like it.Ace Combat has a long history that I have never experienced; so you will not get any comparisons with its predecessors from me. Instead I will tell you exactly why this game is awesome and why you'd do yourself a disservice when not playing it. Let's start with the obvious; the mental presentation. Stuff is literally thrown at you. You are experiencing a barrage of unyielding terror and excitement all at once. The game runs overtime to get you the best angle on the action. The camera will cut back from the action to show you the minute details of your enemy's plane as it disintegrates when you unleash a flurry of bullets and missles at at. If it wasn't enough, the game might just give you a front row seat and follow the missle as travels toward its mark.Not exciting enough you say? Lets talk about dogfighting; the bread and butter of any aerial combat game. Initiation a dogfight in this game requires you to close the distance. A quick button press initiates the special pursuit mode that hooks your plane to your target and the pulse pounding chase begins. Your plane broadly follows the target, but the goal is to keep the crosshair in the center at a insane speeds to make your lock-on kick in faster to shove your deadly missles up his rear end faster. Your mark can escape though. By swaying and dodging, or by hitting the brakes hard and leveling the craft at the right moment you might find yourself being chased. Even then, if you can react fast enough you can instercept his manouver and rivet his plan as he flips in front of you. Everything is carefully accentuated with flares, scratches, explosions and other effect that really make the game's catch prase seem like the real deal: ""Make metal bleed""The story mode is a wee bit short. And by a wee bit I mean seriously short. One day is all you need. You do get some variation in missions and vehicles. Such as flying an Apache Helicoper, B2-Spirit Bomber or a DC-130 gunship, but the real kick comes from flying the many jet fighters. From the F-14 all the way to the latests supersonic machines. Multiplayer allows you to test your skill against other pilots, or cooperate in thwarting the CPU from bombing major cities. The only real problem is the general lack of players. So if anything, this review should have convinced you to shell some cash and come fly with me, cause I can use a few wingmen."
76561197991066947,Recommended,228400,27914613,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CyberONE,The game is awesome but the only thing is  your keyboard controls setting won't save when you exit. This game would have years of gameplay if not for that.
76561198013651746,Recommended,228400,9728134,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Creegull,"Ever just wondered what the lovechild of patriotism, oil and japanese writing looked like.Of course ♥♥♥♥ing not. Here comes the snow."
76561198058466629,Recommended,228400,6073382,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,SarcasticRidley,"A little more smooth than the xbox version. Additional planes that were not in the xbox version as well. Gameplay is excellent, even though the story is super cliche."
,Recommended,228400,8757449,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Evon,Call of Duty in the air.
,Recommended,228400,8794156,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,aejira,"Summary: Long-time fans of the Ace Combat series may have mixed feelings about changes that Ace Combat Assault Horizon has brought to the gameplay, but it's still a solid arcade-flight game with some new approaches to the tried-and-true formula of previous installments. This includes the addition of bomber and rotary-wing missions, QTE-type events, and the steel carnage concept of dogfighting, all of which attempts to present the action in a fast and furious flurry of button mashes and swerving. If you're a fan of the series, most of the game will feel right at home, if you've never played any of the previous games then this is a good entry point. Overall it's a solid 4/5.The biggest point of discussion about Assault Horizon is the new mechanics they brought to the gameplay that were not in previous incarnations. First off, there is roughly three types of missions throughout the game and they revolve around a fighter, bomber, and rotary-wing roles. Fighter missions for the most part are unchanged from previous Ace Combat games but with the addition of a few features. This includes the use of Dog-Fight Mode (DFM), which is a mode that will activate when you click on the L2 + R2 bumpers together when near an enemy unit. This brings your perspective right up behind the enemy aircraft, and your plane will have an easier time gunning it down with your main cannon or locking in with your missiles. I hate to say that this is not just a nice-to-have mode, it's absolutely essential to finish the game and you'll be continually forced into using it. Now if you're being chased by another fighter, you can enter DFM and do a reversal on him, you'll just have to hit the bumpers at the appropriate time.In the first mission, the DFM really seemed to be heavily scripted where you were taken on very intentional paths throughout the city of Miami. Someone can correct me if I'm wrong, but it just seemed that the game was programmed with two types of DFM-type events. One that was scripted and designed to take the player through parts of the map, like sweeping through a pier or nearly dodging the pieces of a collapsing Washington Memorial as you're chasing the enemy. Other times, DFM took you through where you would naturally end up while flying. Just from my playthrough, however, most of the scripted events took place in the first and the last few missions.When utilizing DFM, you also get a taste of what Project Aces is calling ""steel carnage."" To bring a certain type of visceral, gritty sense of air-combat, aircrafts are almost personified as living things. Sounds a little far-fetched, but as you shoot down enemy aircrafts, they start to break apart...seep out fluids and billow out dark fumes like blood and sweat, usually ending the aircraft completely breaking apart or the cockpit being decapitated from the rest of the aircraft. This type of up close and personal approach to dogfighting will feel different, but by the end of the game it becomes very intuitive and natural. In fact when you play through the final missions, you'll end up replaying scenes from the beginning of the game, and it was kind of interesting to see how far I had come in grasping the different concepts of the game.Bomber missions are also new for the series, but for most people it won't be as alienating or groundbreaking as you might imagine. The first type of bombing mission is with the AC-130 ""Spooky,"" which if you've played Battlefield or Call of Duty, it's essentially a carbon-copy of those experiences. The second gives you control of a B-1 ""Lancer"" or B-2 ""Spirit,"" which controls very similar to the fighters but has specific weapons that allow you to carpet bomb an area. They've essentially taken away your missiles and replaced them with guided bomb units (GBUs).The last set of missions and the biggest addition is the use of rotary-wing aircrafts. Again, there are two types of rotary missions with the first being a door-gunner and giving you free-range over a minigun. This also plays similar to missions in Battlefield or Call of Duty. The second allows you to directly take control of an AH-64 ""Apache"" or Mi-24 ""Hind,"" which plays very differently from the aircraft in the game. You have the ability to manuever your helicopter around the map, lower/raise with the A/B keys (XBox 360 Controller), lock-on and focus a main gun and rockets onto, and also perform ""evasive manuevers"" when a missile is locked onto you. Which by the way, is pretty amazing since it involves barrel rolls...  Anyways, the controls are easy to pick up and will take a matter of minutes to figure out. The rotary wing missions for me personally were well-done. The fighter missions are for the most part air superiority-focused and you'll spend more of that time moving in-and-out of DFM. Rotary missions play very differently, for the most part you're moving around with guns ablazing and rockets firing every which direction. It's very action-packed and there are less ""annoyances"" than with the fighter missions, where you're constantly dodging enemy missiles and lining up for the next DFM.The plot is very different from the previous Ace Combat games as well, with a story that is grounded more on real-world politics and issues. There is no Belka, Erusea, Mobius One, or Garuda Squadron, it's a story about the United States, Russia, and the Middle East. Personally I didn't care for the story much, I would have much rather played something relevant in the previous Ace Combat universe, however I think that the Assault Horizon game was built to be a spinoff rather than a continuation of the series. Much of Assault Horizon's storyline pulls of cliched tropes, with the classic vindictive Russian waging a war against the world with weapons of mass destruction, a conspiracy within the Russian military that forces a coup, and the Americans coming in to the save the day from utter devastation. Now, it's still well-done and I did enjoy the ending, but still this is a plot that is way overdone. There is minor character development and for most of the game I didn't even know who my wingman (Warwolf 2) was from the cutscenes, but by the game's finale it all started to pull together well. However, Warwolf 2 is nothing like Kei Nagase or Chopper and will bring less of an emotional pull that they did from AC5.So to summarize, I recommend the game to both fans and newcomers to the series. It's an arcade-style flight shooter, so it's not supposed to be highly realistic. If you want an actual flight simulator, try ArmA or the DCS games, but the downside is that with realism you lose out on the quick, fast-paced action that a more arcade-styled game offers. I think the game is more polished than the HAWX series, but I've enjoyed both series. 4/5"
76561198061145104,Recommended,228400,9751717,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,KilleRIOFIJinX,awesom modern air fighter
,Not Recommended,228400,34221109,Posted: 13 August,all,voodoo_curse,Ace Combat: Arcade.  It feels like the Top Gun game I had on my iPhone in 2011.
,Recommended,228400,8028269,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,I_am_NeverTo0LATE,enjoy it
76561198081873346,Recommended,228400,9462517,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Dastardly D,"This is a great game.  Not as fun as Shattered Skies, but a lot more in depth.  Flight controls are pretty responsive and the storyline is great.  I wish there was a free flight in every map like there was in Shattered Skies, instead of being forced to play a mission.  The multiplayer mode sucks.  Overall, I was happy with the wide variety of flight platforms and how easy it was to customize each one.  If you're an Ace Combat fan, I'd definitely buy this."
,Recommended,228400,18513550,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The_Crimson_Buttflap,"I recommend this game...when it is on sale. Do not get me wrong, I had a BLAST (no pun intended) playing this game. But don;t let the title fool you; this is NOT the Ace Combat we all know and love. It's an arcade game. It's best played on a controller. It looks amazing, it sounds great, the story is...enough to keep you interested. I havent played the multiplayer, i havent gotten into customizing the planes, but for $4 dollars...i had FUN! i'm still not done playing this game yet. it's definitely getting a 7/10. When it's on sale, this is WORTH! Just Don't expect what the title would have you believe. This Ace Combat DID NOT have harcore PC Gamers in mind. However, it is still fun. You can't beat fun."
76561197992629457,Not Recommended,228400,32422872,Posted: 14 June,all,hurleybird,"Boring, and repetitive."
76561198022556915,Recommended,228400,15027882,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ImperialCrackpot,Arcadey good-ness to be found here. Nothing technical or tricky but was really good fun. 7/10
,Not Recommended,228400,34180194,Posted: 11 August,all,Covfefe,"You don't fight the enemy, you fight the controls. Terrible, terrible controls which make the whole gameplay (or at least significant parts of it) tedious and annoying. Dogfighting feels like a mix of quick-time events and on-rails shooter, helicopters are a struggle and there's little to no difference in changing the mouse sensitivity in the options. All in all they do work, but feels like the game could have been better should a more sensitive control and gameplay choices have been implemented.I soldiered on for a few missions to get some achievements and see where the story's going, but no, just no. The icing on the cake is a mission where at one point you have to bomb some underground ICBMs, yet the camera angle won't let you properly see where you're supposed to aim and you can't change it. Why would you need to see your targets anyway, right ?LATER EDIT: I did get past it eventually, after a lot of trial and error, but this could've been more fun and less annoying than it actually was.To be fair, it's not all bad. Some of the missions (or at least parts of them) are fun and engaging, once you get more comfortable with handling the aircraft, the graphics are ok and it runs well (bar some screen flickering in one of the missions - the one in Dubai). The story is your typical save the world type of thing, but the cutscenes and pilot / military chatter do a good job of getting you into it. However, considering how annoying it can get, I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,228400,12962645,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,gh05t,One of few ariel combat games that don't belong to hardcore similatots. You dont need a 50 page tutorial to play.+ Good planes+ Helicopters+ Good graphics- More console oriented gameplay/controls- Scripted gamepley.A PC version should be more flexible on controls.
,Recommended,228400,11401775,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Franc[e]sco | install gentoo,saw cute anime girls on the planesinstantly bought the game10/10 I have no regrets
76561198006252224,Not Recommended,228400,23891860,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Uaschitschun,"/this game in a nutshell: press x to make a ""OMG WATCH THIS"" maneuvre, play minigame ""keep an object within a circle"", woah, ka-blam, burning fighter hull flying towards you/I hate writing negative reviews, and usually just forget about the game it didn't like, but this time it was a real disappointment(or, as they like to say in the net, a nuke-grade b**thurt)Maybe I should have read reviews of other people before purchasing it, but you know, summer sale makes people blind. I've seen that the ""red line of hate"" under this game description is menacingly long, but I assumed that be the result of ""virtual pilots'"" attack(you know, those guys who think it's wise to compare simarcade with microsoft flight simulators).. Wish I knew how wrong I was...You have totally NO CONTROL over your aircraft. Damn, you can't do even the most basic barrel roll here by yourself! Roll rate is limited to 90* - you can't position your plane upside down(if you don't make a vertical turn, of course, but in that case, lol, you can't position your plane normally).  And dogfight mode.... Well, AI complete takes away control  from you, while you play stone age-old arcade ""keep an object within a circle"", with high chances to hit the buildings/ground due to autopilot's ultimate stupidity.The closest rival of this game was the HAWX(i played the first part, which was older than AC-EE). People blamed it for being too simple. Damn, there the dogfight mode counterpart had some challenge, as VR drew you optimal path to target which was often challenging to follow, there bots couldn't evade a radar guided missile with help of (wtf?!) IR flares, enemy fighters were approaching from OUTSIDE the map(while here they just randomly spawn on the battlefield, sometimes even right behind your tail), you could command you wingmen and(oh-miracle!) they would actually SHOOT DOWN something or clear your 6, flying over even a single SAM battery POSED some danger and well, stalling a plane meant ""omg, I'm gonna crash, level out the plane"" and not just falling down vertically... And UBISOFT considered it a failure! And what's more, they refunded the players' purchses!I heard many good things about ACE COMBAT series, but... well, at least this game didn't fulfill even 20% of my expectations. I wanted to play some fun arcade sim for lazy aviation enthisiasts, and what I got was an aerial call of duty.(yeah, if you played CoD you will constantly having deja vu feeling... Ultranationalist takeover in russia, chopper gunner shooting everything that moves gets blown up with a nuke, ""AC-130, don't shoot the church.. oh, sorry, ancient ruins!"")Congrats if you read this far"
76561198061257852,Recommended,228400,11788869,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Stahl Senpai™,"I don't know about you, but I love killing rebel russian forces in a hot pink F-22 Raptor."
,Not Recommended,228400,29512207,Posted: 26 January,all,snowman,Not the ace combat I remember. Damn turret sections.
,Not Recommended,228400,11382112,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jack9579,"I personally hate this game, though I loved the series.  The helicopter missions, the dog fighting mode, and the story all contributed to my dislike.  I loved the previous games, I've been playing Ace Combat games since I was a kid and love them.  I think they should return to their roots.  HAWX 1 is probably the best arcade flight combat game on steam right now.  If you want something more realistic DCS World is an amazing combat simulator."
76561198014872152,Recommended,228400,8686976,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Rexking,"One of the best Ace Combats by far. The new system makes dogfighting incredibly interesting compared to the old more sluggish and underwhelming system that relied too much on the story and less in the gameplay. I'd say the story was good, but the older ace combats, specially 4 and 5 had a better story."
,Recommended,228400,29509590,Posted: 26 January,all,Nash,"done with this, now brace yourself for upcoming Ace Combat 7 :)"
76561198079890854,Recommended,228400,11571509,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,OpticDuckling,Not the same Ace Combat i grew up with but still a fun flight game to play the story is normal 'merica kills terrorists but other than that and Dog fight mode its relatively the same game as before.
,Not Recommended,228400,11491841,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,lawlcrackers,"Story line isn't very engaging. Don't expect a flight simulator or anything, they have made the controls even simplier than previous games too. It was already simple though. What you get: A stupidly easy way to fly some aircraft, the ability to barrel roll in helicopters, a bombing run in a B2 or B1, a dull story, lots of explosions. Worth $7.50 (sale price) but not full price.Go play Ace Combat 4 instead."
,Recommended,228400,67203,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,RvB Caboose,"The Ace Combat series is in my top 5 gaming series icons of all time. Since Ace Combat 1 for the Playstation. There is Ace Combat 1,2,3,4,5,0,X, and a couple others out there I'm sure I've played. Every one is atleast a 7/10, and worth your time. This one: 7.5/10"
76561198015550273,Recommended,228400,2990227,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,WhiteWolf[+],THIS GAME  BUG ALL THE TIME
,Recommended,228400,1943743,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,CipherZR032,"A fun, fast paced aerial combat game that has a bit of history behind the series. I played  the original Ace Combat game, Air Combat which was developed for the Playstation 1 back in 1995. It has been interesting seeing the additions added over the years, not just an improvement of graphics but also gameplay features, an expanding storyline and interesting fictional aircraft. This current Ace Combat has deviated slightly from most of the others by being set in the real world with a different fictional backdrop as well as removing most of the fictional technology seen in the earlier games but is still a great addition to the series.On the whole i think this game is worth playing, there are many highly detailed aircraft to choose from and not just the fighters this time round, bombers and helicopter gunships are available to choose from too adding to the diversity of the game.----------------------------------------------------------------------Decided to play this again tonight after months and months of inactivity on it, and just wow.I've been playing a few other games alot recently, Elite Dangerous, Vector Thrust, as well as a bit of Gmod with friends, along with a few others, but nothing for me plays quite so intense and fast paced as this game.The downside is, the rarity of other players and the inablity to start a match with just AIs.If only more gamers were also aircraft enthusiasts then this wouldn't be a problem. We might also have more Ace Combat games on PC too if this were the case, as a larger player population would result in more income for the company from people buying them.Im going to try logging in from time to time a bit more to see if anyone else does, will be prioritising Capital Conquest.A warning and a tip to other players, I dogfight classic style so don't expect any alert from dfm activating, only the RWR going off from missile locks if im in the match. Just be glad the guns are almost useless without DFM or I'd most likely manage a quicker fight in a tight turn, though I can still use the Railgun on the CFA-44 for close in encounters. :DI find it more fun this way as theres no computer assist involved and as a long time fan of the series. In fact probably the first game I ever played was Air Combat on the PS1 many years ago.PS wish there was an ingame mic mute option as i can't use skype if i play this game or other players get half of a conversation spamming down their headset :(Also if you have rudder pedals with toe brakes, they go mad in the menu and constantly make it scroll with no way to disable it."
76561198097193413,Recommended,228400,9994221,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Skodanx,"While the gameplay is a lot of fun, the story is as typical as it can get. Some rebel group in the Middle East/Africa is supported by a Russian mercenary group that somehow manages to spark a Russian civil war, now how many times have you heard that ? It's bad enough Namco would think that moving from our beloved Strangereal to real world is a good idea and now they can't come up with a better plot ? Come on guys ! Aside from that i enjoy it. All the mission is a lot of fun and DFM and ASM, although making the game looks like and on-rail shooter is fun enough. The helicopters and bomber mission is a good improvement and it doesn't make the game repetitive which is a good thing. Multiplayer is...well...chaotic, but still fun. Another thing i like is that they included homage to the previous Ace Combat, although the console version gets it as DLCs.Overrall 7/10 it's a good game, but not a good Ace Combat game.ps.sorry for my english, it's not my native language."
76561197998679735,Recommended,228400,1840206,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Snuggler,"Do not buy this.ace combat 4, 5 and 0 were great.... this is not. more than half the game feels like its on rails... because it is.even in dog fights, half the enemies you come across cannot be shot down. you may score a hit but they are invulnerable. you have to enter ""DFM"" (rail mode) to be able to shoot them down. even in DFM they will avoid your missiles over and over until you are in the right section of the choreographed roller-coaster, then, then you may shoot them down.controls are awful. there are sections when you walk around the airbase (on rails). you can control your characters head... but why? there is nothing to look at except badly animated characters and poor texturing.selecting your aircraft? you had better just remember what they look like because the aircraft  menu makes you load to another screen just to check the paint scheme. BUT WHY? the hangar menu from the previous games was great.and if these things werent bad enough! it requires GAMES FOR WINDOWS LIVE.why did you make this namco? i want my money back."
,Recommended,228400,536089,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,fisk0,"The single player campaign is too Call of Dutyified for it's own good, with too many scripted moments and a truly horrible AC 130 mission. It does still have some great moments though, but where the game really shines is in it's Capital Conquest multiplayer mode, a large scale battle where all classes of aircraft are necessary. There are also co-op, deathmatch and domination modes."
,Recommended,228400,11436121,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,vfcoelho18.2,"The best dogfight simulator so far in my opinion.I have been playing Ace Combat series since Ace Combat 2 for PS1 and I haven't found a better simulator!Sure they made some mistakes in this new title, but it's not like the game is unplayable, like Ace Combat 4 was (their first PS2 title). Many companies have problems when launching a game for the first time in a new platform. I also think the story was the worst so far and they should make the other missions optional, such as chopper and gunship, as this is not the focus of the game. Plus, the game is relatively short compared to other Ace Combat titles.But this is still a pretty dam good simulator! DFM doesn't make things worst, people just don't like changes. And it's very nice to play online too! It adds a nice innovating mechanic to the game.Totally worth it, specially when it;s 75% off!I have this game now for PS3 and for PC =D(some will say I'm stupid because of that, but I don't care, I really like this game)"
,Recommended,228400,2144767,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,John Mirra,It's like story-based porn starring jets and helicopters. ♥♥♥♥ing helicopters.
,Not Recommended,228400,14928156,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bash,"Yet another console port to completely waste your money on. I've spent about 10 minutes in-game and over an hour trying to find a solution to it just crashing as soon as you gain control in the first mission.Tried disabling the steam overlay, running in a window, verifying cache, reinstalling, and any other fix that I could find out there. This is far from the first time I've been completely ripped off, I've got at least 4 or 5 games I really want to play in my steam inventory that are crippled by excessive DRM or constant crashes... So no thanks, I'll just replay one of the great Ace Combat games for PS2."
,Recommended,228400,11444636,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eliminator,Get it on saleGet F-4 Phantom IIColor 3SAAMsCrush the weak in MPHave a good time10/10
,Not Recommended,228400,9718903,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,King Of Pilots,"Did you grow up to pilot awesome jet planes? This game is for you. Do you want to pass 50 hours to know every swtich to pilot a plane in a 100% realystical physics engine? This game isnt for you.Do you want to shoot down planes watching the pilots eject or be thrown out because of the plane going in a spin? Do you want to BBRRRRRRRT enemies on the ground? Do you enjoy playing fun games that allow you to pilot the most gorgeous planes ever made in FullHD and high res skins? THEN THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST!WELL THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THIS GAME, THAT I CANNOT PLAY ANYMORE BECAUSE ANY KIND OF INPUT IT'S MESSED UP. YOU WANT TO USE THE XBOX CONTROLLER? TOO BAD IT SCREWS UP ALL CONTROLS!YOU WANT TO USE THE KEYBOARD? NO CAN DO PAL!I LOVE ACE COMBAT, AND I CAN'T PLAY IT BECAUS THE DEVS WON'T EVER MAKE A SMALL PATCH TO MAKE IT COMPATIBLE WITH WINDOWS 10 OR WHATEVER IS MAKING MY GAME BEHAVE LIKE IT'S DRUNK. I'M BEYOND MAD, I'M FURIOUS OVER THE COMPLETELY DESPICABLE SUPPORT THIS GAME AND THIS SERIES IS GETTING."
76561198031707620,Not Recommended,228400,9760814,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,CookedUnit,"It's crap... I only spent 7 dollars to buy it but would really like my money back plus the 36 minutes I spent ""playing"" this terrible excuse for a game. I suppose if your 14 years old and playing your playstation it would seem like a half decent piece of software, but if you older than 14, value a dollar and your time, and have any self respect you would not purchase..Seriously, go play Warthunder instead :)"
,Recommended,228400,13599739,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OJ Saltson,Great game for jet-aviation enthusiasts.
76561197983672075,Not Recommended,228400,11720328,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DaetherX,"DO NOT BUY if you're a fan ""Ace Combat"" games.This is not an ""Ace Combat"" game.I'd give this game a 3/10 solely for visuals, the full ability to rebind keys, and the fact it recognizes a gamepad plugged in and you can set and use any input devices it recognizes on the fly if you feel the need to switch between a gamepad to the keyboard and mouse or whatever. I found everything else poor.In my opinion this game is the Silent Hill 4, or Final Fantasy 13 of the series. The point where successfull great games and IP's become multi-million dollar + countless man-hour spent on making something that betray long time fans and are bad games on their own. I often wonder if such horrible games are the developers answer to the few people who griped about how bad certain aspects of previous good games were.Here are the reasons why I think this is a bad game:The controls for this game are absolutely horrible. I thought the $35 price point dropped instead of $50 would be worth the inclusion of random helicopters and stuff, but no. I looked at a review on IGN and I'm a fan of Ace Combat games so I thought ""Hey why not give it a chance, they switched a little gameplay between the other ones I have, and they turned out really well!"".I was wrong. You're fighting the controls in this game every single second. In 4, 5, and Zero the games had VERY GOOD controls that actually did what you wanted and nothing else and flowed really well. After beating those on normal difficulty setting and got skilled I beat them on Ace mode.In this game there's twitchy controls that roll too much, and do nothing when I need to, often at the same time in logic paradox ways. Your personal skill or strategy has very little do with success in missions.Instead of being an arcade-y aircraft game like all the previous ones, it's an On Rails Shooter and the controls similar to previous AC games are just to get you on the rails and used to fool you into buying the game. It's more like a series of quicktime events than anything else.Dogfight Mode has caused me to crash into the ground more times than all the previous titles combined! It will shove you out of DFM randomly sometimes and since many planes go down near the ground when you enter DFM this often leads to heavy damage or death. In the one or two missions with bad weather it's very confusing, as if flying in a storm wasn't disorienting enough. When in Dogfight Mode the camera has a tendency to shake violently the whole time which is hard to look at, and a serious health hazard to anyone who has even the slightest epilepsy or proneness to limb twitching/ convulsions. I'm also glad I don't get sea/car sick because I'm sure I'd have vomited many times by now.Missiles only 1/100 actually hit what you fire at, except in Dogfight Mode, not even the QAAM's which in previous titles were sure hits you saved for enemy aces, nor the SAAM's while having a lock on them the whole time.This is especially bad in the missions to kill enemy bombers which should be easy targets but you still have to enter Dogfight Mode and hit them with half a dozen missiles, even though your allies SAY they'll take out fighter escorts they don't actually do anything helpfull.Enemies are often invincible and not even targetable until you're told to attack them, even though they are already firing at you and your allies, some of them mission critical allies. Even after you are told you can attack them, ground/sea targets are often still invincible unless you enter the bombing run version of Dogfight Mode.One bomber aircraft mission is nothing but that, and it interupts you with ""tutorial tips"" that take control away from you in the middle of a bombing run making you unable to hit the targets causing you to fail the mission over and over.In the ""gunner"" missions where you man the heli gatlin or that huge planes cannons you are fighting the controls to aim at what you're supposed to be hitting because the targets are outside the edge of where you can shoot most of the time.Dodging missiles is difficult because there's hardly a second in the game that you aren't hearing MISSLE MISSILE MISSILE MISSILE (repeat constantly for hours). Flares appear to do nothing whatsoever, not that you can tell when you NEED to use them because of the previous thing, and have a ridiculous reload time. The only mission I noticed Flares actually save me is the above paragraphs bombing mission where you choose between the 117 or the B2 bomber both of which can spam flares and have dozens of flares.The bigger map radar you can switch to shows an area MUCH larger than the actual mission area, and enemies and allies are a worthless blob of colored dots mushed together in a small portion of it.Once an enemy is on your tail in their Dogfight Mode there's no way to shake them except by spamming the DFM button. It tells you to slow down and when there's two icons overlapped to level out... Gee! Okay! I'll just level out and allow the enemy to lock on while my allies are worthless and do nothing while I take several more missiles and die repeatedly! There's a hard to explain thing where you slow down and speed up to get the icons to overlap so you can press the DFM button.TOO MANY of the respawn checkpoints in air-to-air missions start out with a head on squadron of enemies already locked onto you. It's difficult not to get hit right from the start.There's also no mission briefings. The previous games had great mission briefing scenes and screens. You get no information past a little place with two words above where you select your aircraft on whether it will be air-air, air-ground, or whatever. And even that is no real indication of what you might be facing or are expected to do. The couple cutscenes that look like mission briefings give no real information, they just take several minutes to say ""hey these are the bad guys, and look at the bomb we're looking for"" all of which you already knew, the end, pick a plane.The ""story"" for this game is weak and sparse, and in most of the cutscenes there's button presses and looking around for no good reason relevant to story or gameplay. No outcome of the story or cutscene changes based on where you look or if you press a button or not. It's their way of saying ""we know alot of you have ADD so press this button, monkeys"".I might actually like this game if they called it ""Desert Strike: Subtitle"" (remember that game series for the Genesis which included Jungle Strike and Urban Strike?) and only had helicopter missions with the controls from this game. If they improved the camera angles - specifically the lag in cockpit view between looking in a direction and actually turning that way and a further up and back outside the heli view. And if they improved the weapons - you can't see individual targets until you're right on top of them and can't do anything intelligent like firing from maximum range - the 4AGM refuses to have a set target lock so you often waste missiles while strafing unless you sit still taking fire while trying to fire them at specific targets. Minus the annoying physics defying barrel rolls.That's it. End of my review of the problems with this game.Edit: I'm adding that I played this on the medium difficulty ""Pilot"" and turned the controls to ""Original"" AC mode and did not use Flight Assist which I'm not sure what that even does as I never noticed any difference in how the planes handled. I was using a gamepad to play the entire game. I did play this game all the way through because I liked the previous games so much I thought I'd see it through just in case it ever got good. It didn't."
76561198016739532,Not Recommended,228400,11044241,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chaser Zulu,"Ace Combat Assault Horizon (ACAH)I really dig flight simulators, especially flight simulators of military aircraft.  I'm a fan of Microsoft Flight Simulator and am also a fan of the techno thriller genre from Ace Combat series or the great Tom Clancy HAWX games.  Yes, I get that Ace Combat (or even HAWX) is scarecly a ""flight simulator"", but I also frame these flying games in the realm of flying exotic (and highly classified) aircraft on a console or PC.The Good:  Flying military aircraft on highly classified if not outright impossible missions.  The developers here did an outstanding job of replicating the aircraft inside and out!  You even fly an Apache and as a gunner on the side of a Blackhawk.  Graphics during the cutscenes are awesome!  Even shooting down some of the enemy aircraft are eyecatching events with the oil splattering and aircraft breaking apart.The Bad:  Why the developers strayed from a winning formula is beyond me.  It would seem that they tried to combine a flying game with a fighting game (think Afterburner meets Mortal Kombat).  There's only one way to destroy certain enemies and that's to engage them up close and fly low to the ground with the cinematography of a Braveheart or Gladiator swordfighting scene.  To escape some of the missiles, you need to pay attention to two arrows lining up.  Basically, they tried to hard to make this game stand out.  Controlling the Apache or the Blackhawk gunner was clumsy.The Ugly:  Interesting story...from what I know of it.  The game play is awful!  So awful, that I couldn't trudge through it and get immersed in the game.  It pains me to say this as I love these types of games, and wanted to love this game so much as I've loved the other Ace Combat games.   The voice acting (or the script) needed work but it wasn't terrible.  Like other flying games, even the good ones, your missions require you to fly against a numerically superior air force.  Thankfully, your aircraft carries a numerically superior amount of missiles.  IMHO, this ""numerically superior aircraft vs you and your missiles"" theme leads to repetitive and quickly boring gameplay.  It didn't help that some of the missions dragged on adding little if any value to the overall story!It breaks my heart to do this, but no....I cannot recommend ACAH.  If you get it for free, then maybe.  But no, I can't recommend this game especially since it doesn't even approach the standards of Ace Combat Fires of Liberation."
,Recommended,228400,16492298,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,✮197✮Jackeh,"For all Ace Combat fans, it's still a worth it dogfight game."
,Recommended,228400,17064750,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ze Casual Doktor,"YES, i played the older gemes!YES, i loved the older games!and YES I LOVE THIS GAME ASWELL!!!"
76561198030245978,Recommended,228400,23948461,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BrowncoatTrekky,"It is worth a buy when on sale. When I played the game it felt like I was being directed where to shoot all the time. Follow-through cinematics for downing a plane while beautiful were reptetive. However, what I most enjoyed was how you do get the vantage of fighting an air war from varying perspectives. If you like Cold War stories, this storyline is pretty average. So why the positive review? The soundtrack for the game is amazing. It really gets you in that mood of 'fighting the good fight.' Graphics based on system requirements in my opinion are amazing, and much of the locations you fight in are authentic and allows you to explore with ease. Fighting AI presents an adequate challenge, but was hoping for multiplayer... it promises one but virtually non-existent when I bought it.To sum up: Worth a buy when on sale (below $10 USD). If you are looking for a laxed simulator that is action packed with a killer soundtrack, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,228400,11458530,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Defender,Dangerzone.
,Recommended,228400,11464356,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Lieutenant Laughter,BUY IT NOW! AMAZING GAME!
76561198116919094,Recommended,228400,11485107,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,jacksongeorgea,I lost my contrack for this game. Can you help me get It back. I will buy It.
76561198030031049,Recommended,228400,11453600,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,KaanBabaBurda,"An alternative version for H.A.W.X. with some additional content such as piloting apaches,using gunships etc.Very good choice of soundtracks and perfect script.I havent tried multiplayer choices,yet singleplayer is fantastic so you wouldn't be mad to buy it. Graphics are not perfect,but it's not bad either. Dogfights are the real joy of the game. 8/10 for me"
76561198014326048,Recommended,228400,11419737,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,BlackbirdFrost,"I love the Ace Combat series. AC6 was by far my favorite Xbox 360 title. Much as I wish Namco-Bandai would port that one over to PC, this game makes for an adequate substitute.At first I was a little upset about dog fight mode (a semi auto-pilot mode that for the most part keeps up with high-maneuverable enemies automaticlally while you just and and shoot at them), but after a while I realized; 1) It does have it's drawbacks, such as making it more difficult to evade missiles; and 2) You don't ~have~ to use it.Keyboard crontrols are pretty terrible for me. Thankfully I have an Xbox One controller, making the experience pretty much identicle to AC6 on the 360. The only difference (and a negative one in my opinion) is the absence of ""Low-G Turning"". The default controls can be set to classic style, which I've done being an Ace Combat veteran. I can't help but feel classic style should have been the default - a very minor gripe.The story is set in the real world, which I think was a bit of a mistake on Namco-Bandai's part. I'm not incredibly deep into it yet, so I can't comment on whether it's good or not.Overall, if you like the Ace Combat series,..well...this is an Ace Combat game. You'll probably like this one too. Still crossing my fingers for the slim-to-none chance they decide to bring AC6 to the PC."
76561198132633245,Recommended,228400,11456332,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ShreddedPaper,LOVE THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,228400,11468225,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Turbo Pascal,"Even though the gameplay is quite mediocre, lack of storywriting, and its sick DFM and ASM mode.I would like to recommend there are enjoyable soundtracks of and the aircraft skins/paintjobs."
,Not Recommended,228400,9741966,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ronwe,"As a fan of the old figher plane classics, F-15, Mig-29 Fulcrum, F-22 Ligtning, when I saw this game I was almos extatic. Afte one hour and a half of playing it... I find it quite disappointing. This is no simulator. This is at best an arcade game featuring planes, helicopters and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Russians. I'm sorry for my money."
,Not Recommended,228400,12968458,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Reverend D,"The first time I played the series was at a local Sears Playstation display while my mother was shopping. Believe it was just Air Combat back then. A couple years later they had Ace Combat 2 on demo and 10 minutes of play had me hooked for life. Ace Combat 3, 4 and 5 were fantastic when they integrated voice commands (fairly new to PS2 at the time) and every game seemed to be more fun and challenging than the last.Then I bought this piece of steaming horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ and said goodbye to the franchise forever. It takes a very special game to ruin an entire franchise for a lifelong fan."
,Recommended,228400,8585098,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Milas60,Afterburners
76561198006718794,Recommended,228400,9720608,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Slave Knight Dale,"The included IDOLMASTER plane skins really make the game worth every penny, this additional content is the best thing since baseball."
,Recommended,228400,9825619,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,GHoooSTS,aec combart; planefighter 3fly ur plane around and punch ppl outpretty good 7/10
,Not Recommended,228400,17729426,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,d_ion,"Tried running this again, but no... it still puts me off.This game would be better off as a movie, 'cause doing any actual flying here is not entertaining in the least. And it's a bad thing for an arcade it is.Controlling planes and gunning down enemies just feels like a labour.(Graphics and effects are nice though. What a waste...)Overall - just no."
76561198116417266,Recommended,228400,28664653,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Last Seleucid,"This is game is very engaging, and all the more so if you're a fan of contemporary martial aviation. The graphics are great, which does nothing to harm the feel of flying a decent selection of different air craft from different parts of the world in either third person or♥♥♥♥♥♥pit mode. I'm a big fan of Russian war planes, and this game delivered for me from the MiG-29 to the Su-35 and 37. If you like F-22s and F-15/16s and stuff, or are into European advanced fighters like the Raphael or Eurofighter or something, it will suit you fine as well.The feel of the controls took time for me to get used to, as it's a strange way of doing a flying game for me. I found myself making customized controls for some time before i found something I got comofortable with. Also, I take issue with the apparent need to go into this close-up cinematic combat flight mode that becomes an important part of the cmapaign very often; sort of takes away from the advanced manuevering skills players need to hone that come with just flying around shooting hostiles in air to air dog fights with no assistance but a radar lock. It seems somewhat optional otherwise, as the game has plenty of hostiles that can be taken out in the more fun manner of dogfighting.I'd give this game either a 7/10 or an 8/10; depends on how much you're into contemporary dogfights and military aircraft stuff. It's pretty cinematic, sometimes the levels can be a little boring or reptative, but the flights themselves are still pretty cool."
76561198054455365,Recommended,228400,11403260,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Unseen,"Highly polished Jet action, with a thin Single Player and fun Multiplayer. Well worth the money when purchased 75% off.Great fans of the series may consider this a spin-off rather than a 'classic' Ace Combat game, and they would be right. With  the addition of Dogfight Mode the creators clearly tried to make a more visceral, cinematic experience, and they did succeed in that regard. Only after playing this game did I realize that the previous iterations in the series often reduced you to repetitive battles against large collections of HUD indicators, but here the designers have tried to get the action as in-your-face as possible. You can see what you are fighting, what your weapons are doing to it. The camera shows your plane in all it's glory, missiles launching, bomb bays opening and guns firing. This is the best-looking Ace Combat yet.Complaints about this game being the Call of Duty of the series mostly stem from the storyline, which hits all the appropriate but tired old cliche's. The story is set in the real world rather than the 'Strangereal' alternate reality of previous installments, seemingly to make the story more realistic and relatable. But it is sadly not exploited to the fullest. All characters and factions could as well have been their Strangereal analogues, making the choice to do a standard 'America vs rogue Russians' setup all the more puzzling. The only real benefits from this new setting are the locations (beautiful renditions of several cities) and the use of proper markings on the aircraft. Otherwise, both setting and story seem underused yet at the same time conspire to make the Singleplayer Campaign dull and the characters (while animated and voiced acted well) undeveloped.As far as equal gender representation goes, a grand total of 1 (one) woman is present. She may be considered part of the main cast and is portrayed as a strong, mature female person amongst the group of male characters. Sadly she is the playable character only once during the story, and in the end is reduced to the 'female admiration reward' without the writers even bothering to introduce a proper romantic subtext.The multiplayer is what will ultimately redeem this game for many people. It is well designed and fun to play, the designers clearly made a good effort to make this more than a simple tack-on deathmatch with a couple of maps. Multiple modes are available, and there are rankings, call signs, aircraft and perks to be unlocked. Certainly one of the best mutiplayer modes for a flight sim I've ever seen.Even if you already own this game on console (as I do), the improved graphics, added planes and skins and the ability to use a proper flight stick make this worth it. If you still need ancoragement, think about this: the game, when discounted, probably costs less than all the DLC you would need to buy for the console version to get the same content."
,Not Recommended,228400,15591506,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nimrod,"I got this game based on positive opinons on the series as a whole. Flying was good, DFM was okay, the turret section was boring, the plot was generic in subject matter and execution, and the helicopter mission's controls and level design were so awful that I stopped playing there.I don't understand the principle of cashing in and taking inspiration from Call of Duty, because all of the people that like COD are already dedicated to COD. Also, the Ace Combat series has a smaller audience that didn't appreciate the casualization of their series, so reviews and sales weren't good as it failed to appeal to a larger fanbase. Maybe I'll play this again, but it would have to take some real boredom for me to reach down to the bottom of the barrel that is my Steam Library."
,Recommended,228400,7542154,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,wellen1981,"Ace Combat on the PC finally, in 1080p no less! Fox-1 indeed..."
76561197982227469,Not Recommended,228400,11424777,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,DMminion,"As a formor huge fan of ace combat games, this shot don't everything I was hoping for. This is the least realistic Ace combat I've ever tried(and the default ""helpful"" turning is horrible, but can be turned off, for more realistic flying) and finally you can fly a chopper...  But the chopper physics are more or less unexisting and horrible controls.(stupid that bf3/4 have such better chopper physics and controls, when its per se is originally just a FPS shooter game)Then I quit the game and uninstalled..Unbelieveble that Ace Combat were so good at flight games back in the days of consoles and have sunken to this level. :/"
76561198021634641,Recommended,228400,11417858,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,glennonlafaber,Best air combat game ever! Keeps me awake all nite.
,Recommended,228400,11395906,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Blue ★ Striped Panties,You might want to call Kenny Loggins before playing this game.
,Not Recommended,228400,33681012,Posted: 20 July,all,Ace,"This is a far cry from the Ace Combat's of old. Far too serious, artificial difficulty introduced by this awful dogfight mode (which they FORCE you to use at every oppotunity). Do not buy."
,Recommended,228400,11444352,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SHODAN,"holy ♥♥♥♥ dis game is like all up in your face like topgun style like you got these mother♥♥♥♥ing mig ands♥♥♥♥♥♥and you just ♥♥♥♥ing pull a f-14 and do sum crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing flip AND BAM you shoot the ♥♥♥♥ers down with sum goddamn missilesalso you have like 100 missiles so go ahead and blow as many russians as you wantthe plot of the game is pretty generic, it's about russians being evil and america being the good guy as usualprevious fans of the ace cumbat series should stay away from this game as it strays far away from the flight sim genere cuz its got this dfm♥♥♥♥♥♥which stands for dog fight mode, where basically in the mp mod you always get counter and ♥♥♥♥ed in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with missiles in less than 0.00001 seconds because of some♥♥♥♥♥♥ or whatever, i dont know, anyways the times when your oppent isnt hacking with hacks or just plain really skilled at the game, you can shoot people down with an average of 2 missiles, or if youre really cool, you can go, GUNSGUNSGUNS and just shoot them out of the sky top guns stylebuy it while it's on sale cuz it's a damn good game, 5 bucks for all this cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ yeah ""insert racist term here*!8.5/10"
76561198268497082,Recommended,228400,27772756,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Excalibur,This game is really awesome! It would be better if you play with the xbox controller.
76561198315149873,Recommended,228400,27773526,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DogSpit,"This is a pretty good game for the sale price of $3.99 and I would have gladly paid more. The storyline is somewhat okay and the graphics blow me aay considering how old of a game it is at this point. The gameplay is a little bit sketchy to the nostalgic player though. The controls feel on the rails even with ""original"" controls enabled but the graphics are truly stunning and the way the gae has you play really shows off those sexy textures which makes sense. All in all I really like the game as a casual 'whip it out on ocasion' kind of game but in general its nothing to brag home about. All that being said I would suggest buying this game next time you see it on sale. It is well worth the money.-DogSpit"
,Not Recommended,228400,15233386,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,bartmoss,"It's just not a good game - unless you want an extremely silly arcade-like shooter with quicktime events and rail elements. It's a shame, because the graphics are great and it feels like they could have really made something out of this with better game designers. Oh well."
,Recommended,228400,9755745,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"I have always been a huge fan of the Ace Combat series, but this game is a huge let-down.  I will disagree that the DFM system is necessary to take down the Target Leads like many of the other reviews have stated, but the enemy forces the mode far too frequently to be realistic or to make the harder difficulties even remotely enjoyable.Attempting to bait enemies away from a furball is next to impossible unless they are not a main target.  Main targets remained locked together in a mess on one side of the battlefield and you are forced to go into it to get anything done and that results in constant missile dodging and lock-ons from the enemy and being forced into DFM by two enemies at a time at every moment.  The AI pilots on your side are useless and pretty much never get kills or even assist in combat, unlike in HAWX.  Their only purpose is as a distraction for the enemy and they don't even do that well.In general, I enjoyed the game up until the obvious betrayal of the Russians.  Many reviewers have said that the storyline is forgettable, but, again, I would have to disagree.  While predictable, the story should interest anyone with a good understanding of military and how warfare is engaged in.  The multiplayer seems to be where this game shines and what it was intended for, because I am completely finding the campaign difficult to enjoy solo.  Perhaps in co-op it would be more fun.A patch to the AI is definitely necessary to enjoy the campaign in this game.  Fortunately, playing multiplayer seems to feel like a much more realistic combat scenario than the BS you go through in the campaign storyline.  I will still recommend this game to people.  On lower difficulties, the game is fun and worth going through, but since higher difficulties are necessary for some of the unlocks, you won't be able to get everything like that.  Multiplayer will be a rewarding experience all around, though more people need to buy into the game so that there is more population available for multiplayer."
,Recommended,228400,8888390,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TiK_Res3revd,Ace Combat Assualt Horizons is an Amazing game. You dont entriely have to be into aircraft as such to play it and enjoy it. The game revolves anround basic yet enchanced Dogfighting with easy to use and simple interface that anyone who hasn't played an Ace Combat Game can pick up whether it's a controller or the keyboard and become at one with the mecahnics of the game.
76561197975049226,Not Recommended,228400,17033010,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,freebirth,"DO NOT BUY THISit is completely broken.if it launches, everythign is buggy. crashes often. and is impossible to actually play.and ot add insult, they designed it ZERO controler support beyond the xbox controler.. because i totally bought a flight game to use a gamepadand not my joystick and throttle...DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,228400,29644650,Posted: 2 February,all,mariachi plata,"A terrible iteration of the series with really no positive attributes other than the graphics.Terrible controls, on rails dog fighting and mission design."
,Recommended,228400,29798054,Posted: 9 February,all,Bamberooni,HELICOPTER FLIPS
76561198017768034,Not Recommended,228400,17974438,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Leighroy,"This is awful. Silly arcade game cashing in on previous Ace Combat titles. Daft mechanics, not a sim. Childs game.It makes me sad - Ace Combat used to be so awesome, AC4 on the PS2 was legendary. This is dross.Avoid4/10"
,Recommended,228400,11393635,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Thinkpadius {R},"I finished this game and I enjoyed myself.  Here's why:* Arcade style gameplay.  I wasn't looking for a simulator, and this game allowed me to learn to play quickly.* Pick-up-and-play.  Menus weren't a pain to navigate, missions lasted long enough to feel satisfying, but not so long that they interfered with the other things I have to do in life.* Good graphics. They're not 4k graphics, but the game does look great with it's combination of textures and lighting.* HUD and UI. The targeting system was good. You can identify enemies, you can spot allies. I don't know if there's a colorblind mode though.* When you get close to certain targets while dogfighting, the game will switch into a fast paced chase mode. It's really fun, but there's a small learning curve.  I thought it made the game more cinematic while still keeping gameplay intact.* I enjoyed the story. I'm sure there are points against it, but I'm glad the story didn't take itself too seriously while still retaining the drama.* Multiple airplanes, including helicopters. Helicopters flew well. Some planes steered like cows.* Scaling difficulty.  Lots of easy stuff so you feel like a badass, but the game requires more and more skill from the player as the story continues.Like any game, there are some bugs and glitches."
76561198058225278,Recommended,228400,11414227,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ultima Thule,Alot of people like to talk crap about this game.  While I will admit to disliking the forced on rails segments and the over spanming of missiles this game is not all bad.  If the DFM feature had gotten some more polish this game would be alot more fun.
,Recommended,228400,11399361,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,CVRSXD,I bought this game for the Idolm@ster skins
,Not Recommended,228400,29455004,Posted: 23 January,all,nibriddan,"This is a bit of a hard one to recommend as its a mixed bag. I found i enjoyed a lot of the game but there was serveral parts that i think they should have worked on to be better, namely the helicopter parts. These parts were by far the worst part of this this game and they are long and unskippable. There are so really good parts tho, you get turret gameplay sections which are like call of duty modern warfare (firing from an AC130 gun ship). The normal plane sections are quite enjoyable, you can choose from a bunch of aircraft to accomplish your mission, its not all dog fighting, theres also bomber parts."
,Not Recommended,228400,35012499,Posted: 16 September,all,Little Nuts,terrible port  that doesn't allow for GOOD mouse controls. I used to play ACE Combat on my ps2 and remember it being challenging. Play this if you like no entertainment what so ever.
,Recommended,228400,21911953,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jack1,"Ive had it in my library for a while, and i thought id replay it after playing Ace Combat on the Xbox. Its not overly realstic, and its really fun especially in the Dogfight mode and when you shoot an aircraft down. The camera will follow it, making an epic little scene of fire and fun. All in all, for £10, its a really good little arcade timewaster. I love it so far, just wished the multiplayer was a little more active. Ill give it a 9/10"
76561198121661358,Recommended,228400,32827637,Posted: 26 June,all,Froglet,Pretty good game I recommend playing this with a controller instead of Joystick or keyboard. The only other Ace Combat games I've played are on the 3DS (Which is an alternate version of this) and the two PSP games but this game is quite good in my opinion. I'd recommend trying it out seeing as it's $3.99 as of the Steam Summer Sale 2017 you can't go wrong.
76561198044476099,Not Recommended,228400,32603182,Posted: 20 June,all,Fart-Stain,"I found it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to keep trying to ""log-in"" to the game every time I wanted to play. Now, using my password, I can't log-on at all. If it went smothly through steam, I might enjoy it more. But the games play is so jumpy, it's like watching a fight in the Transformers movie, you can't really understand who's winning the fight. I was scammed, from what other AC players and fans have said, I wish that I never wasted the money."
,Not Recommended,228400,14752809,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,booooooob,"When I first played Ace Combat: Assault Horizon, it was the first AC game I had ever played, and I was actually having a pretty good time.  I didn't understand all of the hate that it seemed to get from so many longtime fans of the series!Then I got to the helicopter mission and I understood completely."
,Recommended,228400,15369531,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Joltross,Pros:Adrenaline action gameplay.Amazing OST.Very good graphics.Cons:DFM/ASM can be broken at times.Not much of a community online.Tries too hard to be mainstream.
76561198328909412,Not Recommended,228400,29632817,Posted: 1 February,all,Chuck Testa,"As someone with previous Ace Combat experience, I couldn't even finish playing through the tutorial. The mandatory dogfight mode to take down enemies was a nightmare."
76561198035538002,Not Recommended,228400,29361096,Posted: 19 January,all,-Darthdude-,Utter Utter Utter garbage.
,Recommended,228400,17628251,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ManHunter69,"Bringing up the rage & gore across the world, in the skies, Ace Combat can give you creeps, but also courage in the midair.8/10 - The set of airbattle is intense in dogfighting, from 1st to none."
76561197975194836,Not Recommended,228400,34053955,Posted: 5 August,all,Mage_ofOld,"Overview:An arcade style flight simulation game with bomber, helicopter, and airplane missions.  An extremist Russian group with a new type of bomb threatens the region.  It's up to the American military to neutralize the threat.Pros:Controls: Easy to pick up and fast paced.  There are some interesting airplane gameplay mechanics that adds some variety to the combat.Polish: The game is very playable.  I never ran into glitches or control issues.  It is a complete game with a story and fully voice acted cutscenes.Cons:Story: Very generic.  You will not feel connected the characters or care what is going on in the game.Gameplay: Very simplistic.  If you're a hardcore flight sim buff looking for a challenge this will not be it.  The combat can feel a little repetitive after playing for awhile.Content: Some variety in airplanes you can choose but ultimately there isn't much content in this game.  Only about 10-12 hours of single player gameplay.Conclusion:I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone.  Hardcore flight sim buffs will find this way to arcadey and unrealistic.  Anyone looking for arcade style high intense action will find this lacking and get bored quickly.  There just isn't much good about this game nor is it particularly fun to play.Score: 7.0 / 10"
,Not Recommended,228400,20389785,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Foxa,ACAH is nothing like the old Playstation titles. It plays like an on-rails arcade shooter in the worst possible way -- and that's coming from a Starfox fan who can appreciate a good rail shooter.An autistic Micheal Bay would rate this 10/10
76561198050808958,Not Recommended,228400,15767443,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Insizer,"Quite frankly, it's crap. I loved Ace Combat but this is watered down combat that forces you to use a ridiculous dogfight mode thing to score even one kill. Plus you have even more things that just don't belong in Ace Combat like specialized routes to get faster missle reload times and such... It's just bad."
76561198074945443,Not Recommended,228400,23977843,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MKTerry,"I'll just list off what I liked & disliked, and why.+ Visuals.  While not amazing, they still look a little bit better than Ace Combat 6 (An infinitely better game, go get that for the Xbox 360 instead)- There's no Aircraft and Weapons buying RPG element that I always liked about the old Ace Combat games.  It gave a nice sense of progression and it's sad not to see it here.- DFM.  Basically it automatically tails the target and allows you to shoot or launch missiles at the target.  It's completely unecessary, and sometimes the game won't let you progress until you use it at certain points, not that it would tell you that.(There's a mission where you face an ace and try to defend a jet.  I didn't realize I was supposed to use DFM and trigger a cutscene, so even after I hit the dang guy several times with my missiles I still lost.  Yay.)- Story.  For some reason they decided the best idea would be to transplant the cheesy Ace Combat story into real life, automatically involving real emotions from real people and making it gritty.  I'll be honest, I did not enjoy it at all.It's like the Pierce Brosnan take on James Bond vs Daniel Craig.  James Bond isn't a serious movie series to me, so I enjoyed the former a lot more.  Sidetracking aside, it could do with a little goof to make the game feel better.-Difficulty spikes.  I'm all for having a difficult game (I'm playing on the highest difficulty at the moment) but it comes and goes between so easy you don't have to really pay attention, and 'oh god why are there eight missiles coming at me from every direction'.  It's usually after a cutscene that this happens.  Thankfully usually with a checkpoint.-Small aesthetic points.  One of the fun things about the game series is that you can look around the cockpit at all the details.  With this game that's harder to do, and the planes seem oddly lacking in detail.  You have much less freedom to look around at the panels in your plane.  Yes, maybe this is a small complaint in the scheme of things but it's all the small things that makes the game less enjoyable as a whole.Overall I can't reccomend this game.  If possible, I would go for Ace Combat 4 for the PS2 or Ace Combat 6 for the Xbox 360."
76561198062808510,Recommended,228400,8810259,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Slinger184,"I Totally recomend this game. As a hardcore fan of Ace Combat, i will be the first to admit that this game is very different from the past games in the series and it does take more of a mainstream approach like call of duty, however, the fact that this mainstream approach is being done on a game that is focused on combat flight simulator style of game is something worth seeing and playing. It's fun, distructive, and you still get those awesome vibes that i've felt throughout the whole ace combat series so far. If you are interested in the more traditional Ace Combat  games, there is Ace Combat 4, 5, and zero on PS2 and Ace Combat 6 (my personal favorite of the whole series) on Xbox 360. I give Ace Combat:Assualt Horizon a 4 out of 5 :)BTW, this PC version of the game  is supior to the Xbox 360 version however, this is one fix that u need to do to get this game working right on PC. here is the link and discription of that one fix.http://steamcommunity.com/app/228400/discussions/0/864958088271414103/besides that, this game runs perfectly."
76561198064287860,Recommended,228400,8341489,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Greedy Sheedy,"This game is one of the worst games you are ever likely to play.As you can see my time playing the game is very limited, so some may say this is a very cursory assessment of this game. However the reason is quite simple, I'd rather saw my face off with a shard of glass than waste any more time playing this game. Some games deserve a chance to show you their true worth, this game however needed only '0.5 hours' to make me realise what a hugely regrettable mistake I had made.Basically, the flying mechanices feel like it is Road Rash for the air, although frankly that would be doing a disserivce to Road Rash. But basically, it feels like you are still and the map/environment is coming towards you.I was interested in a co-op dogfighting simulator and when I bagged this in the sales I thought I was onto a winner, alas this turned out to be utterly fallacious. I quickly realised that the developers must have been cackling all the way to the bank and I had been royally bu##ered with my pants firmly around my ankles.If you like having your pants pulled down and being royally buggered, this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,228400,20814196,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RedSerious,"Don't buy it, even if you're a fan I wouldn't recommend you to buy it. Only if it's for less than 3USD or your local currency's equivalent.Why? because ofthis.On my own words, this game went in the wrong direction. It tried to be something it isn't.The game features several mechanisms (minigames) to make it easier or to try to change the formula. The dogfights are part of said minigames (if you don't use the dogfight mode, you're at a very HUGE disavantage), If you don't enter ""ground attack mode""you can't use your A2G missiles. Horse crap.And the stupidity found in certain missions, but that contains spoilers:There's a mission in whichyou have to defend an airfield of being overrrun by tanks and protect the incoming cargo planes of enemy aircraft. The most infuriating part is when you absolutely have to destroy the planes in dogfight-mode before engaging the tanks, or these won't let you do anything. Remember: you have to engage A2G mode to attack the tanks, there'sno way to defend against A2A while in that mode.And, on the final mission, you are supposed to have a 1vs1 fight with your ultra nemesis,however, that nemesis is so OP, he can travel from the ""battlepoint"" where you're supposed to fight him, to where the bombers are located waaaay back in less than a second, you can test that and see that in your minimap. I LOL'd hard when I saw that happening. And of course, you're supposed to take him down in dogfight mode before engaging the bomber that you also have to destroy in dogfight mode.This is the first game that made me RAGEQUIT in single player mode.TL;DR: if you're looking for the classic Ace Combat experience, get it somewhere else. Like from HAWX."
,Not Recommended,228400,27765144,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Simman,"This game does not compare at all to the Ace Combats of old. If you're looking for a quasi-arcade flight combat simulator, keep looking. This game is full on arcade mode. Closer to those On-Rail arcarde shooters than a flight simulator.To top it off, the flight model is just odd. Acceleration and deceleration don't feel natural and the odd FOV messes with my depth perception.Also lol helicopters."
76561197985595122,Not Recommended,228400,29341179,Posted: 18 January,all,-2d- Quagmire,"An absolutely appauling game, even remove the Ace Combat 'expectation' name and it couldn't even stand on it's own two feet.Turret sections, poorly controled helicopter segments that last about 30 minutes! Boring as hell.This game is disgusting."
,Not Recommended,228400,8528383,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SavagePavich,"A rant from an old Ace Combat fanboy.Skip to the bottom to get a summary.I don't know what to say about Assault Horizon.I want to like it, but I just can't bring myself to. Being a Huge Ace Combat fan I was hoping to see past the flaws and enjoy the game for what it is. But god damn, is it awful. I thought Ace Combat 6 was the worst Ace game I've played. This takes the cake, bar none. I take it back, Fire of Liberation!First of all, DFM and Gameplay. I hate DFM. It literally ruins the game for me.Some targets are quite obviously unkillable UNTIL you engage the DFM. Why? You can tell. Any plane with TGT will pop flares endlessly and go from 0 to 60 in 1 second to avoid your conventional missles. This is obviously to get you to use DFM. To force your plane into an often very scripted chase scene. Sure, it looks fantastic. But after the eye-candy wears off it becomes an object of pure annoyance. It takes the feeling of being a Sky-badass away and makes it into a very boring rollercoaster ride. Sometimes you'll be asked to do quick-time events as well. Press W to see something happen! If you don't press that button..nothing happens 9 times outta 10.It's completely pointless.-Second. The missions. Endless waves of very dumb Targets.Now I have no problem with scores of enemies. In fact I love it when AC does that. But when it involves mostly being forced into the ""Bogey on Your Six"" Mini-game (that's incredibly easy to boot) and DFM it really does become painful. There is little variation between the Red targets they throw at you. No enemy chatter, or at least none compelling enough to take note. The whole point of TGT was to make them special targets. Not things you hurtle at the player endlessly like the regular grunts.Missions are split between planes, helicopters and bombing missions now. I can appreciate the variation but the Bombers and Helo missions are terrible linear crap. Not to mention very boring. Blah. Toss those out.-Third. Story.Story isn't the worst thing to this game, even though I dislike the real world setting among other things. I will forgive the very typical Modern Warfare-ish plot as well. Don't expect the typical Ace Combat War drama here. It's nothing out of the ordinary.The characters are likable, albeit forgettable. I didn't quite like having the protagonist blabbering on while I'm playing but that's more of a personal nuisance.-Fourth. DifficultyI can really, really tell they lowered the difficulty of this game. I know previous Ace Combats weren't all that hard to begin with (hence the mega-bosses and tunnel missions) but A.H. really drops the bar. Playing on ""Elite"" is no where nearly challenging. Again, this points back to the various mini-games and the DFM.If you get the hang of the DFM (and you will within 10 minutes) you'll be shooting down the hardest Aces in mere minutes (so long as it's not a scripted event). You can take MULTIPLE missle hits on Elite, to which your plane will seemingly regenerate health. You have unlimited bullets (not like they do anything to begin with) and still have over ONE HUNDRED missiles on Elite.You can almost Bounce off the ground on Elite, something only seen in previous games on the easiest difficulties.-Fifth. PC edition flaws and other crapThe controls are quite awful to get a handle on. You really must have a controller to ""enjoy"" this game because Mouse control won't help in the slightest and trying to fly with the bloody Arrow keys is near impossible. Of course, all to be expected from a Console series.There's no real PC settings to get a hold of. Just resolution, AA and some other things. This was quite sad to see, since adding AA also adds significant lag for what looks to be little difference.Now the game itself looks good. Like DAMN good. They finally made the environments you play in interesting and vibrant. Not the flat Google-Earth imagery of old. The planes explode and tear apart magnificiently. Character models are well done. Overall, a good job. On the graphics.Multiplayer is mostly everything above only with REAL PEOPLE.I enjoyed it, even with DFM. Sadly, I don't buy ACE games for Multiplayer so I'll just leave it at that.Another minor annoyance that came with the ""Enhanced Edition"" was the inclusion of those stupid, stupid IDOLMASTER skins that I hate oh so much from Ace 6. God damn, we don't need stupid pink anime skins in Ace Combat. Even if a small ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ portion of the fanbase asks for it. Just don't. Please. The Nagase fanservice was bad enough.-----TL;DROverall I give this game a 5/10. It's just Average, bargin-bin videogamin'. Nothing wrong with getting it cheap but it's not worth anything above 14 dollars. New-comers will have fun, but older fans might feel a bit left behind. Multiplayer is a nice addition, sadly a little dead now though.I can play it, but it's still probably the worst Ace Combat yet and it has some serious, needless crap thrown on it.Even worse is how it failed to gain that ""new audience"" it was clearly going for, since Ace has now been reduced to a F2P game for the PS3. Shame.;_;7  Mobius One weeps for the future of A.C."
,Recommended,228400,14492339,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FUCKING AGGRESSIVE,"The storyline doesn't stand up to the other AC's storylines, but it had the best gameplay out of any of the ACs I've played (4,5,Zero,6)For the best game experience possible go to settings and set the control scheme from optimum to classic (Gives you more control over your craft.) and play with a controller. (However it DOES work with mouse and keyboard.)Even though it's a good game, few people play online and those who do frequently abuse poor balancing decisionsDon't be thrown off by the bad reviews, they're most likely people who didn't know they could change the control scheme to classic, or people upset that the gameplay has shyed-away from slow turn fights.The soundtrack is amazing by the way, look it up. ""Naval Warfare"" is my favoriteAlso, Angry Joe has an excellent review I would recommend watching if you're on the fence about this game. As well as the game putting you into the action fairly quickly before the steam refunds 2 hour limit is up."
76561197970934684,Not Recommended,228400,7754888,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Aetrion,This game is basically just one giant quicktime event with terrible controls. Another perfect example of a console game ported to PC in the worst imaginable way.
,Recommended,228400,11868782,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,✪Echo,"Score : 7/10At last, Ace Combat was arrived on the PC. Amazing aircraft combat can you see here, good graphic and supported with good gameplay made this game very  fun. But, weird control is only problem in this game..."
,Recommended,228400,11623319,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,evarno,"Some levels can get tedious and extremely difficult, but for the most part, it is quite enjoyable"
,Recommended,228400,11902756,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,oujisan2236,Great game!!!Do Miss the Original Ace Comabat Games from the PS2 to the Xbox 360 era. but still a really decent game.Put the controls to classic mode (not called that) and it plays better than the newer mode..Graphics great all around except the ground♥♥♥♥♥♥looks blocky nothing new there.Runs SmoothPlays smoothsounds awesome!Just started but believe i will get a good couple of hours if not hundreds later on.I recommend this for Ace Combat fans or Arcade Flight Gamers
76561198080602071,Recommended,228400,11942413,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kira Von Black (JOOJKIIK),"if you are a fan of the Ace Combat series, Assault horizon is a Different kind of beast. so,since now,i warn you. Aproach this one with caution.well,it feels like ace combat,plays for the most part like ace combat, but it has one mechanic that Kills it,DFM and ASM. those sections,when Scripted are Terrible,and makes the fights with aces,Especially the one with a certain shark nosed Plane Pilot, Unfufilling. At First,they are cool,but repeat them,over,and over,and over again,and you'll see what i mean. and this is agravated if you played other Ace Combat games on the consoles, that really demanded skills from you.so,it's a Hard game?! Far from it. Easy,even on the Ace Difficulty,but it has it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments.Is a Bad Ace combat game?! by my standards,Yes. Namco has done better with its franchises.But it's a Bad game?! HELL NO.The better pros i gotta say is: the cutscenes that are awesomely made, the Aircraft Collor editor that even to this date i revisit, and the Awesome models,beautifull with full interiors made by Project aces.But the Unforgivable Cons i gotta repeat: The DFM and ASM are not good systems when done Scripted like 60% of the game. some sections are not,but they fell a bit cluncky to control,and i tend to lose control quickly. another Con is that the control on this game is very sensitive,even on the most Non-Sensitive setting,so it doesn't feel like Ace 5,6,or Cross Rumble,and you get to have tighter reflexes to adapt on how the Jets fly on this game. they feel different,but horrible?! no... just,worse. and those aspects i'm glad that namcobandai got right on the next games of the franchise,that can and MUST keep going in the direction it was since Ace Combat 3 (jp)... that by the way i still wait for a remake of that game... but let's not get out of the tangent.My final Veredict: 7/10.  Is not a Bad game, i can recomend for you who want a Different Experience all togheter.But if you are a Ace fan,as a said Aproach with caution or Don't go for it.(or at least,wait untill the price drop if you want to experiment with this beast)."
,Recommended,228400,10367825,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Zai,A wonderful addition to the Ace Combat series. The game looks beautiful and takes a dog fight the the next level. I highly recommend an Xbox 360 controller for this game.
,Not Recommended,228400,11607107,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Wade,"I rarely give out negative reviews or shoot down games (aren't I clever?), but this game is unlike any other Ace Combat game (especially my beloved Ace Combat 4) in the absolute worst possible way.  A textbook no-imagination ""Call of Duty"" style story, extremely limitied flight controls and paper-thin characters you can't connect or sympathize with at all.And don't even get me started on dogfight mode.  You are forced into this horrible linear pigeonhole to complete most of the game.  It turns free flight into the dullest, flattest roller coaster ever.I'm glad I picked it up for less than $5 on sale.  It isn't even worth that.If you want to play Ace Combat, go break out the Playstation 2.  Stay far away from this title."
,Not Recommended,228400,11447851,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Retra,Waste of money really bad. Play H.A.W.X 2
76561197974756497,Not Recommended,228400,15964831,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Launchpad McQuack,"Gave this another chance...Shouldn't of.Fires of liberation on the 360 was so much better.Don't get tempted, it is THAT bad. The jets feel so slow, dog fight mode is a disgrace. I wouldn't bother installing even if it was free."
76561198038735008,Not Recommended,228400,16072018,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ryonin,"This game is a disappointment. The single player story is weak, specially when compared to previous titles such as Ace Combat 5 or ACZero (6, the first title on the 360 and PS3 and directly previous to AH, had a pretty short story as well); it feels like the story has been completely cast aside in favor of the multiplayer, which is also extremely poor and mostly dead by now. It feels shallow, and the characters are very dry, with bad voice acting to match. The helicopter missions, one of the new additions of AH, are absolutely terrible, with sketchy controls and no real way to control the heli's nose; on the other hand, the C130 attack plane is very fun to play with.The real world setting made more bad than good to this game - you won't see any of the fantastic boss battles you had on the other games, such as Scinfaxi and Arkbird from AC5 or Excalibur from ACZero, since those were made up technology; instead in AH you'll have unimpressive fights against a cruiser ship and occasionally shoot some missiles off air, and that's it. The battles against other aces (which are too few to actually cause impact on the players) are heavily scripted rail shooting sections, with little to no skill involved.Over all, this game feels like a huge letdown for the series, with many things that made the series great being cut off, in favor of poorly thought and badly realized features. 4/10, a waste of money if you're expecting an actual Ace Combat game."
76561198128522820,Not Recommended,228400,16084702,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dan Classic,"Note: I'm burning through my Steam backlog and trying out every game I have so this is based on about an hour of gameplay.I'm a big fan of Ace Combat on PS2. Now I haven't played an Ace Combat game in many years before today and sadly, the series looks to be in worse shape then when I last saw it.Firstly the presentation: The overall presentation and feel of the series I remember is gone and replaced with a more Tom Clancy-ish / Call of Battlefield modern military cinematic style; which wouldn't be so bad if this were some other game. The story is pretty generic and forgetable as are the characters; but then I never played Ace Combat for the story so it's not that big of a deal. Just a little bit of a let down.The Combat: It feels dumbed down. I remember having more control over the aircraft previously. Dogfighting  now comes down to switching to an on the rails mode briefly while AI controls your aircraft following the enemy. It does provide a more cinematic experience I guess but I didn't buy this game to watch a movie. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy arcade style action, but that's not what Ace Combat is about for me.Other Issues: In order to integrate variety into the game, helicopter and turret missions have been added. The helo controls just awfully and I HATE turret missions in any game so there's that. Besides, why would Ace Combat need anything else besides the aircraft missions? This really hurts the game in my opinion.Overall Ace Combat: Assault Horizon is not the worst thing I've ever played but it's certainly not worth 20 dollars. The Fighter Jet missions are still kind of fun despite being dumbed down and the aircraft all look pretty cool. I can not recommend this game based on the price, but if you can pick it up under 5 bucks, it may be worth an afternoon."
,Not Recommended,228400,16097642,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Brother Manard,"This is nothing like the Ace Combat games I remember. This game reminds me of a game you could get as an app. Sure, it's not the worst game out there, and you can put some time into it, but I suggest buying something else. There's no way I can put anything here that hasn't been said. Scroll down to see what my review would be."
76561198078871181,Not Recommended,228400,16108700,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Billyboy,"NO because  multi player is not available. Most of the time I'm getting shot in the back I don't believe it , I don't beleive there is a jet behind me getting shots on me that good."
,Not Recommended,228400,16166077,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Silic0n Serp3nt,"I'm glad that I bought this game when it was on sale last summer. I do not recommend this game at all. PLay anything else. Play any other pilot simulation game. Heck, Microsoft plane simulatior 2002 was better than this. The graphics look like the original Half-Life. Gameplay does not feel comfortanble at all."
76561198067025211,Not Recommended,228400,10201943,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mr. Sparkle,"If you like flight sims, avoid this garbage title like the plague. If you like the 80's stand-up-arcade title: Afterburner, you'll LOVE this crap.owned game for more than 2 years, played game less than 20 mins. If there existed a ""recycle bin"" on steam, you bet your sweet♥♥♥♥♥this title would have been thrown into it 2 years ago."
,Recommended,228400,11451550,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,«Ace.Master»,i like this game since in playstation to to PSP im happy about it that they put it in steam
76561198011662037,Recommended,228400,14512389,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Possum,"This game is an arcade shooter. It is a good looking, mainly QTE-driven Japanisation of a Flight Nonsimulator. Neither enemies nor you follow any laws of physics while flying. There is up, down and the soil you smash into. Some obstacles like buildings scattered around the map. You can even crash into them and survive it. The air combat has nothing particular complex about it. Missiles almost always miss unless you are in QTE mode meaning you enter a rail  shooter like phase during which you have to follow an enemy close. With a little skill and two exceptions during the campaign you always win those encounters. The main story is OK, you see the twists coming from a mile away but thats fine. The motivation of the main antagonist seems plausible though his means are (like in most games) way over the top. But its a japanese action game, right? The planes you are able to fly are are interesting. As PC Gamer its recommended you are willing to face some technical problems. Always first installation and crash after the first mission as well as the game forgetting graphic settings are just a few. The soundtrack of this game is extremly good. If you want to have just some fun shooting stuff and be entertained without thinking to much AND you got a controller - go for it."
76561198081149130,Not Recommended,228400,10498208,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,+1s🐸,"The worst Ace Combat I've played.The idea of ""DFM"" is copied from Tom Clancy's HAWX, ""Spooky"" is copied from COD.The difficulty levels are lack of design, make some missions are literally uncompletable (in ACE level). The funny thing is, these uncompletable missions are happen to be the missions that own new elements (helicopters,spooky boomer,door gun missions etc).In some scene, the target remains invincible for a really long time (espically in the final mission), makes the mission become long and boring. And btw, your enemy can still kill you in that time. Sometimes I even don't know if I'm playing the game, or the game is playing me."
76561198014626519,Not Recommended,228400,23712678,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,acerew2436,"I've been a long-time fan of the Air/Ace Combat series, but I just couldn't get into this one. I had significant issues using joystick controls, particularly with the helicopter missions."
,Not Recommended,228400,29931394,Posted: 14 February,all,TheOtherDOOMGuy,"The only Ace Combat in this game is the title. The game itself is a mess of cinematic action sequences they wanted to show off, held together by godawful flight, and a choice of either enemies flying in easy to kill straight lines, or literally unkillable until you trigger this games ""special feature"", the DogFighting Mode (DFM), wherein the enemy will fly in a dramatic straight line foir you to fill with bullets and missiles, right up until you get a dramatic explosion up close and personal.It's disappointing the first time. It doesn't get any better.Then we come to stage two, if you manage to push through the intro stage. Now you're a dude on a turret in a helicopter. You aren't flying the helicopter. You're just stuck on the side of it. This entire mission feels like it was ripped out of Call of Duty, and it 100% feels just...wrong.I can't really think of any redeeming features for this game. The planes are pretty, I guess"
,Not Recommended,228400,10461173,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Eperiod,The helicopter missions make me want to vomit. An hour into the 2nd mission and I'm STILL firing at little tiny dots on the screen with 100's of icons everywhere. Whoever thought these were a good idea needs to be fired.
76561197968218190,Recommended,228400,9843952,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Blackwolf_swe,GOOSE!
,Not Recommended,228400,16098246,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SEABASS471,"DO NOT BUY if youre a fan of the original Ace Combat series on PS2. An Ace Combat game that's completely on the rails. The only effective way to shoot down aircraft is through a dogfight mode which flies the aircraft for you, the movement is so erratic in this mode that it just gets annoying over time to try and focus the cursor over the enemy jet while it's doing 10g moves. Most of these dogfight sequences are heavily scripted with the enemy jet not blowing up until you pass through scenic explosions and carnage that wouldn't have happened otherwise and that's what bugs me the most. Sometimes planes can take 2 missiles and explode which is usually the fastest some standard jet planes can go down, but sometimes planes can also take up to 4-6 missile hits and a barrage of guns only to explode after we see some stylized collateral damage.The story is also uninspiring when compared to past Ace Combat games. Anything interesting in the plot could've been seen a mile away with as the game tries to hold your hand through its already weak plot.The game tries to make up for its lackluster gameplay by expanding on what you can do in the game: bombing and helicopter assaults. Helicopter missions are a bit weak while the bombing ones are actually interesting althought there is only a total of 1 bombing mission in the game.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this game if you're a fan of the series or want to avoid an on the rails game."
76561197993798890,Recommended,228400,11196247,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sosus,Its okay not great at all.If you want to shoot crap up in a plane get War Thunder or even H.A.W.K.S. 2 instead of this. At least those games have PC friendly controls.
76561198050801019,Not Recommended,228400,28339097,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TechGentry,"The tag for the game is ""Never before has combat been so fast in-your-face."" If by fast they mean a bunch of quick turns done by the Dogfight system which you barely control, then they would be correct. This is by no means a traditional Ace Combat experience. The game itself feels more like a mobile game because the controls are so ""Assisted"". By assisted, I mean that any dog fight situation will mostly involve the game following the enemy plane with a little help from you while you fire a missle when the circle goes red. The games narrative is pretty bland, the voice acting is subpar and even in the cutscenes the audio doesn't match the cinematic. The flying even feels heavily assisted and not how you would expect an Ace Combat plane to fly. Missions tend to get extremely boring, exscort bravo here, blow up truck there, do a barrel roll. I can't recommend this game because it is just generally boring and unfun."
76561197997841668,Not Recommended,228400,17447924,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DarkArtGod,doesnt feel comfortable to play at all on pc.
76561198300085427,Not Recommended,228400,33191766,Posted: 3 July,all,Gen_Saris,"Clunky controls and too many gimmicks spoil what could have been a superb addition to the Ace Combat line of games. A real let down, glad I only paid $4 for it."
76561198101458156,Not Recommended,228400,14866261,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,snafu,what is this  this is not a ace combar game the title lies dfm is so stupid it seeem thats the only way to get a kill and frindly ai is the wors the wont even swat one enmy of your six i am extremlt dissapointed in this game
,Not Recommended,228400,10937277,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,blim,uhhh....
,Recommended,228400,21984896,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ArkAngel Shaun - 4K,Well I have a mixed opinion on this particular addition to the frachise. I have always been an avid Ace Combat fan with Ace Combat 6 Fires Of Liberation being my favourite (Xbox 360). Assault Horizon just does not hold the same feeling of fun that ace combat 6 offered. The forced use of dogfights while cool in concept just becomes annoying and less feeling like you are able to fly as you wish like in ace combat 6. Although that being said I still think it worth a play as the game still shines in some areas such as cinematic plane finishers and some dogfights can be pretty intense as the game goes on. Performance wise this game ran flawlessly in full 1920x1080 on a 6GB GTX 980Ti at a locked 144fps (144hz monitor). So no issues with performance.7/10 All in all worth a try but don't expect it to be like how you have previously experienced the franchise.
76561198044927717,Not Recommended,228400,24039611,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Joker6Actual,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is a horrible console to PC port, and will give you, and your computer CANCER."
,Recommended,228400,14491331,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Farmer János,"this game for me is 10/10 and i ensure u that this will be  for you aswellif you like epic dogfight battles, and also bombing ground forces and also  best part being in a helicopter omg its just the game for you lolit has a epic campaighn dont wanna spoil it lol but omg its worth the money  u can do co-op missions/ multiplayer well i doubt it will work because i havnt tested multiplayer yet but in future i will xD"
,Recommended,228400,1105256,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,Gonzo850,Holly crap! Most action packed flight game I've ever played. One of Ace Combat's best and I've played them all except the psp ones. Don't really want to call this one a flight sim because it sacrifices realism for more fun game mechanics and crap ton of action. This game has a lot of interesting levels from AC-130 to helo shootouts. It also has an awesome engaging story if you're into that like me. Definitely a must have.
76561198103122004,Recommended,228400,11790056,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,dropyou101,love this game can ya do this for the m1 abrams
76561198046698121,Recommended,228400,11853730,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,w3st80,soar like a fast bird in the sky
76561198007604054,Recommended,228400,9615202,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ekmek,I wish there was a way to play multiplayer maps just by myself. Even if I didnt get the points it would be nice to play with the different aircraft instead of only being stuck with the campaign.
76561197987039443,Not Recommended,228400,11396663,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,General Armchair,"If you like the Ace Combat franchise, then don't buy this game.  For whatever reason, they decided to abandon the iconic Strangereal setting and use a plot stolen from some Call-of-Duty reject script.  They also replaced the arcade style combat that you know and love with quick time events.Do not buy."
76561197995282423,Not Recommended,228400,11408628,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mormon_Jesus,disspointting would be a understatment. the AI is terrible ive never seen a allied plane shoot down anything. not to mention this game wants you to press random keyboard button WHILE YOUR FLYING WITH A JOYSTICK! i dont know about you all but i only have 2 hands and they are on the stick i can't be pressing c and 4 and 7 while im trying to shoot the planes down. also the locked on rockets miss 95% of the time. the only way ive gotten any kill is just random. some times the they hit or they just go off into space. what a waste of 5 bucks. also it looks like this game is made for a playstion 1
,Recommended,228400,10261866,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Demonlord,Get in there son!
,Not Recommended,228400,32511052,Posted: 17 June,all,OJM O66,"Awful, unless you're Michael Bay and you're happy with ONLY using this ""dogfight"" stuff to stand any chance of taking down an enemy. Don't buy this game.Field of view is shocking too, awful console port."
,Not Recommended,228400,32839260,Posted: 26 June,all,Fascio,"Never met anyone who really liked this game... is a mess, to say the least, and it is [negatively] different from any previous Ace Combat game:-Bad controls (beside the possibility-of-change betwen it ,i.e 'Original' and 'Optimum');-Really few aircrafts and, among the ones available, little freedom of choice;-Who ever played Ace Combat just for ''aircrafts an'♥♥♥♥♥♥'? Assault Horizon's campaign is terrible, looks like something taken from a hollywood film. The voice acting is just as worst and on top of that, the campaign can actually be concluded in about three-fourth hours of gameplay;-The ''Dogfight Mode''... it takes away the control and freedom of your aircraft, sometimes, increasing the possibility of you ending up crashing (since there is no way to tell whether the enemy plane you're chasing down is scripted to go through all sorts of ''Cinematic Flying'' and as such is invulnerable until some arbitrary set point). Not just that, in most times it will be a mandatory thing if you wanna shoot down TGT_Leaders... yeah, since they will perform unbeliavable maneuvers and avoid everyone of your distant-engagement attempts (not to mention the infinite-flares thing);-Unnecessary... not to say... ''useless'' QTE's. Yeah, press E to... do absolutely nothing...!So, what's the matter behind all this?Some people say the developers didn't ''expected the game to achieve comercial success'', as it was just to ''showcase the new engine''... For me, this is a very pretentious thing to say, and if proceeds (really improbable), an true insolence from Banc..;;i mean, Nanco** part.In terms of gameplay mechanics, Ace Combat: Infinity is what Ace Combat: Assault Horizon should have been. Infinity has the classical gameplay of previous Ace Combat games while at the same time the intense destruction and yet, an appreciable storyline (albeit not in Strangereal).If you would enjoy this game, it really depends on what you consider ''entertainable''; the game has it's pros, like the graphics (meh, actually they're not that great, but still...) and the bomber aircraft missions, it has actually entertained me for a few hours...Yet, i shall NOT recommend this; if you really want to play this game, buy it in a sale or better, save your money to the upcoming Ace Combat 7: Skies Unknown."
76561197982971002,Not Recommended,228400,9935874,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,[MJF] pSyKoDaD™,"Playing online was fun and we did play some co-op as well, trying to play the single player story/mission was impossible.  Only buy this if you get it cheap and with the intent of playing online."
,Recommended,228400,10518856,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Kurayami,"Lokks like it is a tradition of sorts - worst game of the series goes to the pc master race in glorious HD.Pros- despite plain story about classic top gun solo saving the world yet again this one have a very good enemy ace- visuals- soundtrack (naval warfare, MS khrista etc)- multiplayerCons- 1 button playstyle- no strangereal (seriously?????)- LOTS of scripts- ultradumb AI- plain story about murican top gun (markov story would be so much better)If you want to kill a couple of hours or liked H.A.W.X. - go ahead, try this one.If, by some chance you are ACE COMBAT fan.. well my condolences."
,Not Recommended,228400,11402015,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NKato,"It was enjoyable to an extent up to the Moscow mission. Missile spam from enemy, requirement to use Dogfight Mode on the bomber, and the boss fighter being a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Been on the Moscow mission for two hours now, being shot down repeatedly because of Markov The ♥♥♥♥wad.This is by and large the worst entry in the Ace Combat series. If you've played AC6 or earlier, you will hate the everliving ♥♥♥♥ out of this game.EDIT: This is the first game that's made me want to punch my monitor. The developer is a ♥♥♥♥ing shitbag."
,Not Recommended,228400,13974570,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,*woof*,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥Do not buy this game, even if it's deeply discounted. Pretty much everything about is an absolute cluster♥♥♥♥. The 'innovative' gameplay features seem like they were specifically designed to disempower the player; you'll be groaning every time an enemy flight lead shows up because you'll know you have to engage in the godawful dogfight mode, flying around in a nauseating chase sequence while your target implausibly and frustratingly soaks up missile after missile. And that's far from the only problem with the game. Especially horrible is the way the game frequently decides to ♥♥♥♥ with you by messing with the camera.Oddly the tacked on Call of Duty-ish elements, namely the helicopter doorgunner and AC-130 fire support missions were the most fun I got out of the game (the attack helicopter ones however are pretty awful). Although I have to say the doorgunner mission at the start of the game is extremely disturbing; it's essentially a war crimes simulation. No, the throwaway line about it being a UN santioned operation and the area being a 'free-fire zone' doesn't excuse it. Anyone who has ever read in-depth about about the Vietnam War knows what utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t a free-fire designation is.On the plus side there's some very nice music (a franchise staple) and the graphics engine is genuinely impressive and versatile, delivering good up-close visuals of humans and other on-the-ground elements in addition to the usual aircraft fare. Which only makes it more of a shame that they decided to waste the effort and budget on this crappy real world Tom Clancy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t narrative, instead of giving us what everyone actually wants, which is a true Strangereal Ace Combat 7.The narrative deserves special attention because of how downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Russophobic it is. I understand why Russia keeps showing up over and over again as villains in these types of stories; it's the only vaguely credible threat to the American Empire left on the planet, aside from China which is too important a trade partner to risk villifying. But generally there's at least an attempt at nuance. Here's the entire message of Assault Horizon: Russians are backstabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, all of them. Except the token 'good' Russian, who is a nice subservient pet to our glorious American protaganists. No, just kidding, he's also a backstabbing traitorous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, he was only pretending to be good. That's literally it. The villains entire motivation is that American bombing accidentally killed his waifu in Bosnia. I'm not even kidding or oversimplifying, that is literally it.Compare this to something like Call of Duty 4 (let's try and forget the sequels...) which still had shades of Russophobia but at least bothered to divide them into 'good' and 'bad' Russians via a civil war plotline. In that game the chief antagonist Imran Zakhaev actually had a fairly credible motivation, though it wasn't given much attention. The line he gives in the games intro about Russian leaders prostituting their populations to the West and destroying their cultures and economies is 100% factual. The historical reality is that in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Soviet Union Russia was set to make the transition to a Scandanavian-style Social Democracy, because, whatever Americans may think, most Russians genuinely liked many aspects of the USSR, like socialized medicine and education. At which point the West, spearheaded by financial institutions like Goldman Sachs, stepped in and said 'no, what you really want is rampant privitization'. Yeltsin said 'okay', and the country was utterly exploited. A new aristrocracy of oligarchs rose to power, controlling most of the wealth and resources, and around 10 million people prematurely died, many simply drinking themselves to death in despair. Given that reality, the idea of a guy wanting to nuke the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of America isn't hard to believe.Similarly Khaled Al-Asad and his generic Middle-Eastern 'separatists' have genuine grievences, though they're inevitably portrayed as genocidal monsters. Especially in light of the real-world Arab Spring where it became painfully obvious just how despised by their populations the US-backed dictatorships of the region were. Oh but don't worry, that annoying 'democracy' thing didn't last long in Egypt at any rate, and the US is backing a new military dictatorship.Compare both those motivations to 'bombs killed my girlfriend'. Yeah...tl;dr go play Vector Thrust, and/or resume grinding through sorties in Ace Combat Infinity. This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,228400,13121869,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,=[OzF]= LuNatic,"Enemy bosses can only be shot down in ""dogfighting mode"". Get behind your opponent and press the ""dogfighting mode"" button!And that tells you all you need to know about this game..."
,Recommended,228400,30038398,Posted: 19 February,all,kschang77,"Ace Combat Assault Horizon is a turn-and-burn flight-sim-lite that offers stunning visuals even on older hardware, and offered up a good variety of aircraft to fly, including AH-64D Longbow Apache, doorgunner in a MH-60 Blackhawk, various fighters including F-15, F-15E, F-16, F-22, F-35, bomber such as B-1, and even the AC-130 Spooky gunship.  (Though in case of AC-130 and MH-60 you act as the gunner only).  There are even more alternate planes to fly and enjoy if you want to replay the missions.The turn-and-burn roots of the game are obvious when you are armed with several HUNDRED missiles and shot down probably over 1000 aircraft by the mission's end. Though obviously there are some tactics to the whole thing, as you have multi-lock missiles.What's new was Dogfight Mode, where you enter into a ""close pursuit"" mode where you need to keep the aircraft in the aimming circle, and when the circle turns red, your missile does extra damage (possible one shot kills rather than multiple hits).The ground attack was handled nicely as you are encouraged to adopt ""corridor runs"" where you engage the initial point much like dogfight mode, and while in this your weapons fire faster and do more damage.Obviously most battles are done with guided weapons (except in the Bomber mission where you do need to use iron bombs). Gun kills are possible esp. in the Apache Longbow against enemy Hind gunships.The controls will take a bit of getting used to, and controller is highly recommended. As mentioned before, graphics are very nice, even on outdated hardware, and all the planes are nicely textured and detailed, as are the ground buildings. The visuals are comparable to the Ubisoft HAWX series.  And the controls are responsive.My main problem is the difficulty curve. While the first mission was easy, the second mission (Longbow) was incredibly difficult, esp. near the end, even on recruit difficulty. And subsequent missions have uneven difficulty levels. Some I can pass with a single attempt, others require multiple attempts. Fortunately, game has a savepoint system so you do not need to restart the whole mission if you do choose to quit in the middle of a mission.The game also has a robust multiplayer mode which I did not test.All in all, ACAH is a fun turn-and-burn flight-sim light, though people expecting a flight-sim may be turned off by the very arcade-feeling ""dogfight mode"" (DFM) and the ""counter-move"" (force the guy on your tail to overshoot). But it is exciting to play, and it was fun, except for the super-difficult missions."
76561198042294658,Recommended,228400,7394510,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Highway,I feel the need...the need for speed!
,Not Recommended,228400,23912635,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,VICKY,-rep it unable to find session
,Recommended,228400,16850158,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Pussy Annihilator,"Well made soundtracks, graphics, gameplays and scripts.The only thing I did not like from this game was the controls for helicopter was not good as flying a fighter jet."
,Recommended,228400,3850696,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Sailes,for those who miss the sky
76561198134306890,Recommended,228400,21668015,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,deus_extrem,I thought this game was great. I was on the edge of my seat for some missions. The graphics were great and there was a ton a aircraft to choose from. It was an amazing ace combat game.  I would recommend.
76561198073987891,Recommended,228400,17030179,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,OleRedNeck,Love the realness..
,Not Recommended,228400,9729141,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Shax,This is the worst game i have ever played. I guess ace combat stopped being good after 6...
76561197975437011,Not Recommended,228400,8252441,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,NickTacular,"this game is abomination to the ace combat series.  i have played nearly all other ace combat games and had high hopes for this.graphics:as far as graphics this game is nice to look at, the airplanes fly like they are supposed to and visually it looks on par for the current generation of games.controls:if you have played any ace combat games the controls are familiar especially when using the xbox 360 gamepad.  it plays very well using the gamepadgameplay:this is where the game takes a turn for the ugly.  at first your put in the game its a very familiar ace combat experience.  you fly around with plenty of chatter going back and fourth.  some evil faction is attacking a city and you need to defend it.  then your are strapped into a sweet f22 armed with 100 missiles and told to go kick some♥♥♥♥♥  whats wrong with that you may ask yourself?  well you can get good position on an enemy and have lock on them and fire all your missiles and miss every time.  the game forces you into this weird dog fighting mode that attaches you to the enemy and you take it down with a series of missiles or guns.  its cool for the first maybe second time you use it but after about the 10th enemy you take down it becomes and exhausting effort for which becomes repetitive very fast.  their are also helicopter missions which increase this feeling of exhaustion.  this mode exasperates the feeling of mediocrity when you just cannot control the helicopter like you want it to and ultimately get frustrated and turn the game off.  the story is also very boring and just does nothing to draw you in and make you want to play the next mission.verdict:overall this game is pretty, controls very well, but ultimately the story and the forcing of these new features (dog fighting mode, helicopter missions) really kill this game.  I only played a couple of hours in this game but once i killed about 20-30 enemies exclusively using the dog fighting mode i was frustrated and bored.  there is no skill involved in using this its pretty much lock on and the computer controls your airplane and you shoot down your  enemy over and over again.  then when you think the game could not get any worse you get the helicopter mode which is where i turned off the game.   I wanted to like this game soooooooooooo much i love ace combat games i even bought the ace fight stick for ace combat 5 for xbox  but this game is such a letdown i wish they would have just stuck to what makes ace combat so good and got rid of all this extra crap (or even allow a player to avoid the extra modes)."
,Not Recommended,228400,8427792,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,damoose1,"What have they done?I was so excited when I saw this on Steam. Been a fan of the series since Ace Combat 2 on the PS1. With a score of 77/100 on Metacritic, I thought it would be a good fun game, since I have enjoyed other games with a similar score. Even though reviews said it was not as good as previous titles, I thought it would still be an enjoyable experience. Boy, was I wrong...Ace Combat has always been an arcade flight simulator - never going for complete realism. But, this game is out of control. it has gone from a fun shooter with an enjoyable story, to a Quick time event (QTE) monstrocity with a the most generic, predictable, over-the-top, ridiculous and boring plot I have even seen. Gone are the days where you fly around picking and shooting bad guys out of the sky. If you try that, you will never get anyone as they just fly around in circles. Now, you have to get up behind virtually every enemy and enter a QT event - press ""Q"" now... press ""Shift"" now - in order to take enemies out. The combat has mostly been replaced with other rubbish too. You have to use a gunship and sometimes take control of a gun on a helicopter. Even your old health bar is replace with regenerative health. You can see they are trying to appeal to idiotic Call of Duty fans.Then there are lazy port problems. I never experienced any bugs, and it ran perfectly well with everything up. That is where I must begin: the graphics options are the most limited I have ever seen. All you can really do is change the resolution. And, when you set your resolution, the game does not look very sharp, as if it has been upscaled to your native resolution. It is also not enhaced in the slightest. Tom Clany's HAWX looks better than this. Textures are all muddy, particle effects are a joke, and models have quite a low polygon count. Then the lighting is just an over-use of bloom. The FOV is also rediculous; the plane takes up far too much space on screen. It is liked you are playing zoomed in the entire time.Then you have the controls. They are just Xbox 360 controls assigned to keyboard keys. Very bad; they take no advantage of the PC's capabilities. Becomes quit irritating, trying to navigate the menus and such.In ""Call of Dutying"" the game, Namco have completely destroyed the seres in the process. Could not even finish this game as a result. This is one of the worst purchases I have even made, and does not deserve the 77/100 on Metacritic. Do NOT buy this game, even on sale.3/10"
,Not Recommended,228400,932598,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,"I have no idea how you make high tension dogfights with incredible graphics so horribly bland, but ace Combat accomplishes this perfectly. I found myself just wanting to exit the mission that just DRAGS on but not wanting to have to relive the horribly paced dogfight circle dogfight the game forces you to do AD NAUSIUM.   Its just waves of boring cookie cutter aircraft showing up out of nowhere and attacking, no story, no face to the enemy, not even very well used setpieces.   The best part was the randm missions they throw in where I actually get to shoot something but this requires me to be out of the aircraft the entire game is built around.Not even on sale is this worth your cash."
,Not Recommended,228400,15127491,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,IP-MAN,"The WORST Ace Combat EVER!If you are Ace Combat Fan or want some real dog-fight gameplay, this is NOT recommended.Otherwise...You will be disappointed and cry for weeks."
,Not Recommended,228400,9758970,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,MR TINY FACE,"Arcade rail shooter with bad controls. Basically pokemon snap, but not fun."
,Not Recommended,228400,8212263,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cnoevil78,Dont buy this game the prtoduct key from steam donot work check the forum MSand vavle donotr want to honor the situation hundreds of people purchased this game in nov 2013 and are having the same issue it wont let you log in to save the game check the forums .. this is a great game but purchasing it with steam sucks
76561198060275569,Not Recommended,228400,9739787,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Astrofox115,A game for the console and not the pc
,Not Recommended,228400,8744432,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Mat|x,"This game is the end of the classic Ace Combat franchise we all know and love. It is so poorly executed that I deleted it from my hard drive. If you love the old AC games, avoid this like the plague. It just plain sucks. The game basically plays itself, it even flies the jets for you when you are dogfighting. No realism, no difficulty. It belongs in the arcade at a movie theater.PURE GARBAGE 1/10"
76561197998128569,Not Recommended,228400,9073141,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The2nd,"I love the Ace Combat series. Despite having heard negative things about this one I've bought it anyway: it's Ace Combat how bad can it be, big mistake.This is the first time in quite a while I seriously regret buying a game.Regenerating health, freaking turret sections, horrible helicopter missions. The only thing that kept me playing was looking forward to the next fighter section. And ultimately at the next turret mission I've given up on this game.If you want to get into Ace Combat get yourself an old PS2 and Squadren Leader/Belkan War, they are excellent."
76561197972628412,Not Recommended,228400,9727765,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Alfaholic,"Ace Combat IV remains one of the finest console combat flight sims.AC Assault Horizon could easily have been eqwually as good, however thanks to an ill-resolved contriol interface, the awful dogfight modes and a difficultly level that's abitrary at best, AC Assault Horizon is a poor facsimile of it's predecessors.A missed opportunity."
,Recommended,228400,25195136,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,New,"Game is fun, HOWEVER I really really really wish there wasa freeflight mode, that is all. please make a mod to do just that!"
76561198030452578,Not Recommended,228400,7756210,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Arry Ghekon,"I got into Ace COmbat with Shattered Skies. The dogfighting was superb. The ground-attack cotrol was phenomenal.This iteration feels like they couldn't bother to get the controls right, so they added a special ""mode"" (read handicap-disguised-as-minigame) to make it actually possible to shoot down enemies.It made me feel like I was playing a QTE half the time.I do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,228400,12765186,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MasonCatalone,"If you've played any of the eariler Ace Combats such as IV, V, or Zero, this will be a major dissapointement.  Realism is nonexistant.  You don't have complete control of your aircraft while engaging in a dogfight, which is a major disappointment, especially when performing ""special"" maneuvers.The cutscenes are definitely something out of a Sunday evening soap opera.  Everything they say would never be said by anyone and their actions to match situations are plain embarrasing.  There's not even a decent selection of aircraft to pilot.Graphics are exceptional, but it doesn't make up for the awfulness of this game.  Looks like I'll be pulling the old PS2 out to play some classic Ace Combat!  For those of you die-hard A.C. fans, buy it during a good sale.3.2/10"
76561197998394798,Not Recommended,228400,14212869,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Torynduron,"Having played Ace Combat when I was younger on Playstation and Playstation 2, I've always been a huge fan of the series.  This game is not like the others.  Sure it's pretty to look at but I can't get over how the chase feature is completely rammed down my throat.  I should be able to kill how I see fit.  The chase mode should be an option to kill, not THE option.  I can't help but echo some of the reviews below me, the story is bland, the characters are uninspired.  For God's sake... there's a part where you're on a helicopter doing barrel rolls. smh.   I can't believe Bandai Namco did this."
,Not Recommended,228400,15439248,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Arrgonot,"GARBAGE!!!  Why is this stuck in NOOB mode?  Press x to continue ever five seconds. Enter dog fight mode, press A to continue JESUS , what an insult to the franchise.  Then they came out with infinity FREE to play but only on ps3 , FREE????  I don't get it, you make a game free to play yet you won't allow the OLD games to be played on the ps3 . Least you could do is sell it on pc.  Come on release it on pc , I would be more than happy to buy the game/games!!!!"
76561198119265833,Recommended,228400,27759446,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Larry,"A lot of people do not like this installment in the Ace Combat Franchise. As a relative newbie to the series, I loved it. I started playing around Ace Combat 5, and while this game was different, I still found it fun and entertaining.9/11 not all buildings are destructible - IGN"
,Recommended,228400,27782133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OneNemesis25,air combat so i like it. if have new ace combat on PC. i will buy it. this game its fun.
,Not Recommended,228400,9768561,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Felix,"Surprisingly unenjoyable for an F35 sim. Even once you've turned off the mega annoying music and learned to use your aircraft and weapons, it doesn't really pick up. There's just not much of a sensation of flying, just a giddy open space with the ground at one end.2nd level is a helicopter gunship mission like the one in COD4, only...  I spent the entire mission shooting at my own side out of a bloody-minded sense of rebelliousness and mysteriously passed the level. Seriously, I didn't shoot (at) a single 'bad' guy and apparently it didn't matter one bit. Oh, does the level end in a big mushroom cloud just like in COD4? Yes, it does, only... smaller. Like someone had an mishap with a nuclear soufflé.Cutscenes are a storytelling trainwreck starring a square-chinned, monosyllabic dufus who I think is supposed to be you. Yayyyy.Utter nobcheese. Avoid."
76561198027468968,Not Recommended,228400,9729217,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Storlard,"If you like games that take ♥♥♥♥♥ on your childhood memories, you'll absolutly fall in love, get married, have kids, and live a long happy life with it. Oh and your childhood memories of Ace combat shattered skies on PS2 will be brutaly murdered in the face."
76561197995022990,Not Recommended,228400,9734322,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kerano32,"As a longtime fan of the Ace Combat series, I have always enjoyed it's place in the arcade fighter simulator genre. Cool planes, crazy aerial boss battles, canyon/trench run challenges and conflicts in the fictional Ace Combat universe were hallmarks of the series. Unfortunately, Assault Horizon decided to completely throw out many of the core gameplay elements and themes that had made previous Ace Combat games so enjoyable, and decided to pursue a Call-of-Duty approach to gameplay and storyline.One of the most egregious additions is the Dog-fighting mode, where with the press of 2 buttons, your plane magically maneuevers itself on the tail of the enemy and sticks there with minimal effort. Meant to highlight the ""action"" it just turns dogfighting into a glorified QTE.One new direction that AC:AH took that had promise, but was poorly executed, was the expansion into other types of aircraft, including bombers and helicopters. Unfortunately, these levels seemed less about flying and more about aiming your recticle over targets on a screen (think AC-130). The end result was gimmicky execution of what could have been some very interesting and fun set pieces.Overall, AC:AH has been a disappoinment. It could not deliver the experience of previous installments and failed to win me over with its new mechanics."
,Not Recommended,228400,8588121,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Fat_bot,"As a series-long fan I was initially concerned about the more realistic direction that the franchise seemed to be taking with Assualt Horizon. However, because I enjoy the development team and flying games in general, I gave it a shot. Other than to satiate curiosity, I wish I hadn't given the game my time.While the flying itself is solid, the introduction of the dogfighting mode added cinematic flair, but also removed me from the action. Additionally, during some of the larger skirmishes, it seemed to open me up to more missile shots than I'd normally expect in an Ace Combat game (even on harder difficulties). The fighter gameplay is acceptable, though not on par with the other entries in the series, and unfortunately new flight additions to the game only detracted from the experience.The helicopter controls didn't feel quite right, nor did the shooting while on board. I see what the devs were going for, but they didn't succeed in it. Likewise, the AC-130 experience was virtually ripped from Call of Duty: Modern Warfare. Certainly there's only so much one can do with an AC-130, but the experience felt put in to appeal to a broader audience, but at the cost of what Ace Combat has been about for almost 20 years.Graphically the game is solid, nice effects. The soundtrack was fairly forgettable, standard military game fair. The controls were solid (I used a wired 360 gamepad), so no big complaints there.Finally, the story wasn't the fantasy/reality blend of previous titles, but more standard military drama with obvious plot twists that one could see from 40,000 ft. As a fan I was not impressed, and frankly other games have told the same story in better ways.Ultimately, I would not recommend purchasing Assault Horizon unless you need an arcade flying game fix. Previous Ace Combat games were better, there are a great deal of excellent flying games on the PC to play instead of this."
76561198048153613,Not Recommended,228400,9728427,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,StupidNameHere,its not a flight sim. it is more like when your mother made you a cardboard box airplane and then kicked you in the face when you tried to play in it.
,Not Recommended,228400,11356259,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,SuperWei,This is not Ace at all!! Do not buy it unless your are creazy about any kinds of fight simulator games.
76561198006897535,Not Recommended,228400,27902552,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lyonpaw,"Im saying this as a long time fan of the Ace Combat series, THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ THE ABSOLUTE WORST, never since the ps1 and ps2 games has anyone had to run semi call of duty missions of gunning down patches of zero threat ragdolls from a helicopter, that is NOT what Ace Combat is about.It should be about planes and not even a simulator at that end wich brings me to the second point, their attempt to emulate real life dogfights, in wich the only objective is to get close behind a certain target and initiate the event of chasing it, its way too repetitive specialy when the targets also go on a certain path (i.e. fly through a canyon, between buildings,etc) just for the OH THIS GAME IS SO MOVIE LIKE, MUCH ACTION, WOW feel.I hope Project Aces didnt have anything to do with this piece of garbage aside of lending the plane models because their games from ps2 were decent.If anyone wants to try this just to be amazed at how developers can miss the mark so bad remember to keep an eye on the play time because you will want your money back."
,Not Recommended,228400,35034272,Posted: 17 September,all,liamk887,"Really is the worst installment of the franchise. The on rails sections and target lock on mode are terrible, I can only hope they git rid of it for number 7. I remake of 3 or 4 on PC would also be much better."
76561198367767448,Recommended,228400,34961803,Posted: 14 September,all,Specs-Flare,"Not like a traditional Ace Combat, but very fun. I don't mind the experiment — I love the dogfight mode."
,Recommended,228400,11565173,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nehalem,aiming at circles and pressing RB has never been more fun
,Not Recommended,228400,22312825,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TheNgoBrainer,Constantly crashed after the tutorial/first mission.
76561197970520668,Not Recommended,228400,10921082,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Medereyes,Buggy and broken as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198045774472,Not Recommended,228400,12341600,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MaRkV,"If you want a flighty sim then avoid this one. You have too many weapons, your wingmen seem to be there just to give radio chatter and get6 in the way and you seem to be able to fly through falling ironwork without worrying about it. I reall don't see what others see in this game."
,Not Recommended,228400,33482488,Posted: 12 July,all,phoenixheat,Two words: Helicopter Controls.
76561198042860173,Not Recommended,228400,29553079,Posted: 28 January,all,Pikachu da Montanha,I believe it is the worse Ace Combat so far. Ace Combat Zero was last good AC. I hope Ace Combat 7 can give us back that amazing game franchise back.
,Not Recommended,228400,29597799,Posted: 30 January,all,Trainiac,Wait until Ace Combat 7 for a true Ace Combat experience. This game is NOT that experience.
,Not Recommended,228400,29438115,Posted: 22 January,all,Rhodon,"Tried to turn an arcade stlye flight game into a console game. Then ported the console game to PC and forgot about the arcade style play. Ended up making a flight game that doesn't feel like a sim. That's not a good thing for fans of the older games.It forcing the Dogfighting mode for several opponents doesn't help either, as there's almost no skill involved in these, and depending on where you end the engagement could mean trouble. I've gotten a kill several times only for the pre-scripted debris fly-though to leave me pointed at the ground with 50 feet to go... Not great."
,Recommended,228400,29560519,Posted: 29 January,all,HyJetV,"I've played the Ace Combat series from AC3:Electrosphere, right through to the Belkan war (the point i gave up console gaming and moved to PC)So as soon as this version was released, I bought it the second it was available on here...and then quickly gave up with it.Now the AC series is an arcady aerial shoot em up game, but this release takes that to a whole new level...Dog fight mode? Really?And those impossible counter manoeuvres, where you do the stupidest backflip and land perfectly on your enemies 6. Why?Also, if you do not change the game setting, you're forced to fly with limited control and the inability to roll your aircraft upside down, Why would they have that set as the default control setting? You want to get in, go, dogfight and play the game, not fettle with the settings to be able to have full control.Its as if, during the planning and developing of this game, they were like ""hey, how can we make this as arcady and silly as possible""Its still fun to play, but the extreme arcadyness of it takes the old Ace Combat feel away from it.I played the first handfull of missions then gave up...But with the announcement of Ace Combat 7: Skies Unknown, to be released on PC, I have been giving this game another go, as I said, its still fun to play, but the nostalgia from the old Ace Combat games has gone, they added features that were never needed.But I really do hope, that AC7 is like the older AC series, and does not have all these unnecessary features that Assault Horizon has.As far as I know, the man who created to storyline for for the PS2 versions of AC, is back with the team for AC7, so heres to hope for an epic story to the game.All in all, Assault horizon has alienated the most of the fans of the AC series, but the game itself is not a complete wash out."
76561198041654165,Recommended,228400,18101499,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,FOXYForGOOD!,"Overall this game is outrageous,full on action gameplay.I recommend this to people who enjoy dogfighting and are interested in Airplanes(fighters).However there are some difficult missions,the stealth power has kick in ya,when it comes to close quarters combat with enemy aircraft.I would rate the game 10/10.As I said earlier it is outrageous and awesome  game to play.You need to be motivated to play the game,don't give in your hate if you continue to get killed in flight. There is certain times when you have climax moments.In conclusion this game is amazing in graphics,gameplay,teamwork.Keep on the good work Ace Combat series!"
,Recommended,228400,16369181,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Eljefe2985,i give this game two thumbs up if only i were a real pilot.
76561198028043855,Not Recommended,228400,12373497,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Peen,terrible
,Not Recommended,228400,12364980,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NANOHORIZON,This is the worst combat flight simulator that I've ever played. They might as well have named it Ace Combat: Lets Fly in Circles Around Eachother FOREVER.
,Recommended,228400,28963012,Posted: 2 January,all,Simon.C,waiting ACE 7
76561198009067077,Not Recommended,228400,7949690,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GRANIT Salvo,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Let's see...how to begin this.  I love the Ace Combat series.  So much that I have some sort of stockholm syndrome and ignore the normal cheesy 'writers do no research on war' storylines.First, unless this game is ~$5, DO NOT BUY IT. Period.  Your steam code will not activate GFWL.  That means no multiplayer.   Half the game gone like that.  There is no solution.  Steam will direct you to GFWL and GFWL will direct you to Steam, any further comments will be auto-ignored. Seriously, read the discussion boards.The highlight of this game was ""Written by americans who professionally write tom clancy style novels"".  Not only does this not fix the writing problem previously stated, but it's more painful because its set in the real world.  The writers obviously did not google ""NATO relations with Russia"".  Real world makes it worse if you know anything about history.  Let's move on to the game.  Plenty to talk about DogFightMode.  You can see the good idea behind it, except that it forces you to use it.  It forces you because half the enemies are immune to damage unless you DFM them.   Camera angles are jacked up.  The camera does not stick behind you like all 7 previous games and when doing maneuvers will face the ground making sure you have no idea where you are guiding yourself exactly.Speaking of controls, they put a flight game on the PC and gave it no flightstick support.  The xbox AC games have support....and a special flightstick made for it.  WTF.  BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THE GAME : PACING.  Cutscenes are fine and help develop stories, but do I need to be forced to walk through hallways in buildings for 5 minutes only allowed to turn my head and looks a people with no interaction?  It does not help except to give me time to get a beer from the fridge.  In game too, many missions including the helo/gunner missions just drag on...sometimes for 40 minutes.  There is no skill in these modes, but it just wont stop.  I want to pass it to get to the next jetfighter mission, so I just rubber band the trigger (hint: you cant die and you have infinite ammo).  The helo mission don't even fit into the story flow and little reason is given.  It is direct jealousy of the Call Of Battlefield franchises. Just like how the R6 games failed starting with R6V2.  The last part I will comment about is the skill.  There is no thrill anymore because missiles are near infinite, life of you and the enemies regenerate fairly quickly, and you can survive from hitting the ground and other fixed objects.Final thoughts:  TORTURE.  You can clearly see the AC game and fun you could be having with this, but everything seems to be set up to make it as annoying as possbile all while demeaning you.  Especially with achievements.  ""You passed the tutorial"" ""you pressed 'Y' when we told you""  ""You watched a cutscene"" ""You hit objects with an infinite chaingun"".  Good for you."
,Not Recommended,228400,14451860,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hount,Really didn't like the direction that this version of Ace Combat took. It departs from the previous games and turns dog fighting with jets into a series of QTE's. Yeah ok.. I still wanted to play and then the helicopter level happened. It totally sucks. The game sucked so bad I let this game take HD space for over a year. I guess I kept wishing that I would come back to it and forgive it's manys flaws. My fond memories of earlier versions of Ace Combat wasn't enough to overcome the suck. The suck is strong in this one my friends and as such it was uninstalled forever.This is not the ACE COMBAT you are looking for
76561198002101271,Not Recommended,228400,15936600,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MasterManiac,"Free is too expensive.But in case you need more convincing, let me tell you what's what. Ace Combat is not - and never has been - a flight sim. It's a long-running franchise hailing from Japan, eminently focused on high-speed arcade action. It has always had very, very little at all to do with reality, save the inclusion of detailed plane models based mostly on real-life military fighters and bombers.As a flight-sim enthusiast, some would consider it a crime for me to admit that I really do enjoy arcade flight games. They're a great fallback for those times when you want to splash some bogies, but you don't have the time or the inclination to go full-real (or even semi-real, honestly).I've played Ace Combat games for years, since I was a kid, and it was probably Ace Combat among other games that helped foster my later interest in more authentic fare. I started with Ace Combat 2: Electrosphere on the original Playstation, and let me tell you: the title of that game says it all. Ace Combat has a track record of featuring crazy, wonky, way-out-there fantasy elements, up to and including the absurdly massive flying superweapons that are a genuine staple of the franchise.Ace Combat was never about being serious. It was about flying around a surprisingly well-modeled, realistic-looking plane incongruously stuffed with 200-plus anti-everything missiles, and blowing things up with reckless abandon. This and Armored Core was where it was at back in the day, and it was a glorious time to grow up in.Now, AC4 tried to shake things up a bit by introducing a ""relatable"" ""story"" with ""characters"" and such. And it's fairly poor. Thankfully, it doesn't detract from gameplay too much, as the background chatter is easy to tune out, but if examined at length...oh boy. The writing was chunky and oftentimes silly, and the low-grade-anime-quality voice actors delivering the lines made for a very embarrassing experience.""Yeah, we won! Now let's sing our dramatically overwrought national anthem as the camera pans dramatically around our planes! YEAH!""But AC5 didn't improve its horrible dialog and hand-wringingly bad voice acting. In fact, it made it *worse,* as ""story"" became an increasing focus. And then AC6? Oh my and dear me. Just go YouTube the intro, or look up ""dance with the angels - "" actually, no. Don't do that. You'll die of embarrassment. Actually, you should, because the sheer temple-drilling horribleness of that dialogue atrocity is actually important to this review.For years, the core gameplay never really changed between sequels. It was all about going from one target to the next, getting a lock-on, and then double-tapping the missile button to launch precisely two missiles, and flying off to the next enemy. It's fun, for a while, but without any real evolution going on in the background, franchise fatigue was inevitable.So what did they change? Is this game ""Call of Duty with wings,"" as so many reviews claim? Ha, well, the answer is that they changed everything, while actually changing nothing. Let me explain in brief.The ""innovations"" consist of one central new ""feature:"" Dog-Fight Mode. That's right. ""Mode."" As in, one of the core aspects of air combat is now a ""mode."" There's also a differently-named variant for ground attacks, but it's the exact same concept: press a combination of two buttons, and you lock into a more or less on-rails scripted sequence where you keep your target or targets centered while your missiles lock on.I don't even really mind the system in theory. Really, they HAD to do something to change things up, because even as a long-time AC fan, I was getting bored of the one-button double-tap missile fest the game had stubbornly been for years.  What they were trying to achieve with DFM was to add some depth to air battles, make them more dependent on timing and reading movements. It actually plays much better in practice than it sounds going by my description of it. But here's the problem: occasionally, the game uses DFM as an excuse to pretty much put you through an on-rails theme-park ride that's scripted to the end. Don't balk too much - after all, Grand Theft Auto has been doing the exact same thing for years with every single one of its ""dramatic car chases,"" and it's a million seller. But let's be honest - it still sucks.DFM is actually okay on its own. It's got flaws, but the core idea is sound. It takes all the concepts of energy and g-forces and simplifies the crap out of them so as not to burden the core arcade experience with excessive realism, giving the occasional dog-fight a fraction of the intensity and strategy of the real thing. The enemy suddenly peels left, so you have to slow and follow to keep from losing him. He dives and burns, so you have to throttle up to keep pace. A lot of scripting is required, sure, and all of these maneuvers do constitute a sort of timing mini-game in all honesty, but still, the nature of the game's AI would ordinarily prevent exciting dog-fights from actually taking place to begin with. So in that regard, it's nice to have a sort-of-dog-fight experience every once in a while.The problem is when DFM triggers a heavily-scripted setpiece, as mentioned above. It tends to happen at least twice per mission, and you have little to no actual control over the events. Your subject plane becomes temporarily immune to all damage until a sufficiently exciting number of explosions occur within your relative field of view, and the setpiece is over.It's fun the first time, sure, but if you eat a missile (or two, or three) and die, and one of those setpieces occurs after your last checkpoint, be prepared for your next DFM attempt to trigger the exact same pseudo-cutscene again. It will do so the next time you die, too. And the next time.Thankfully, most enemies can be defeated the old-school double-tap way, but you're still avoiding an entire facet of the gameplay. It sucks because these scripted moments, when they do occur, detract from the good the devs achieved, and all but ruin the feature completely. Regular DFM battles are just fine.The ground attacks, though, are boiled crap. They force you on a linear path, often against ALL COMMON SENSE, and it becomes a game of struggling with the lock toggle to send your missiles to the right target. It's just plain horrible, and unlike DFM, it's straight-up forced on you. Do it, or mail your fission, 'cause it's game over.The devs know all about the importance of cushioning a bad landing. In case their grand gameplay experiment failed, they needed a scapegoat to blame for the negative reviews. And so: thematic shift! They hired a half-decent American writer to pen an actually coherent script, applied some color-grading to the post, and for the first time placed the game's events in the real world. So of course the new ""direction of the plot"" was the game's real failing. Oh, yeah, definitely. Don't worry, fans. We'll never do that again, we promise.Sadly, this nonsense seemed to have worked. Most people hate the game because it's ""too American,"" while claiming that the prior games' plots were so good, that they moved them to tears. ""Dance with the angels."" Search it. I'll save space in the review. Anyway, it's not the fault of the ill thought-out gameplay mechanics - it's because they Americanized it. Yeah, that's it. Certainly it, no question.Anyway, in summary - I just can't recommend it. It's broken, it's frustrating. At one point, a dozen planes spawn right behind you when the game expects you take out a boatload of ground targets in less than two minutes. Another has you struggling to shoot down an ICBM whose exhaust causes unavoidable damage. Sucks if you get THAT checkpoint while already critically damaged...like *I* did. Time to restart a 30 minute mission!...or not. Save yourself the trouble, and save yourself the scratch. This game needs to go dance with the angels."
76561198015437466,Not Recommended,228400,12934924,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Derble Derp,"This is my first and only experience with the Ace Combat series.  Many reviewers here who are fans of the series often argue that the changes made to the gameplay have deprived the game of any sense of challenge and thus made the experience extremely boring.  I'm inclined to agree with that statement.  The real perpetrator in regard to dumbing down the gameplay is the new ""Dogfight mode.""  Whenever you get close enough to an enemy fighter, you can trigger a mode where the camera zooms in on your opponent and the game glues your jet to his rear.  At this point, the game practically plays itself for you.  In Dogfight mode, staying behind your opponent requires pretty much no skill at all.  Your fighter is basically placed on a set of rails in DF mode, and there's really no sense of accomplishment when you do take down your foe, because, as said before, there's practically no skill involved.   This might not be so bad, if the campaign did not force you to make use of this mode at certain points.On that subject, the campaign itself is equally bland.  Most of the time you will be  in your fighter engaging in the rather dull air-to-air combat, broken periodically by the chance to fly an attack helicopter or control the targeting computer of an AC gunship or some other gimic.  To the game's credit, I enjoyed some of these set pieces.  Manning the door gun of a helicopter was good fun, and I thoroughly enjoyed the AC gunship section of the game.  Basically, any part of the game that wasn't marred by the flawed movement and dogfighting was pretty enjoyable.  Unfortunately, air-to-air dogfighting comprises the vast majority of the game.  Periodically, you will be required to line up your aircraft to do strafing runs against ground targets, but the joy that could have been had with that is also ruined due to the mandatory use of a ""ground attack mode"" that places your jet on a set of rails, again depriving every last iota of challenge or fun.  The one enjoyable aspect that applies to all parts of the campaign is that periodically when you destroy an enemy, the camera will zoom in on your kill, showing off the ensuing fire, explosions and wreckage in all its destructive glory.  These bits were always pretty impressive to watch.  The story is pretty uninspired; something to do with a civil war in Russia and some ultranationalist group.  It's completely forgetable.On a final note, if you are interested in giving this game a shot, I strongly recommend that you use a controller, as this game does not suit itself well to a mouse.  While AC: AH offers some terrific visuals, the game is held back by some terrible gameplay mechanics, and at the end of the day, a polished turd is still just a turd."
,Recommended,228400,12040756,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Hemingway,This game taught me how to fly.10/10 would dogfight around the Washington Monument again
,Not Recommended,228400,14221453,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Romstat X,"Awful gameplay, i only purchased as a fan of Ace Combat 04 on PS2, this however was not anything like the older game, and odly had terrible graphics for a game claiming HD, Gamepad contols were poorly mapped."
76561198129747696,Not Recommended,228400,18723024,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,xxX_UNSTUMPABLETRUMP_Xxx,"have you ever played a flight sim before? have you ever used a joystick to controll your aircraft realistically?prepare to chuck everything you know and love out the window.this game has practically no controller supporrt eg joysticks etc (360 controllers dont count). but it calls itself a flight sim.the controls for this game are horrendous (as is my spelling) and the graphics are from the 19 50s.dont waste ten quid. do it properly, get somthing else.i recomend flight sim x steam edition or war thunder, but not this....also if your watching the videos above, thats pretty much all the gameplay you get...."
,Not Recommended,228400,8215067,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Faggoty Andy,"A terrible port, on top of being a terrible game.Watch lots of gameplay on youtube before you decide to buy this, the dogfighting mechanic is essentially a terrible QTE, with sloppy controls on a gamepad, and is nearly impossible on a keyboard."
,Not Recommended,228400,9049674,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,YT/Thearcheaon,"As a Ace Combat 6 fan, I personally was really looking forward to this game. I was hoping I would get to use a JoyStick on this game, but no matter what I did I just couldn't get my Logitech Extreme 3D pro to work. The graphics are good, the voice acting is phenomenal but, personally the action seemed kind of dull and the storyline did too. Its just your average shooter."
,Not Recommended,228400,14560883,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Unit076,"I have to say this is one weird game. Keep in mind this opinion comes from a total noob in regards to flight simulator genre,Ace Combat, and any games with planes in it. The first time I ""seriously"" play a flight game wasH.A.W.X.on Xbox 360, and I ended up cockpit first into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ground texture. So yeah, I suck at this kind of games.Things that kind of stick out to me is how the game having ""look over there!""-cutscenes. I don't know about the otherAce Combats, but having told what to do/see via a cutscene always annoys me. You have UI, target designators, stay with it! There are also non-mandatory ones, triggered by a button press when it comes on screen, which I guess you could ignore but I always pressed it anyway.And you also get treated with ocassional slow motion scenes when you destroy a target. I honestly doesn't find it to be a bad thing (and make for a nice footage, if you're into video editing) but it does break the flow of the combat, somewhat.But the mechanics that actually feels like, ""they're kinda watering down the genre, aren't they"" is the DFM, or Dogfight Mode, system. Basically when you are locked on on an enemy, you can activate some sort of an ""automatic enemy chasing"" mode. All you have to worry about is maintaning speed so your enemy doesn't get out of range or being to close to them and being countered by their own DFM (which obviously make that enemy auto-chase your plane.)Although relying too much on DFM could be fatal since limited maneuver means you can't dodge incoming misilles, as the loading screen usually tell you.It's not exactly a bad system, but it does make the flight techniques less... elaborate, for a lack of a better word, especially since the game itself made the use of the system to be mandatory at times. At one point, I even had to restart a very short segment of the game for at least five times because I was out of the DFM too soon and getting a Mission Failed screen, even if the target is alreadydestroyed. You could also argue that the helicopter missions also break the game, but I found it to be an alright distraction from all the plane crashes.All in all, I don't really recommend this game for big fans of flight genres. It feels too ""arcade-y"" and the gimmick system could prove to be an annoyance at times. Unless you don't care about any of that and just want to do some dogfights. Or doing dogfights with (or against) friends. Or you're justTHATdesperate to see more of the 765 idols in video games. Like me.(WARNING FOR LIKE-MINDED PEOPLE:Only six idols are featured as skins in the game!)"
76561198021346691,Not Recommended,228400,23640077,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,clear sky,cant use my mouse?
76561197997305867,Not Recommended,228400,28687062,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,A7X,game structure is not fully compatable with new tech laggs and doesnt respond well to commands
,Not Recommended,228400,15144526,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,exohybrid,Would not dogfight/10don't buy don't play
,Not Recommended,228400,14250915,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,nloc_flick,"total garbage, do not buy."
76561197994490550,Not Recommended,228400,14460491,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Grimvarr,"Bought this at a discount, so I don't feel too bad. However, this is not a game like HAWX or similar. Very limited airplane control (no barrel rolls possible for example). It's more a point-and-shoot QTE game than a flight/combat sim.controls are messy, weapons damage is unrealistic, and like I said, flight control is limited to the point of being really weird.Looks great, but flies horrible. Wouldn't recommend."
76561198051289387,Recommended,228400,11393551,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Capt. KennySuraki,This game is epic imho.Pro:Strong storyGood visualsAwesome musicFast paced aerial actionLots of unlockablesCon:Can be repetitiveShort SP campaignThats my opinion. I love the game and I will play it more.
,Recommended,228400,563363,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Desperado,this is a pretty good game if you are a fan of America but not of ace combat
76561198018600125,Not Recommended,228400,9757846,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,{BN}Capt.Tiger,"TOTAL LOAD OF SHY  TE !!!! NO WAY CAN AN ENEMY DO A 180 WHEN BEING FOLLED THEN SUDDENLY HAVE A LOCK ON YOU . THIS GAME IS SO SHY TE DO NOT BUY EVEN FOR 1C OR 1P ,, CANNOT ROLL AIRCRAFT CANNOT LOOP CANNOT CONTROL AS ANY FIGHTER WOULD, THIS ID FU CK ING RETAR DED 100% DO NOT PURCHASE, ON ROOOKIE YOU GET MORE LOCK ONS THAN FLYS ON SHY TE ,,, TOTAL CR AP SHY TE FU CK ING  RET RDED COMPLETER WASTE OF TIME MONEY AND DOWNLOAD TIME !!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,228400,7962749,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,CommanderKeen,"There are very few games that I can truly say have been this awful. But as someone who played Ace Combat as a kid, I feel so very let down by this terrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of what what was one of my most beloved childhood games. Do not make the mistake of buying Ace Combat Assault Horizon."
76561197976939633,Not Recommended,228400,7874310,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,MadMonkey,"Not worth the money. Ace Combat 6 was excellent, but in this one they changed the core gameplay. I'm not a fan."
,Not Recommended,228400,7987150,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,狐,Impossible to login into Games for Windows. Valve says it will be fixed though...
,Not Recommended,228400,8705685,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CorerMaximus,"Hello! This is going to be coming from someone whos played Ace Combat X and X2 on the PSP and has finished playing the full campaign in Assauly Horizon.I'll start by saying the positive and thats that the games got gorgeos graphics. The planes look amazing the the terrain is quite beautiful too. Most of the maps are really well thought out and the artworks on some of the planes are just ridiculous! You get to kill enemies in a pink plane! Things can't get better than that.Unfortunately, thats where all of the noticable positives end for me. I really dislike the games new dogfight mode. It takes away the skill previously required from the Ace Combat series and in addition to that, it gets boring really quickly. Due to its ease and quickness for taking down enemies, most past players of the franchise may find themselves unwillingly using it to quickly make work of the more than necessary enemies thrown at you. I really dislike the alternate helicopter and gunner missions which take away from the jet fighting albeit the bomber missions are refreshing.Lastly, I'm really dissapointed with the storyline. It does not make you feel like that Ace from the Gryphon Squadron like the other titles did and it does not live upto, atleast what I believe a true Ace Combat story line. No giant ships, no ridiculos missions, in trying to make it real with real life environments and maps, they took away the awesomeness of being able to take down flying fortresses which was jaw droppingly thrilling.I understand that this was an experiment, hence did not have a number associated for it, but for a first release, I wish they did not experiment with us. I really do hope they make one with the chemistry the Ace Combat series is known for for the next release :)"
,Not Recommended,228400,14305284,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Burrito Pizza,"Takes away a lot of what made the older Ace Combat games great, and replaces it with crap."
76561197995969913,Recommended,228400,12735373,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,I Am A Cloud,"I am just going to go ahead and say it: This game is pure sex.By that I mean that most of the combat invovles pressing the right button at the right time and not making any sudden moves. As shallow as this is, it is intense. It is full of quick-time events and cinematics of destroying targets with insane amounts of fire power. One can also have fun customizing the paint job and load out of your favorite aircraft and flying your favorite mission.All that said, this is not a game for simulator enthusiists. The control is unrealistic and if you can't **** yourself that there is a chance that getting hit with a salvo of missles could kill you, then you will likely get bored. If you're not into flying jets or giant explosions, this game is not for you.Also, I personally love the power metal-esque sound track."
,Not Recommended,228400,22347340,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pinto,"Cool game if you are a fan of being a gunner fopr a helicopter, besides taht the rest of the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Terrbile plot line, terrible handleing of aircraft, and the game is just austistic in alot of ways. you are more likely to die from hittign the ground cause your autistic game won't allow your plane to do a basic manuever then from being killed by an enemy. You have ♥♥♥♥ing frienldy fighters, but they don't go♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's also way to anal about its story line, forcing you to kill certian aircraft ina certian way. Missiles in the game are almost as♥♥♥♥♥♥as the game itself. My review, it's the WarZ( Infestation Survival Stories) of combat flight sim. If you dont understand that reference, then go read the Steam reviews for that game."
,Not Recommended,228400,22514171,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Echo,I was first excited to get this game but then when I started it up the real horror started.  I don't understand why it is so hard for companies to make functioning controls.  Shouldn't that be the most important aspect of a game.  Even with controller support I don't even see how the developers thought this was a good idea.
76561198004144062,Not Recommended,228400,12766672,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zylo,"Stay away.Far, far away from this piece of junk.controls dont work, you cant rebind them, and, just...YUCK!"
,Recommended,228400,12536299,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,Finished in 24 hours.+for ace combat fans and collectors-too short+-different style of gameplay added into this one. some likes it some does not. I do enjoyed it though.+improved graphics-could have better UI+good port-could have better characters and plots.
76561198006395100,Recommended,228400,13737084,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lavian,"Before I say anything else, I should point out that anyone who claims that they can't invert their plane or do a roll in ACAH didn't have the sense to even look at the options menu. Seriously. This option between control styles has been a thing since the PS2 Ace Combat games, and even if it wasn't, why would you not check the options menu?Moving on...I actually really like ACAH, but with two major complaints.What are those complaints?1. Helicopter missions literally give me a headache. I almost didn't buy the game during the last free weekend because of this.2. The infamous DFM is required to take down certain enemy aces, and there's no shortage of these aces.A minor complaint I have is that in the cockpit view, the HUD isn't integrated into the cockpit. I'd be fine with stunting my abilities a bit (as an optional thing of course) to have a slightly more immersive cockpit.Those two msjor points certainly do damage the game, but it's still an arcade flight game that I find myself coming back to more often than others. It's just a lot of dumb fun. DFM is actually a nice mechanic when it's not shoved down your throat, and being able to get right up into the tail of an opposing fighter as it explodes makes for an interesting change than just seeing a  tiny puff of smoke a kilometer or two away.DFM for the most part is a system about managing your speed to be able to keep on the tail of an opposing fighter while being able to easily lock onto it and/or shoot it down with machine guns. If you get in too close then an enemy can pull off a counter maneuver to get behind you or simply make a hard brake into a direction you're not expecting to escape your sights, but if you're farther away, your acceptable lock-on circle gets smaller, and obviously it's harder to hit with machine guns. It's not quite as ""on-rails"" as some people would have you believe, but it certainly does assist you quite a bit in maneuvering.An interesting note relatinmg to DFM is that I find myself actually having to use DFM to perform as well as in other titles. For whatever reason, pinning an enemy with machine guns seems much harder in ACAH than other arcade flight games I've played. I'm not sure if it's the speed of the game, the AI, or the control sensitivity, but there it is. That said, dropping behind an enemy and firing a couple of missiles works just as well as ever... unless it's an enemy ace. Then it doesn't do anything helpful at all.As much as I like DFM, the game would most certainly be better if it didn't shove it down your throat (I know I made this point already, but it needs to be said again). It takes you on scripted sequences through exploding set pieces, which looks cool, but I'd rather just be able to take down enemies as I like and as fast as I can.Aside from DFM, ACAH makes good use of visual effects to give it a pretty nice sence of speed not captured in most games. This is actually a large reason that I like the game so much, even thought it's pretty much a purely aesthetic thing. The feeling of speed is just... nice.Anyway, Ace Combat: Assault Horizon is a fun game. It's not like other games in the genre (or even in the Ace Combat series) due to its controversial DFM system, but that's not such a bad thing."
,Not Recommended,228400,16338530,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"""You know how the camera is exactly where it should be for our last several games? Let's make this game have a feature where we just zoom into the plane's engines! This way they won't be able to shoot effective and will often crash into♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh, and let's make it mandatory for every dog fight past the third level.""If the above sounds like it isn't any fun, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,228400,14455220,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dükëh,"A bit like the old Ace Combat, but awful."
76561198327614212,Recommended,228400,32336583,Posted: 11 June,all,✪WarWolf Woo✪,"HOLY CRIKESThis game is breathtaking in terms of graphics. I need to stop taking so many screenshots. Also, it barely lags at all. I know a lot of Ace Combat fans dislike it for taking place in the real world (and DFM,) But I like it. I'm having a lot of fun with it."
,Not Recommended,228400,16404545,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ManWoe,"Made by Bandai, Time Crisis in your face"
,Not Recommended,228400,16420342,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wrath,"Terrible, a literal cancer to flying sims/combat sims or just ariel warfare games in general. You couldnt pay me to play this game again."
,Not Recommended,228400,15577176,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mr. Meaner,Terrible.
76561198028753348,Not Recommended,228400,16342086,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Boca,I do not like a mouse/keyboard setup for any flying game. However the game should have options for it that actually work. This game has options for it but they do not work. There are instructions on the steam forum on how to manually edit your configuration file to get them to work. You shouldnt have to do that. I found with my joystick Saitek X52 the controls were sketchy at best and required a lot of fine tuning just to get a manable plane. Requested a refund. Would not reccomend this game and that is sad as I love the Ace Combat series.
76561198088153549,Recommended,228400,11046076,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JIyHaTuK,nice game =)
76561198020870977,Recommended,228400,15005357,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Chomuske,"OK so I have to say as a ACE COMBAT fan from the good old PSX days its not that. It is very very different taking a few things form HAWX series (like ERS and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pumping it full of steroides. Now story wise one you pass it onece it has little to no replay value. The new additions like the helicopter part (quite good) and the God awfull AC130 part are OK but the DFM is cool for the first 5 minutes I would much rather prefere HArd lock from TOP GUN - Hard Lock or Assistance off from HAWX at lest those 2 dont show♥♥♥♥♥♥up my face.Now with all that said you might wonder: ""duude explain 80+ hours"".Well it has to do with the Multyplayer which is awsome tough it can gat a bit boring SINCE NOONE CAN HOST PROPER INTERESTING MATCHES.The multyplayer is the reason you'll want to return to this game. And is better then HAWX'es.TLDRGet it mostly for the multyplayer, the story play one just for lolz."
,Recommended,228400,15532395,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,FAHZA ✅,"Great game, great combat action, great plane, nice cutscene, nice control support, nice gameplay"
76561197978665616,Not Recommended,228400,22694716,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,HoneyBadger,"TurdAlthough its the 'Enhanced Edition', so its an enhanced turd"
76561198038582471,Recommended,228400,7641167,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,CAPS OFFICIAL,7.7/10
76561198017485869,Not Recommended,228400,8767012,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,"greece pay back EU money,plz","Single player mode only :(  (Microsoft Windows Live Play Mutha♥♥♥♥a Now !!!) does not accept the key, issued by steam. And there starts two way ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - Microsoft blame steam, steam redirect You to Microsoft. I do recommend this game, it is awesome, but what about online? And i know, loads of people have the same issue. ... ehh"
76561198018365860,Not Recommended,228400,9913347,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,RzrComs,This game sucks...It's basicly a Rebrand of Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X
76561198141230186,Recommended,228400,10988562,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Censored,This game is ok it get really boring at time sometimes i run out of ammon during missions8/10
,Not Recommended,228400,10348081,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Clarkey,"Bought this on offer, the game won't get past the first mission. Crashes to desktop everytime."
76561198018520716,Not Recommended,228400,10695533,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sonicstingray,"Rail-shooter mode engage!Dogfight Mode:Does it look cool? -yeah.Is it fun the first few times? -mmhm.Does it get old fast? -you bet.Technically it's ""optional."" Meaning, you can try to shoot down as many planes as you want using the old ways of manual flight. Try... The game is so bent on wanting you to like this new mechanic that it makes it nearly impossible to hit anything unless you slap on the training wheels, especially the higher ranking pilots. Many of these ace pilots can be shot for days with missiles, bullets, doesn't matter. You can't actually damage them at all unless you turn on DFM and surrender control to a pre-determined flight path. The worst thing you can do in a game is to make the player feel like a spectator, andwatching this cutsceneplaying this game will do that to you."
,Not Recommended,228400,11785963,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mobius1B7R,"As a fan of Ace Combat, I got this the day it came out on the consoles and was massively disappointed.  The DFM mode you HAVE to use to shoot down airplanes is clunky at best and just awful.  They basically wanted a share of the Call of Duty bro crowd and made the game as such, making it complete crap.  The set pieces aren't fun and neither is the dogfighting."
76561197994408157,Recommended,228400,23088231,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DrFetid,Although part of the campaign is a bit dull and less exciting the tense moments of dogfighting and precision flying make up for the quiet moments.
,Recommended,228400,13227126,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,PsyЯen,"+Pretty graphics+DFM is nice+Soundtrack (some of it)-Vomit inducing story (Russians are the bad guys)-No strangereal (No cool experimental planes)-Helicopter levelsBottom line: This is by far, the weakest AC I've ever played. If you are looking for something like AC3 or AC Zero, you'll be thoroughly disappointed. Still, AC:AH manages to be better than AC:JA. I'll recommend it due the new gameplay tweaks, since it was an honest effort to improve the game."
76561198048933604,Not Recommended,228400,15127531,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Seppe-Sai,If you're a fan of flight sims get something else.
76561198064398808,Not Recommended,228400,15678275,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,VintageTech,"The only positive reviews from this game of from stupid kids with low standards that haven't played any of the AC games.  The dog-fight mode cripples this game, takes skill away, and takes away any fun factor that once existed.  It is one of the new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics games throw in there to appease ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that only play games for the graphics.  It essentially turns it from a fighter pilot game, to a point and click game.  Just stay away."
76561198067532286,Not Recommended,228400,15725838,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MentalRaptors,"Bought it, installed it, played it, didn't like it.The arcade-style controls don't make any sense to me which takes away the fun, even though the graphics are good."
,Not Recommended,228400,15734945,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Setari,Zoom-in-and-shoot-flawlessly Simulator 2000.There is a mechanic in the game that literally lets you take down anyone within seconds.Awful. Where has the quality from the PS2 version of Ace Combat gone?Would not recommend unless on sale for 5 or less dollars. Story is also extremely boring.
,Recommended,228400,9730732,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,FoxDie,"Get it on sale now! Runs through Steam, not windows live, not gamespy. Download, play Multiplayer right away legit...quick, done."
,Recommended,228400,9766072,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Geeb,"Its a great game, but when you change the controls to how you want it they don't always change."
76561198094195456,Recommended,228400,13000489,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,indian284868,"It's an upgrade form previous ACE COMBAT'S wich makes it a lot better, but the controls are a little wonky and the game will cheat so so so much! It's a little short for me, but the missions make up for it plus you gat a co-op feature in this which makes it a lot better. You also get some pretty good planes with kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons like the Trinity."
,Recommended,228400,34988062,Posted: 15 September,all,mhenryblack,Superb air combat game.  I feel like a modern fighter ace.  Only played the first few missions and I can see this is well worth the price.  especially on sale.Had to recommend.  I cannot understand why the ratings are not more positive.will update when i beat the campaign.
76561198093422838,Not Recommended,228400,35013501,Posted: 16 September,all,TriggeredTendie,"Save your money for ACE COMBAT 7. This game was made for the mainstream casual audience, and doesn't represent the true ACE COMBAT experience."
76561198032084525,Not Recommended,228400,16372930,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kuvakei,"Combat is similar to previous ace combat games, but the new addition of dogfight mode completely takes you out of the fight and has ruined litterally the entire game. There is no way to avoid dogfights or they will continuously shoot flairs to deflect your missiles."
,Not Recommended,228400,16289869,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Hardcor_od,"TERRIBLE FOR AN ACE COMBATE GAME DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! UNLESS YOU HAVE NEVER PLAYED ACE COMBAT, AND LIKE TRAINS GO AHEAD.but incase you have no idea how a dogfight takes place, this one  puts you on the shreck train to ♥♥♥♥ you if you think you can kill this guy in anyother way ( i.e long range missiles) because the devs want to put cinimatics spooging over your face like a particullar cirlce of 18 years old who havent seen a women hoo hoo in 3 years.the rail combat is that terrible you might as well play janes advanced strike fighter. at least your not forced into a railway only to arrive at dissapointment station platform 1f off.controling the planes isnt great I found it juttery so having to fiddel arround with the settings i finnaly found a free movment rather than it snapping back to wonder land.I did find that the graphics where ok and the sound quality, how ever the one rotten egg in the room ruined it all for me and it quickly killed off wanting to progress further in the game......AND TO THINK I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS GAME, SO DEVS TAKE THE TRAIN RIDE OFF AND LET US DOGE FIGHT HOWEVER WE LIKE!!!"
,Recommended,228400,35046588,Posted: 18 September,all,Nathan,"Assault Horizon is an OK game; more of an arcade style flight simulator than a realistic one to be fair. This title shares most of it's name with the Nintendo 3DS title Ace Combat: Assault Horrizon Legacy (+) but outside of the name; it's not really the same. Legacy has a much better story and is far more entertaining to play; but I'd say neither really hold up to the Ace Combat name. Although it has a lackluster plot; the multiplayer aspect is where this game is at it's best, being able to play the story missions Co-Op made them a bit more tollerable. The standard multiplayer features a few modes, Standard Team Death Match, Free For All, ect. This is where I'd say the main focus should be for potential players of Assult Horrizon. Get a few friends to buy the game; make an online lobby, and just have at it. It's far more fun the more players you have in the dogfight (up to 16 potentially) and a good old 1V1 is fun every now and then. THe game has somewhat compotent AI, but they're nothing amazing as to be expected. $19.99 is a bit high for a game with very few active players; but it's fun none the less. If you're looking for a good flight combat sim; this is a good choice, but it's not the best Ace Combat game."
,Not Recommended,228400,12606412,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Seygardblaze,Lack of Multiplayer support
,Not Recommended,228400,11932050,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Slimmer556,I liked the part where the game did the flying for me and I just shot homing missiles. This game is garbage.
,Not Recommended,228400,25021951,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,☭Comяade Яed☭,"The combat in this game is trash. Absolutely awful.Expect to spend every single dogfight with an AI pilot ALWAYS on your tail at all times. Your evade ability will eventually stop working for no reason. Enemy aircraft take 3 (THREE) missiles hits to destroy. THREE MISSILES! And that's hits. You'll actually need to fire more like 5 or more because they'll use countermeasures on you. The machine gun is entirely useless and you wouldn't notice if it wasn't in the game at all.Absolutely, positively, do not recommend. Go play a real game like HAWX 2. Sure uplay is annoying but that's nothing compared to this trainwreck."
,Recommended,228400,3760340,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,美的  S Y S T E M S,"Throw your money at it, this game needs more attention!"
,Not Recommended,228400,28583812,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rastanza,"This game is an unfortunate case.If you're a PC-exclusive gamer, this is likely the closest you will ever get to experiencing Ace Combat. The problem is, this isn't Ace Combat. It's Call of Duty where you control a plane instead of a burly white dude. It even has turret sections and an AC-130 mission.If you don't have access to a Playstation 2, then maybe pick it up. The dogfighting in this game isn't terrible, but the pacing is constantly broken up by QTE's and the so-called ""dogfight mode"", which essentially takes all flight control away from the player and engages ""WICKED AWESOME CINEMATIC CAMERA"" mode.If you do have a Playstation 2 however, do yourself a favour and pick up Ace Combat 4, 5 and Zero off of Amazon or something, play a proper Ace Combat game and hope to the holy Christ of gaming that Ace Combat 7 gets a PC port."
76561198073175606,Recommended,228400,19895966,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,hydraxon,"THIS IS NO FLIGHT SIMULATOR. THIS IS ADRENALINE PUMPED, MISSLE SLINGIN, 1 VS BALLS OUT WAR!!!!!!!Would be nice if they let you use your controller and not the keyboard or whatever that other thng is on the controls option (i think its a joystick IF IM WRONG JUST PLEASE READ THE REST)If they let me use my controller and not make me an ace pilot on a keyboard I'd FULLY RECOMMEND this game cause it's ace combat.It doesn't feel like the ace combats on console (I still have AC 4, 5, Zero, and Fires of Liberation I think), even though ,they feel apart from one another as well in terms of how fast the controls respond.All of the Ace Combat's ,Including this one ,have Stellar Soundtracks that make every battle feel alive.The stories in each game are not continuations from the last which is fine New ideas are always welcome. Assault horizon is the only one with its special features, kill cams, and being a door gunner of a helicopter in the campaign.If only i could use my controller right off the bat then it would be perfect. I'm recommending it any way.THIS IS THE WAY AN AIRPLANE COMBAT GAME SHOULD BE."
76561198111172365,Recommended,228400,11399828,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ultimate,FANTASTIC! Love it!
,Recommended,228400,15822592,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Harkenstein,"This game is basically arcade-flight game. I prefer simulators more, those where you can actually feel wind beneath your wings and enjoy thrills of aircombat to the maximum. There really ain't that much control over your plane here, it's bit like sitting in a flying sledge full of stones and shooting missiles like some b-a Santa from hell. So if you're seeking for simulator consider something else.  But if you're ok with nice graphics, nice action and don't expect anything else for you money - well, that's actually what you will get. I liked it even though I felt disappointed. With proper flying model this game would be really good, now it's only ok."
76561197980210376,Recommended,228400,18023374,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Barna,"b e a u t i f u l game!!!everything works perfectly, gamepad or keyboardeasy to controlgood graphicsdog fight combat system really really good!!!8/10"
76561198024935875,Recommended,228400,8601348,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[AKBS] God Damnit Toshi,"Beyond the Games for Windows Live issues, the game itself is amazing. Personal recommendation. Love the flight system and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,228400,17502118,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sharlut ♣ @World 5-3,"The only Ace Combat game to be properly released on PC and it is the worst game in the series.It ♥♥♥♥♥ on the old games by adding real world locations, helicopter missions, giving the faceless pilot not only a face but also a voice which happens to be a stereotypical American white guy.The planes are still as good as ever, I can say that with absolute certainty. The F22/A Raptor makes a glorious return and looks and feels amazing. The overall quality in graphics is nice, a definiate improvement over the 2D textures that the older PS2 games had.Oh here we go, the helicopter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is by far the biggest problem in the game. They are boring and lobrious. Helicopters are slow, awkward to control and don't feel as satisfying when you control them. Like when you shoot another plane down in a plane, it's fast moving, you have skill in that. In a helicopter, you move so slow and aim so easily it is a joke. They are filler missions which pad the game more than they should.There are other benefits though, mid-level check points. A long overdue feature. Nothing more annoying than playing Whiskey Corridor only to die about 1 minute from the end because you get rekted by an AA gun you neglected to see. Dog Fight Mode (DFM) was an interesting concept as well, but felt poorly integrated. A few times after exited that mode because I downed the enemy I crashed into a wall/floor because of the exiting angle. Enemies in this mode also seem to take about 50x more missiles to take out, which makes no sense at all. Also, planes now bleed all over your screen when you kill them.Music in this game is also pretty lame in comprassion to the others. Megalith Agnus Dei, Zero both classic music from the games. Even Sea of Chaos from AC Unsung War is memoriable. I can't even name one track from this game.The game is only not recommended because I am a ♥♥♥♥ing AC fan and it shocks me this was released.ALSO DEAD MULTIPLAYER.TL;DRWould I recommend this game? To a new player, yes. Someone who has no idea of the past games it will be okay to play if you like flight sims. Buy it on sale though. It isn't worth the £10 they want to charge. It goes on sale for like £2.50 sometimes. Still a rip off, but a bit better.For a classic AC player? No. This game ♥♥♥♥♥ on the game series you love."
,Not Recommended,228400,13855997,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MaxVector,"This is as simple as a review as it gets...This game took the air combat out of ace combat and turned it into a shallow quicktime event.  This is the worst ace combat in the entire series.  The missions are dull and lifeless.  It feels like a quick time generator.  Its  a video game designed in a board room full of people who want more ""Call of Duty"" in every game.  Pass on this one.Final Grade: C"
,Recommended,228400,16114311,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dan | Essentials.TF,"Very fun with a joystick, but I don't recommend using anything else! (maybe a gamepad?)"
,Recommended,228400,16391332,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Modoc,"Great Game, definately different from the rest of the franchise however."
76561198088392978,Recommended,228400,16019398,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ze German Fox 狐,Terrible Ace Combat game but a Great Flight Game. Hopefully the other Ace Combats get PC Releases
,Recommended,228400,13820022,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[SFW]Raptor,"It's a nice game for those who like Simulator especially using Modern Jet Plane and Helicopter. Graphics are good, but the story is too short (Missions).I hope there are more AC games in the future.Plus I like those Idolmaster skins ^^"
,Not Recommended,228400,13820730,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,nugunsknight,Not really what I had imagined based on playing the PS2 games.6/10 Will complete campaign once
,Not Recommended,228400,13857192,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,evan002,"This game is ok at best, very limited controlls, extremely repeditive, Overall I was bored with it,"
76561198105760351,Not Recommended,228400,13867506,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,nicholas.kennedy92,"I loved old Ace Combat games. This however, is terrible. Don't do what I did and assume the reviews are probably being overly critical, they aren't, they don't go far enough. This game is really disappointing, I payed £2 for it and I still feel robbed. From graphics to gameplay. You can't even roll your plane upside down, the ""press 7 to win"" button. How a game series can take such a backwards step I will never know."
76561198073953820,Not Recommended,228400,13871752,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DoctorNoob,It's a piece of junk!
76561198048734808,Not Recommended,228400,13886402,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Qmorth,In short .. game is♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of time/waste of any penny u pay for it ! I was so disapointed in game god damn ...
76561198080129255,Not Recommended,228400,13901947,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,sniperminer1,"I am a huge fan of ac combat 6 and really enjoy the other ace combats but this game is just, WOW! I can't believe it, imagine flying with no rudder, basiclly driving not able to turn lft or right."
,Not Recommended,228400,13761302,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kingo1000,No goodterrible graphicsgameplay is really unrealistic and is really linier:(
76561198024040625,Recommended,228400,14038043,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gatcha,Flip as a helicopter. Naruto/10
,Not Recommended,228400,10417968,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,marcvader,"Nothing like the good origial and is a waste  of time, please buy the classic."
76561198124408121,Recommended,228400,21239486,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Captain S-217,"Awesome game, they should do more like this!"
,Not Recommended,228400,21718153,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,andrelol3,"Don't buy this piece of crap. I bought it at full price because the ""professional reviewers"" were saying the game was good... Well, it isn't.The dogfights in the game are nothing more than quick-time events. The gameplay in this garbage has NOTHING to do with past Ace Combat titles.This is was dumbed down version of Ace Combat. It's like an Ace Combat for the modern gamers and gaming journalists, in other words, it's a game made to please idiots with no skills that only want to look are pretty explosions on screen while thinking they are hardcore because they are playing a game with no color and angry military characters.If you have a 3DS, go buy Assault Horizon there... The 3DS version is actually an awesome remake of Ace Combat 2."
,Not Recommended,228400,11814973,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Stoon,"I totally DISLIKE this game... Its not any other ACE Combat Game out there... I would not recommend you spend a cent on this game.... The Game mechanics are so poorly made... There is a Dog Fight Mode.. its so hard to get a lock on and keep it and its like the only way to kill jets... With out it shooting missles don't do anything because of flares... If I could I would get my money back on this game... Trust me when I say this is a waste of money... If you want to play it... Torrent it first before you pay a cent for it and see for your self it sucks...  If you want a flying game with Airplanes and Jets, Check out War Thunder its free and way funnier to play..."
76561198139614545,Not Recommended,228400,32143752,Posted: 2 June,all,Wonderpill,"I know I am quite a few years late to this game... but the flight simulator market has never been very good on consoles... thank goodness this game got ported to PC.Not a fan of the series, though I have played quite a few of these over the last few decades, none of them have been very good.  If you like lining up little red squares, and triangles, and then pressing a button, then maybe this game is perfect for you.  I for one found this getting old during the intro mission.I switched up the controls to be much more complex, and still it fails to reach any sort of flight simulation, and still maintains that Arcade feel, but not of dogfighting, but rather a puzzle game, matching on screen inputs.This is closer to an airborne guitar hero, than it is to any sort of combat game.Gun sounds... actually ALL the sound in this game is so weak, that you feel as if you are farting the other planes out of the sky.Helicopter missions as a gunner, are campy, at the very most, and provide no substance to the game, but repeat the farting at nearly invisible targets, while having your view almost completely obscured.Not fun.Not remotely.I consider myself a fan of flight combat, and this simply falls short on all fronts."
76561198126811472,Not Recommended,228400,32403281,Posted: 13 June,all,IsThisFrozen?YOUDONKEY!,we need Ace Combat 4 not this disgrace! buy this game on a console not pc you donkey!
76561197980896334,Not Recommended,228400,14464746,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PTT.Tamachan,"I loved the ace combat games growing up but I'd rather punch a lion in front of his mates than play this s*** for another minute.Gameplay is blander than leftover freeze-dried tofu, dipped in lightly salted water."
76561198132762218,Not Recommended,228400,18557325,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,smash for cash,too dum to play the game well this is so dumed down you too can be the best
76561198019179790,Not Recommended,228400,14463773,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,IronTor,"Я не рекомандую игрую.Сделана, конечно, интересно, однако миссии становятся однотипными и начинают раздражать.Пытался пройти игру ради того, чтобы пройти, однако и этого у меня не получилось"
,Not Recommended,228400,23494671,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ugeeze,"I will not install this never again. tried to  with all kinds of joysticks and gamepads. Even keyboard and mouse. This game do not want u 2 win. The game ,says, let me miss-sal u a 100 times. Then u will win the game."
,Recommended,228400,28646522,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hawkeyeshx,even with its age still a great game
,Recommended,228400,32648699,Posted: 22 June,all,Oberstgruppenführer,Good Game
,Recommended,228400,15284358,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Lupin386,"Pros:Compelling storyFull voice oversBeautiful graphics with cutscenesCustomizable aircraft models all rendered in high resolution with their own stats, compatible weapons, skins and pilot skills.Real-time physics battle damage details - see the individual holes from cannon fire or watch an enemy plane be cut in half by a missile.Compatible with a controller or flight stick*Multiplayer is SO much fun and very much feels like a sort of Call of Duty in the air, with a skill system roughly comparable to COD's (*Unfortunately, Multiplayer is dead.  Like, completely and utterly dead.  But if you have ever managed to get into a completely filled 8 X 8 multiplayer game of capital conquest, you are very lucky.  It's a shame.)Fully animated cockpit view for each planeFirst in series to have playable helicopters, Heavy Bombers and AC130 - Playable in campaign and the non-existant multiplayer (except the AC130) along side and against fighter, multirole and light bomber aircraft.New Air Strike Mode (ASM) streamlines bombing runs and works really well.New Dog Fight Mode (DFM)(the single biggest issue of the game - will explain more in Con section) Allows for the developers to create some intensely cinematic, but scripted dog fights.Bonus aircraft, maps, skins and multiplayer skill upgrades that were not available in console version.Con:Dog Fight Mode (DFM) takes all the skill out of flying and is mandatory for certain campaign enemies.  The controversial new flying mode that you can engage virtually anytime you are facing a target within a certain range allows you to automatically position your aircraft behind your current target (and DFM has no issue with breaking the laws of physics to accomplish this: causing the DFM engaging plane to magically straffe sideways, stop or impossibly accelerate as the plane automatically follows your target allowing you to shoot missiles and cannon fire at it from behind (which are magically stronger and more accurate in this mode).  DFM is cheap and annoing, but not always a death sentence.  DFM is possible to reverse by braking hard so the pursuing plane overshoots and you automatically flip and follow your former pursuer at the press of the two shoulder buttons on your controller when prompted.  Or the plane being chased can escape manually without using DFM themselves by accellerating out of missile range or turning sharply to evade the pursuing aircraft.  You can also ""support"" a team mate engaged in DFM when prompted within range which causes the supporting aircraft to automatically fly with the lead pursuing aircraft and share radar information: causing both lead and supporting pursuing aircraft's missiles to be more accurate and deadly while engaged in DFM with a support aircraft.  Summary: DFM is the biggest flaw of the game.  It is mandatory in the campaign, and puts anyone who doesn't use it during multiplayer at a huge disadvantage against even a novice who knows how to engage DFM.  Dog Fight Mode takes away the need for the pilot to skillyfully position and pusue their enemy and is an unrealistic and cheap over simplification of the controls which breaks the laws of physics to set you up for the perfect missile shot against virtually any locked on air target within range by automatically positioning you behind the target and then automatically steering for you so you can focus on getting a missile lock or lining up a machine gun strike while only having to worry about controlling the plane's movement except for the throttle to prevent overshooting the enemy.Oh and theres the complete lack of multiplayer that's a pretty big con, which is frustrating for a game with some much multiplayer potential and replayability with the new customization system and new helicopter and heavy bomber aircraft types.And another stupid♥♥♥♥♥con for this game is the fact that if you get targetting by a missile and you are in a helicopter, you can press the shoulder buttons to evade the missile when prompted by what else but doing a barrel roll.  Which looks dumb as hell to see an apache attack helicopter flipping around the battlefeild avoiding missiles.  I don't understand why they didn't just use flares or electronic countermeasures or something...But, despite it's flaws, the game has huge, beautiful and detailed environments with beautiful and detailed planes flying around dogfighting with real physic based battle damage systems.  The Campaign is fun, and the multiplayer is like Call of Duty in the sky...well, if it is ever revived... which I'm afraid multiplayer for this one probably won't be ever restored. It's a real pity.  Don't get me wrong, I love this game, but I would pick it up when it is on sale."
,Recommended,228400,17454002,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Cipher,"This game is amazing in its own way. Sure many of the Ace series fans are put off by the DFM mode and the scenes. But it doesnt matter if you play with a open mind. It's good. I love it. It's enjoyable. The multiplayer yes was dead its not anymore. I'v played countless multiplayer games this week ranging from Capital conquest to Deathmatches to Co-op. Sure there are alot of drawbacks but it doesnt hinder you much. The DFM is a good addition,  it allows various maneouvers and  fast paced action. I dont understand how the kill cam is annoying? Having played this game for a considerable amount of time I can say its just brings a new angle of approach to AH. Heli's are shure booring so is the AC-130 but its a good package neverthless."
,Recommended,228400,18065830,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,XOXOƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷSkyler!ツ,Best flight-combat-simulation game ever! Would recommend to a great friend! 10/10!!
76561198007623529,Not Recommended,228400,28931208,Posted: 1 January,all,Jazzninja,"Oh man I so wanted to like this game, and I bought it thinking the negative reviews must surely be too harsh. Well, I tried, and sadly the game just wants to be hated. The first few air combat missions were fun, the new mechanics got a little tedious but all in all it was exhilerating. Until I got to the first helicopter mission, which just went on and on, and then required me to precision snipe around a friendly target while overpowered enemy helos tore me to shreds. The first few tries I kept killing the friendly, and then 8 tries later I gave up. It wasn't fun, it's not what Ace Combat is about and I want my $5 back."
,Recommended,228400,25798214,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Smokey,ace as usual
76561197984503913,Recommended,228400,9291334,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SKINZ,"It is what it is, as far as these types of games go this ones pretty good. Although this is not a simulation game its arcadey all the way, if you enjoy abit of fun without taking it too seriously then pick this one up on sale. Dont expect anything mind blowing, Overall 6.5/10"
76561198030172991,Not Recommended,228400,14887609,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,AmericanCaesar,"This game will definitely appeal to certain people...but I'm not one of them. It is, overall, a pretty braindead game that you will never really put much thought into. Dogfights, though visually appealing, aren't strategic in any way. No interesting story or characters to speak of. The overall experience felt like a bif explosive rollercoaster that was designed for me to win rather than for me to think my way through an actual challenge (think singleplayer Call of Duty in the air). I'm no grapgics junkie, but the ground textures were the absolute worse I've seen in any case of recent memory. A few trees and buildings are actually rendered in 3D over a mesh, but the rest of the world is a extremely low res flat texture laid out on the floor like a newspaper. Homeless people sleep on prettier things than this. This is not a game where you will want to fly very close to the ground...ever. If mindless, Japanese military-wannabe games is your thing then you'll enjoy it. I personally wish I could have the time I spent on this back."
,Not Recommended,228400,1208594,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,If you want to play a real Ace Combat game get your hands on AC4 or AC5 for the PS2 or something. Supposedly the last one wasn't that good and this one... well I doubt I'll ever play it again. It seems Ace Combat has gone the way of Call of Duty.RIP Ace Combat.TotalBiscuit - WTF Is...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipkIuwztBnk
,Recommended,228400,9720529,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Smoke Fumus,"Who need ultra realism or just realism in flight simulators when you can have fun addictive arcade'ish gameplay? No one.So, about this game. Have you played mig-29 fulcrum, from nova logic? Imagine the same but with even more arcadish physics/controls, ai automatically performing combat turn, and also high presence of drugs a.k.a. close-up dogfighting.Top if with voice acting and interesting story and here you go - AC: AS.I like it. Alot. Although it doesn't stand as close to older installments in series, it still holds up as proof that for a fun plane game you don't need to go all the way up with realism."
,Recommended,228400,14694903,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,goka9696,"""hurr durr game is different from old ace combat games""I played old ace combat games, this one is good."
76561198042039557,Not Recommended,228400,32637535,Posted: 22 June,all,xRaptor2010x,way too arcadish and a huge leap from the true Ace Combat play style we all love
76561198027070230,Not Recommended,228400,17978692,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lancer Lee,"Too many unfixed bugs in this game, will completely effect your gaming experience. That with awkward controls and many other small problems make this one of the worst Ace Combat games in existence"
,Not Recommended,228400,11405497,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Arsene-Lupin,"A seriously terrible game. Ignoring the trite, jingoistic, racist narrative: the gameplay consists of on-rails segments that are heavily scripted; there are only a few missions for each type of aircraft (bomber/fighter/heli); in-mission enemy aircraft do not fly into the area--they spawn out of nothing right beside you; there's very little SP content--once you finish the campaign, that's it. No reason to re-play missions, no free flight option, no way to set up your own dogfights, etc., etc.Extremely terrible game.And to cap it all off, there's no way to exit the game in-mission (and these tedious Call-of-Duty-inspired mission can be upwards of 40 minutes long) so to escape this putrid rubbish you have to alt+tab out to close the program, or manually cut the process. Yikes."
76561198141358649,Recommended,228400,25077773,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Paragon of Hope,"I actually really like the franchise and I give them credit for making 5, 6 & 7 have different play styles rather than letting it go stale like, say, CoD.I don't like the close range chases, I don't like how after the cam focuses on the kill and spawns you in a location near it. I would prefer holding the B or O button and watch it when I want to.Pros :Good variety*, bombing, AC-130, helicopter beside the usual dogfight.Action packed, Micheal Bay would be proud.Good PC port.Free paint jobs.Great vehicle models, choices and planes talk the language of the country they were made in.^Attention to detail.Cons :Gets stale fast after you play your favorite missions a few times which there are not enough of compared to 31 or so of AC5.Story and narrative is meh compared to 5 or 6 having some layers besides ""I'm mad at this guy, I gotta stop him"", no real depth.""Boss"" fights were a let down. Chasing a missile, ICBM and a dogfight.The on-rail dogfights is not something I would like to see in the future, won't blame them for trying something new or differnt though.No Pre-game map showing some ground/air targets, I brought bombs to a dogfight here.Little replay value, compare to 5 which you have to play at least 2 times just to get the secret plane or 6 where once you get the CFA, you just want to keep coming back to it and just destroy everything in your path.No Fuel Air bomb, not even on the A-10, I miss dropping mini nukes :(.Would gladly buy 5&6 if they were available.What I'd like in the future :Abilities of 6 (friendly/enemy electronic support on the map).Narrative of 5 (letting us make choices on what we say midflight makes me care more about wingmen).Gameplay of 5&6 (chasing dogfight is better than a dogfight on rails going from target to target. Having the ability to command wimgmen is welcomed).Variety* of 7.Cutscene interactions of 7 but with more depth would be appriciated maybe make it have impact or consequence.Difficulty of 5&6, Planes less agressive unless in a swarm, larger numbers and easier to kill with dmg that doesn't heal (AC6 ""WMD"" mission) unless I go land and come back to the battlefield. Please don't force me to on-rail dogfight every time just because it makes it easier.Soundtrack of 5&6 (I still have both the OST's and love em).Smacking into the ground should be instakill on any difficulty. Bumping into a plane since its softer, is a good idea though.Bosses of 5&6, This game took itself too seriously and ended up not being as fun. I love the Aigion and Megalith, needs more of that.On the bombing mission, it's the only time to go on a bombing run, I would rather not be OP and actually put in effort into bombing ground, which needs more targets on every mission.A bomber with 99 flares going on approach for a corridor of death is cool, a plane with 6 flares VS a destroyer wrecking you that you can't even shoot missiles at is sad."
,Recommended,228400,26210273,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,raven666wings,"ACE COMBAT comes back with a bang and takes air combat to new heights in the 14th installment of the series.Developed by Project Aces and published by Namco Bandai, ASSAULT HORIZON Enhanced Edition was released for Windows in 2013 through Steam. It was the fist time an ACE COMBAT game was released on PC, and it is radically different from previous ones in many ways.New combat systems added new elements of gameplay specific to Assault Horizon.""Close-Range Assault"" (CRA) increases combat intensity and bring the action closer to the player without the feeling of ""shooting at far away dots"", something often experienced in air combat games. In game this feature is named ""Dogfight Mode"" (DFM) for air-to-air battles and ""Air Strike Mode"" (ASM) for air-to-ground targets. They are not optional, as certain planes and ground targets cannot be destroyed without CRA.For the first time in the series, you will alternate between piloting fighter jets, attack aircraft, helicopters and bombers as the story progresses; the game introduces the B-1 and B-2 strategic bombers and the AH-64 Apache and UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters as player-flyable vehicles. Certain missions may call for players to act as Black Hawk door gunners or weapons officers aboard the AC-130 Spectre gunship, while others put them in the role of a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber.The game runs on a revamped engine allowing for destruction in a scale never seen before in Ace Combat - or in any flight simulator. It allows real-time deformation, for example: sustained gunfire on an enemy fighter will rip its tail off, while more severe damage will either tear the wings off or in more extreme cases even completely disintegrate the airframe as a whole, spilling the aircraft's oil across the sky and forcefully ejecting the pilot from the cockpit.  Buildings and other structures are subject to combat damage and deform in real time. Scenery damage is often combined with Close Range Assault to provide a cinematic feel to gameplay.Two control schemes are provided: ""Original"" and ""Optimum"". The 'Original' setting is similar to the controls known as ""expert controls"" in the previous Ace Combat games. It gives full control of the aircraft. On the other side, the new ""Optimum"" scheme prohibits full rolls, to gain the stability needed to use ""Close Range Assault System"" more efficiently.High-G Turns are still available, as well as Autopilot. A new feature called ""Flight Assistance"" provides comfortable options to players like Auto-leveling, Automatic Collision Prevention, Automatic Stall Prevention, sight assist and Automatic forward Target Selection. These options can be turned on/off.Co-operative missions and free-for-all Deathmatch have returned in Multiplayer mode, and two other new game types have been added, ""Capital Conquest"" and ""Domination"".In Capital Conquest, two teams of 4 or 8 take control of their headquarters, and must destroy the other team's. First, the transmission base in the center of the map must come under one team's control; once that's accomplished, the multiroles and attackers can initiate Air Strike Mode to damage the other team's HQ.In Domination, two teams of 4 or 8 battle it out to take control of three different bases in one single city. Taking control of a base is similar to the ""King of the Hill"" mode in other games, one team must stay for some time to take over. The opposing team must destroy the ground targets that appear around that base, and then they must stay a certain amount of time to take over.Available aircraft include classics like the Typhoon, Rafale M, Su-34 Fullback, Su-35 Flanker-E, Su-47 Berkut, MiG-29A Fulcrum, F-14D Super Tomcat, F-15E Strike Eagle, F-16C Fighting Falcon, F/A-18F Super Hornet, F-22A Raptor, among others like the A-10A Thunderbolt II or F-117A Nighthawk, while also including new designs like the Sukhoi PAK FA and the F-35B Lightning II. You also get to play as a gunner of an AC-130 Spectre. There are 9 post-release downloadable aircraft which include the ASF-X Shinden II, a fictional aircraft designed by Macross creator Shōji Kawamori in cooperation with Namco Bandai, the Su-37 (with at least one skin being of Yellow Squadron), F-4E Phantom II (DLC: Pre-order/EU Limited Edition exclusive), Ka-50 Hokum, Tornado GR.4, AV-8B Harrier II Plus, YF-23A Black Widow II, F-15S/MTD, and the CFA-44 Nosferatu.Unlike in the previous games, you don't have to purchase aircrafts, you can instead choose freely from whichever are available for the upcoming mission. The selection is limited by the nature of the mission. After selecting the aircraft, you can also select its paint scheme and special weaponry. There are special paint schemes that may be unlocked while playing through the campaign or multiplayer. In missions that switch between different player characters, you have to select aircraft for all of them. You have no control over the aircraft and weaponry of their wingmen though, they'll choose the aircraft with the best stats available for the mission.The soundtrack combines electronic music with symphonic sounds (western and oriental instruments), and for the first time in the series you can also headbang to heavy metal guitar solos while blasting your targets out of existance, leaving nothing but debris behind.If you love aerial combat and intense action ASSAULT HORIZON Enhanced Edition is a wild ride you won't want to miss on! Get it at a discount and blow some sh*t up!"
,Not Recommended,228400,11437454,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,The Cavalry,"Terrible plot, poorly ported from a PS2 or something similar. Unplayablee without a specific gamepad. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,228400,11453946,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[OSF]Drakon,"This is with out a doubt the worst air combat game I've ever played. The controls are the worst, you can't set anything because it auto defaults to a control that is on an axis that was never touched. I couldn't even get past the first mission because the keyboard and the joystick where fighting for control and the plan did not respond the way it should. The throttle was stuck open so I had to use both the key board and the joy stick for throttle control. Avoid this game at all costs! I wouldn't even play it if it was free! If the controller mapping gets fixed then this might be an okay game, until then, no go for launch."
,Not Recommended,228400,11423718,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,aperture_tech,"A subpar entry in a series of great games.A few things you need to understand before buying/trying this game:Ace Combat is not a flight simAce Combat is not meant to be realisticAce Combat is primarily a console gameFirst off, the only graphics option is resolution, and that maxes out a 1440p. Even so, the game looks fairly nice, aside from the annoying static cockpit reflection in cockpit view. The story is a wannabe Tom Clancy USA vs. Russia, which is particularly annoying considering the previous games were set in a very interesting alternate universe with fake countries that are allusions to real life counterparts. Sure, the prewvious stories were corny, but you could get really into them. The story in Assault Horizon is both difficult to get into and corny.Another issue in this entry is limited plane selection according to the mission. The game has a fairly large selection of planes, but it's wasted potential since you can only use a few each mission.The music is composed by the same guy who was doing it since 04/5, so it is superb as usual. However, in this entry, the music is different from others in regards to their style.My biggest issue with this game is that they wanted to attract new fans by making the game Call of Duty style with more emphasis on on-the-rails action than the freeforming fun of previous games.I recommend all the other games in the series before this one, but Assault Horizon is still a decent arcade air combat game.However, as an Ace Combat game, Assault Horizon fails in many aspects.I recommend every previous entry other than this one.Also, make sure you have a joystick/controller, as it is near unplayable otherwise, especially online."
76561197993571013,Not Recommended,228400,11434936,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,CECE,"Oh, man, i have this game for 3DS, and i did get it for the price of £2.5 which was seem cheap and i love the one for the 3DS. This one so far is terrible. I couldn't even complete the first mission, is just so not Ace Combat. Everything is scripted, dogfight mode and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's quite difficult to shoot someone down ""normally"" In the 3DS version all they have in addition for the previous games that you can get behind enemy planes by maneuvering and avoiding missiles, but you still shoot them as you used to. I really love Ace Combat games, but this isn't the reason why..."
,Not Recommended,228400,11443121,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ein MM,"the real Ace Combat has gone long time ago, this is just another low class game."
,Not Recommended,228400,11456741,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,"I'm Just Grass, move along.",dont get this game! (hopeing you read this before you buy it) reason:lots of bugs/glitches theese make the game unplayable such as the second mission where the minigun on the heli is forceing itself into the bottom right of the screen you cant controll when it shoots ( it alaways shoots you cant stop it) also in the mision where you control a heli its alaways zoomed in and once again automatically firing and you cant turn around to the left or right your locked to moving forward and going up and down. but the jet gameplay is amazing i love it the issue being you only get 1 jet level before you get to use a bugged heli (this is all assuming you are playing with a gamepad/xbox360 or ps3 controller) and dont even try to play with keyboard and mouse because you cant its just impossible unless your really dedicated ps. i tried doing it with the keyboard and mouse and th bugs/glitches are still there ps.s.for some reason this only happens for some people wich is really wierd so if you want to try your luck and waste some of your money on it be my guest this is just a warning so you wont be all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and angry at the company if you do get a ♥♥♥♥ed up copy ps.s.s.again there are fixes for a few of the glitches online but not all of them.
76561198044474801,Not Recommended,228400,11471499,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Warplogic,"6/10 sadly a generic story, scripted death scenes which ruines the feel of actully killing someone (final boss, suicide planes, etc) but hey they got explosions and stuff!"
76561198011330624,Not Recommended,228400,11567286,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Zalsaman,FPS in Air Combat Disguise
76561197990987441,Not Recommended,228400,11581969,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Battlekroozer,"Crash to desktop on Windows 8.1...no solution out there...bought on sale but still, that's $5 out of my pocket..."
76561198069656098,Not Recommended,228400,11434996,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Phantomfire1,"New, and 2nd game download attempt, with no go on this one. New anti-virus, I will check that now and make sure steam is allowed to download, but other than that. I have ove 1500 aircraft in MSFSX. I can usually get thru....   Mouse is deactivated at ""Do you want to creat a save file"" No mouse, k.b., or other funtion except control Esc. I would like to add that this type of game I like very mush. I posess all of the P.S. Ace Combat games, but rarely ever operate the old playstation anymore. My rigg is Alienware, with a very good video card, audio, triple head, 5 Tb of memeory upgradable. I would give this game another chance if I can get it activated."
,Not Recommended,228400,11444320,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Moriendor,"Flight sim fan here and don't recommend this game. Horrible controls. I played the game with my good old MS Sidewinder joystick. The problem is that the plane seems to have an auto-level mode so you don't have the full range of motion vertically and horizontally. Especially vertically. You can only dive by pushing the stick forward but you can't really roll the plane and then dive upwards down or sidewards. Thus it's very unintuitive to follow targets. Due to the ""broken"" controls it's just not fun and is getting a thumbs down from me.Note: Your mileage may vary if you have a console controller and are used to this very limited kind of flight mode."
,Not Recommended,228400,11455128,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,JordanMoose,"♥♥♥♥ing crashes whenever you try to play multiplayer, save your money and go for HAWX 2. ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ it. ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Not Recommended,228400,11479432,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,BravoLimaDelta,"Wasted money. Can't roll, controls are far away from what they're supposed to be in a real plane. That's enough for me to delete it from my HD.Save your cash for something else."
76561198005408614,Not Recommended,228400,11513002,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Melivore,"If you like this sort of game go for it the single player campain is awsom , and multiplayer can be ok but thats where it dies..Why you ask...simple you can spawn all you like but soon as you do some players have a neat trick to auto zoom to you an insta kill you....EVRYTIME, so if its multiplayer your looking for dont buy but if you like story lines and good fun then buy it for the single player. A lso multiplayer on campain is fun to but thats about i."
,Not Recommended,228400,11671652,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Zaft,"It's nothing like the other previous titles, not even close. I would rather have played fires of liberation if I still had my 360. The game has a  boring, no feeling of accomplishment story with heavily scripted battle system. The dog fight systems is sometimes disorienting  and in some levels it needs to be done in order to advance. You will sometimes fire lots of missles on an enemy plane hitting it multiple times and it would still be up. So will be stuck in some cases why is that plane not going down. I wish they would have added a solo wing fight instead of this dog fight system. The AC-130 and Apache missions felt call of dutyish and added nothing exciting to the game. Throughout the whole game I only wanted to see if I could spot Kei in the background. Buy it not out of curiousity for flight sims or if you're a fan of the series. Only buy it if you stole money from a friend who betrayed you. Then after giving them the game as a gift showing what you wasted their money on."
76561197989798192,Not Recommended,228400,11550662,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,-RoE-jJUICE,Worst ACE Combat Ever Made not worth $1.00
,Recommended,228400,13229089,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BalianBlue,"Revvin up your engine, listen to her howlin roar.Metal under tension, beggin you to touch and go.HIIIIIGHWAY TO THE DANGER ZONERIIIIDE INTO THE DANGER ZOOONE*Homo Erotic volley ball scene*11/10"
27834520983759285,Recommended,228400,14457947,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Replika,wtf are the helo missions in aid of? i wouldnt mind them if they wernt the most dreadfull control system iv ever seen.
,Recommended,228400,34221772,Posted: 13 August,all,+RP,"I think it is under-rated. The DFM and ASM aren't as bad as they were made out to be. However there are things that need fixing. The amount of damage needed to kill important enemy npc needs to be toned way down, like in the last mission. Also the enemy missile spam in later on missions in the campaign is annoying as hell, you pretty much can't do anything but accept your death. Overall I think this is a good game."
,Recommended,228400,34227529,Posted: 13 August,all,Mike G Masaki,"Once you get past the horrible default controls or you plug in your controller you get a game that has a boring storyline and apparently no online players. yet it's still fun when it comes to combat... this game as most die hard ace combat fans will say is ""so in your face its annoying"" yes it can be annoying to have ruble on you screen at all times during a dogfight but it adds to the feel of the game"
76561198073087380,Not Recommended,228400,33821772,Posted: 26 July,all,Merrybob,good concept but didnt hold me
76561198085568622,Not Recommended,228400,27295225,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Higgins,More action than simulation/flying
,Recommended,228400,12620271,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[OOM] Hawnsolo,"If you enjoyed the others you will enjoy this one, i played alot of these on the xbox and  this one seems to be cut of the same cloth. But with a wider variety of differnt planes and helos to pilot"
,Not Recommended,228400,17664839,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Strigon,"I cant say this game wasnt worth what I payed for it because I definantly have put the hours in however I am leaving this review negative because of the various problems in the core gameplay mechanics. In terms of gameplay this game could of been much better and it needs a lot of work. From when they showed off on E3 is seemed like they were going to have a much deeper story and better story overall but that isnt the case here. The characters are not that memorable and the only memorable line from this game is ""damn"" and &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;."
,Not Recommended,228400,30476898,Posted: 12 March,all,Lazarus Long,Ace Combat Vet Here. Beat 5 and 0 on Ace.Don't get this game. Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
76561198092969710,Not Recommended,228400,24069653,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Math Man,"Bishop and Markov sitting in a tree,K I S S I N G.First comes love,then comes marriage,AND THEN THEY ENGAGED IN SOME STEEL CARNAGEon rails/10"
,Recommended,228400,33003172,Posted: 29 June,all,Fenix#6913,optimum for psusyoriginal for boss[control setting]
,Not Recommended,228400,18900075,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Alkeriece 一匹狼,"ace combat? cool, no more than hitting a trigger and maybe the yaw or throttle to kill something? im no filthy casual, i want to spend 5 hours circling around trying to get behind someone by myself. we dont need this casual system where we suddenly are right behind something that just flew by at 500 Kmph+"
,Not Recommended,228400,19196351,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,hihi,"I love the Ace Combat series, it has always been a good blend between sim and arcade. I feel this latest iteration the series has leaned much more towards arcade. My biggest complaint is toward the dog-fighting mechanic. Yes, it makes for great cinematic but it is often too difficult to really see what is going on and the controls only makes it worse. I have tried playing with a controller and flight stick, neither feel great for this game.Typically I would just ignore this “feature” altogether, however, you can't. The game forces you into these cinematic dogs fights and certain enemies cannot be shot down unless in dog-fighting mode. The entire thing just feels “off” to me in a modern aerial combat. Don't get me wrong, I don't love the Ace Combat series for it's realism, I love it for it uniqueness and story. I loved the crazy and sometimes frustrating boss battles. I love the characters and stories it told. The game could be dull at times but I enjoyed just flying around. Unfortunately, in their attempt to make something new and interesting, to me, it just feels like a series of gimmicks."
,Not Recommended,228400,19264293,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,error404,"Do not buy this game if you are a fan of previous Ace Combat games.I tried really hard to like this game, the DFM (Dog fight mode) just ruins it. Impossible flight maneuvers and constantly having to dodge missiles doesn't make this game more exciting. I remember in the old AC games where you actually had to try and stay behind the enemy planes and take them out. Not this auto-pilot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they call DFM. Won't be playing it again."
76561198036215004,Not Recommended,228400,20760321,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,NapAdvocacy,"Terrible, terrible game. Ruins everything about the franchise."
,Not Recommended,228400,19298522,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ijsvrij,"Apparently physics is overrated.Don't get me wrong. I know I am not playing DCS or BMS. And the normal gameplay (at least the aircraft part) is fine (I mean, I did use high yo-yo on some of the enemies). But that damn 'Dog Fight mode', holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was it bad. Also, apparently enemy planes (and sometimes their missile... hell, all of the missiles in this game) don't follow laws of physics.Also, I swear those planes are made of mithril or something.Did I mention that Dogfight Mode is horrible? And the enemy sometimes pulls♥♥♥♥♥♥that are actually physically impossible?Yeah, unless you want to see a Kisaragi Chihaya Mudhen (ku!) CCIP dive-bomb (as in literally 70 degree dive kek) the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, don't buy it (especially not at full price)."
,Not Recommended,228400,35017998,Posted: 17 September,all,BeyondAeon,"Cannot play with a Logitech G29 Steering wheel ,But that's the Controller the game tries to use !cannot navigate menus evenCannot select the correct controller"
,Not Recommended,228400,11532600,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Raklödder,100% action packed Japanese arcade flight simulator.
,Recommended,228400,9783430,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ghostnorrix is a good player,black people and idolmaster
76561198016690896,Not Recommended,228400,7491023,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Chobittsu,"This is NOT a recommendation. This is a warning.Not only is this game a waste of money, but also an extreme waste of time. Due to my computer being more powerful than the consoles it was designed for, the game speed was accellerated to twice the speed viewed in the trailers. I had to stall out my plane just to be able to fly under the speed of light.The controls are VERY clunky and un-coordinated. Inability to destroy fighters without going into dogfight mode is aggrovating. Dogfight mode being entirely an on-rails experience is rather disgusting. Enemy aircraft can trick you into a dive then veer 90 degrees to both lose you and make you run into the ground.All in all, this is by far the single worst game I have ever played and didn't even get through the first level without wanting to pull the eject levers.It's CoD in the air. Save your money. Go play a classic Ace Combat game.(NOTE: Installation and Setup is an even worse ordeal. You have to set up an XBOX LIVE ACCOUNT to play! WTF!!! How does that make sense?!?!)"
,Recommended,228400,10687645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,"I don't recommend playing this on mouse and keyboard, and as a lifelong Ace Combat fan it's overall disappointing. but the gameplay's solid enough to pick this up when it's on sale for less than $10 7/10"
,Recommended,228400,20462660,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Corono,"The community is very much dead but I always love a good campaign. Even though the idea of an evil mastermind extremely skilled pilot wreaking havoc throught America is a bit far-fetched, the gameplay is appealing. Never did get to try out the multiplayer gameplay though."
76561198055878177,Recommended,228400,20279918,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CannibalSwine,It's like Michael Bay had a baby with the Air Force.11.5/10 would blow things up again.
,Not Recommended,228400,26466951,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,freehotdawgs,"If you like doing the same thing over and over during missions that seem to just drag on, then this is the game for you! The graphics are meh, the gameplay is about as deep as IOS game, and the physics are from a different planet or something. I mean an apache doing a barrel roll? wtf is that? One annoying thing is that you have to go into ""dog fighting mode"" to kill VIP enemies and it ends up just being an on rails sequence that you probably won't even notice because you're trying to kill the guy but he's actually invincible until the sequence is over, it's a dumb mechanic. Overall this game sucks and is maybe worth like $5 if you're really jonesing for a flight game, but I'm sure there are better ones out there than this."
,Not Recommended,228400,12702108,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Reaper17A,"Flying a jet in battlefield 3 is far more rewarding than Ace Combat. The game seems to completely shunt player skill in place for clunky kill cams and ""bosses"" that are just as dumb as their standard AI counterparts only with more health. The story is bland and completely unengaging. If you want to play an fps in the air then by all means pick up this game in a steam sale, but if you're here to actually dogfight, move on my friend."
76561198002913841,Recommended,228400,19404931,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pugo,assault circles
76561198000141117,Not Recommended,228400,10145600,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Andy,"What a shame.In an attempt to revitalize a series that didn't really need it, Namco and Project Aces wound up just dumbing it down and ripping out any charm it had in the process. The game certainly looks quite nice, it is too bad you won't get to control it half the time you're playing.The game seems intent on forcing you to watch Michael Bay-esque explosion and destruction setpieces, through the use of a new ""feature"" called Dog Fight Mode. I'm not sure what the intent was here, but what they did was made roughly half of the enemy fighter pilots in the game nearly impossible to shoot down by giving them an infinite amount of flares that recharge instantly, an apparent invulnerability to gun fire, and twitchy flight patterns that their aircraft should not be capable of performing.All that is to force you to activate Dog Fight Mode, a glorified Quick Time Event. It takes control away from the player (pretty much always a sign of a bad game design idea) and instead lets you nudge the plane around slightly on a preset path, with the goal of firing missiles when a circle turns red and lining up the gun sight with the enemy. It feels incredibly janky and unsatisfying.Even then, the game will pull impossible stunts and prevent you from killing the enemy jet until you fly past whatever dumb falling crane or explosion they want you to see. Because god forbid we have these things trigger naturally, that might actually be satisfying for the player. No instead the developers decide you have to see THIS exact sequence of events EXACTLY like this.Rather than having a goofy flight game with solid mechanics in an absurd setting, they went with a boring real world setting and broke the mechanics so they could shoehorn in an unwanted feature that does nothing but effectively force you to view cutscenes. I was hoping that I would be able to avoid using DFM entirely, but I guess I'm not allowed to have fun.I went into this trying to have an open mind about DFM, but the fact that the game forces you to use it is unacceptable. I honestly did not expect them to do wrong one of the few things that Tom Clancy's HAWX did right, that you never have to use the gameplay gimmick. And even as far as gameplay gimmicks go, Assistance Off is more interesting, creative, and enjoyable than DFM.In conclusion, if you are an idiot who likes games where you push a button occasionally to watch complex cutscenes instead of actually performing those actions and think yet another story about Americans and Russian terrorists fighting each other is exciting, you might like this. Otherwise I cannot recommend it.Port the PS2 games to PC instead Namco, there's money in that.In any case, I'm going to see if I can mod this game to remove DFM altogether and try to salvage something out of this mess."
,Recommended,228400,12811911,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flying,"Every bullet fired, missile launched, bomb dropp-ASKGNGSKNHKTRGSMDGVKsjfdphlnfdsglkeakgmAMERICAUSA USA USA USA USA USA USA USABALD EAGLES ARE SWARMING INTO MY HOME"
,Recommended,228400,7712371,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,L1qu1d,"It's call of duty in the Skies, it's much easier than the rest of the Ace Combats, and controls definately take some getting use to. Other than that I see no reason not to enjoy this one:)"
76561198029232777,Not Recommended,228400,28322558,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,andrew195546,"It's probably just me, but I could not get past the first mission. I think I was supposed to shoot a plane down but I could not see it. I could only see 2 allies. After an hour of going around in circles and constantly being told to not leave the mission area, I gave up."
76561198127916893,Recommended,228400,19688000,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,9bilibili,So nice! I love these planes' model!!!
,Not Recommended,228400,9715965,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Mobius,Why did the worst ace combat ever have to be ported to pc : /
,Not Recommended,228400,8135550,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Table,"Don't do it, Run away"
,Not Recommended,228400,9570323,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Pplkillppl,"If you thought Ace Combat 2 - 6 were fun... you should save your money because this game throws the entire evolution of the series out the window and replaces it with Quicktime events and automated dogfighting.  Missions have no briefings and no choice of strategies, and therefore no context to what you are doing.  There are no wing leader commands.  Battles are boring and tedious because you must kill a majority of enemies using DFM.  I never needed DFM to dogfight before so It's a very confusing thing to not only add... but to make a requirement.  The graphics are pretty good but sadly the immersion is destroyed by the ""in your face"" stylings of the game.  If you know who Mobius 1 is, you won't like this game."
,Recommended,228400,13126076,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Born2BGod,"Only say good but not play it doesn't mean good, In the sky I'm ♥♥♥♥ing GOOD!"
,Not Recommended,228400,9317972,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,olofkor,Dont buy this game!
,Not Recommended,228400,9718022,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Angelpichu,"This is a disaster. Auto-pilot QTEs necessary for fighting most enemies, regenerating health on planes, horribly annoying characters, too much radio chatter, your plane bounces off the ground with only major damage, and regenerating health on planes.Did I mention regenerating health on the planes? Because that's a pretty good indicator that you should stay away from whatever this thing is that somehow got the Ace Combat name."
,Not Recommended,228400,13664556,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jerry,♥♥♥♥in sucks
,Not Recommended,228400,31248779,Posted: 19 April,all,Lors,"Not the best game of the series. The controls are rather clunky but then again, like Dark Souls, you probably need a control because with a keyboard it feels like you're trying to pleasure a woman by blowing on her. It's damn near impossible. The story isn't anything special, like, just skip the cutscenes, you aren't missing anything special. Graphics aren't bad in the cockpit but the people.... god the people are pretty bad. Plane models are well detailed and the terrain isn't too bad either (then again you're really high up so who knows.In the end of the day I think it's a game for die hard fans and that's it. Buy it and try it if you're still interested but only during a sale when it's dirt cheap. I didn't like it but some people do and you might be one of them."
,Not Recommended,228400,17949853,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[CPC] Shinssue,Pro:- SkinsCons:- Dogfighting system give me cancer
,Not Recommended,228400,19724848,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,.tv/itz_bruce_banner,garbage
,Not Recommended,228400,13341018,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MyNamesFuRii,"As a standalone game this game is a decently fun title with some shining moments.But as an Ace Combat, its an Insult to the franchise.+ Music if good+ Get almost all DLC from consoles free in this version+ New mechanic is fresh and innovative- To many scripted sequences- No interesting Superweapons, just a nuke instead of flying fortresses and railguns- Generic America vs Russia storyline instead- DFM is nearly always needed- DFM in multiplayer is extremely laggy- Helicopter missions and on rails shooter elements aren't the most fun or enjoyable"
76561198011550272,Not Recommended,228400,11746468,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Aniphorah,Way too linear. it sucks.  Steam - please remove this crap software from my Library !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,228400,13005238,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hadi  |  Tree ☮ ツ,worst ace combat
,Not Recommended,228400,24325589,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Blake7,"It really, really is muck. this is not a simulator. It is nothing like a simulator. It throws you in a general direction and sends waves of planes at you. I tried hard to see the point and could not. I love simulators. FSX, DSC etc. Save your money. Don't mind the nonsense of people posting after saying it was a good game!!!"
,Not Recommended,228400,7859491,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ToxicTimbo,"Felt incredibly stripped down for a Ace Combat game, there are these terrible side-missions where you hop on a helicopter minigun and mow down 12 pixel enemies on rooftops, feels slugish and takes away from what an Ace Combat game should be."
,Not Recommended,228400,340716,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Daemon,This game won't even install. Just a constant direct3d or Windows LIVE failing to initialize error.Update 9/20/14 -- I was finally able to install because Windows LIVE is gone now. The game is still awful. The controls are terrible and the forced close-up mode against aces is terrrrrrrible.The storyline is atrocious. The graphics remind me of the 90s.Awful... just awful.
76561198029264991,Recommended,228400,18125417,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pete Venkman,Easy pick up and play business. What is with the storyline?
76561198089737858,Recommended,228400,14211360,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ghost of Razgriz,"as a fan of the series since 2004, i can say this game is good, but not in a traditional ace combat type of game, the story is the typical ""'murica always wins russia is lose"" story, there is character development to some degree and a cameo appearance by Kei Nagase, overall i would give it a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,228400,11411614,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Victor Ziblis,Utter garbage.  They got QTE in my flight sim-arcade and worse?  they made it mandatory.  I want my five dollars back.
,Not Recommended,228400,11841584,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jap,"If you want Ace Combat go turn on your PS2. This is not Ace Combat.If you want a game involving planes that will keep you hooked for hours, go look somewhere else. This is not it.If you want a game involving planes that requires almost no skill to play, this is your game.I would only recommend this to people that want an action based experience similar to Call of Duty.Remove DFM and QTEs and it could have been playable."
76561198043978404,Not Recommended,228400,11458230,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Arclight57,"Paid for the game this morning. I was playing the early release thing whatever it was called.Soon as I concluded the payment I haven't played the game once.Yeah, I'll recommend this saying, The game was well done and if you knew what target the game was aiming for, you'd enjoy yourself.But that's it. Fore warned.they are not leaving a taste in my mouth.Terrible service....Gimme my money back, or click ok, and let me play what I paid for."
,Recommended,228400,9731083,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,IndigoJinx,Pretty awesome IMHO
,Not Recommended,228400,13353744,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bruh,"This is, likr, the worest game ive ever plyed"
76561198071900479,Not Recommended,228400,8952315,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Zacjs15,"Can't play game, loads into a black screen.  Tried to get help from costumer service, never got a helpful response.  Too bad, was really looking forward to this game...  Make sure you are logged into games for Windows before downloading and launching."
76561198039873073,Not Recommended,228400,8815715,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,PokemonOrgy92,"Pros:Soundtrack is solid. Not the best IMO of the AC series, but better than most other games soundtrack. Features a nice blend of orchestra, rock, and electronic, but doesn't sit as well as other orchestra AC soundtracks. Proably becuase of the electronic sounds.Lots of eye candy. First couple missions feel really damn cool.Dog Fight Mode(DFM) is a cool idea(at first)Cons:DFM gets old fast, especially since there are tons of situations where it is forced on the player.A lot of the DFM battles are actually scripted, and prevent a plane from being shot down until they do something (like fire a missle at a building)The helicopter missions need a lot of work, The AC-130 mission seems like a re-text of a mission in COD4. Bomber mission is ok, but doens't bring much to the table.Aircraft selection is restricted based off of the mission. Sorry its a multi-role mission, you can't fly the Su-33.No wingman or allied control.Due to the sheer number of DFM and ASM moments(think DFM but for ground targets), the game feels like its on rails.If your a fan of previous AC games, I would recommend letting this one go. I wouldn't pay more than like 10 dollars for it. DFM and the sheer amount of eye candy the game offers are really cool for about 3 missions.  I find myself playing a select set of 3 missions, and its mainly for the soundtrack.Proably the single most annoying thing is how forced the DFM and ASM modes are. Some planes will take infinite damage unitl you start DFM, in which case they will only be shot down after a particular event occurs(ie, a bomber will not be destroyed until you start DFM with it and it is also .3 miles from its target)If your new to the series, I would recommend starting on one of the 3 AC's for the PS2 or AC6 for the Xbox-360."
76561198252112768,Not Recommended,228400,21937038,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,AceTwentyTwo,"Very bad on PC, it's impossible to control."
,Not Recommended,228400,9176030,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sniper3080p,"It felt like I was riding a rollercoaster... which is totally unacceptable for an Ace Combat game. The ""Close Range Combat"" feature was horrible, repetitive, and felt like a forced gimik. I can't say very highly of the helicopter combat parts either, which quickly became boring. They sacrificed the gameplay to put more emphasis on the rigid story line... but it only made the game sub-par, and no amount of story can make up for that.My score: 4/10"
76561198012245691,Not Recommended,228400,14466805,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sparrow,"Simulator?  No.  The lock-on for missiles is almost inside gun range.  Real world missiles are fired at ranges measured in miles.There is no standing off, no tactical battles of maintaining distance while reaching your target.  It is all just spinning, twisting, dog-fighting spam with only the most casual regard for physics (hitting the ground kills you - end of physics lesson today)."
,Recommended,228400,22735753,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Belkan_Dogo 4,"Total Steel Carnage.10/10, need more snoopin around for boobs."
76561198279962916,Recommended,228400,22577642,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Dark_strix,great gamefast air combateasy to play a lot of fun
76561198023495548,Not Recommended,228400,13296495,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Godnarok,Yo ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,228400,12719301,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BassZombie,"Pros:+Cheesey stupid b-movie style fun.+/-arcade controls (ace combat fans may hate this)+It's Call of Duty but you're a plane.+Re-enact Top Gun with your friends.+It's really fun to play online when you can find a match.Cons:-No Val Kilmer.-It's Call of Duty with planes?-Unfortunately, not a lot of people play this one online on PC. So don't expect to find matches quickly, unless more people buy it."
,Recommended,228400,1640566,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SlimNasty™ LIVE on Twitch,"Might be worth avoiding as in places this is uncontrollable, what were they thinking taking the STANDARD controls of aircraft and how they fly and then screwing with them to make the aircraft uncontrollable in places.... I will continue but jesus these developers need a reality check sometimes..."
,Recommended,228400,14202526,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,East Atlanta Santa,"So here's the thang.Is it the best one in the franchise? No.Is the story at all interesting? No.Does it occasionally suffer from Call of Duty-fication with turret segments and qtes? Yes.Is it fun as hell and is the new DFM mode actually cool? YES, YES.Just get it when its on sale for cheap. (like 5 bucks)"
76561197982684901,Not Recommended,228400,17887345,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LostShadow,Im only saying this game SUKZ cause my dad likes it so much.If he plays then I CANT PLAY ON THE COMPUTER!  Make morebade games so my dad wont hog the computer.  Thank you.Now go to Hell.
,Recommended,228400,17914140,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,imm0rtal pr1nce,Call of Duty on jets and helicopter.And this is a good thing.
76561198135350365,Recommended,228400,14275051,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Tricky Assassin,great game with a lot of action!
76561198139250802,Not Recommended,228400,18900136,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,EastWind,"This game is terrible, the missions are really boring and long, they want you to fly one jet and finish the mission for a whole division!  And the enemies you destoried in each mission are propably more than the entire military forces of a small country like Pakistan! And your AI allies are all dumb and useless, all their job is endless request for your assists, they can not even handle one lonely enemy tank or fighter you ommit to clear, and if they die, your mission is failed.And your enemy's fighter is sooo good that even it's hit by a missle, it can still be operated normally unless you finally destory it!There are still many annoying or dumb things in this game i dont bother to mention, generally speaking, this game sucks!"
76561198093245066,Recommended,228400,29609029,Posted: 31 January,all,Cyclone243,"Like Call Of Duty but with jets/helicopters. All things considered this is a great game I had a lot of fun with it, I recommend using an Xbox controller cause the keyboard controls dont work too well. This is my first Ace Combat game and it left a good impression on me."
,Recommended,228400,23868902,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Phoenix AI | Idle-Empire.com,"Fight me, ill rek u"
,Not Recommended,228400,28430620,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,kolkurtz,Not a flight sim. Not even an acrade flight sim. You don't even get to fully control the direction your plane flies in. Utterly abysmal. Avoid.
76561198043161293,Recommended,228400,22945555,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
,Not Recommended,228400,11392960,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,djiaxin,just like every other game not so special
,Not Recommended,228400,10244484,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,gay dad explosion,it's awfulnot even anime plane skins can save it
,Not Recommended,228400,9900600,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,powergene,its JUST console NOT pc game yetpoor graphic poor control poor storyEVERYTHING poor!!!!!DONT BUY IT
,Recommended,228400,7905674,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GRIM REAPER 77,this is the call of duty of the sky
,Not Recommended,228400,14377656,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dark Acre Jack,You know a videogame is poorly designed when you can't pass the tutorial on Easy.
76561197978577701,Not Recommended,228400,11280805,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,outcast,"Controls Are horrible, Sound effects are horrible.  Game is horrible"
,Recommended,228400,12394186,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Shockeray,Played it on a free day and got hooked! I think a joystick is a must though.
76561198008473202,Not Recommended,228400,21818561,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Adubs,This game gave me cancer
,Not Recommended,228400,30745522,Posted: 26 March,all,II renruBretfA,"I have played this game on PS3, now I have played it here on PC. My piece of advice? Wait for Ace Combat 7. I highly recommend it, as an ace and long time fan of the AC series. This game should only be played by nuggets."
,Recommended,228400,29354630,Posted: 19 January,all,sonyguy,It's alright good single player.
,Not Recommended,228400,33024440,Posted: 29 June,all,Thot Patrol,FoH B
76561198058250272,Not Recommended,228400,14459531,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tim Carella,One sentence review: Not the Ace Combat I remember.
,Recommended,228400,15427203,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,nazgull2k1,game is great.. multiplayer is non-existant.  Bout says it all.  It's an arcade based flight sim.
76561198056586723,Recommended,228400,33342246,Posted: 7 July,all,Drjellyfinger0,"Well, I can't figure out the controls so being that I am not a trained pilot, this game is a great flight sim. lol"
76561197990188016,Not Recommended,228400,23196327,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lenerdo,I just can't get behind the enemy and get a lock.     Might be me but I tried the game 3 times and am giving up.
,Not Recommended,228400,30460631,Posted: 11 March,all,Reinert Zerker,Why can't I play online? ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,228400,7902591,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Chrisg16,They say its enchanced? VERY poor textures
76561198001307177,Not Recommended,228400,26750521,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DAVE,"Pile of Junk DO NOT BOTHER !First - screen flashing white - this was resolved by running the game in Windoze 7 Compatibility mode.Second - low framerate and very laggy, my system is not the latest, but I easily run War thunder, Elite Dangerous, Assetto Corsa and Others with no lag. Then again you have NO options to reduce Graphics settings as its a cheap and fast port from the console version.All in all a poorly ported cash grab by the developers, if your into flying games and have a joypad and a latest spec system you may have some fun with this. If flight sims and realism are your thing, and you have a Joystick or HOTAS then don't waste your time or money, even in a sale this is a waste of both."
,Not Recommended,228400,13162146,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Adroso,meh
,Not Recommended,228400,8346149,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Razordraac,"Awful. Just awful. Cheesy, clunky and boring - do not fall for this crap..."
,Recommended,228400,35046253,Posted: 18 September,all,Kontol iman ber iman,ignore all of these whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is lit and you should buy it.
,Not Recommended,228400,24306677,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Iron_Silk,Simply awful.
,Not Recommended,228400,7854873,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zeke,"I really had high hopes for this game. I waited until it was on sale for half the price (I believe $20~25) and purchased it. The story is, as expected, complete garbage. The twist was more predictable than putting water in the freezer for ice cubes. It was clearly written by someone who should stick to the cheesy anime pornos rather than serious war stories.Speaking of serious war stories, why are Russians always evil? Why can't it be America for once? We're evil, just look at our drone strikes and Snowden and!..... Okay, getting ahead of myself.Anyway, this was the first ""jet"" game that I got that tried something new other than playing as a camera w/ turrets (a UAV) rather than a jet: A chopper. Lemme tell you: I wish it didn't. THe worse parts of this game are the chopper sections and they are a good chunk.Avoid this one, go get HAWX 1 instead. It's cheaper and has more dog fights."
76561198109060494,Recommended,228400,12313272,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ßªby§☼X♥,best!!
76561198282586003,Recommended,228400,35049736,Posted: 18 September,all,Ike5598,"Ace Combat, what else?"
76561198038149462,Recommended,228400,11740366,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sparky862,"i dont know whats all the hate on this game? Maybe cause i have not played previous series of this game yet? Well this is my first time playing this game in this series and i can say hands down i had fun and its best combat flight game i ever played, heck its even better than hawx series combined. All in all if your looking for a combat flight game, this is the game for you. Its air battles is up close and personal and you get so much joy for killing an enemy in this game. Graphics aint that bad either like most people say. Id say try this game out, its a right buy"
,Not Recommended,228400,25536407,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,AceCombatFan,I tried. I really did. I gave it so many chances. And it took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my face. ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥! THIS! GAME!
,Not Recommended,228400,23600749,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Seemigod,please don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,228400,9731135,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mittens,"Arcade machine garbage.I thought maybe the game would be enjoyable once I got over just how far this is from being anything like a flight sim, I was wrong.It fails at even being an engaging arcade game.The jets in battlefield 3 where more realistic, had better sounds, better graphics and more engaging dog fight mechnics, and they were drastically over simplified.This game simplifies dog fighting down to a string of mind numbing quick time events.Totally regretting my purchase, thanks Japan"
76561198000551935,Recommended,228400,34846616,Posted: 9 September,all,Infinitej123,It is a good game.
,Recommended,228400,29161025,Posted: 10 January,all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,i like it !
76561198056071050,Not Recommended,228400,31369465,Posted: 25 April,all,afederowicz,AND HERE THIS BEAUTIFUL SIM WILL SIT UNTILL THEY GIVE IT PROPPER H.O.T.A.S. SUPPORT !!! MAYBE SOME DAY...LETS FACE IT THERE ARE EVEN MORE GOOD RECENT HOTAS ARRIVALS ON THE MARKET NOW EVEN A NEW ONE FROM THRUSTMASTER... SO COME ON PEOPLE... DO THE CODING. DO NOT PURCHASE UNTIL IT IS IMPLEMENTED. COTROL PADS ARE NOT EVEN REMOTELY REALISTIC FOR AIRCRAFT CONTROL. SORRY... THEY SIMLY ARE LAME.
76561198045751229,Not Recommended,228400,9192116,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,nathamxu,last one xbox was much much better
,Not Recommended,228400,10165741,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,That1Guy,Literally the worst game I have ever played.
76561198326492395,Not Recommended,228400,30979435,Posted: 6 April,all,ALIEN IN MARS,Horrible control system
,Not Recommended,228400,28500279,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,This game is atrociously bad.Just watch some gameplay footage on Youtube.  They turned dogfighting into QTE sequences.Trash.
,Not Recommended,228400,10529135,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dini,This is a terrible game do not waste your money on it
,Not Recommended,228400,32022147,Posted: 28 May,all,DatRussianSniper,"This is not a very realistic game. I would not recommend if you are interested in jets. Although it has realistic plane models, the gameplay is not very realistic. It more like flying fighter jet when your high on cocaine"
,Recommended,228400,31721127,Posted: 13 May,all,BnH | SovietRambo,Spend lots of time flying your plane into buildings during low flying tactical operations. I give this game 9/11
,Not Recommended,228400,30659496,Posted: 21 March,all,Herb,too much dogfighting without any dogs fighting
76561197972499865,Not Recommended,228400,12564988,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,.....
76561198126482486,Not Recommended,228400,25774835,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Docktor,worst game ever
,Recommended,228400,18387622,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,cdytoby,"Actually, I played it on xbox 360, and I bought this game in Humble Bundle.This game is different than previous Ace Combat, this game has faster pace. Dog fights and helicopter missions makes it really cool.I played previous Ace Combat games before, but for me, I prefer this game."
76561198129280221,Recommended,228400,10266820,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,neb57,THE GAME IS SOLID AND THE ANDRENALIN IS THERE.
76561198088192229,Not Recommended,228400,9788142,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ghostbtr,really stupid game. Regret to have purchased it.
,Recommended,228400,4612235,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Yuudachi,"It's a good game, just don't expect as much realism as previous games. Also, the console versions work/play better, so if you have a PS3 or 360, get the game on there, instead. ESPECIALLY if you run Windows 8."
69696969696969696,Not Recommended,228400,10419628,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Aigis,"Compared to Ace Combat Zero: The Belkan War, and Ace Combat 5: The Unsung War.....Just.....No. This is a spit in the face to all of the original players of the series, taking place out of Strangereal and even worse, with the concept of Russia VS. America. The game is preety, the graphics and physics are nice, Dogfight mode is♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's all I really have to say about♥♥♥♥♥ault Horror izon. Although, this is my opinion. Some might find this a good game, if they were not a die hard fan of the originals. Call of Duty: Jet Edition much?"
76561198025742840,Not Recommended,228400,10182516,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SAPI 2.0,"Takes good old ace combat and forces you into Call Of Dutified dogfights. Oh my god super zoomed in, computer practically turns for you, super duper homing missiles, each plane takes 4 missiles to the engine before it explodes! So bad it makes me sad."
76561197997448698,Recommended,228400,10193002,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,silversurfer34,Fun flying game. Yes there probably could be improvements but what game couldn't use any improvements. Not real difficult I played it with keyboard and beat it no problem.
,Not Recommended,228400,10291027,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,White Vaille,"A fairly pretty game, but the controls are awful, the gameplay leaves much to be desired, the storyline is very bland and generic, and all in all it's just not worth the money. I'd much rather play AC4 or AC5. Long live the Ghosts of Razgriz!Edit: I suppose I should note I've only played with an Xbox 360 gamepad, and I wasn't aware that this has online multiplayer. Perhaps I'll have to give it another try in the future. Regardless, buyer beware. This is indeed CoD: Airplane Edition"
,Recommended,228400,2015680,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Kraus,GOTTA FLY FAST GOTTA FLY HARD
76561198031445873,Recommended,228400,10369832,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,LIVEMK,"I liking the game so far but the game has weird controls.i tried with keyboard, joystick and controller (the are terrible).You can change your controls but is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and everytime you start the game you have to set the controls Again."
76561198041732037,Recommended,228400,10188683,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Rattaro,"There is a lack of good flight games in the newer generations of games. Old classics like Tie Fighter, or X-Wing, or Hellbender never got remade and so are stuck in the past and really unplayable on new PC's.However, this game is like a breath of fresh air. It is fast-paced, exciting, and looks beautiful. The battle is big and epic, the controls (I used an actual controller) are easy (for the most part. The Apache controls are a little clumsy), and the game is easy to master.For me, it scratched an itch that hadn't been scratched since Windows 95.I highly recommend this game for flight game lovers.Not realisitic in the least, though, for all of those who are expecting a flight simulator. Think of it more as a Call of Duty-style over-exaggerated action game."
76561197998414499,Recommended,228400,10340777,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,blueflame,"Have owned every single Ace Combat game. This one is completely different and much more linear. This means that many of the battles will require you to enter a ""dogfight mode."" Dogfight mode is pretty much an autopilot that places the player on the tail of an enemy fighter, following him untill he shakes you or you make a tally. If you are a fan of the old Ace Combat games be prepared for a fun game with lots of change."
,Recommended,228400,10463307,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,GeneralTaggart,Aircraft Porn ;D
,Recommended,228400,10437826,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Killer Kartoffel,"Minus the fact that the B-2 Spirit can be detected by radar in the campaign mission, it's a good way to kill time.  However, the aircraft controls aren't realistic.  I've flown a couple of these aircraft on Microsoft Flight Simulator and I have to say that I am a bit disappointed in the lack of realism.  Still a good game though :p"
,Not Recommended,228400,8575116,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Challister,"DOESN'T WORK!!""Notice: We are experiencing an issue with keys for Ace Combat Assault Horizon - Enhanced Edition. Currently, the keys we have do not activate correctly on Games for Windows Live. We are working with the publisher to get a fix in place.""Yep I believe you Steam..."
76561198077801255,Recommended,228400,8508511,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,jigiwigy,"Love this game! All you'll need is a suit, a pilot helmet, and a code name!"
76561197970670901,Not Recommended,228400,8496994,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Amoeba,"I gave it a try... but this game is just very unrealistic physics. I don't recommend it, avoid it."
76561198029125042,Recommended,228400,8440265,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Spauldo82,"If you've played previous Ace Combat games, I would recommend getting this. The story is different, it doesn't take place during the Belkan War or anything like that, it is very modern and takes place in the present day Earth."
,Not Recommended,228400,8443500,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,lpmarkiewicz,"This game is an abomination. First sin- story lost all of the old cheese and replaced it with real world cookie cutter characters. Second sin - the helicopter missions are awful, controls like a pig and the engine is not designed for rendering ground objects at close distances at all; travel back in time to 1999 graphics. Third, ultimate and unforgivable sin - the game insists on taking away control of the plane constantly. It forces you to use the Dogfighting Mode to fight tougher opponents, essentially changing it to an on-rails shooter with you being able to control aiming and the camera going crazy. It was supposed to be dynamic, but instead is chaotic and aggravating. I can't remember ever feeling offended by a game. This game is an abomination."
76561198065596975,Recommended,228400,8075745,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,IronRhino,"A very exciting and entertaining game, the only portion of this game i did not enjoy were the helicopter segments overall i would recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,228400,3575960,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Ryot Control,Because Pew Pew Pew.
76561198030619417,Recommended,228400,8184211,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SweetFluffer,"One of the best games I have played, very buggy on PC though, buy for XBOX or Playstation, Games For Windows Live is very messed up, and currently i'm unable to play the game, and there is no known solution."
,Recommended,228400,2646510,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Anubins,"Ace Combat with PC frames is RIDICULOUSLY GOOD.Since you can turn the dial up to pretty damn high levels on the framerate side, there's pretty smooth flying, Fox.Would still recommend playing with a gamepad, though it's easy enough played with keyboard and mouse. Planes are strictly keyboard based, helichoppers are mouse and keyboard combo, side gunner is strictly mouse and can be likened to a point and click adventure.IT SHOULD REALLY BE SAID however that Assault Horizon is not Ace Combat as those familiar with the series would remember it as. While the helicopters are neat (albeit limited) and planes are still the focus, it's a story mode with talking protags and a very arcadey DFM (DogFight Mode) system. Incredibly cinematic, and I enjoy it personally, but it's not the good ol' method of taking out the baddies.Still, if you've tried AC:AH already, the PC version is the one taking it to eleven."
76561197965815561,Recommended,228400,224694,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Captain Falcon,"The game itself is good, but the keyboard controls are really quite unresponsive, not a very good port from Xbox to PC.  The keyboard controls ars so bad i wish i could Unbuy the game."
,Recommended,228400,2978689,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Arms Spaghetti,"If this is your first time with the Ace Combat series, this is a good starting place. The action is very cinematic and the Dogfight Mode makes the  back and forth in dogfights more exciting."
,Recommended,228400,8195591,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,In_Dizzle_We_Trust,8.5/10This game brought me back to my youth. I used to love combat flight games and I thought this game captured the essence of what I loved about the genre. I enjoyed the story line (have yet to finish it) and find the graphics/gameplay top notch.
76561198004993538,Recommended,228400,10114905,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,WALKaBOUT,is there eney charnce there more ACE COMbat Assault Horizon -Enhanced Edition
,Not Recommended,228400,10233027,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Fieel,"Hey there! Just wanted to let everyone know to avoid this game if you want to play it with a joystick, it's completelly nosense and impossible to play.  Goodbye."
76561198086170689,Recommended,228400,10234969,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,surlier summer 28,awesome love it now that it is on steam still trying to logon to leaderboard
,Recommended,228400,10236694,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Quorvis,"While being limited on graphical options for high end machines this game still delivers a high end flight/dogfight sim that keeps the tensions high throughout. The single player story is both engaging and fun to play, the missions offer some variety but while this variety serves to break some of the monotony of rinse and repeat gameplay at some points it left me waning in missions I didn't like to get to the missions where I could fly the planes I really wanted to.6/10"
76561197960572873,Not Recommended,228400,10237758,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Carbide,"The story is entirely forgettable and almost entirely unexplained, parts of the script are mildly offensive and make heavy use of unflattering stereotypes. The gameplay itself relies heavily on railroading the player, sadistically short timed sequences (in which player control - but not the clock - is interrupted by dynamically generated unskippable cinematics, no less), copious amounts of 'Press X to not die' button-mashing quick-time events, and plenty of things will fail a mission instantly.The Steam Store information page says 'Partial Controller Support' which is hilarious because it is effectively unplayable without a console controller. A standard joystick will be barely adequate but expect to spend a good hour wrestling with the button bindings. Before you do that though, make sure you use your search engine of choice to look up how to enable the ability for the game to save your settings.That's right.This game ships in such a state that all your controller settings reset every time you leave the game.There are some nuggets of fun in this game but you really have to work for them. It's a damn shame; the early games of the Ace Combat series were barrels of fun and had much more depth than this one. Emphasis on the gameplay rather than a cinematic experience. I would have gladly paid decent money to see those ported over to PC (with some careful thought given to the controls, obviously) but instead we're saddled with this piece of crap.tl;dr - Glad I didn't pay full price for this.I bought it on sale when it was re-released after having GFWL patched out - kudos to the developers for doing that by the way."
,Recommended,228400,10238953,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DanTheTTT™,"Good game because of the gameplay, graphics and story.But, the campaign is bit short. It just take me 7 hours to complete all of it.And I can't play multiplayer."
76561198070010827,Recommended,228400,10260177,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rare Vibes,"This game is great. Don't be discouraged by the people that played previous Ace Combats. This is the first Ace Combat game I have played and it was easily worth my money. Only problem I had is that the audio was out of sync in the cutscenes (great grpahics by the way for the price) but that might just be my laptop. This didn't really matter though because I had subtitles. Also this game ran smoothly on my laptop. (Dual core 2.2Ghz, 8g ram, Amd mobilty Radeon HD 5470)"
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,228400,10141043,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,I CANNOT STRESS HOW ODD THIS GAME PLAYS
,Not Recommended,228400,9719791,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,parro,"Awful game, terrible physics, not worth 5 mins"
76561198025324988,Not Recommended,228400,9719826,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Dtrick2069,Extremely unreal flying by the Enemy AI in this game.
76561198030817391,Not Recommended,228400,9720148,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Pamela hot chick,If you have win 8.1 pro and nVidia card 780 do not buy this game.Game have problem frizes and you can't change settings for graphic (frizes all the time).Bad release very bad.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME! For developer and Steam fix damn game before you post game for sale :(
,Not Recommended,228400,9720181,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Stump BeefKnob,"If you can get the game on sale. I would totally recommend it. But I got it for less than 10 dollars, which is what I would say is the limit for this game. If you want this because you enjoyed Shattered Skies then you will more than likely be dissapointed. The very scripted battles, the generally terrible non-plane-combat missions... I don't can't even really describe why this game bothers me so much, but as a huge fan of Ace Combat 4 I was extremely  dissapointed."
,Recommended,228400,1123167,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Runefox,"A departure from the rest of the series, but actually not too bad if you don't compare it to its predecessors. That just about sums up the entire experience as a whole. The single-player campaign takes place in the real world this time and is the first of the series to remove the player from the ""silent protagonist"" position. This is probably the single worst aspect of the game's setting, though there's much more to complain about as the story goes on (and ends). Unfortunately for Ace Combat fans, this isn't an enjoyable story.The gameplay is hit or miss. At first, the new DFM mode that latches you onto enemy aircraft is extremely annoying because enemies marked as TGT_LEAD are usually invulnerable until they take you for a ride between some buildings or otherwise show you a spectacle. The mode itself isn't terrible, and it isn't an auto-win; It's easy enough for enemies to break away, and the game of cat and mouse can be pretty exciting. Fans of gun kills will be disappointed, though; The traditional (useful) gunsight is gone, replaced with a static crosshair that doesn't lead targets, and the gun itself is pretty weak and unreliable to aim in DFM mode.The graphics are beautiful, if more than a little overdone on the HDR front, and the game is not limited to 1920x1200 like the trailer says; You can crank it up to any resolution you want, including Surround View / EyeFinity resolutions. There isn't much in the way of graphics settings beyond resolution, vsync and anti-aliasing, however, and there are no specific PC-only graphics features other than those. Even so, disintegrating enemy aircraft with the ""steel carnage"" system is impressive to watch at higher resolutions.The music and sound design are overall pretty amazing as usual. There are a few tracks that don't really impress me, but overall it sets the tone pretty well. There's a fair departure here from previous games in the series as well, though, with the music generally taking on a grittier tone, though the orchestral tracks are still there. The creaking and snapping of metal as part of the ""steel carnage"" system is a great touch as well.The multiplayer is where this game both shines and falls flat. When the connection is good, between good players, the game is a blast to play. While it has only four game modes, they're extremely well done. However, the netcode is very poor, and DFM mode suffers for it. It's entirely possible to be chasing someone in DFM mode only to stop in mid-air for a second and find yourself slamming into buildings and the turf because the game decided that in order for you to get to your enemy's new position, it had to rubber band you in a straight line towards them. Another problem with it is what I call skipping; If an enemy starts DFM with you, particularly if you're in an attacker, you merely need to point your nose at the ground and pull up at the last instant. No matter how far back they hang or how careful they are, they'll either have to disengage or eat the dirt. It's entirely possible to completely kill other players this way.Issues with lag aside, the game is rife with cheaters using trainers to fire infinite flares or missiles with no downtime. A good player can overcome this, but it seriously degrades the game's fun factor. As a result, there aren't that many people actually playing the game online anymore, which is sad because it actually is a lot of fun when it works.Still, while this isn't the Ace Combat game everyone wanted, it's not a terrible game overall. It has its problems, and a lot of the new things they tried with it didn't work out, but that doesn't stop it from being a lot of fun. Now, if only Namdai would release an Ace Combat HD collection with online multiplayer..."
76561198089953992,Not Recommended,228400,9719010,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,rolanddanger,How disappointing.  I can't even fly upside down.  This is a severe let-down in the sense that... I don't need this thing to keep my top aligned for me.Taking this much control away from the play is the reason I hate games these days.
76561198066112247,Recommended,228400,9720610,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,SGTmurder,Much better graphics than when released on console. I have xbox remote and logitech joystick both play it well . would not recommend if you have only keyboad. played all ace combats and this isnt really ace combat. more like a call of duty jet fighter edition good story decent action when you figure out to counter the enemy with cool flying. like the cobra where you drop in behind someone with cool cut seen thenlay intohim with your mini guns very satisfying
,Not Recommended,228400,9720661,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,PatPgtips,dont buy you cant use a mouse with it everyone is having the same issues
76561198070798398,Not Recommended,228400,9721203,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,TheHeroOfGoats,"The be clear, I have played abouth 20 minutes of this game, so maybe I don't have that much say, but maybe that fact says a lot in it self. This game is boring, plain and simple. The gameplay is easy, the controls are simple and the experience is bland. The simple controls make it so that you never actually feel like you're steering something flying, as losing your handle of the aircraft is virtually impossible, etc. The viewpoint of the game, FOV, as some call it, is too close to the plane - further increasing the feeling that you aren't really flying. Save yourself from some really boring gameplay by not buying this!"
,Recommended,228400,9723110,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Starman,"Despite it not being a title worthy of the name ""Ace Combat,"" It's still a decently fun game. The Dogfight mode was an interesting mechanic, but it runs it's course very fast. Like 2 hours in.The story is terrible. Granted, the story of previous iterations wasn't jaw dropping amazing, but AC4, 5, and Zero stand out as some of the more interesting story lines. I enjoy the lore too.I applaud them for trying something new at least, but at the end of the day the game is built around the dogfight mode mechanic, and as fun as it is initially, it becomes a meddlesome headache to endure.All in all, pick it up on sale if you want some dog fighting arcade style play."
76561198067740825,Recommended,228400,9723144,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,husky,"I think its a great game despite of the reviews and what some people may say about it!..... Whats a shame is they didnt port Ace combat fires of liberation to Pc the way they did this game! I would of loved to see the Graphics on the Pc with Liberation. Also another thing I didnt enjoy about this one was the Engament or the way you engage planes in a dogfight,very unrealistic and just downright annoying. Other then that the game is very enjoyable and iam glad its in my collection of Flight sim games."
,Not Recommended,228400,9723472,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Charles Vane,"I was very fortunate to have purchased this game while it was on sale, what what money I did waste on it was much less than what it could have been. This game is a waste of time and money, ive barley played for more than 15 minutes but ive experineced serious bugs regarding controls and key binding. I'm very particular about my gaming style and If i can't make simple ajustments without breaking the game then...it's a serious problem. This issue is exaserbated because your flying a ♥♥♥♥ing airplane...so being able to control your aircraft easily and effectivly is imperative. This simple problem illustrates a level of laziness and incompetence, and if the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s arnt going to make an effort to resolve basic textbook bugs, then they shouldnt get paid. It's up you if you want to the risk it, this game could be so much fun but the morons have ruined it, because it hasnt been calibrated properly for PC, if you have a controler great because thats what its made for, but the lazy ♥♥♥♥s couldnt be bothered doing it properly. So mouse control is virtually unplayable and WASD flying wont work. If you want to play with any degreee of acuraccy or control what so ever, then get a controler because the developers couldnt be bothered catering the game for PC. Don't buy it, it's a just a big, big, big, big disappointment."
76561198026075286,Not Recommended,228400,9725263,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Lanar Drexel,"Do not buy this if you have played previous Ace Combat games, it is no where near the same as them. Think CoD in the air, very scripted and on rails. Not a bad thing if you like arcade games but definately not reccomended for Ace Combat fans."
,Recommended,228400,9760052,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Bleu,Any play ACAH ?  for playing online :)?welladd meFans
,Not Recommended,228400,9761890,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,I won an egg and spoon race once,Would be a reasonably good casual flying game/timekiller if it didn't just crash when trying to load almost every single mission. Appears to be an issue with lots of other players as well and the developers have done nothing to fix this even though this error popped up a very long time ago
,Not Recommended,228400,9765194,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Abigail,"If you are an Ace Combat fan, don't buy this. I loved the PS2 titles, but everything since is not Ace Combat.I would give £1000 for a game as good as Ace Combat: Squadron Leader, but this is rubbish."
,Recommended,228400,9765252,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Parmethyst ,"Pros:+DFM Mode+PC+Graphics+Multiplayer+Changeable Control (Original and Optimum)Cons:-DFM Mode-Poorly written Story-Scripted Enemy Ace? Get the hell out of my game-High Ping with a lot player = connection problem-Joystick support is partial, which is still a trouble.NO, NO, THIS IS NOT A FLIGHT SIMULATOR, SO DO NOT COMPLAIN ON HOW THERE'S DFM-ARCADE THINGYIT WASN'T EVEN A FLIGHT SIM AT THE FIRST TIME WITH 70 ♥♥♥♥IN MISSILES.Played Earlier Versions of Ace Combat (PS2), And yes this was nothing like what you played in Childhood, No Ace Drama (Which was used to be Ace Combat's expertise), but I still managed to enjoy it, DFM Mode may bring in the Garbage and Adrenaline at the same time.I suggest go for multiplayer, as this game tend to focus on MP rather than SP with Poorly written Stories, but be sure to give it a try. MP features are Skill Sets, where you can equip some Skills such as Enchanced Machine-gun, Enchanced Missile, Quick Turn, and much more, there's even a Call-sign settings which has a lot of reference (PS2 Ace Combat Players will like this), If you cleared a certain thing in the game, you can unlock call-signs such as Mobius, Wardog, Galm, even Garuda, and many more to be use in Multiplayer.tl;dr Flight Arcade, not Flight Simulator.Recommended 7.5/10"
76561197977835897,Not Recommended,228400,9765583,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,[PBB] CAiN,♥♥♥♥♥acrade style bs
,Recommended,228400,9766408,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,AnAngryGiant20,amazing game with a great story to follow its is also fun after completeing the campaign
76561198058906205,Not Recommended,228400,9726423,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,metalblade,"Even at 75% discount this useless excuse for a game is a rip off, I want my money back."
76561198027976165,Not Recommended,228400,19535860,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kookymonster,"This game would be fun if it weren't a scripted piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ So many of the encounters are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ where you do no damage or can't select the appropriate target until some predetermined event/time/distance has passed, and then when you're finally allowed to actually do damage the enemy you're fighting operates under a completely different set of rules. An example would be where you're fighting Markhov and he shoots missiles forward that loop back and ♥♥♥♥ you up."
,Recommended,228400,19667801,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,splint343,"Just to get this out of the way first, yes I have played previous AC games before. nearly all of them actually. Ace Combat 2 was one of the first games I ever played back in my PS1 days and I loved it. I continued that with Ace Combat 3, 4, 5 Zero, Joint Assault, X and X-2. And I loved every single one of those gamesKnowing that, you'd probobly think ""Oh, he's probobly gonna hate this game because of the added chnages, like evryone else has been.""Wrong. I love this game. And it's slowly starting to become my favorite of the series. Here's why:All the long time fans keep hating on the DFM mode here. I can see why they would if they just wanted more of the old games. Me? I loved the old games just fine...but I didn't wan't more of it...because there was too much of it already! by the time Assault Horizon came out, I was like ""What, another game were I fly around for nealry an hour each mission, throwing endless missiles at tiny red boxes on my screen that I guess is supposed to be an enemy plane? Didn't I already do this for EIGHT games already?""But then I gave the game a chance and started up the first mission. I was thinking that I do miss this kind of gameplay, and they'll probobly have good storylteling; they always do with this series, so just go with it. But then the mission begins, the music starts pumping up and the game is like ""Press LB and RB to enter DFM,"" I'm confused for a brief moment but went along anyway...And then my mind is blown.As soon as I finished that first mission I thought, ""This is EXACTLY what I always wanted in this series!""Every engagement with an enemy plane is now this intense roller-coaster ride where you get upclose and personal with the enemy! Even if you do it many times, it never seems to get boring. It's always unpredictable, always keeps you on your toes, always a bit of a challenge on any difficulty setting.A lot of long-time fans hate DFM. I one of the few who will defend it to high heaven. If you guys love the old games so much...well there's already a ton of those, take your pick. Me? I was so ready for somehting new. Something to add to an already niche gameplay. and Assault Horizon delivered for me. Now if you are totally new to the series and played this first, i reccomend you don't go for anything else previously. You'll likey find the older games repetative as hell. Just stick with this and you'll be fine.Now that doesn't mean I don't have my share of complaints. I do find the story a bit lackluster and too short. Really, the story feels like a alt version of the story from Call of Duty...just with planes. And I do miss the alt world setting from the old games, but that's not enough for me to detract from the very fun gameplay. If only this had the epic feel of the settings and characters of the old games, I would've given this top marks. Still a good game though.In fact...hey Namco, if you're somehow reading this, here's an idea for you:Remake AC5 and Zero...but with Assault Horizon's game engine, DFM and all. That would be so awasome, don't you think? Especially with Zero and the ridiculous amout of enemy Aces you can DFM with."
76561198012715012,Not Recommended,228400,19668145,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,WillyB11,"As a huge fan of this series I purchased this game shortly after it came out. Since then I have made numerous attempts to finish it but find myself completely turned off by what they did with it. The new dog fight mode is basically forced into your face and youll find it virtually impossible to complete some missions without using it. All too often while in DFM the AI would make some impossible turn and I would inevitably be guided straight into the ground by the handy dandy DFM I was locked in. Other times I would find myself struggling to shake off a basic enemy attacker, not a TGT, but I would be fighting to stay alive against a mig-29 while I was flying an F15 or F18 which I am all for tough AI, but not at the expense of realism. Sorry to say but mig-29s cannot execute a hairpin turn or a pinch loop. Beyond the mechanic issues the story of this game is all over the place. You go from piloting a fighter jet in a dog fight to piloting an apache helicopter back to a jet and then a door gunner on a blackhawk and then back to jets. I understand they wanted to introduce new mechanics and broaden ace combat but they did so at a terrible price. As a true fan of the series, the world they created for ace combat 4, 5, and zero was amazing and the story in those games was equally great. I cant help but feel like they shot themselves in the foot by switching to a real world setting."
,Not Recommended,228400,19566024,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RyuA,Worst experience ever. CTD on every 20~30 minutes for well known issues. Do initial setup everytime cuz of messed registrystrings(http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Ace_Combat:_Assault_Horizon_-_Enhanced_Edition). NAMCO didn't fix these critical problems so it's nearly impossible to play. Many of issues are not solvable.The game is better than console edition. Improved gameplay experiences.But if you can't play it's meaningless. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥It's the last one to recommend. NEVER RECOMMENDED.
76561198105645485,Not Recommended,228400,19693266,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Shlabakiller,"You can't even use a mouse in this game and that for a pc game.When you change controls, the game just doesn't work properly."
,Recommended,228400,20081272,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PewPewPew,"Well very decent single player, cinematic, explosive and story-rich; but don't expect much from the multiplayer or the co-op, you can barely find a player. Just for fun and pass your boring times."
76561198103639585,Not Recommended,228400,20121480,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rodfather1988,"I am used to be a fan of this franchise but, after the auto aim system, it just ruined the game. Dogfights never been the same ever since..."
76561198011515974,Not Recommended,228400,20165829,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Paul,"If you are looking to play an Ace Combat game, you came to the wrong place. This is not what you want."
,Not Recommended,228400,20073205,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dead Pixel,"I've enjoyed many of the past AC games.. Unfortunately, this wasn't one of them. The combat was slow, predictable and easy :( Compared to the likes of Electrosphere, Squadren Leader and Zero, this one fell pretty short."
76561197978586520,Not Recommended,228400,20026705,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gordon,Uber garbage.Atrocious controls.AI is insanely difficult regardless of the settings.
,Not Recommended,228400,1347940,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,eric,crap♥♥♥♥♥game !! with crapp♥♥♥♥♥controls !!
76561198113470118,Not Recommended,228400,21447957,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,monte.mario51,"If you are a fan of the Ace Combat games like AC04, don't buy this one. Special weapons have been nerfed, your ability to be a pilot is a lot less necessary. Almost to the point where if you can keep your plane from crashing into the ground, you can do whatever you want in this one. This makes your flying skill almost irrelevant. DFM is a joke, essentially is an autopilot that follows enemy planes in an on-the-rails path. As long as you keep your plane pointing vaguely in the same direction as your target, you won't lose it. On top of that, there are a few enemies that are invincible unless you enter DFM with them.In previous titles, if you got hit by AA weaponry whether it was flak, guns, SAMs, or air to air missiles, you kept the damage you recieved unless you returned to base for repairs. Not this one. So long as you don't take damage for about 10 seconds, any damage that has been done to your plane will be repaired immediately. Another aspect that removes piloting skill from the game.If you want an aerial combat game that feels like you are a fighter pilot, don't get Ace Combat: Assault Horizon. Dust off your old Playstation 2, and play Ace Combat 04: Shattered Skies."
76561198025612648,Recommended,228400,11647566,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Keanu Weebs,"good game, great graphics but dont play it without a joystick for flight simulators or youll have a tough time.7.5/10 would pretend to be Maverick again"
,Recommended,228400,6993233,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,iTS.Itzal909,"If you love the experience of flying some of the worlds most powerful aircraft, then sit back and enjoy the ride! Ace Combat, coming to PC has outdone it again. With Assault Horizon coming to PC, now all Ace fans can enjoy the fun too!Clear for take off!"
76561198038918113,Not Recommended,228400,22179549,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Blackheart,Just awful.Nothing like the games that made Ace Combat a beloved franchise.One to avoid at any price.
,Recommended,228400,22220561,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,FriedIchy,Awesome game with a great optimization
76561198202529492,Recommended,228400,22199732,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mattboy11,Love It
76561198284570619,Not Recommended,228400,22312344,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,densodensodenso,"THis game dissapoints me. The story is not the great compared to the earlier AC. And the replay is gone! WTF. I even bought a flight stick for this game. And the new thinggy on how to shoot planes is crappy. You always have to use that or you cannot destroy any planes. Too repetitive, becomes boring . I miss the style dog fight, much fun that way. And again no replays!!! WTF"
,Not Recommended,228400,9563734,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Blood Animus,"Was hoping for an experience similar to Ace Combat: Fires of Liberation. But this crap is what I got instead. Not even close to being worth money for those who played Ace Combat before. This game is a complete joke and the controls are so dumbed down and dogfights are stupid easy with the little chase-down thing. DO NOT buy if you thought it was like any other Ace Combat brilliance, this game is JUNK. Would buy fires of liberation in a heartbeat, I beat it on every difficulty and still played through again and again because it was so fun.tl;drNothing like fires of liberation, stupid easy, a shame on the series, will never play again"
76561197971524300,Recommended,228400,21542110,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Razgriz,"Really enjoyed this game. While the story is a bit shallow, the ending, while predicable, does not dissapoint. The ending cut scene is a bit dry, but you don't feel bad for buying the game. Some say the game play is repetitive, but who cares when you're having this much fun!While Ace Combat 5 is my absolute Ace game, this game holds it own. You won't be mad for buying it."
76561198057839221,Recommended,228400,9734223,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kevin,"Not a simulator, but soo much fun and great missions, i don't like the controlls for helicopters with a joystick at all, can't controll it in its totallity... great game, buy it :P"
76561198027792743,Not Recommended,228400,9734680,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,kingblazer,"Extremely disappointed, even at 75% off($7.??). Game is set up for keyboard or X box controller but NO JOYSTICK, how unatural. I am 64 years old and love combat games. I am sitting here with a great wireless x-box type controller and wireless joystick plus a fantastic gaming keyboard. I use them all but when flying, I expect to use a stick, it's just natural. X-box type are great for AA3, Alien vs Preditor, hitman, metro, Doom3, left for dead etc.,etc., but for flying, I expect to use a stick. After all, it is a form of flight simulator >> right??? I don't have a problem with people flying SIMs with controllers and keyboards but how hard would it be to write in lines of code to have a stick option for people like me and there are a LOT of people like me???????The other problems I have and I only played 20 minutes or so are these. It seems like you ALWAYS start and end ""in flight"", no landings or take offs. Also, no refueling or anything???? Maybe I missed something that might be in there but I don't think so. From what I can see (and I really never got past the tuitorial stage before being bored to insanity) all you do is fly, shoot and die. Where's the fun???? I could be wrong but, lacking a joystick option, I don't have the patience to dig any deeper into the game. I woud rather fly the slow, prop spinning, tail draggers on Ace's High.I don't know if anyone out there remembers ""JANE'S USAF"" or ""Eurofighter 2000"" but those were ""GAMES"". Especially JANE'S,,,,, fantastic flight sims. I still have them and keep a beefed up Windows 98SE computer around just for them.As far as this Ace Combat, if I had paid full price, I would be fighting for a refund. I'll just let it sit in my ""library"" and collect dust.I just want to say that I have made a lot of purchases through Steam over the years and this is my first disappointment.."
,Not Recommended,228400,9735309,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,RakingLeaves,"Controls are poor. Mechanics and gameplay are cumbersome. Gunner and Helo gameplay is clunky. ""Close-range Assault"" (aka Dogfight mode) is necessary to kill nearly any other jet; the mechanic gets old and tired quickly."
76561198035836331,Recommended,228400,9735466,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,SYPHER,compaird to ac4 shatered skys this game sucks
,Not Recommended,228400,9735780,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Shiro,"I don't even know where to start with this game. From the moment I launched it, it has been rife with bugs. You have to mode the Default_Input.ini file just to get a glitch taken care of that constantly holds the down button. From there, you have to manually set all of your mouse controls everytime you launch the game, because it doesn't save your settings. This is coming from a major bug where my mouse and keyboard won't send signals to my aircraft in game. Nothing happens. I haven't made it from the first 2 minutes of game play because I am unable to control my plane. Do not buy, even on sale. Not worth it at all."
76561198012212412,Recommended,228400,9736548,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ＳＮＥΔＫＹ,"Although this is a very big departure from the rest of the series, the fast combat never had me bored or even wanting more out of a arial combat game, the only downside is that the helicopter missions just plain suck, but other than that, it's worth a buy. Just make sure you have a controller to use."
,Recommended,228400,9736827,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,HERYSHAF,"15 years ago, I was playing this game in PS1 now i have a chance to play  in my supercomputer. Game story and both aircraft and heli usage great. I bought it only for 7.49$ and if u are looking for an action packed game with aviation right game is THAT..."
,Recommended,228400,9738743,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,loryka,"Its not the best ace combat, but hey, its Ace Combat...on steam. Love it!"
,Not Recommended,228400,9737421,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Pedro,"Stupid game made by stupid people. You are fighting alone against 50(or more) aicrafts per mission, your plane is carrying 200 primary rockets + ~25 secondary and your allies are useless, made only to disturb you and make the game harder. Maybe this is becouse i was playind the highest difficulty level, but the mission above Dubai has crown it all. You have about 20 fighters against you siiting on your back and you have to shot down three ♥♥♥♥ing bombers(you need about 5-10 rocket hits to shot one) in about 2 minutes, or mission will be failed. All alone. Just ♥♥♥♥ing great. Do not touch even with a stick.Edit: I forgot to say that the amount of enemies is the only difficult of this game, fights are mercilessly scripted, you can see the same tower falling on your head in ""dog fight""(but it cant kill you whatever you do) 10 times in one mission and there is only few types of enemy behavior. Especcially on the begining you have to waste a lot of time to avoid enemy attacks, because everyone is focused on you and you are lucky if game gives you 10 seconds to lock-on and shot down the enemy. Just flying around and waiting the scripts let you do anything. And sometimes just to make you angry the script will lock enemy on your♥♥♥♥♥and the only way to avoid attack will be using flares. Which is 6 in one mission. 6 flares when your plane can carry even 250 rockets. And you have 50 opponents to kill only by yourself. They were trying to be funny or something?"
,Not Recommended,228400,9738975,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Skios,"NEVER, EVER waste money on this game even at 75% off it's just garbage, the enemies can do FULL 180's at 2km/s It's absolutely the worst game I've ever played and I've played ET.If you waste your money, you need to call the short bus."
,Recommended,228400,9739207,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ChrusPlays,"I have been into airplane games, and wanted to give a fighting simulator a try.Some people say that this game isn't good because they played other Ace Combat games, but I haven't and I really enjoy it so far. I have no problems, not even the controls, and since im new, i decided to try Rookie mode. I am going to complete campaign in rookie mode and then move up and up as I repeat the missions.I would really recomend that anyone purchases this game, you should get it right now being that is ONLY $7.49 until Monday at 1PM EST!"
76561198051521502,Not Recommended,228400,9739280,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Bender,"This game is crap even at 75 percent off. They hype it up to be great but the sound effects and music bring me back to the early 90's, the repeative dog fighting is boring. The graphics of the city or ground are terrible long story short waste of money wish I had my $7.49 back!"
76561198044206332,Not Recommended,228400,9739291,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ramshield,i heate this game it is not worth the price you play for it the combat is rediculus the graphics look like a toddler did them for a laugh i would rather take pic's of my own♥♥♥♥♥!! this game is crap
,Recommended,228400,9739414,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,humvee,"The good :- Visuals, particularly destructive side of animation- Music, even if a little repetitiveThe bad :- Controls (particularly the helicopter). Turning is ridiculously slow, regardless of mouse sensitivity settings (took 6 or so swipes across the mouse pad to do 180 degree turn, and that is at max sensitivity on mouse and in game)- Lack of even smallest dose of realism. I know the game is not meant to be a proper sim, but still... While DFM mode is somewhat bearable in that respect, and I can overlook the fact of having 600+ missiles (!!!) loadout, the fact that when fighting one on one in certain part of the game (no other enemies on the sky), the opponent was able to lock and fire multiple missiles while I was tailing DIRECTLY behind him is just ridiculous. Since when fighter jets can fire in reverse ???- Murrica' factor.  Good americans, bad russians. And the good russians that suddenly need american help with literally everything. Murrica saves the world again ...All things considered, I would still recommend it, as there will be good number of people who will like this game. Especially players with gamepads. Entertaining, and easy enough to play.Fans of ""real"" simulators (DCS or such), give this one a pass. No way to use proper flight controller, and physics are just made up :)"
76561198092324579,Recommended,228400,9739591,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,TheAppleSauceKing,"The negative reviews are only haters, I have had a hell of a fun time playing this game but it realy does take some getting use to. You can change the control to make it so you can control the roll. There are tons of planes to choose from in multiplayer. If you buy the game you will not regret it."
76561197971763320,Not Recommended,228400,9741009,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Green Smurf,This game is - A waset of yuou mony!
76561198011065990,Recommended,228400,9741495,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Yiddley The Forest Man,"Not a bad game if you just fancy owning easy AI. Not had time to try the multiplayer yet but I'm sure it's fun. However the controls are very clumsy. You cannot perform realistic movements like in a lot of sims out there, you sometimes have to fight against the controls in order to actually get a decent take down. Besides that it's a interesting game."
,Recommended,228400,9741742,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Rickified27,Awesome game!
76561197980259837,Not Recommended,228400,9741756,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,buzzsaw,Crap! What a disappointment.It did not play well.I do not recommend this game.
76561198063822923,Recommended,228400,9742119,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,mark1000,Pure adrenalin rush.
76561197970652874,Not Recommended,228400,9726826,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Knackerbags,"This game has the worst flight dynamics of any game I have ever played. I know it's an arcade flight combat game but seriously, you can't even do an aileron roll? How are you supposed to engage in combat if the aircraft doesn't respond remotely like an aircraft?"
76561198013249613,Recommended,228400,9727424,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Omicron,Nice visuals and intense A/A & A/G combat makes this a very nice game. Especially on Steam sale.
76561198081215363,Not Recommended,228400,9727481,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,CrazyFlaps,This game controls like S*** if you want a game that is actually playable go get tom clancy's hawx
,Not Recommended,228400,9727512,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,sam_r_i,"Crashes constantly, multiplayer servers either not found or empty of life, and a quite difficult introductory level that doesn't introduce you to any kind of story at all (campaign mode). My biggest problem is that it crashes while trying to load the second campaign mission and there doesn't not appear to be a fix for it (fooled around with compat. settings and admin privs, no luck). Forums are full of complaints and it doesn't look like steam is fully ready to support this game, and i'm sorta chapped they put a hot sale price on it even though there are clearly issues with it. this is the kind of crappy experience i'd expect from an ipad flight sim app. steam dropped the ball here, don't buy this."
76561197974285831,Not Recommended,228400,9727529,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Itwasntme,"Good graphics, some fun areas.Joystick controls are shoddy. Aircraft game with no joystick? No fun. Period."
,Recommended,228400,9727678,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"Bit of a letdown considering the surprisingly good story-driven Ace Combats of the past. In short the story is a pathetically cliched jingoistic mess barely worth of CoD. The gameplay is pretty standard AC fare for the most part, however a rather boring and sometimes frustrating dogfight mode mars the enjoyment. The helicopter missions are at first an interesting change of pace but quickly become repetetive and dull. On the plus side it looks reaaaaally nice for the most part, and they mercifully removed the god-awful GFL rubbish. If you like the Ace Combat or Hawx series this is worth getting in a sale. All in all it's an okay game if you just wanna blow some planes up really."
,Not Recommended,228400,9729053,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Leatherman,"This game should have never been made. I'll review the game in the form of a pros and cons list, but with a brief preface. I refuse to compromise my experience in a flight sim. I don't care if a dev or community says ""It's meant to be played with gamepad!"" or ""It's not good for a stick"". I don't care. I expect my flight sims to work well with a stick, and when they don't, that's an incomplete game to me. I was not able to get very far without quitting due to frustration.PROS+Graphics are great. Naturally better than the consoles due to being on PC+Actual menu options+Similar HUD style to the console ACE gamesCONS-Atrocious controls, the game will abscond with aileron control if you so much as even think about not being 100% level with the ground-Bad joystick optimization. It's either oversensitive or undersensitive and the default button layout is pretty bad, IMHO.-Weird key mapping. Controls and commands are not clustered for your fingers' convenience or by similarity in function or frequency of use. If you expect to use a keyboard, get the stretchy guy from Fantastic 4 to help out.-Storyline is thin gruel. Voicework, story, setting, and characters are all 100% generic or overdone. It is the opposite of ACE 04, which had an interesting story and method of delivering it and an effective, interesting cast of characetsr (that interestingly enough didn't really include the player)-Dogfight sequences. It's like a bad on-rails shooter sequence that makes you control the rails as well as shoot, and you can't damage a lot of important enemies outside of this sequence.-You are required to pay money to experience this. Goat Simulator is much cheaper (ignoring current sale price) and is far more intuitive and motivating"
,Recommended,228400,9729256,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Azznerak,"Come on people, for 7 bucks it isnt a bad game. Actually kind of fun blowing the living crap out of commie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with a multi-million dollar jet between your legs...but thats just me."
,Not Recommended,228400,9729549,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,The Manaconda,"They gutted the best AC games, and the hollow and vacant-eyed corpse they left behind was AC: Assault Horizon."
,Not Recommended,228400,9729848,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Theoutlaw,"Keyboard controls are terrible, can't use a mouse and terrible joystick support. This game does not play well on the PC. The graphics look good but that doesn't help a whole lot if gameplay is terrible."
,Recommended,228400,9730556,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,T1g4h,"As an Ace Combat game, it's not great. Assault Horizon does away with the pretty in depth fictional universe that the Ace series was known for on PS2. Gone are Mobius Squadron, Razgriz, Thunderhead, Skye Eye, and the various fictional countries with their histories. This is basically MURIKA VERSUS THE TERRORISTS like you'd see in CoD or the like, only in planes. It's pretty silly and modern war-sy, but it's tolerable.As an action / arcade dogfight game though, it's fun. It still maintains the ""Planes carry absurd amounts of missiles"" feature from the Ace series, and the graphics are pretty awesome. Not only that, but as scripted feeling and over the top action movie-ish the new Dog Fight Mode may be, it can still be fun at times. Weaving between buildings, struggling to maintain a lock, and peppering an enemy fighter with cannon fire is genuinely thrilling. I can't say I'm a big fan of the helicopter levels, nor the AC-130 one (Because what modern war game would be complete without an AC-130 level?), but in terms of overall enjoyability, I liked it. It was worth buying on sale, and while it may not be as amazing as 4/5/Zero, it's worth a look if you just want to fly around and take down entire wings of planes with your Ultimate Hero Guy abilities."
76561198080017250,Recommended,228400,9730846,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ivanpejovic,It is everything I was hoping for. Haven for those obsessed with fighting jets. Truly remarkable becaues I'm living my fallen dream of being a pilot. I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do.
,Recommended,228400,9732080,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Reto,"Many funs. Campaign is a bit short. Worth the £2.49 I paid. Amazing sound track, graphics. The AI is a bit silly and predictable but that's what hard mode is for. ;)"
,Not Recommended,228400,9733864,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,striker93,"In comparison to he other ace combat games i have played this sucks. up until you get to the the big bear fight its ""okay"", but after that it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ You would go into a mission and attempt to shoot down other planes just to be locked on by missiles, you can lose them but because the controls suck its hard but then even if you do i often found that with in a few seconds i had another missile after me. you cant focus on playing the game and destroying enemy's because you spend most the time trying to get away from the endless ♥♥♥♥ing missiles. not to mention that when you do get the chance to kill enemy's they make the most unrealistic movements you could imagine.  was not worth even the £2.50 i paid for it."
76561197992565989,Not Recommended,228400,9742589,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Peat,This is a truly awful game.
,Recommended,228400,5407943,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Maha Vailo,"OMG this game is so epic!!!!!! PS1 fans will love this sexy remake. While it lacks replayability it makes up for with an engaging storyline and superb gameplay. The dog fights are nail biting. The thrill of kill or be killed mixed with desperation as you have objectives to do makes this a challenging, yet enjoying experience.My score: A soaring 8.9 out of 10.Easily one of the best jet fighting games out there."
,Recommended,228400,9590122,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tycho5ive,"No one is happier than me that Ace Combat finally made a debut on PC, but Assault Horizon was not the title to do it with. Ace Combat's strong point, since Ace Combat 2, has been its strong singleplayer with spine-chilling stories of just-unreal-enough jet capers to keep the mythos of the unique Ace Combat world alive and believable.Ace Combat: Assault Horizon's spineless story falls on its face, and I'm not saying that just because I'm partial to the alternate world presented in Ace Combats 2-6, Zero, X, Xi and 3D. Assault Horizon's campaign simply a cookie-cutter CoD story with your average, predictable shooter drama.That being said, multiplayer is genuinely fun and presents a new challenge than just shooting down mooks by the thousands. Dogfight Mode, although it kind of nerfs single player, I think is a necessary evil for multiplayer--it keeps players in the game and prevents campers from hiding on the edges of the mape with long-range missiles. That's when anyone is on, that is--Games for Windows Live means almost no one wants to play online. Fingers crossed that once it's completely phased out I'll be seeing more challengers on the server list!Great graphics, especially with the high frame-rates afforded by the PC.All in all, I would recommend this game once Steamworks is fully implemented.Dance with the angels!"
,Recommended,228400,9742761,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sillsy,"This is just an initial review after a quick 30 minutes or so blast on it.  First impressions are very good.  From what I have seen so far It is basically CoD in the air which is actually a not a bad thing (I'm more of a Day-Z kinda guy) as it is easy to pick up and it is not pretentious with trying to simulate everything perfectly, it is about the fun which is what a game should be.  I have already had my £2.49 worth out of it in the short time I have played it for so it is well worth this.I look on this like I look on an Arnie film, take your brain out and enjoy the show, don't try and over think it and enjoy it for what it is, a shoot em up in the air.p.s. the door gunner level is pretty cool with unlimited ammo it seems so getting brassing up those rebels!"
,Recommended,228400,9742966,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,ChogokinGoldie,"The first Ace Combat game on PC and the series is better for it. Great choice of control inputs, excelent gameplay, graphics, and a new innovation with the ""Dogfight Mode"". While the story is an abysmal ""Rissia VS America"" as long as you imagine the game is the main character's fever dream the game is very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,228400,9743453,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,look@that,"Great game if you have a HOTAS or at least a joystick. If you're using a mouse it can be more difficult to play so I've heard. I never really tried it b/c I've always had a HOTAS. Anyways, I found the campaigne boring. I used it to learn how to play and thats it.As soon as I got the hang of it, I went straight to multiplayer. For the low steam sale price, this acrade-style flight combat game is DEFINITELY worth it. It's high intensity dog fighting and the DFM (dog fight mode) let's you lock on someones tail and helps you to gun them down. It's definitely awesome and i recommend it. You'll get at lesat 20 hours of good multiplayer fun from it."
76561197978856951,Not Recommended,228400,9743626,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,[UCG] MiniGoold,"Not even worth £2.49. Its a very basic, slow game with very little to offer apart from repetition."
76561197971238621,Not Recommended,228400,9745555,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lorcian,"Aweful. Terrible. Avoid. Obeously a console port with TERRIBLE controls. It's hugely scripted with very little free flight. You have to use the c button to ""zoom"" in to actually be able to shoot anything. Dont even try using a mouse, the sensitivity options are a joke. The whole game is a joke. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,228400,9745714,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Gerroh,Garbage.Doesn't feel like the previous Ace Combat gamesThird person view is stuck way too close with no other third-person alternatives.Controls are clunkyDOES NOT USE MOUSE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥Got it on sale and I still feel ripped off.
76561198022151333,Recommended,228400,9746225,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Wild Sparrow (Matthew Odunen),Ace Combat Assault Horizon is a good game buti felt it was a bit short vs the older ace combats and the sorty was not as good as past games it took me about 5-6 hours to play and beat on the hard settingthe conrtols did not feel right and it felt very hard to target other aircraftalso worth noteing is that it is very hard to find a MP game the one i was in was goodover all its a good buy for 7$ on sale
,Not Recommended,228400,9746765,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,feastguy101,"How can I say this. Oh yes. If you want to port Ace Combat to the PC, why don't you just USE THE NORMAL CONTROLS EVERYONE ELSE, FOR THE PAST 20 YEARS, HAS BEEN USING???This pains me. I have Ace Combat (one of them) for the PSP, and that is a good game, very entertaining.This shining turd, on the other hand, is UNPLAYABLE. The controls are just broken. The graphics are amazing and I don't even much care about the whole ""dogfighting"" thing (noob babysit), but the controls ruin the game. Couldn't make it past the first mission. The bloody TUTORIAL. Mouse control is available, but doesn't work. Keyboard controls just don't cut it. And joystick control (yes, I am one of the few people that actually has one, in this year of our Lord 2014) cuts you out of one of the three axis. IF I WANT TO TURN THE PLANE, LET ME ROTATE ALL THE THREE AXIS!!! HOW DO YOU TURN A F35 INTO A DAMN B52??? NO DECENT LOOPINGS, NO TIGHT TURNS??? Last time I checked, ALL PLANES COME WITH SEPARATE CONTROLS FOR THE FLAPS AND THE RUDDER!!!Don't buy this, it's garbage. A complete waste of your money, however little it might be."
,Recommended,228400,11414464,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Soviet,Very good and fun arcadey flight game (note i did not use the word sim) Do you remember back in the late 80's early 90's when flight game sused to be fun instead of all simulator? well this harkens back to those days.It's sacrifices realism for fun.And isnt that all you want from a game?P.s. You must have a controller preferably a xbox one.
76561197987034927,Not Recommended,228400,11415037,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Darkclaw08,"For me the most fun I ever had in the ace combat series was the intense dog fighting between myself and the best planes the computer could muster.  This version removed that.  Now they have their version of a quick time event where you mash the missle button until the baddie is dead, and too bad if you don't want to do the QTE, that enemy has infinite flares outside the QTE so you will never take him down without it.  I've never been so dissapointed in a game.  1/10."
76561198036016376,Recommended,228400,11415356,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Fangy,HIGHWAY TO HELL BABY!
76561198040312102,Recommended,228400,11395240,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,firebirdharris,"It's no Fires of Liberation but it's a good aircraft flight game (not sim, it's arcade like).DFM (Dog Fight Mode, it's pretty much rails....) is pretty much the worst thing in this game, but with a bit of skill you can get away without using it for all the non ""Target_LDR"" aircraft (Target_LDR are scripted and usually have some massive building dropping event that you fly under) , the QTEs are basically ""press y"" which if you ignore just continutes the game anyway with no effect.I would say that an xBox controller is essential for this though as i couldn't get it to work with normal mouse and keyboard.It it worth buying a £15 USB xBox controller over? Not on it's own but you'll find other uses for an xBox controller.There are some challenging bits that are more frustrating than anything (could autosave between the bomber runs...)Like i said, it's no Fires of Liberation but if you ignore the Ace Combat title it's a decent standalone aircraft game."
76561198089871535,Not Recommended,228400,11395871,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,RGarcia96,Game fails every time i lock on to the Nuke.
,Recommended,228400,11397159,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Zippingkrazz,Always been a fan of these games and they seem to get better and better highly reccomend for anyone who likes fast paced action.
76561198065709410,Recommended,228400,11399123,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,DavidJ371,"This game is fun to play, I miss playing the flight simulator games on my computer, even if this is a combat game, I will play more of this."
,Recommended,228400,11399812,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dark Flame Master,i only like the idol master skin.
76561198047866376,Recommended,228400,11399892,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,briman44,I had no expectations and wow its just plain fun. I know nothing about the games like this but I know this is fun and a lot of content Well worht the $. I'll pick it up for sure.
,Recommended,228400,11400433,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SmNoamLs,"Fun game.For the oldsters among us who miss the old afterburner type games, this one is for you.Although not as simplistic as afterburner, this game is not exacxtly a simulator.But it is fun. Gorgeous graphics, good dog fights and intuitive controls make this a good time waster.2 thumbs up."
,Recommended,228400,11540766,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,TATERTHOT,good
76561198008858678,Recommended,228400,11437093,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,agamur2000,"Acutely action packed, non stop flight with excellent graphics!"
76561198120891195,Recommended,228400,11525522,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,FreakingKnoght,AWESOME!
76561198059378944,Recommended,228400,11402895,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Willisssp,"Do not buy this game if you are going to try and play it with a keyboard and mouse, you need a controller to get the most out of it, also, the graphics are pretty bad."
,Not Recommended,228400,11403938,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NortonGoesWhite,"waste of money, damn i bought it $5 i thought it was worth it but its just waste of money, i dont recomend this game because the storyline is weird and this game is only about shooting airplane more than about airplane so this is like Call of Duty of airplane and that sucks."
,Not Recommended,228400,11406142,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mr. Man,"This is even not an arcade... Do not buy. I cant talk about the plot because the first time i was able to controll the plane, was the last."
76561198068509982,Recommended,228400,11407115,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kiret_4eva,Great game! I've played ace combat since it came out on the PS1 and I guess I'm a bit of a fanboy but its great for the 4 bucks it was
76561197995294824,Not Recommended,228400,11407760,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rhyxivar,"I was a big fan of the original Ace combat series and this...isn't it. The game forces you into views, the controls are clumsy and so far the story isn't engaging in the least. Honestly, I miss Yuktobania."
,Recommended,228400,11423121,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Brandonger,"In short, a 7.5/10. PROS: Great graphics, classic Ace Combat fighter action and great mission scripting. CONS: Takes away from original Ace Combat style of gameplay (more ""Call of Duty"" style, fast-paced action), plays better with controller.I personally am a HUGE fan of the original Ace Combat series of video games. I have all of their games released for PS2, with ""04: Shattered Skies"" and ""5: The Unsung War"" being my favorites from Namco-Bandai's Project Aces team, but this game, in all respects was somewhat of a disappointment. Without a doubt, it's a very good and (to me) a recommendable game, it just lacks a bit where the old Ace Combat really shined.The Ace Combat series in itself is very well-renowned as a combat flight simulator for the Playstation 2, and for many years, the Project Aces team were the best of the best on the market. No other video games at the time gave a more realistic sensation of combat flight. Assault Horizon really diverges from that original goal, however. As mentioned in another review, in this game, ""Ace Combat"" really becomes ""Aerial Call of Duty"". The game takes away from the realistic feel of flying the plane to bring in more action-packed and fast-paced gameplay. Features such as Dog Fight MODE and the addition of helicopter and gunship missions definitely stray away from the original Ace Combat. Other fans of Ace Combat on console systems will also take note of how impaired gameplay can be without a controller (joysticks are easier, and without them. the ""free-viewing"" mode allowing the player to look around the plane or cockpit becomes unusable).But that is not to say it's a bad game. Mission scripting is as good as ever from the Project Aces team, and the visuals are without a doubt phenomenal. It's still an Ace Combat game. It's still very enjoyable."
76561198024874460,Recommended,228400,11425221,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Crashes. Constsantly. GTX780, newest Driver. If you invest in good hardware, you expect games to run solid."
,Not Recommended,228400,9796907,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Trig,nah
,Recommended,228400,12398178,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,cai900,"This game is not a flight simulator, Aracde style flight game.online is almost empty though, online play is fun."
76561198083312955,Recommended,228400,17100461,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ACMDogfight1997,It's pretty good but I recommend playing this with a controller.
76561197961123154,Not Recommended,228400,18013879,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SGT_Saunders,"Respectfully I have played almost every Ace Combat since the 1990s.  The first 3 were good games but lacking in some ways.  4 had an engaging story but the rudder in combat seemed useless at best.  5 to my opinion is by far the best in the series. The Balkan War tha come  out after was a great flyer using AC5's engine so it was a fun game with weak story telling...not a weak story, just weak in the way the story was told.Now we have 6 here.  I am not a fan of DFM.  I can see it for novice flyers.  Giving them that gritty dogfighting feel.  I however am not a novice and do enjoy a close in fight with combat aircraft.  Which is why I am able to do it without a DFM.  Unfortunately they make the DFM necessary to tackle many of the enemies in the game.Overall the story is okay but can be bland at times.  I really wish they had taken a look at the 2 greatest works they have done and just figured out what worked for them and incorporated them into the game.Honestly the game play in both 4 and 5 were great(minus rudder issue with 4 which was corrected in 5).   I do like when companies take a risk on something like DFM.  I honestly hope they either find a better way to handle the mechanic or ditch it all together.If you thought this game could have been better try AC4 or 5.   They so far are the pinnacle of this series."
,Not Recommended,228400,17990198,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ResidentRawr,"Super janky when it comes to actually playing the game. I couldn't even get through the tutorial because the ""throttle"" is only FULL ON ♥♥♥♥ING FAST AS♥♥♥♥♥♥or so slow that you're going to stall.Dont even spend $5 on this game.If I manage to get to the other missions maybe I'll change my mind."
,Not Recommended,228400,9737185,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Apsyc,"A bad port of a bad game. So, so disappointing. Even on the proper platform I can't see this being fun."
,Recommended,228400,17988155,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,pressFtocontinue,"Is it realistic simulation? No.Is it fun game? Definitely yes.This is like playing FlatOut but with planes. Fast, funny and over the top. You can't expect realism.Helicopter missions could be shorter and I haven't met anybody who could speak english in multiplayer."
76561197969098142,Not Recommended,228400,17988993,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Yajuu,"A pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥designed to appease the mentally deficient [aka, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ console gamers]DFM I guess appeals to nascar fans or some♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,228400,17985919,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Master Ninja,"Gameplay is pretty crap. Just a tip, go into options and change the control scheme for classic."
76561198190530511,Recommended,228400,17980758,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,oppai_pool_2000,THIS GAME IS SICK
76561198138244765,Recommended,228400,11445231,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,J&G,Perfect action.Incredible effects.Awesome.
,Recommended,228400,11416508,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,boir,"Awesome! I like this game. Nice graphic, also great single player stories."
,Not Recommended,228400,11419422,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,oohcoo,"I looked forward to playing the game but once i opened it & walks in campain mode, every time i try to do the first action ingame which is by keyboard = C or by xbox360 controller = LB + RB , the game crashes.. gg. Please fix this if possible"
,Not Recommended,228400,11420104,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,nickert0n,"It's a crappy console port cash grab, skip it."
76561197977899664,Recommended,228400,11420435,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ThetaSigma,"Fast moving, good graphics and a sensible learning curve makes this a good intro to the franchise - and great value!"
76561198063561875,Recommended,228400,11420465,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,whanman1980,"With very little game time here, the only thing I have noticed so far that I don't like about this game vs previous Ace Combat titles, is the lack of aircraft free-maneuverability.  In every other title that I have played, you have the ability for barrel rolls, and other high-speed maneuvers that this title lacks.  That said, I really appreciate the high quality graphics, the way that aircraft fragment as they are being hit, etc.  Ace Combat continues to live up to their players' expectations, and are keeping me as an avid player."
76561197982803062,Not Recommended,228400,11420805,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Killersteel,"When I bought this I was expecting an arcade game with no realisitic qualities, but it really does take the unrealistic to another level. Enemies break the laws of physics with regards to being able to constantly turn on a dime and seemingly having the ability to get a lock on you without even being pointed in your direction. The game forces you to use the horrible 'dog fight mode' in order to shoot down enemies because without it, missiles just barely ever hit anything. I think  if they removed the dog fight mode and tweaked the manual dogfighting it would be a much more enjoyable experience. Also they need to tone down the whole super evil Russian bad guy with god like flying abilities thing -_- They really ruined it by pushing a whole bunch of cheesy gimicks and cliches."
76561198045518178,Recommended,228400,11420951,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,PassTheAsbestos,"Worst controls for a game ever, literally unplayable. I want my $4 back..."
,Not Recommended,228400,11421730,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Clameow,"Had some crashes, game is really intrusively scripted - pretty much quick time events which leave you wondering if you are actually doing anything at all... it seemed a nice addition at first, but it is used far too often. Feels like auto-aim in a first person shooter.I loved the older games back on the PS1 or 2 (whichever it was - probably both) so it is a little disappointing. Having said that, it isn't TERRIBLE. If I had an option to choose maybe rather than yes or no, I would.Works with Xbox controller quite well otherwise, and looks decent. Might be more reliable on different PC setup. (drivers etc)"
,Recommended,228400,5960174,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Wizz3r1o1,Take to the sky and send you targets raining to the ground as nothing but scrap and shrapnel. Lay waste to those who attempt to shoot you down as you become an Ace and set the sky ablaze all to save the world.
,Not Recommended,228400,11790425,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Triggerhappy,Missions are entirely too long. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing repetative chore that will annoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of you. Stay away.
,Not Recommended,228400,11693776,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Lexey,"Very dull. At an arcade its probably fine for a few minutes, but otherwise there is a lot better combat games out there than this one."
76561198075029668,Recommended,228400,6781717,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,DURO,ES UNA CHIMBAAAAAA
76561198138357378,Recommended,228400,12031945,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,MFYarch,THIS GAME RECOMMENDED. MAKE SURE YOU ARE EXPERT IN CONTROLLER PAD.
76561197994182592,Recommended,228400,11929633,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,guandjs,"Really fun action game! I really enjoyed the great variety of airborne modes (fighters, couple of helicopter, bombers, air bombardment, etc). I'd recommend playing through on Rookie before going up as I found that to be challenging enough on some missions!"
76561198116535497,Recommended,228400,12135301,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Henry David Throw,"I loved the Ace Combat games for the PS2 and at first I disliked DFM (Dog Fight Mode) then I realized something, I'm using a keyboard to play this game. Without DFM it would have been very hard to keep on an enemey plane. The Helicopter missions weren't the best and they could hae done better. I was not Disapointed with this nor was I super impressed I would give it a 7/10"
76561198113777944,Recommended,228400,12136637,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,𝔩𝔱𝔰 𝔩𝔦𝔱,Pretty Good game. Awesome planes and awesome Campaign enjoyed a lot
76561197997400212,Recommended,228400,12123253,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,XCRage,"Wow, did this game ever scratch an action oriented flight sim itch I didn't know I had in such a great way   (except maybe the helicopter missions...).Don't expect realism here, this is definitely a Call of Duty in the skies, with Top Gun plane action. A total blast if you can accept it for what it is though"
76561198043676508,Recommended,228400,11908227,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,=CS=CrimsonFudge,Awesome game controls are nice even at the keyboard.
,Recommended,228400,11994678,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,zmz125000,better than the HAWXs
,Recommended,228400,9750212,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Qmi,"A little short, but overall a nice game."
76561198013914907,Not Recommended,228400,9750699,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hai-Etlik,"An hour and a half in and I really have no desire to play any further.  It's completely useless with my stick, and the rudder pedals are worse than useless as it tries to interpret the toe brakes, even in the menus.  It's stuck looking permanently straight down in any view but cockpit, or straight up in the ""in person"" cut scenes.  There's no story that I can see yet. The ""dogfight mode"" is fraking annoying and required to kill most of the enemies, and It overall just feels like a pile of enemies thrown at you without any sort of goal behind it.  Maybe it gets better, but at the moment I'm just going to call it $8 and 109 minutes of my time.  Other than being less buggy (As in, it's technically playable) and not having the assinine Ubisoft DRM, it's worse than HAWX."
76561198027265513,Not Recommended,228400,9750874,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,The Great Flanholio,"Worst combat air game ever! [comic book guy's voice] Seriously, I've played much better air sims on a C-64. Totally felt connec into buying this game! First 10 minutes of combat and I finally realized that all you can do is turn one way or the other and can't ascend or dive. maybe that was the tutorial, but hey, give me gull control of the thing! I'm trying to figure out how to RMA this turkey!"
76561198087994622,Recommended,228400,9750986,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,MrAwesomeOne,"A must have game if you enjoy fast action pack fun, graphics is unreal the controls are unreal they have done a really good job on this game and being an Ace Combat game they had to live up to the standards that ace combat brings to the gamers and i believe they have smased it i hope they bring out more planes soon, hmmmm i gotta buy a joystick now >.<"
76561197973322774,Recommended,228400,9776855,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,nachilau,"Just finished the game. I think the game is great. It is properly not the same as previous Ace combat game, but I think it make this kind of dog fight game more accessable for general audience. The only complain may be the game is a little bit short. There is only 2 mission using the helicopter and 1 mission attack the ship. I think the developer can add more mission for each type of the aircraft. The game is quite fun, I personally like the DFM, and enjoy different type of mission by using the helicopter, bomber, jet flighter etc. It is definitly more like an arcade than a flight simulator, people didn't like it properly because they expect the game should be more on the flight simulator side."
,Recommended,228400,9780099,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,WhitzFM,it is a fun game but it is hard to play and its the arrow keys to control it not wasd ha
76561197970783104,Not Recommended,228400,9781419,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,JohnnyMac,"Absolute garbage. I hope you like trailing the big bad for 15 goddamn minutes straight while they talk and your team yells out the same crap over and over. Oh, and in that time I put about 50 missles into his plane. No joke. Also, plane damage regens like call of duty health. They need to fire whatever team designed this mess and run them out of the business for good.I didn't even have time to complete the last mission as I could not stand the big bad's plot armor. Waste of money, waste of time, and a waste of the franchise. GJ idiots."
,Not Recommended,228400,9783399,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Upperguy,"This is the call of duty of air games, 275 missiles on a jet that regerates? Come on son."
,Recommended,228400,9783635,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MB Pain,Love this this game. Did not think I would like the new lock on feature but It's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,228400,439645,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Sweetz,"I wasn't expecting too much of Assault Horizon, but I was very pleasantly surprised. It shakes up the conventions of arcade jet shooters in ways I didn't expect - mostly for the good.  The dog fighting mode is brilliant; yes it briefly turns the game into a rail shooter, but these games have always just been about lining up a crosshair over a target with only the most fragile connection to actually piloting a plane.  In exchange for a superficial loss of freedom you get the coolest looking player controlled action sequences ever seen in any sort of flight game.The game has it's faults, the story isn't particularly engaging and the helicopter and gunship bits are more tedious than fun, but the jet missions that comprise the bulk of the game never ceased to be entertaining despite the inherent repetition.  Worth picking up if you want jet porn without any semblance of realism to make things more boring."
,Not Recommended,228400,9832804,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Soviet Canadian,"If you are looking for an Ace Combat game, or a flight combat simulator, turn back now. The introductory mission showed that this is simply an action game using aircraft. You do no have proper control of your craft, as it constantly attempts to level itself even while you are in mid-maneouver. There also is a 'Dog-fighting Mode' (DFM) where you go in the rails, being glued to the tail of the enemy craft, simply putting your reticule over the enemy and firing until they die.Now, I only stomached 27 minutes of gameplay, so maybe it gets better and you are given free movement, but when the game requires you to use DFM for half of the enemies in the first half hour, you can see where it's going."
76561198123475522,Recommended,228400,9866471,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,BronyBeatz,"It's a great game once you get used to the controls. At first it feels like you just press any random button and hope for the best, but once you get a feel for the controls they are exceptional, and the game play is amazing. Also the story line is amazing."
76561198094698980,Recommended,228400,9866791,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The Outsider Studios,"Pretty fun game from what I've played so far. I've played Ace Combat titles in the past, so it didn't take long to learn the controls and get the hang out it. I highly recomened you use a controller though, its more easier and funner than the keyboard controls."
,Recommended,228400,10203942,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sonata / Yuu,"What else do you have to do on a weekday night waiting for the unevitably better Ace Combat Infinity to release on PlayStation Network in full, glorius English? Oh. You want to buy this game.Well Ace Cobmat Assault Horizon is a very special game. You fly around in a plane that autopilots you towards your enemies while all you do is sit back, gun, and shoot missiles. This game basically wants you to enjoy the explosions happening around you and make you feel like some badass pilot, but in reality you're occasionally tilting your stick, holding down one button, and when you hear the right sound you want, press the other button.Let's get down to the meat. You're a pilot who's scared of dying or something so he pisses his pants everytime he's about to die, but also tries to stay badass. He doesn't know who the ♥♥♥♥ he is and you'll lose track of his internal conflict after the first mission because he barely talks about it again until the end of the game. Some Russian group is up to no good and you got to beat them up. So pick your plane out of the preset ""please use these planes because they don't break the mission"" list, then you're off. Oh wait, that's not every mission. Some missions require you to be in a helicopter that can take collisions into buildings and other missions make you be the machine gunner on the helicopter. That's cool but it's not Ace Combat.Ace Combat is about jerking off to people calling you the legendary beast or having some Spanish guitar in the background strumming a catchy chorus while you ejaculate over the screen to some female saying that she doesn't want to fight a war. In this game, you're Beef McTruckHam fighting for the greater American good with some heavy thrashing music in the background every other level.Levels get frustrating as you may get annoyed by the DFM system and end up not holding a button long enough to shoot something to death. Other times you get distracted by optional enemies during a sudden timelimit. This game gets frustrating and you'll probably only replay 3 or 4 missions.So should you buy this?Yeah, but don't treat it like an Ace Combat game. Treat it like you're playing Call of Duty in the skies, because that is what it'll ever be."
76561198066351756,Recommended,228400,6440005,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,adamthe25,Games for windows live sadly messes this up. I'm on a PC using Steam why The ♥♥♥♥ do I have to pay Xbox Live?sigh...
,Recommended,228400,10211332,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,slimjimmy916,9/10
,Not Recommended,228400,10211391,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,combatadam,"If youve played and liked any of the other ace combat games, DON'T buy this one it is NOT a credit to the franchise"
76561197971443627,Recommended,228400,9884174,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,KEEPwalking,"The graphics are good, except for ground textures, which are what you would expect from games of this genre – low-resolution and blurry. But there's a plenitude of 3D buildings, the jets and helicopters are well crafted, explosions look nice, and even characters don't look bad at all.Fighter jet gameplay is simple enough and shooting down enemies while in DFM (dog fight mode) is very satisfying. The only problem is that the HUD (heads-up display) can be a little intrusive, with too much information on screen. This can prove distracting at times, especially with the amount of dialog going on.Helicopters are absolutely dreadful to control, however. Luckily there are only a couple of helicopter missions in the campaign, and they're far between.As a side note, I might add that the game can be perfectly played with mouse and keyboard, but was clearly designed with a gamepad in mind.The story is utterly forgettable, but I reckon it is not the selling point of this game, so it can be safely ignored.The sound effects are decent. On the other hand, the soundtrack, while not bad per se, is very repetitive and does not go together well with the action.Lastly, multiplayer is fun, even if few people bother with it due to Games For Windows Live.Overall, a solid game.UPDATE: Since the writing of this review, Games For Windows Live has been patched out of the game."
,Recommended,228400,18328979,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jash,Nice arcade shooter with beutiful scenery i reccomend this games for people who like to play in dogfights with low learning curve.
76561198070045003,Not Recommended,228400,18350287,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Revan,"I went into this game expecting another great installment like Shattered Skies or The Unsung War, set in the universes they were in, with a great story and similiar flight mechanics. What I got was a game that felt like it had been ""CODified"" so to speak. The campaign in Ace Combat games has always had an anmazing story with great characters. This just felt like call of duty but with planes instead, using re-hashed cliches and ideas of having the russians be the bad guys and installing parts like the helicopter gunner which does not belong in this game. I hated it the more I played, very little that i did. The whole system of the close-range assualt system was just complete garbage. It adds no value to the game, just more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they pile on to give it a ""cinematic"" feel. The ""dramatic realistic storyline"" was another insult as well. Something that has been done time and again, its just a lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥story they cobbled together to try and have some sort of setting made with no effort for the game. All the intense moments in Shattered Skies and Unsung War were amazing, like when Nagase was in danger as her plane was going down, but then she ends up rescuing fellow soldiers and taking some enemies hostage right after ejecting like a hardass; or you are protecting a rocket that needs to deliver a ♥♥♥♥ing laser to a low orbit plane to give you an edge in the war, or when you have to shoot down that same plane when the enemy takes it. All of the banter between the pilots and command was really funny, dramatic, and had actual emotion to it. Unique, colorful, and masterpieces of missions and storytelling. This entire game is a stain and shameful mark upon the legacy and awe left by those earlier games, not fit to share the title of Ace Combat. If I could I would wipe this game from my library just so I dont have to look at such a pile of excrement. Do not buy this game if you have played the previous masterpieces. If your a COD fanboy who likes campaigns that only take a few hours to complete, and the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story cliches time and time again, this is right up your alley."
76561198020471227,Not Recommended,228400,18311077,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),"When the game started off by telling me to press the start button, I knew it was gonna be a rough ride. The planes fly themselves and it always wants you to use these garbage keybindings. Seriously, who uses the arrow keys to move?"
,Recommended,228400,18715175,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,xXBighouse45Xx,Meh...
76561198072575355,Not Recommended,228400,18174737,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,raysfan365,Bought this game because I loved the previous titles. Don't waste your time. The AI is stupid hard to shoot down if you don't use the dog fight mode which does the flying for you and takes all of the fun away. If you liked ace combat 4 and 5 youll hate this game.
,Recommended,228400,88734,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Hunkey,Buy gam adn raep Ruzzinas plox -Regards Huknye
,Not Recommended,228400,18273018,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Æthø,"At first when I saw this I though it would be somthing cool to play because my friend had Ace combate 4 shattered skies and we played for hours untill his PS2 started to stop making the game work correctly now I am a nintendo guy and when I think A game on the PS 1,2 or 3 it must be good like 007 nightfire any ways about a year later I saw it was 4 dollar so I said eh what the heck so I bout it and got my friend over to my house and when it was done at first I liked it,the tutorial was ok but then I got to a point where one of my allies said somthing I don't remember what it was but then NO ENEMYS COME so I was like WTF so nothing happend and me and me friend where confused so we deside it was a bug so we quit and try again I do everything then at the same time AGAIN WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ we get angry he leaves and I unistall it after I was running out of space so thats it I don't know if i'm missing something ,if my copy is cured or if im just a Dumbass so thats it thank you for reading my reveiw/rant goodbye"
,Not Recommended,228400,18263218,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DTS_4KGaming,"Well, I started playing ace combat 3 electrosphere ages ago.Being part of my childhood i searched for a decent follower of this game.And, this game failed hard.Super blurry and actionpacked scripts to annoy the player to death.Shaking and undefined camerashaking all the time.Half of the AI forces you to do unrealistic flight moves like dogfight and counter-attack.The music is so ♥♥♥♥♥ing like ""america thug yeah *pewpewpew*"" the game may become a meme itself.Stupid, Actionpacked ADH-Syndrome Game aiming at Call of Duty players to pay there bills."
,Recommended,228400,18088592,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dashie,"Being the only Ace Combat game available at the moment on the Steam Store, it is a great game overall. I am kinda glad they took a little break from their different timeline for a while. But I wish their would be more games for Next Gen Consoles, and Steam.Overall, this game has an amazing soundtrack, fitting graphics and great action!The only things I dont like about this certain game is that most of the scripted events are painfully obvious. Nobody plays the awesome multiplayer gamemodes either! Sadly. But i'd still set this game as one of my faves."
76561198120324354,Recommended,228400,18334663,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ruinman12,"Visuals: Looks great in 1080. Expoding planes are pretty sick.Audio: Great soundrack. Gunfire and explosions are sound good. Voice acting okay, repetitive sound bites from wingmen.Story: Cookie cutter COD likeness. Forgettable, but not bad. Campaign takes four to six hours, but thats pretty good for a flight sim.Controls: Great flying sim. Solid controls, many configuration options, realistic planes.Gameplay: Dogfighting is action-packed and very fast, but gets repetitive. Some are annoyingly scripted dogfights where you cannot shoot down the targets until certain points. Very cinematic moments are satisfying, though. Helicopter missions are not difficult and drag on. A few missions are on-rails as a heli or AC-130 gunner, kinda boring. The air-to-ground missions shine the most.Score: 7/10. It's not a bad game by any means, it's just not perfect either. Plus, I got it for $5 when it was on sale, definitly worth it."
76561198026969135,Recommended,228400,19053448,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,[Mastro Bicchieraio] Dreeea,"Ace Combat at its finest.This game inherits all the features that made the previous ace combat games great, and adds much more without losing its core gameplay, which is one of the keys of the series's success in my opinion.Now that I finished the campaign, I have to say that it has been a truly remarkable experience.I would recommend it especially to all Ace Combat fans."
76561198052036159,Recommended,228400,18973352,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,White_Lion,"Хорошая игра, на одном дыхании проходится, и всё)"
,Not Recommended,228400,17184052,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"This game sucks. Not because it isn't like the other Ace Combat games, but because it fails to do so many things adequately. The slow motion kill cam ruins your ability to do strafing runs when you're hitting ground targets. Certain game sequences just throw you in there without ever introducing the mechanic by which you're supposed to progress. The ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty bounces back and forth from being exceptionally easy to just plain infuriating. Friendly AI controlled pilots are utterly ♥♥♥♥ing worthless.I admit I rage quit from this game near the end.  Punched and broke my keyboard in the process :( It was just too infuriating. The game told me to ignore the enemy bomber's escorts, and then I would get targetted by EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING ESCORT without friendly AI planes doing anything to support me."
,Recommended,228400,17526603,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Hitora-chan,"It was free for a while: pretty good. Might be worth paying the 20 bucks, but does it have long term value? Not so sure."
76561198182304097,Recommended,228400,17529596,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,pattonguy1911,"Good time passed and fun... Have a few problems like when the camera zooms ins on enemys about to be destroyed I often  pass up enemys on ASF mode...Some times when I get in DFM with a enemy, another enemy gets me into DFM and after I do a countermove to get on his tail, another enemy gets on my tail and this can become a ciycle, wish there was a way to get out of DFM when Im on someones tail fastest cuz it takes like 5+ seconds to get off their tail when turning away so I pase up ground targets...Sometimes get rage at this game when that kind of stuff causes me to fail the mission"
76561197999510629,Recommended,228400,17587746,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,AlcaPong,"Dans le style de HAWX, oubliez la simulation, c'est un pur jeu d'arcade et de réflexe. On dégomme des chasseurs à tout va en faisant des looping dans tout les sens.La difficulté est très inégale, on avance assez facilement dans le niveaux dès le jeu pris en mains, la fin est très dure et j'ai plus l'impression d'avoir gagné par chance.Se joue à la manette uniquement."
76561198016943659,Recommended,228400,16755250,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,NateGeezy,"I only bought this game to play with a saitek x52 joystick and its the game I was looking for. Fast paced with a quick learning curve but still challenging. Only wish there were people playing multiplayer but the story has been entertaining. A must have for the Top Gun fans, just put on the soundtrack in the background."
,Recommended,228400,16759937,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cksmaster14,The only Ace Combat available for PC. I really liked this with chasing enemy fighters. I wish the others were also on PC.
,Recommended,228400,14586894,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Heartbreak1,"I made this comment cause ive played every ace combat game on console including this and the console veriison id give the same reviewif you are new to the series ignore this cause im just ranting  (its actually not as bad as im stating )if you have played on ace combat on ps2 this is not the samepros:graphics-music is decent-online is okay-decent plane customization razgriz,galm,mobius skins included in game-changeable speacialweapons-F-4 phantom (this plane was cut from non preorder console verisons)-the series fanbase:you will never meet a more devoted fanbase although they dont particalary like this installment (just mention razgriz or mobius)-good mechanics (excluding dfm asm and helicopters)cons:-cliche' story-no original fictional planes *that arent dlc-♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss mission (just youtube megalith and tell me it isnt better)-friendly AC-130 ABOVE!!!!!!! mission (competeing with cod part one)-no likable characters-controller is borderline needed-controls are♥♥♥♥♥-no ablitiy to change texture settings-dfm takes all skill out of dog fights-warwolf absolute worst callsign ever-AWACS Dumbass is useless chatter *correction* everyone who speaks is useless chatter-Online this is somthing that that shouldnt be on this list its iis a very good system of online..... that is ruined by the players by one simple plane .... the su-37 sukhoi this plane does exist iin reality however only two were ever made but in this game you'll eaisly see 10 of these unfair planes in a match i say unfair not because of its engine systems but because of its unfair ability too fire 6 missles at onceall in all not the worst game ever made it just does not live up to the name ace combat however after repaly this i will be changing my review to recommendon a side note : namco if your reading this we need another ace combat that lives up too the name"
76561198006352262,Recommended,228400,16561024,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,james_noodles,"As close to a Top Gun game as i have played and for that, i love it! Dogfights never get old and this is exhillarating stuff. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,228400,14137523,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Elosacle,"Having played Ace Combat 4 and 6, I can say that this was a bit of a letdown. It isn't abadgame by any stretch, but it  does some things that really take away from the experience.ForcedScripted airplane chases at point blank range that require you to stay as close to the enemy as possible kind of ruin the jet fighter combat dynamic for me. Often, I would unload enough missles into a TGT_LEAD to take out at least three other TGT's before it goes down. Other gripes include the difficulty in some of the controls (you willABSOLUTELYneed a controller/gamepad) and how the aircraft handles. I'll post more as it comes, but overall, this is a rather dissapointing game for ardent fans of the franchise. This feels more like an ""arcade"" entry as opposed to the more ""simulation"" that the previous entries felt."
,Not Recommended,228400,14137768,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tanooki,"This game is pretty awful.  I've got the 3DS game and while they may share a similar name and franchise, this PC game is terrible.  They throw up extremely cheap odds against you on each round, not so much a deal when you don't have a life bar, it's the FPS 'pressure' system to death.  The problem comes with this awful system of hitting L+R to get behind something otherwise you can't hit it except rarely so it's not dogfighting it's chase to an assist which gets tedious.  The deal breaker is that the enemy can get a lock on you and they make it very hard to break the lock, and with a missile in the air, the chaff they give you must be confetti as it sure doesn't stop anything from doing damage, EVER.  Making things worse, you don't have good flight controls so you really can't steer properly so you often end up doing odd flat spins or just not being able to turn how you want to evade or keep on something (outside of assist.)  It's a hot mess, and I'm mad, but I'd be furious if I didn't pay more than a buck or two over the holiday for it when it came up as it's trash.  Namco, you suck, fix your franchise because if this is the future count me out."
76561198025260716,Recommended,228400,13533902,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jvilares,"Funny, easy to play, enjoyable... The only flaw I see is that the story could be improved."
,Not Recommended,228400,7420182,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Almighty Sploosh,not really worth how much its listed as.  glad i bought it on sale or id be angry
76561198078022970,Not Recommended,228400,13570224,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ZeroFun o7o7o7,"Nothing like the previous ace combats which i loved. DFM ruins everything, story mode is boring, NO character development and conversations between units is also boring. Helicopter/bombing missions are boring as hell also.Wait till the nex ace combat or get this on sale. The only good thing about this game is that there are no micro transactions."
,Not Recommended,228400,13591886,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[GBalrz] PlaneStewart,"I really want to like this game.I can't recommend it though because I can't get the controls to work.Once you do get them working it is a blast but it doesn't save them, so when you exit the game and come back in you have to reset all of the controls.I use a Logitech Extreme 3D Pro joystick so its not like its an unusual setup.I had to stop playing when I got to the apache because I couldn't get the controls to work at all."
76561198024905981,Not Recommended,228400,13578721,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,おにぎり,"I played this game expecting to be blown away.Having played the ACE Series for quite sometime (from AC2, AC3: Electrosphere, AC4, AC5, ACZero), I wanted more of the same engaging storyline and dramatic dog fight battles. What I got was a completely different game, hampered by strange helicopter battles, a heavily Pro-America storyline, and a ""dog-fight mode"" (a mode which forces you to shoot down your enemy on a computer-controlled path). I tried my best to like this game, since it is part of the Ace Combat Series, but could not get myself to play it longer than 2 hours.2 out of 5 stars in my book."
76561198118114092,Not Recommended,228400,16837287,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,RangerOps,Controls are not useable in Windows to work with any controllers or with keypads.  This is nothing like the old Ace fighter products.  do a search on this topic and you will quickly learn how poorly this product was built for users.
,Not Recommended,228400,18008650,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sire Admin Cuthbert the Great,"The game is amazing fun, until you get to the final boss fight. I've been playing for 20 hours, and I'd say at least 5 of them have been on the same fight. The learning curve is a ♥♥♥♥ing wall, you walk over the first part of the game and then the boss fight is, when compared to the skill needed to beat the rest of the game, unbeatable. I've used a joystick, mouse and keyboard, and am close to giving up, the first 15 hours don't prepare you-at all. Unless you've got the bother to smash your head against the same wall for hours on end, avoid this like cancer."
76561198046857426,Recommended,228400,18045327,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,(DADDI)jmannamj1,"It should be noted that this recommendation is based on a measure of this game on its own. As an Ace Combat game I would not recommend it very much as it is certainly a change of pace. So if you have been a diehard fan of the series so far, you should stop reading this right now and not buy the game. If, however, you have not played any of the other games or, like me, you may not be as tightly bound to the series as those who have been playing these games since the first, I think it might be worth a try. I loved 5 with all my heart and soul, easily my favorite game of all time. That said, I enjoy this game as well because I find the Dogfighting and Airstrike QTE things actually pretty fun, if somewhat repetitive. The story doesn't hold up as well as in other games, but I find it a bit more compelling than some of the more recent ones (looking at you Fires of Liberation). All in all, it’s an alright game, but it is not for everyone, so if you're the kind of person to lament over money wasted on games you didn't like, might want to stay away from this one or at least wait for a sale."
76561197988077759,Recommended,228400,18065400,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,danny_maland,"In this game, the Ace Combat team tries some new things...and they don't quite get it right.It's still a decent title, though.As always, the general production values are top-shelf, but that's not the main thing. No, the main thing is that they had the guts to try changing up their formula. I have to give Namco credit for that. You can see the seeds of something cool in the DFM/ ASM modes, and how they shake up the usual ""Ace Combat"" gameplay loop.With anything new, though, there's a danger of a lack of deep polish and a loss of connection to what made the rest of the series great. This is exactly the hole that ""Assault Horizon"" falls into.""Ace Combat"" has always (or, at least in my limited experience) been about flying, as opposed to gimmicks. It's not a strict sim, of course, but it's still about stick and throttle work as you find your own groove. The response of the planes was predictable pretty much all the time, and the difficulty curve was based on steadily adding challenge to the basic mechanics. The whole game, in fact, was about the core mechanics. Sure, there were scripted events in other series entries, but it was obvious when the scripting was going on. You just didn't have control of the plane anymore. A cutscene was a cutscene, and the game was the game.""Assault Horizon,"" on the other hand, tries to take a ""modern shooter"" route with an arcade flight sim, which means that scripting gets mixed up with actual control. What this does is - especially in the early game - badly, BADLY subvert the basic mechanics. What should be a predictable air-combat situation with a predictable solution is suddenly turned into a  shakycam theme-park ride where you sort of have control, and sort of don't. A MiG 21, say, suddenly gains superhuman dogfighting ability to lead you on a chase through structures or terrain, and it can't be shot down until a predetermined time. Hit it with guns and missiles all you want...that cool animation's just got to play, so no kill until then!The point is that the game stops honoring the basic mechanics, but you expect them to continue to be in force. This can be downright infuriating at first, and turns certain battles into mere experiences of surviving until your opponent finally gets the ""can be shot down"" flag enabled. (They've got to get those dramatic lines spoken, you know.)Another problem with both DFM and the default flight control mode is that your command of the aircraft is undermined. As mentioned, In DFM, the plane sort of maneuvers for you, and sort of doesn't. This makes you feel like you're fighting the aircraft for control. In the standard flight mode, you have limited banking abilities, which makes maneuvering on an enemy much harder. Again, you feel like you're engaged in a battle of wills with your own machine. (Thankfully, you can switch over to the original control style, which lets you do proper Immelman turns and split-s moves to your heart's content.)There are other issues too. The helicopter missions are a mixed bag, with some interesting bits and some parts that are plainly filler. The game also suffers from early-game missions that are both too long and have too much space between checkpoints. As the game opens and you're getting used to things, you're going to be a bit unsteady. The vast distances between the points where you can pick things back up after a fight goes bad are unnecessarily punishing. It's a surprisingly bad bit of overall design from a team that seemed to get it so right in the past.But, like I said, it's actually a good game. I played all the way through it, and then some. It has enough of the classic feel to be recognizable as ""Ace Combat,"" and you can see that the new elements could be grown into something brilliant (If the developers keep iterating)."
76561198026298003,Recommended,228400,18052472,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,LamerACM,"It is a good game, a little short compared to the the priveous games but fun."
,Recommended,228400,3298212,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Helcyon,"If you want fast-paced action with almost lifelike graphics then you should give this game a shot. In addition, there are lots of planes to choose from during missions, and you even get to controller Black Hawk helicopters, AC-130, stealth bomber, and more :)"
,Recommended,228400,17468128,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,greyghostvol1,"If you're an Ace Combat fan and have somehow lost possession of every single last gen console you had, and now only possess a slightly decent gaming PC, this is basically your only way to legitimately play some Ace Combat (though there are more, potentially nefarious, ways to get you some AC action on your PC, and I'd highly recommend those means instead). So this game gets a recommendation simply on that factor alone.Heck, it's still, even if just slightly, better than the Hawx games. For experienced Ace Combat fans that have somehow overlooked this game, here's the two biggest changes that have essentially gotten this game to be seen as one of the least liked Ace Combat games. Period. Even compared to the DS release. Here they are:1. DFM (Dogfight Mode). This mode is more or less a cinematic close range battle between aircraft. You either press the C key on the keyboard, or two shoulder buttons on a controller (default settings) when you close in on an aircraft (except helicopters, and the range is around 2.5k feet if I remember) and you'll enter this mode.While an interesting feature, the biggest problem going for it is the fact that it's forced on you, and it just smells of gimmick. It's forced in that this mode is your only way of taking down ace pilots. I'll say that again, this is YOUR ONLY WAY of taking down ace pilots. On normal, you might be able to get lucky and take down certain weaker TGR_Leaders, but on higher difficulty this is almost impossible. And some of the harder enemies give you absolutely no chance of defeating them unless you use DFM. It's gimmicky because....well, same reasons, really.2. The helicopter missions. Yes, this Ace Combat game lets you use helicopters. No, this isn't a good thing. The controls of the helicopters are clunky (get ready to use and abuse the autoaim feature), you're basically a sitting duck (slow moving, and everyone has you as their target...oh and the missile dodging animation of the 'choper is out right hilariously stupid) and the levels are, in essence, boring. This is just a poor execution, as I do think that helicopters can play a good role in an Ace Combat title, if done right. The helicopter missions almost single-handedly would have destroyed this game. The only saving grace against this is the rarity of the missions themselves. Power through them, get on to the much better jet missions.Other than these two MAJOR problems with the game (from a pure entertainment standard, as I've had no technical problems such as glitches or bugs), this is an overall decent arcadey flight game. And your only option for an Ace Comabt game if you only own a PC."
,Recommended,228400,17704223,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Flicksie,"Aside the On-Rails DFM mode... the game is actually great.A quite decent debut for the PC.Soundtrack is incredibleStoryline is okay, but all the Russia x USA thing is kinda tryhard for me.Controls feels very very smoothReplay Mode kicks♥♥♥♥♥And that Trinity mega bomb is simply hilarious, much more on Multiplayer."
76561198242969696,Not Recommended,228400,17666665,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Bougous Commando,"Aces of the Pacific is a higher simulation program, Which is strange because it was relased in 1992. The only reason you should buy this program is if you have a child that like 9 or something. In which case, Ace of the Pacific is still better."
76561197977523866,Not Recommended,228400,17612420,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,EndCredits,Total rubbish game. The Dog Figh Mode (DFM) is like the worst on the rails shooter you could imagine and you have to use the DFM to play the game. In fact some enemys are invulnerable unless you use DFM. Totaly un fun game.
,Recommended,228400,17614074,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Gyrboa,Pros:- Good graphics/detail on planes.- In your face action.- Amazing soundtrack.Cons:- Poor execution of DFM/ASM.- Overly scripted.- Bad multiplayer experience.
,Not Recommended,228400,17517004,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Blouc,"I bought this game because I loved Ace Combat 5 and Zero--replayed several times, loved. I almost destroyed my controller in rage with this game. Complaints:* Bugs and lag that make you fly into the ground when they let up* Dogfighting mode segments that add enemies* Odd minigame-ish modes for ground assaults and dogfighting* Controls for gamepad that mean either certain things are too easy to hit accidentally or you can't actually satisfy key combinations you neeed to press* Complete absence of a meangful sense of progress, planes unlock when they unlock* Truly incompetitent AI wingmen, you'll ""keep them off me""? Is that why I have four missiles in my back right now?* Randomly shoving the player behind a minigunSo I have a list. I did not like this game. It made me angry with how cheap the gameplay felt."
,Recommended,228400,11488076,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Vimtu,Good Game! really enjoyed! the story is jus another CoD MW lore... but the gameplay is CRAZY GOOD :D
76561198068209532,Recommended,228400,11489019,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Meatball Sub,Is a nice addition to the seires. Thoroughly enjoyed it! If you like plane games this is for you.
,Not Recommended,228400,9770836,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[NLD]Ian,For me too hard and you have to change the keys everytime you start the game...
76561198079169593,Recommended,228400,11425985,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Podsi,"I never noticed this game even existed until the free weekend on Steam. Guys! The game is huge (Like 12 GB). But I think it is worth installing and buying! I tried, I liked, I bought it and it is on sale! Perfect!This game is hard as hell (no kidding, I wish I had started playing on easy mode) but it's so funny. Non stop action, you stay tuned praying the next checkpoint comes ASAP. Great graphics, running on very low PC specs. Playing on keyboard, getting accustomed to the dogfights! I recommend this game. 8/10. Buy it!"
,Recommended,228400,11426192,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Barlomen,"There are no words..... Only facial expressions, heart pounding, adrenaline pumping, hand covering the mouth in shock and awe.."
,Not Recommended,228400,11427152,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Virtual Insanity,"The challenge for any game like this is finding the ballance between sim and arcade.This game is 110% arcade and 0% sim.Does not suit me personaly, but might suit those who are chasing an arcade experience.The first person parts are heavily scripted, to the point where all you can do is turn your head (using the keyboard and not mouse!), there is no freedom to walk at all."
76561198044872502,Recommended,228400,11427411,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,weicool,"It is really not about air to air combat, more of showing off the DFM. I say Namco need to dial back the DFM and reserve it only for the best Aces in the game and keep the old fighting mode for regular AIs. Because DFM lost its ""Special-ness"" when you do it with every sigle encounter."
76561197993327866,Not Recommended,228400,11427851,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,BobDole776,"The game is bad. For long time veterans of the ace combat series this game is a complete joke. Even when you enable classic controls planes are literally invisible and have infinite flares till you enable ""dog fight"" mode. I bought this game back in 2011 for ps3 when it was new and couldn't even get passed a ship bombing mission due to how bad this game plays, and now again on PC it still plays horrible. Back with AC4 and 5 you used to beable to even fight against the best of the elite enemies in the game even if you were told to run, cause they would actually take damage when you hit them with a missle. Enemies in this game feel so damn fake; infinite flares, infinite life. Even if you manage to get a missile hit between their flair spam it doesn't matter, cant kill them until you start ""dog fight"" mode and enter into some BS scripted crap. This game is bad, just avoid it. Glad I only wasted 5 bucks on this crap, games not even worth that much.I've been hearing good things about the EU only F2P ace combat game out. Lets hope it's better than this call of duty fanbase pandering crap."
,Not Recommended,228400,11428292,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,xJohnWolf,This is not a flight sim. This is a wanna-be game is plays more like arcade trash than anything even resembling a flight sim. I would definitely not recommend this game to anyone that enjoys flight sims. Not at all.
,Recommended,228400,11428970,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LordShade,"The physics for this game are completely wacked out for helicopters, planes are pretty fun, haven't tried ground or the AC-130 yetstill this game is pretty fun, and it has co-op, awesome!"
,Not Recommended,228400,11429313,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Umbra Caesaris,"Ignoring its title and separating it from the previous Ace Combat games does little to save it from its own faults. Ace Combat: Assault Horizon takes a step back from the interesting, if not corny world of Strangereal, and plays the Russian/American conflict card. This tired formulaic story is complemented by a downgrade in gameplay. Dogfighting is made simple, and boring, with the introduction of a near-rail-shooter experience that removes the freedom from flight and negates the need for skillful airmanship. It would be acceptable to have a “boss” flight lead require this mechanic, but every flight lead requires that you lock into dogfight mode; even if you land missiles on target, the game ignores the hits and will not progress until you put on your training wheels and go for the ride. The game does include a new diversity of aircraft with the introduction of helicopters and bombers, which if properly executed would nearly save the game, but bomber runs are not particularly fun and the helicopter sections are tedious and awkward. Overall, the game looks great graphically (although the graphical settings are sparse) and gives you a decently realistic flight simulation, but its glaring flaws make it just an okay experience. Personally, I would award 3/5 stars to this game and would recommend picking it up only if it happens to be on sale."
76561198004829076,Recommended,228400,11429502,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,jj502jj,"firstly, this is not a flight sim...those flyers will be sorely dissapointed at this game...this is an arcade flight action game for players that are unskilled flyers....I describe it as a hybrid between a movie and flight sim...for non-flight sim fans this should be a fun game...it is easy to learn and difficult to crash, also  with lots of action and explosions in cinematic shots"
,Recommended,228400,11429892,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Doge Dandy,"Pretty fun, difficult in the begining but towerds the end you will feel like a true ace! 5/10"
,Recommended,228400,11409675,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bobmang,"I like the game, Had it for the xbox for a bit. Saw it on sale and figured ""why not?"". Plays okay, A little choppy. Some more preformance options would be nice aside from resolution and V SyncOverall, if your computer can run it, I'd reccomend getting it."
,Not Recommended,228400,11410019,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Dettweiler,"Ace Combat: Call of Duty edition. If you enjoy previous AC games, you will not enjoy this one. If you love HAWX, you *might* like this game."
,Recommended,228400,11410565,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nuttymango9,it is the most fun i have had since i played 6 on my xbox
76561197999860487,Recommended,228400,11411772,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Jorge,"good game, decent story but fun nonetheless, controls are a lil tricky and need a lil time getting used to but still  good game."
76561198001933196,Recommended,228400,11412152,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,rinkydinkpink,"Own this on the XBox, the PC version seems fuller, more controlable, brilliant detail. I'm just blown away by this game (frequently, into many small fragments).As for the price £2.49, Girrin you Steam guys. Nice one Dudes and Dudettes.Now, where did my head land when the missile took me out?TALLY HO !!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,228400,11412766,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,{BlrgBot} ViPERPHiSH,"The controls are very far from a sim (of course, it's an AC game)... Story-wise it's pretty different than most of the other Ace games (weaker).However, if you like semi-frequent quick time events which result in cool explosions involving multi-ton flying war machines bleeding oil and engulfed in flame, and have a couple hours to kill, then this is the game for you :p(See also: Strike Suit Zero)"
,Recommended,228400,11414141,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,UnicornDelight,PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP...PULL UP.It's okay.
,Not Recommended,228400,11009894,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lord Kaio,"I wish there was an in-between rating besides Yes and No for recommendations.  The game has an interesting story, beautiful graphics and a good variety of mission types, but the controls aren't as tight as I'd expect, it gets repetitive quickly and simply gets boring the more you play.  If you can get it really cheap, pick it up for a (brief) good time, but unless you're a huge fan, don't buy it at full price."
,Recommended,228400,11460723,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Bog Pill,"This game is so much fun you can fly all sorts of jets, attack helis, bombers, ac-130 gunship.... so satisfying flying around shooting everything down 10/10 dude this game rules"
,Recommended,228400,11431105,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,нellвoy,Good for people who love Fighter plans... the controls are not as good as HAWX.. but still you can enjoy the game..worth $4.99
,Recommended,228400,11431162,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Alcobia.80.PT,"Positive+Fun game, full of action.+Great graphics.Negative-Few graphic tweaking.-Need good rig to run this."
,Recommended,228400,11431670,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,tantongreasby,Awesome Game!!
76561198023783826,Recommended,228400,11432300,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,.:Oberst57:.,Its a good game I wished that you could go inside the cockpit and fly it that way
,Recommended,228400,11432897,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,outermostjeff,Sick game! :D
76561198137225013,Recommended,228400,11434134,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,angryelephant236,"This is a spectacular game, compleatly worth it's price! ACE COMBAT ASSAULT HORIZON has fast, non-stop action, good grafics, a well writen storyline, and many aircradt! Each jet, helicopter, bomber, handles quite differantly than eachother, it is clear alot of effort went into this game. I got a full 18 hours out of playing the campaign alone! This game is a clear 10/10!"
,Recommended,228400,11436341,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Philippe Heroux,Awesome game!!! I don't know what people are complaining about? Best arcade flight sim I ever played.
,Recommended,228400,11436928,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,netmediasurfer,"Purchased this for PS3 and now for the PC. Although the game is a bit different from previous versions it's still fun and challenging to play! Want to make it more immersive ? Throw on some top gun music like ""Danger Zone and ""Mighty Wings"" while using a Logitech Rumble Pad 2 controller! : )Learn to counter maneuver and you won't become as frustrated when you are being chased down by enemy squadron fighters.  The game is well polished and has plenty of replay value. You got tons of air craft options to choose from and you get to experience air to air combat, air to ground combat in various styles which include cool cinematics.I understand it's not the same Ace Combat we all loved back when the PS2 version was released but this is still a fun game to play. Just learn the controls to avoid frustration! Once you get the hang of it you will enjoy it so much more.  The game looks incredible graphically at 1280x720 resolution.Give it a shot!"
76561198097602722,Recommended,228400,11437383,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Deminok,It's not a flight simulation game. It's half flight half arcadish. Get that in your head and it's FUN AS HELL!!!!
,Recommended,228400,11437639,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,marshel,Muito Legal e de Ação Rápida. Algumas Cenas cinematics no meio.
76561197965201258,Recommended,228400,11456085,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bloodborne,"Got it on sale for $5. Worth every penny.The graphics are really nice, nothing to boast about but good PS3 quality textures and models. the explosion effects are the most realistic I've seen in a game.Game is really easy to play, this is no flight sim. However, keeps the action going. Story is very generic but who is really paying attention to it anyways.I would pay $20 for the game at full price, but the sale price of $5 is a steal for any fighter jet lovers."
76561198099165617,Recommended,228400,11456551,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[BnB]TheDon2222,This game is the best!!! The planes look Awesome and the graphics are amazing!!! 10/10 in my book!! :)
,Recommended,228400,11446556,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,TheLegoMan2276,"I havnt played much, but what i have played its absolutely amazing! Graphics are amazing! and gameplay even better! i highly suggest it!9/10"
,Recommended,228400,11450026,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Sharpie,"Don't understand why this Ace Combat got so much flak, I thought it was a really good Ace Combat, compared to others like Ace Combat X, simply firing your missiles until something crashes out of the sky.. at least this one has DFM..."
,Recommended,228400,11451269,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bluera1028,"Great graphics but reminds me of that old F-14 Tomcat arcade game. Lock ons are extremely hard and once you get a lock on there isn't enough time for the missile to react and as a result,  missile fails to connect 9-10 times.  Had better luck with guns. Would also be nice to have alternate views of plane. Ok for 4.99 but would not pay anything more for this."
,Recommended,228400,11448395,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Fox234,"Good, but the game could have been better. Heli and AC-130 missions are a huge pain because objectives are usually timed, enemies have no reticules, and guns have limited zoom (AC-130). Also the AI engages dogfighting near constantly. This leads to a lot of instances where you're trying to chase a mission critical target while the AI is constantly engaging in dogfight mode and lobbing endless missiles.I also don't know how ""realistic"" I'd call the story. Outside of the fact the main characters are as bland as Elmer's glue, the magic mcguffin weapon is a nuke in all but name. The story reminds me heavily of CoD:MW's story. If you've played any of the MW games then you'll be able to predict where the story is going. Hell, I called the first plot twist during the first cutscene. In fact the whole game reminds me of a CoD game. Heavily scripted in an attempt to shove you into the best pov to see the explosions. It even has bloody screen so real, and regenerating health.AC:AH removes the previous AC system of buying planes and instead gives you a whole choice of planes........that the game decides is appropriate for the mission. The problems with that is it removes the feeling of accomplishment from buying your favorite plane, and the game rarely tells you what mission you're preparing for, and what enemies you'll be facing. So be prepared for missions you go into blind, and end up taking the wrong missiles/bombs.Lastly the missions can be very frustrating, and take vast amounts of luck instead of skill. The mission over Moscow is a prime example of this. In the last section you have to shoot down a plane carrying the magic mcguffin. Problem with this is the game throws in 4 escorts and a boss that all home in on you the moment you enter the same continent. So you have to chase a bomber on a very small timer while 5 guys try to shove perfect accuracy missiles up your nose. I failed that mission so many times because despite any maneuvers I pulled I would have 6 missiles slam into me. I finally beat it because the AI bugged out. The fighters didn't chase me, and the bomber didn't launch it's never ending chaff supply, so missles actually managed to hit it. This is just 1 example out of a dozen. The next best one was the ICBM that could evade advanced A2A missiles, and had to be shot down in mere seconds.If you just want to flight around and blow things up then this is your game. If your expecting Ace Combat then you'll be disappointed. It's fun, but it isn't an Ace Combat game. It's a shame we'll probably never see a true Ace Combat game on PC. I'd love a reason to break out my old flight stick. maybe add some modding tools for skins, and maps."
,Recommended,228400,11439364,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,=phanasao= (ﾉ^∇^)ﾉﾟ,"Great game! I used to think that no game could beat Tom Clancy's HAWK, but this game makes me think different.The game graphic is old for now, but the action is still cool and the game play is pretty good. The campaigne story is quite good enough, get hard boss, Markop to beat. Yeah, I know he was ♥♥♥♥ing cheat to have unlimited health until I use all of my 4xAAMM to kick his♥♥♥♥♥out the plane.One more thing is that the anime style painting for the jets, especially the F-22 Lightning is♥♥♥♥♥♥=)) but I used it to finish the game.6 for the graphic9 for the gameplay8 for overall"
,Recommended,228400,11439484,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Miku ♪,"I recommend this game, those peaple, who love aircrafts and very dynamic battles. Very exciting story will waiting for you,10\10"
,Not Recommended,228400,11439865,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[VF83]Shinjitama,"ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE Controls... anyone who does flight sim of any kind I recommend fully avoiding this as it is designed for a ****ing console gamepad, companies need to keep their console ports off damn PC thats for sure"
76561198052721876,Recommended,228400,11440105,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,YaWannaTouchIt,The thing i liked the most was the jet combat and the helicopter gunner combat but i didnt like the mouse sensitivity and i think that it should be a little more customizable but otherwise i would recommend this to everyone i know! :D
,Not Recommended,228400,11440136,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,AEgisFishCone,"This game is horrible. Any fans of the Ace Combat series should completely ignore this game, as it feels like an insult to play. ""Dogfight mode"" is a mode that the player is forced to use. It flies the plane for you and all you have to do is push a button to fire a missile.This game is the worst thing to ever happen to Ace Combat."
76561198102877560,Recommended,228400,11441469,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ASH,This is an awesome game for people who want to have fun shooting planes and stuff and not really fly. its not a flying simulator people its a shooter!
,Recommended,228400,11441931,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,NEET supreme™ 2003,Its totally awesome I must say.I myself have never played any of the other Ace Combat games but I can tell you that this game is very fun.you should buy this game if:you like explotionsyou like flying fastyou like to feel very professional while pressing many buttonsyou enjoy locking on to enemies and blowing them out of the sky with a large variety of deadly missiles and machine gun fire
76561197976007684,Recommended,228400,11442144,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,RSX-X108,Hell YEAHHH!
76561198083563855,Recommended,228400,11442346,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,GrimJet - Ace,I'm glad I only paid 4.99 for it....
76561197970503837,Not Recommended,228400,12228437,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Swankyhank,Simply the worst controls for a flight sim ever.
,Recommended,228400,2071386,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,I'd tap IQ,"I'm a diehard Ace Combat fan and this game seriously has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard. The story line is pretty good, although it's not too original (The main Idea of it I guess). It is also pretty lengthy in my opinion. They find a lot of ways to keep it interesting also! I would reccomend this to any of my friends."
76561198030240076,Recommended,228400,3985188,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Azure1Zero4,Best jet fighting games since hawk X
76561198074559605,Recommended,228400,12619504,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,premium_blendz,"this is an objective military game with plenty of explosions and high speed dogfights. however, be aware this is not by any means a realistic flying simulator. the helicopter missions dragged on and the story is garbage. but blowing up stuff in the sky whilst moving at above sonic speeds is a good thing."
,Recommended,228400,12931643,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Imuki Sam,Good game
76561198039951305,Recommended,228400,12942856,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Agent_Dark_Booty,"I have always been a huge fan of flight sims and actually bought this game twice. First for PS3 because I was so excited to play it, and once again so I could play it on PC with my flight stick. The controls are easy to configure.They did a fantastic job and capturing dog fighting chaos and making it playable. It is relentlessly fast paced and just a lot of fun to play. I wish I could get an Oculus Rift and integrate it into this game. I think I would probably get motion sickness or seizures, but it would be worth it."
76561197962347853,Not Recommended,228400,12946034,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,El Blanco,"Virtually unplayable trash, had to call microsoft to bearly get it working and it took them 6 hours to sort out the CD key issue. Once playing the game was lackluster at best, should never have crossed over from the console."
76561198036138909,Recommended,228400,7557445,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Дотарождённый,"Чуваки, покупайте, игра стоит своих 400 рублей"
,Recommended,228400,12848232,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,WorthyIsReal,"What is up with all the negative reviews?  In m y opinion its a fantasticly well made game with  badass feeling gameplay.  You arent the ACE, you become the ACE!  Tu pezzas de♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,228400,12857874,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sniejok,"terrible game, it is not interesting gameplay, game 2 min 5 min scripted movies, absolutely no different than a typical corridor shooter where you drive by the handle. Too bad the money spent"
76561198018521777,Recommended,228400,11704825,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,gerrit1919,"Great game filled with adrenaline-pumped action, fast paced combat and a good storyline."
,Not Recommended,228400,11758197,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LarvitarBoy,"Literally, an awful attempt at making Ace Combat into something realistic when the entirity of the series has been nothing but unrealistic. The story is quite boring and forgettable. The superweapon of the game is just a nuke with a different name. The helicopter and turret sections drag on for way too long. All that I can say that is positive of this game is the huge line-up of planes. Would not recommend to anyone wanting to try an Ace Combat game."
,Recommended,228400,11761428,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Яonin,it's the War Thunder of the modern day in aviation
76561198071393090,Recommended,228400,11921233,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Onion Kung,"pretty cool game, but can be quite boring after a few missions"
,Recommended,228400,11667091,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ez,It's a good game.This Simulation has a good planes funny skins and something else.I also played others Ace Combat like Ace Combat Joint Assault and Skies of Deception.This game has good quality and has more 3D buildings than other Ace Combats.The Jet propulsions is like real and its a good game.
,Not Recommended,228400,11675639,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Centrophy,"Ace Combat - Call of Duty Edition. Boring super weapon (bombs), based on real earth instead of Strangereal. Boring planes. Multiple perspectives. Unkillable enemies until certain time. No enemy radio chatter freaking out about your skill. Avoid if not less than 5 bucks and you're really hankering for some flying action, or if you're a multiplayer ♥♥♥♥♥ since this game has one of those modes. I can't judge that though since I never touch multiplayer modes."
76561198051372395,Not Recommended,228400,11093352,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,cheesedude66,"I did't really get into this game. The last Ace Combat I played was 04: Shattered Skies on PS2. That game was fantastic, and I was thinking that this one would be similar. But, sadly, I was wrong. The Dog Fight mechanic in this game turns what should be adrenaline-pumping, fast-paced flying action into simple point-and-click gameplay. Simply engage Dog Fight mode, and your plane does almost all the flying for you. Just lock onto an enemy with your rockets or machine gun and let loose. I got an achievement where you fly below a falling chimney, and didn't even realize I did it because the Dog Fight mode did all the flying for me. What's worse is that there are some enemies that can only be shot down this way. And what's EVEN worse is that the story can only be advanced with dog fighting in some instances. I normally don't give a game a bad review based solely on one flaw of the game, but this flaw is so ridiculously massive and constant that it just stopped me from enjoying the game. It's got great graphics, though."
76561198026079146,Not Recommended,228400,11078323,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Pesticide,fail
,Not Recommended,228400,11090031,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,RomanticWolf,"terrible, very unlike all other ace combats, the auto pilot dog fighting is a waste and the power of your PC is very under used"
76561198003827281,Not Recommended,228400,11209880,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,smartcircle,"I can say that this game is not as good as any of the other Ace Combat games. The dogfight mode mechanic really dumbs down the gameplay, and all the game turns into is you going behind one plane after another, going into dogfight mode, pressing the missile buttons a couple times, and then repeating that. It is basically manueverng your plane from one quick-time even to the next. What is worse is that the soundtrack does not at all compare to any of the other games. I recommend getting a Playstation and buying one of the other Ace Combats instead of spending money on this one."
76561198055962277,Not Recommended,228400,11917699,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TyTheTieTyer,"Wow... Just wow... I LOVE ace combat games, have ever since 4. This! this I will not qualify as an ace combat game.THE STORYis horrible. Oh lordy is it bad. The acting is so bulls**ted  together. The actual storyling, ""russian rebels betray america"" is so horribly forced with no implimentation of foreshadowing that it makes me feel ashamed if any person thinks this is ""how americans feel about the world."" You can pick out good guy bad guy from the moment you see people, your teammates make the worst jokes if not the most offensive jokes ever. I actually had to laugh because the attempt at comedy was so bad.THE HELICOPTORSThis... addition to the game should have just been handed off to infinity ward where it belongs. With such large maps, the close up on horrible streached out landscape is vomit worthy, The controls are backwards as all hell.THE AIR COMBAT SIMULATIONthey got rid of my scifi planes, and replaced them with stat based air rocks that spit in the face of the joy I recieved in prevous installments. All that twirling around and airial freedom is locked even harder by the dog fight mode. A rather bothersome requirment for some opponents, ripping the controls out of your hands and dragging your laggy♥♥♥♥♥around space like a rag doll while you play ""get the birdy in the circle""Its just not fun. and it saddens me that I don't have the proper console to play infinity as when I went online searching for some airial compatriots to save me from this hell, I was greeted with emptyness as nobody is on any of the servers at any time in the day. Just go get a different game kids. Don't even waste your money if its 99 cents unless you wanna do a youtube joke vid for a lets play."
,Not Recommended,228400,9969767,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,mr highkey guy,"Does nto even work, I have been trying for weeks now, sent in multiple tickets to no avail. Support is rubbish. The game looks great but unplayable at this stage.0/10"
76561197998890284,Recommended,228400,11948389,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,carguy,great game
76561198091638542,Recommended,228400,7939325,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hotdog dummkopf,"probably one of my favourite Ace combat games of all time, with great fitting soundtracks and incredible details on the aircraft themselves, this game has kept me playing it since I got it."
,Not Recommended,228400,1724940,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,The Cream Of The Crop,"Don't buy this game. I know this is a recommendation, and I am recommending you to not buy this worthless pile. Previous Ace Combat games are far superior; the storyline is worthless and in-game voice acting is full of nonsensical military jargon, the graphics are outdated, the actual combat is entirely unrealistic and reduced to hand-holding quick time events (if you refuse, enemy planes ford off your missiles with unlimited flares). In short, don't buy this game; go buy HAWX or a previous Ace Combat game. They're more worth your time."
76561198042724104,Not Recommended,228400,7717364,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Evilzin,"Maybe they've done one of the WORST ace Combat ever for ONE reason.They turn the DOGFIGHTS into some SEMI-AUTOMATIC♥♥♥♥♥♥ where you need to press some buttons to enter into an battlemode (dogfightmode) and then your plane enter into an semi-auto guide mode (yes, IT TURNS AUTOMATICALLY while following the enemy!) without you even touch a button.I tried to find some option to DISABLE It but its IMPOSSIBLE.The Old Games of this franchise are Real good. IMHO, Ace Combat 3 (japanese ver) is The Best. I Also have a PS2 with the others ace combat games."
,Recommended,228400,12505912,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,AdamClmns,"With a Controller in ""Optimal"" control mode, it plays like an awesome arcade flight game. Very intense action, and a quite varried set of quick-time kills and manuvers. Each plane handles differently, and each weapon behaves differently. The multiplayer is non-existent, but the campaign was awesome. I'm going to play it through a few more times on a higher difficulty.With a controller in ""Classic"" control mode, it's a blood-pumping combat sim. I haven't tried a joystick yet, but I imagine it will still play quite well. Some of the dogfights are are still arcady, but I don't think you'd be able to take on some of the enemies without it."
76561197992353914,Recommended,228400,1375129,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,DragoDrag,"На рекламу и трейлеры игры не особо ведитесь, игра  на четверочку, любителям авиационных  аркадных стрелялок"
,Not Recommended,228400,11618866,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,myNAMEisPATBACK,This game is garbo.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERYWHERE. ♥♥♥♥!
76561197986552538,Recommended,228400,11647702,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dayshiryu,"The game is a fun arcade style shooter,  It's not like the older Ace Combats,  but people who want to try flight sims can enjoy this game without being overwhemed."
,Recommended,228400,11610914,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kosades,"This game is not about real combat aircraft simulation. This is simplified action/arcade/shooter. And its awesome because of storyline, music anf video. Its like a movie with some interactive includings. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,228400,11612421,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Eugoogolizer,"A sad, sad turn for the series. Even the ~$5 price was too high."
76561197980431053,Recommended,228400,864086,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,virtualDragon,ACHTUNG! Ace Combat Assult Horizon has GAMES FOR WINDOWS!!
,Not Recommended,228400,11720261,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,HypnoBunny,"Very frustrating, long missions with almost no check points, they tell you to do something and when you try to do it sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. It is a fun game but very difficult, almost to the point of imposable."
,Not Recommended,228400,11205756,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,lʎɹuǝS,"Well...it looks pretty at least.I wouldn't call this an Ace Combat game seeing how far it goes from the old gameplay from previous titles. Despite being mostly open-world, the gameplay is extremely linear and the game will punish you for going out of your way. Time critical objectives are very stressful especially on higher difficulties. On some missions the AI will berate you for not shooting particular targets and yet you have such a hard time finding them with a questionable interface on the chopper and bombers. (straying again from AC). The missions are also too damned long and often repeating itself with objectives without any of the charm.Story-wise it kinda sucks, I had no idea what was going on half the time and whatever I gathered is lackluster.This is not a flight simulator, the gameplay has always had unrealistic flight physics and weapons(200 missiles!). It's purely a action fighter game. That's just part of the rule of fun, but the non-flight missions really grate on me.If you do buy this game, I highly reccommend a controller, changing keys result in unresponsive controls, its strictly port gone wrong."
,Not Recommended,228400,11064016,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,nate,"ive been playing the first helicopter missions for 17 hrs and cannot get any further due because everry time i aim the view changes also aand using the weapons is confusing , its made to force you to the objective rather than accompany you.i expected alot better game , being from the ac series , but got this godly difficult game i cant even begin to play the mp, bottom line dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,228400,11142614,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[SFU] Jamin - Atraius,"Let me state I've already played and completed this game when it initially came out on the xbox 360. I've always been an ace combat fan so I'll admit to some bias in that regard, along with a love of military aircraft in general.That said, this itiration of the Ace Combat series, while fun, full of adrenaline, and still top notch in visual quality as you'd expect, I still felt the new Dog Fighting mechanic took away from some of the imersion.In previous titles, dog fighting was as you'd imagine, difficult. Trying to follow your target while staying in range for your main gun and leading the target so you actually hit. While at the same time making sure you did not crash into anything. This, obviously takes some skill and practice, which I felt was a good challenge to the game.Assault Horizon however takes the burden of piloting and has you focus more on the target. Now it's a matter of making sure your crosshair is on target for your main gun or missles (whichever you prefer) and the plane is essentially on auto pilot after the target. You can change your pitch and angle, sure, but you are certainly only following the target aircraft.This was more a design decision to add cinematic fluff than anything else. That hollywood sequence of flying just underneath a crane while at Mach 2 is undeniably impressive and enjoyable for most. But after repeated intervals, it begins to feel cheapened.This is certainly a good game for those new to the flight combat sim, or new to Ace Combat in general to get a feel for series. While I wish they kept the old dog fighting mechanics in this, it does allow for a lot of 'wow' moments when you do pull them off."
76561198041108753,Not Recommended,228400,9788672,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Victor A Yorke,"AC:AH handles like the usual Ace Combat formula with the bombast and overzealous scripting of the latest Call of Duty games thrown in. Numerous times the game uses it's on-rails Dogfight Mode (DFM) or it's even more restrictive cousin Airstrike Mode to force the player to fly under -that- collapsing smokestack or -that- inexplicable jumbo jet, completely irrespective of the direction or location in which it was initiated. Allies/enemies vanish and materialise as the mission scripting decrees, or are completely invulnrable until they become a later mission objective. The DFM is also lacking in options for the player; you can just hold MG and accelerate and watch the pretty colours.The (apparently) mandatory AC-130 level, the door gunner sections and the helicopter gunship bits, I'm afraid I can't speak fairly on them. Generally I slogged through them until I got my jet back, and certainly wasn't taking notes, other than to say the ground /building textures weren't designed for hovering that close to them.The story is, well, the typical ""US saves the world from someone who wants specifically to attack the US"" fare we've seen everywhere since CoD 4. The comms chatter and recurring callsigns that has always made allies seem interesting is still there, but sparser and sandwiched in between asking for help and spontaneous bravado. The sense of edging along with a ground war is missing from the AC formula too - your team can hop between continent as if on an extended holiday, and the sense of bring under threat suffers. I didn't feel much attachment to the callsign either; Warwolf's leader is no Mobius One. As good as the real-world setting is, I feel Strangereal is a better setting for these games.I'm giving it a negative rating, but that's not to say a bad game. The combat is wonderfully involving in its freeform state, with an excellently majestic soundtrack (Kieki Kobayashi et al doing what they do best), a great selection of planes and enough variation in weapon loadouts / handling / mission objectives to keep it fresh. There's some character to all four members of your flight, as well as the allied squadrons and land-dwelling elements, and even the traditional objective-dispensing AWACS operator has some colour to him.In summary, what's good is most of the parts I liked from AC's 4 and 6 (you can even get the Estovakian fictional superplane from AC6, in original Strigon Squadron colours), and the parts i disliked were clearly taken wholesale from CoD and grafted around the Ace Combat experience. People looking to get the thrill arcade digfighters give would do well to look at JASF (interesting story idea there) or look to play Fires of Liberation."
,Recommended,228400,9792171,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,4cylinder,"Graphically, it's a very shameless console port with literally NO settings apart from vsync, resolution, and AA being on/off. At least it isn't a demanding console port.Gameplay wise - if you want a real combat flight sim, stay away from this game. If you've always wanted a Battlefield mode where everyone just flies a jet, then this is the game for you! It's a fun arcade fighter jet game where you just fly around giving the middle finger to the laws of physics (in an entertaining way). And with no infantry using Stinger missiles to shoot you down :P (even if there are, you have flares from the start).Buy this game on sale. Also, it has completely stripped out GFWL (good job Namco), which was the #1 thing holding me off a purchase at first."
76561198004535830,Recommended,228400,9793146,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Skullduggery,"Not as good as other entries in the series, but it's still pretty fun and worth your money if you bought it during a Steam sale. Multiplayer is surprisingly fun."
,Recommended,228400,9717752,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,THE BLACKHAMMER,its pretty much the same as the previous Ace Combat's only really difference is that the story ode is shocking and the new combat system which demands you to buy a controllerOverall I had a blast blowing up the A.I. with an unrealistick reloading system but it is better than ' flight simulator x ' by far
,Not Recommended,228400,9717968,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Cody,Game was fun on Xbox but is unplayable on PC. When you change control settings to use mouse your aircraft gets stuck leveling out and makes the game unplayable. Keyboard is used for all menu navigation and default controls. Actual game isn't bad you just can't play it on the PC.
76561198006563227,Not Recommended,228400,9718256,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,**Greg  147**,"Without a doubt, one of the worst flying games I've encountered. It's clearly a lazy console port, with no regard given to actual playablity with anything other than a console controller. There's no cursor in the menus, cutscene are ruined by the lack of ability to look around as you would with a controller, and any buttons onscreen flicker between joystick and keyboard options, leaving neither particularly clear to see.Your most difficult enemy will be the flight mechanics themselves, as you can't (fully) roll your plane, making most actual flying techniques impossible to pull of, and keeping track of the enemy whilst they constantly turn on the spot against you quickly becomes a chore.The helicopter controls are beyond explaination. I'm not sure how they'd work with a controller, but with a joystick, I don't think they could possibly be any further from the real controls of a helicopter. I can't really explain them, but let's just say that CoD: Black Ops did a better job of helicopter controls when they stuck on the Hind mission to mix things up a bit. Imagine that, but even worse.That's how the whole game feels: like it's a flight level that's been stuck onto a game that's got nothing to do with flying.And that's when I stopped playing. Good luck to those that buy it."
,Not Recommended,228400,9718808,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Honey Badger,"Worst Ace Combat ever, I thought it would be good seeming I havent played it in so many years, Was way better back in the PS1 PS2 days, Its like your trying to be like HAWX."
,Recommended,228400,9719613,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Chawp,"Not as great as the PS2 titles (AC:Zero and before) but still a decent game, though it may seem a bit grindy at times."
,Not Recommended,228400,5148426,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Verm,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥..Take a great game, dumb it down, take away the freedom of flying, and draw inspiration from Call of Duty and AC:Assault Horizon is what you get.If you want a Ace Combat experience go play the other AC games."
,Recommended,228400,7402811,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,🅱️atman,Game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy.
76561198053250097,Recommended,228400,9716943,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Sundr,"Since there are very few good flight arcades for PC I recommend this game for those who like this type of gameplay. Singleplayer is pretty good, controls are fine, sad that multiplayer is rather inactive, but still game is prett worthy. Hope there were be more Ace Combat games for PC..."
,Recommended,228400,1723920,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,templar627,"As one youtub commenter put it, ""Call of Duty with wings"". That seems to describe this game pretty well. It's an extremely fast paced flying game. It plays fast and loose with flight controls to make a fun game that isn't as difficult as say a flight simulator. There are a ton of planes to choose from and the game is a whole lot of fun. However, be sure to get a controller as this game doesn't play well on a key board. (A 360 controller should be fine)"
,Not Recommended,228400,9898001,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,PH1LT3R_NZ,"A souless arcade shooter in a 'flight sim' wrapper.The camera animations are flashy, it's got nice environments, but the combat quickly becomes tedious.(If you're a big fan of the Ace Combat or Hawx series, it might be worth your time, it's more of the same crap.)If you love realistic air combat simulators - AVOID this."
,Not Recommended,228400,9899229,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,WRATHOFBONG!![USK],"If you are a huge fan of Ace Combat from the consoles, skip this game. Entirely. Do not buy it. If you enjoy quick time events, or just like to look at planes zoom by while your weapons are ineffectual without an absurd mini game, enjoy."
76561198013647673,Not Recommended,228400,9906485,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Sindicate,"I bought this game and cant stand it. Maybe i look for realism in flying games? but something i cant stand is the clunky controls. They are just terrible. The world is not even good looking for a 2013 game. Ohhh thanks you made oil spatter on my cockpit window when i shoot down an enemy. How about make the plane actually flyable instead of constantly being ""guided"" through the levels. Such bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money, go to a local arcade and play the first flight game they have, except the easy controls because thats what this is. I wasted my money big time on this dissapointment. Save your money and stay away."
,Not Recommended,228400,9931621,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,FraggingBaggins,Shy Teh
76561197970509236,Recommended,228400,9933704,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,wheeljack12,"Very good game. The controls for the helicopter missions will catch you off guard. You have to control the gunner and pilot at the same time even if you are using a gamepad. One thumbstick aims the weapons and one controls the pilots direction. I am a old school gamer that played apache helicopter games like microprose's gunship from the 90's where the aim and piloting were controlled by a joystick all in one control set where you where you went is where you aimed. As for the gunner and aircraft missions are simple and straight forwards for controls where for the aircraft, one thumbstick controls the flying and the other is used for camera angles/views. As for views, you can view at least from either the pilots HUD display view of the game or you can view from behind the planes. Both views allow you to see all of the enemy tracking while flying, I wish I could have played the ubisoft HAWX series to compare the air combat. But this game gets a thumbs up from me."
76561197961102572,Recommended,228400,9335494,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TheTrueGentleman,"It's basically Call of Duty with planes and slightly better writing. It's also kind of annoying to play without a controller, except where precise mouse aiming is useful. If that sounds appealing to you, go for it; its a hard decision to regret, and the game isn't really a time sink. If you want a long game with realistic flying though, you're better off learning to speak German and tracking down a flight sim for whatever engine something like that will support.Or find a flying game I haven't tried, I guess."
,Not Recommended,228400,9803644,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,PoppanLocklear,"I'm torn, like really torn.I have enjoyed Ace Combat for as long as I can remember.  From going to the arcade and sitting in the, awesome at the time, faux cockpit living out my fantasies of being a fighter pilot to playing Ace Combat at home with my friends on Playstation 2.  Ace Combat, to me, has been the hands down best arcade style flight game for a long time.  Yes there were some weak games in the series, but there wasn't really anything else like them (maybe Hawx, but I have to imagine there's a reason only 2 of those were made while every other Tom Clancy game gets sequal after sequal).Now for me the best games in the series are the PS2 generation, I'm talking Shattered Skies, Unsung War, and Zero (Zero being imo the best game in the series, for story, presentation, and just sheer variety of jets).  Nothing beat going against the Yellow Squadron at the end of Shattered Skies, or being able to command my wingmen in Unsung War, or going aginst the aces of Zero.  Yes, the playstyle could get repetitive, some could even compare it to Nascar in the sky with missles, with all the constant left turns and all, but the variety of missions, the awesome stage design (chasing enemies through canyons and going all out Death Star style on giant miltary bases and destryoing giant fleets of ships just to name a few), and the insane balls to the wall story telling (Demons of Razgriz, do I have to say anything else?).  Ace Combat was  game that seemed to know what it was, first and foremost an overtly arcade flight sim (and I use the word sim very lossely).  That doesn't seem to be the case here.  Let me explain.As I stated Ace Combat has always featured crazy fictional storylines about nation against nation all out air combat.  That's not the case here.  Once again we are ""graced"" with the classic tale of crazy Russians doing crazy things.  Now I don't want to spoil anything, but I will say that the story, like so many others, is about revenge.  I know, real original right?  Now there have been a lot of comparisons to Call of Duty, and as someone who has played both Ace Combat and Call of Duty, I can say the comparison is apt.  There is a lot to the story that invokes thoughts of the current Call of Duty campaigns.  Once again, crazy Russians, doing crazy things, based around revengs.  I don't know if all of these game developers are delving into the same writing pool, but it sure seems that way.  The story overall, for all of it's cliches, isn't what I would call bad, but it's not what I would call good either.  Rather I would call it forgetable.  I want to say that it is a good lead in, as motivation, to the missions you play, but honestly, you could probably drop all of the cut scenes and still get the jist of what's going on.  Not that it would matter to much.  Needless to say, don't come to this game for the story, you can find the same thing, but better, in just about any movie about flying from the 80's (Top Gun, Iron Eagles), and that's not saying much.Gameplay wise is where things start to get divisive though.  Before Ace Combat was about skill, to a degree, having to keep up with your target, know when to fire missles so they would have a better chance of hitting, being able to stay in close for guns range, etc. but now that seems to have been circumvented in place of scripted action that's what many would describe as being ""on rails"".  Assault Horizon introduces Dog Fight Mode, or DFM for short.  Ini DFM you can engage enemies in scripted (though not to be fair, not all the tim) ""on ralis"" segments usually not being allowed to shoot down an enemy till you have gone through some cinematic moment the game wants you to see.  Sometimes this is a plane crashing into a stadim, as seen in the demo, othertimes it's till a plance decides to counter you, engaging you in a back and forth DFM challenge.  This can become quiet tedious, especially as the game progresses and it forces you to use such more and more.  For those that want to avoid this, I hate to inform, I don't think you really can.  There are portions of the game where it is not even possible to shoot the enemy down till you engage them in DFM and then follow through the cinematic at which time the game will actually make your weapons begin to do damage.  This, as I'm sure you can guess, get's rather old.  Thankfully though much of the previous combat does remain.  As I stated you can still engage enemies without the use of DFM and these engaements feel the same as before, if not even better, as the enemy seems to be a little bit smarter this time around, and that's not a bad thing in this case.What is a bad thing though, is the friendly AI.  They are useless.  I don't say this lightly, but I don't think I have ever seen such horrible AI before.  I mean that.  All I'll say is this, there is a level in the game, about mid way through were you are tasked with destroying a target, you have at this time multiple aircraft in the air with you, friendly and hostile.  The friendlies task you with targetting particular aircraft informing you that they will take care of the ""escort craft"", they don't.  Not at all.  Nothing is more frusrtrating then seeing the sky filled with friendly aircraft only to watch them fly around not going after a single target as they tell me not to be concerned.  These targets are all over you at this point, not being concerned isn't really possible.  Especially considering it's impossible to destroy your targets without engaging the other aircraft.  oh, and did I mention you were on a timer?  Yeah, there's that.  Like I said, horrible AI.I won't even get into the helicopter sections, this review is already long enough.  I will just say this, they aren't as bad as you may have heard, but they definettly aren't good either.  They are once again forgettable; like most of this game to be honest.I don't want to end this by doing nothing but bashing the game so I will say this, the game looks good.  It does.  It's hands down the best looking Ace Combat game.  The ground textures are still laughable, but what do you expect?  The aricraft though, beuatiful.  Also, the aircraft selection, it's good.  Granted there has been better in previous games, but what can you really expect?  It's not like there is a whole lot of modern jet fighter today.  Some of the missions were alright, but nothing to really write home about, but nothing to seriously decry either, they were just, well, forgetable.And I guess that about sums it up, a forgetable game.  Like I said I'm torn, I really wanted to like this, it's Ace Combat, but sadly it's not.  It has the name, but none of the feel.  I'm pretty sure that JSAF may honestly be better, and that's saying something."
76561198058913572,Recommended,228400,9804526,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,dpetrie83,try this game sez
,Not Recommended,228400,9804559,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,sohcf,DFM=DUMB F#$%^ING MORONThis just destoryed my love for the Ace Combat series
76561198020096862,Recommended,228400,9808273,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[FiA] Bear Hunter,Best Ace since ps!!!!
,Not Recommended,228400,7404450,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Soulless,"DO NOT BUY!!!I remember playing Top Gun for the GameCube and loving it.  So when I saw this on sale I thought ""Hmm, it would be nice to play an updated version of Top Gun"", thinking it would be kinda similar.  Well, after speding hours troubleshooting (navigating through crappy Microsoft software) I finally got the game to launch. 5 minutes into the tutorial mission I quit because I couldn't handle how bad it was.  Over sensitive controls, terrible control scheme and directions and horrific and unrealistic voice acting make me want to say that it was the worst game I've ever played.  I much rather would have spent my money on 4 more copies of Terraria than this.  Most ancient arcade games are better.In short, this game is not worth $2 much less $10.  So don't waste your money."
,Recommended,228400,7407847,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,БОРОДАТЫЙ ТРЕНЕР,"Суперский симулятор!!! Покупайте не пожалеете. Правда на мышки сложно играть, лучше всего на геймпаде)"
76561198014567959,Recommended,228400,12236296,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Armored Prayer,Great game if you compare it to Ubisofts HAWX series. I enjoyed it a lot. I love semi-scripted events may be thats why. DFM  addition makes it really fast paced and really fun. see the gameplays before you get it if you are a picky one
,Not Recommended,228400,1447915,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,s0beit,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ They tried to make plane combat fun by TAKING THE PLANE PART OUT OF IT AND TURNING IT INTO A FIRST PERSON SHOOT IN MIDAIR. You can't control shit. Fuck this game.
76561198125178291,Not Recommended,228400,12208305,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,"A very arcady kind of game. don't expect a simulation. i also found that there is not much ducking and diving between buildings its just strait up arcade dog fights.its a good game for what it is, i just didnt enjoy it"
,Not Recommended,228400,3713776,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Lumpy the Cook,"Easily the weakest entry in the main Ace Combat series- primarily due to its over reliance on its oversimplified, yet cumbersome ""Dog Fight System"" mechanic, which somehow manages to turn ""open"" flying missions as linear and lifeless as the chopper gunner rail sequences that bookmark them.The writing is the same old extraordinarily bland, ""oh here's why we're sending you on worldwide operations"" modern military fare. SPOILER ALERT! The bad guys are Russians. On the bright side, I suppose that's a step above the usual ""middle schooler's DeviantArt fiction"" school of writing employed in the series.The music is still great, at least."
76561198012730347,Recommended,228400,11569224,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,❤Dragon❤,This how do I describe when I am posting this review I have just minutes ago finished the game. I loved it the amazing graphics the challenging flying and missions and when you get up close in dog fights those can be easy or rediculusly hard I bet that the game may have been easyer if I had a controller but I played only with a keyboard which prooves that this game is useful with keyboard main problem tho was sometime keys weren't registering on press but that was very rare but all in all I love the game my top 10 I'd say because of the close fast paced combat gets the adrenaline pumping
76561198063855423,Recommended,228400,11571454,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,DG | Yappadeago,A really fun arcade style game that is hours of fun with intense action and a mixed story line.I would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,228400,11575689,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,blockbuster45,"The perfect example of what a plane game should be. Easy controls, no elitist controls like all those boring simulations, you dont havetpo land a lot when you play(landings have always been boring), fights are fair and easy. May all developers who consider to create flight games take example on this wonderful ace combat assault mode."
,Recommended,228400,11127548,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,IcemanInferno,Story's pretty tame for an ace combat game.Good arcady shooty flying stuff as usual for ace combat.very little graphics options but game looks pretty good anyway.helicopter sections are a nice break-up between jet zooming.
76561198090041855,Not Recommended,228400,11118386,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,tigermat,"Ace Combat Assault Horizon... where to begin.If youre interested in buying this game because you've played past Ace Combat games, please take the time to read this review.You will not find the Ace Combat experience you've come to know and love from this game. This is not Ace Combat; Its little more than an arcade shooter masquerading as a successor to Ace Combat 6, simple as that. If you've played the past games and have loved the sim style, then avoid this game, as its now focused more to an arcade style. That coupled with a lackluster story have me dissapointed in Assault Horizon.If you're new to the Ace Combat franchise and are looking for cheep and easy arcade sim, this game might be for you; but buyer beware, it might not be worth it even then."
,Recommended,228400,24912529,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheMitchwich,"Fantastic game: great simulator, decent story, beautiful renderings of real life jets.  Anyone looking for a fleshed out jet simulator will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,228400,12620062,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Razgriz,"The fact that this is under the Ace Combat name is insultingThat being said, even if the AC name wasn't there, it'd still be a PoS"
76561198119561586,Recommended,228400,25333688,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jonathon2121,k
76561198191962989,Recommended,228400,25638219,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,alooy102014,"Cool game, loved it no matter how easy they made the combat in the end, its a game right? :)"
,Recommended,228400,25880071,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nowaker,"I've always enjoyed watching flight combat games but I've always hated playing them. Planes were too hard to maneuver, or required to memorize the whole keyboard of keybindings, or both. That's a disaster. Assault Horizon is the first flight combat game I was able to play, and hell, I enjoyed it so much."
,Recommended,228400,23194129,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bioluminousflux,"Intially skeptical; I heard about all of the present bugs leaving this game somewhat unplayable but I'm extremely glad I decided to try this game. It glitched for me only once during the first turret mission, but fixed itself upon a mission restart and never repeated. One of my favorite titles in the Steam library. The dogfight mode alone provides enough thrill to satisfy me as a long-time fan of wartime flight simulators.The Apache flights add a whole new element of fun and provide a close sense of realism that you could only find in a real simulator. Whether it be clearing ground support or chasing down enemy jets; this game is sure to please."
,Recommended,228400,11455660,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Poesilly Chickadee,"i like this game, its lots of fun, pretty hard and tons of variety on air combat vehicules"
,Recommended,228400,24525844,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,RussianRainbow,Yes.
,Not Recommended,228400,24471690,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rockon Stratos,Pros:Looks greatHas im@s ita-planesMichael BaysplosionsCons:Nigh on unplayable with a keyboardDefault control scheme doesn't allow plane inversionTime attack based mission objectives with arbitrary failure because your force of 50 (useless) allies missed 1 dude with an airsoft gunForced DFM to kill TGT_LEAD (Ace) enemies which have rediculous HP (Markov took about 40 missiles)Only compelling reason to play game is to fly sick weaboo death machines
76561198272566102,Recommended,228400,24426103,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,The Hempire Lights Back.,"Apparently there's a GPU issue with Windows 10, I have the game myself and I think it's great!"
76561198040725444,Not Recommended,228400,24700799,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dizzy,"If you enjoyed the previous Ace Combat titles, I'd steer clear of this one."
,Recommended,228400,24540934,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,tj haine,"First up I'll admit having not played an Ace Combat title since the PS1 days but I had a blast with this.It gave me strong Modern Warfare flavours with a subtle undertone of Metal Gear Solid.If you like pretty planes, acade style combat and a storyline you can get through in an afternoon while keeping an eye on your kids then it well worth a look.If you want a realistic flight sim or a weaboo in a candy pink super jet then you'd be better off looking elsewhere."
76561198040107668,Recommended,228400,23544550,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GManLegendary,"It is a different type of Ace Combat and most certainly a different type of flight sim (more of a flight game). That being said, it is still a good and fun game at its core. This is not the best Ace Combat by any means, but it is still Ace Combat. If you're a fan of the series and are debating purchasing Assault Horizon I can say that you'll be somewhat disappointed but satisfied. If you like flight-related games and want to purchase Assault Horizon I can tell you that you will enjoy the game. In the end, I'll always love Ace Combat and I had an enjoyable time with Assault Horizon."
,Not Recommended,228400,24005927,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shwarthog,"Meh. This game is fun, but maybe a bit too much on the ""arcade"" side of the realism slider."
76561198126529593,Recommended,228400,24002389,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Technology Dragon,"This game is amazing to me, I have always enjoyed the campaign, and as you move up on the difficulty, your mind goes into autopilot like nothing ever happened. It's a great experience online too, however, it may be hard to start off with all of the people who have been playing for a while. I still love this game after three years, and it still remains a favorite."
,Not Recommended,228400,24032977,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,zufilico,"I bought this game for a recomendation in community of HAWX, but this game is very bored. THe most incredible the game arrived with 24minutes played if I never played this game before."
76561197974151108,Not Recommended,228400,23923307,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,royalguard78,"This ace combat is not the old ace combat that i have played in PS, PS2...etcAnd is so stupid that keeps on asking u to use the dogfighting feature which is new to the game to kill the enemy planes.It actually kills the whole game."
76561198005811874,Recommended,228400,23846789,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SoloWingPixy,"**Disclaimers**I have played this game in full on the Xbox 360I have also played Ace Combats 4, 5, Zero, 6, and X (the PSP one)Now, the review.As a game, Ace Combat:Assault Horizon gets my reccomendation.As an Ace Combat game, It does not. Thats the short of it.I'm reccomending this game, but in a way also not reccomending it. At a sale price of $5, a newcomer could very well get his or her monies worth out of the title. But a veteran of the series will likely be dissappointed with it. I really wish Steam had a third reccomendation option of ""Maybe"", because this game would fit right into that.As an arcade flight simulator, this game is good. It beats the hell out of HAWX, that much I'll support. If you're just looking for a quick action/war game, then this might be right up your alley.But if you're fan of the other games in the series, this game is a complete letdown. The staples of the other games, from the anti-war themes, epic boss battles with fictional super weapons and the fictional world of Strangereal are all put to the side. In its place are helicoper segments, both on and off rails, bomber missions, the typical ""Russians are the bad guys"" story with somewhat strong 'murica themes, and the new ""Dogfight Mode"" (DFM), which dumbs down fights to this hybrid on rails mini-game. None of these things are bad for other games, but for Ace Combat it is a real let down."
,Recommended,228400,23849444,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Forgge,"First off im just going to say this game is not even close too as good as the older ones (ace 4,5, and zero) but its still an excelent game, 8/10"
76561198043946396,Not Recommended,228400,23850361,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tornado,"I had the PSP games in my old time, but this game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ sorry. Its not even flying, is like a blure train with click action."
,Recommended,228400,23796026,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,demo,"I want whatever the Enemy is flying in this game, - 15 air to air missile hits, multiple cannon hits, enough bits falling off them to fill a skip and their planes are still dancing around the sky like nothings happened.I`m read in another review that the aircraft have whats called ""regenerating health"" and magically mend themselves in flight...Pfffffffft.I also disliked the constant screen freezes and prompting on first use, I`d imagine that stops after you`ve used all the key bindings a couple of times but it bugged the hell out of me.Don`t buy if you expect this to be realistic, also don`t buy unless you don`t mind repeatedly shouting at your PC screen and yelling ""What The ***k is this ***t???   !!!!! seriously???"".Do buy if you like arcade games, the graphics ARE ok and I didn`t experience any bugs or installation issues, - what the game does, it does do well enough.I`m on the fence about recommending this really because as a long time flight simmer, I prefer more depth and realism in a flying game, so although this didn`t float my boat it may well appeal to others,  it`s on sale at the moment at £2.49 and it`s worth that so I`ll lean towards a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,228400,24715991,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Misha_vrn [RUS],"Great planes, but arcade and repetitive gameplay."
76561197987964849,Recommended,228400,1153056,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Gregcole07,If you are into military flight sims at all hell yea
,Recommended,228400,20873259,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sergeant Young,Not as good as Ace Combat 6 but still worth it in my opinion.
,Recommended,228400,20867426,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TenaciousTim,"Love it! It's different from the previous games in the series (coming from an owner of AC3 and newer), but it's still good! The on-rails parts of the game do get annoying at times, but the game is quite entertaining. If you're a long-time Ace Combat player, it's different and won't be as good as the older ones, but if you're a new Ace Combat pilot, you'll thoroughly enjoy this game.I'd give this game a solid 7.5/10."
,Recommended,228400,21015317,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nate,"Great game, its a bit of a different take from the other ACE COMBAT games but its good!"
76561198074117792,Recommended,228400,8724554,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Zombi3,"Ace combat, enough said =]"
,Not Recommended,228400,21267412,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,do not touch borf,It's like Ace Combat but set on earth and with boring Russian terrorists instead of fun or superweapons.
76561198028123368,Not Recommended,228400,25342109,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HellMinion88,this game makes me want to play ace combat 4-6 for a week before imagining each of the games squadrons joining forces to nuke this game like its the end game boss D:avoid unless its on sale and remember this is NOT an ace combat game in this players eyes!
76561198108800533,Not Recommended,228400,15669672,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,iceyrider,"The first few levels of this game make it obvious it's a console port, but it's not  that bad. After that it gets rediculous. Randomly killing me in monologue scenes, being impossibly difficult on novice settings, creating checkpoints half a second before a quick time event, and running into the ground does less damage than the Ai!!! This game is nothing like the originals I remember from PS2. It is in no way realistic. The constant explosions would give Micheal Bay a seizure. How the hell did Angry Joe enjoy this game on PC?"
76561198009979779,Not Recommended,228400,25579238,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,AmpleNickel4262,"It's an okay game. A bad Ace Combat game. Performance wise it runs fine, graphics are all right though use a down right horrible motion blur/heat haze system and audio is, well to think of it I never noticed it. So that's good and bad. I recall no standout moments audio wise nor any glarring WTF sound effects. The game is mediocre in every sense of the word. I feel like none of my allies ever kill a single enemy. Literally a dozen friendlies and I'll have to take out every single one of the 20 plus enemies. It takes literally 30-45 minutes sometimes to beat a mission of simple enemy waves. I'm also not too fond of the new ""zoom in up close to semi-scripted sequences"" which you can trigger when within like 1000 meters of the enemy. It's lame and almost the only reliable way to take out enemies otherwise. Especially when those sequences  appear to be the only time the enemy hits ground targets outside of scripted triggers. Otherwise it's a solid, decent arcady aerial combat game. Oh, and the Apache helicopter controls just plain, flat out suck. Having to aim wiht your mouse, yet push mouse all the way to the edge of the screen and hold to rotate the chopper. It's ludicrous. There are quite a number of better dogfighting games. A lot if you drift to realistic, simulator side of it. Hell, there are better Ace Combat games. They're older and only on PS2 (one was on 360 I think, it was better than average) but they're still better."
76561198087944478,Recommended,228400,24382307,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,shamefulweevil,"Great game visually stunning and the story is pretty good.Pros:Great graphics, tons of planes, interesting storyCons:none really, not a big fan of the helicopter scenes, but that is a personal preference."
,Recommended,228400,24337341,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Krexel,"I seem to be one of the few who actually enjoyed this game, however it is my first Ace Compat game and I have been wanting to try out the others since everyone says they're so much better. So hey, I enjoyed this one so why wouldn't I enjoy the others?"
,Recommended,228400,27166287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,htranou,Call of Duty with planes. Ridiculous plot included.
76561198083636511,Recommended,228400,27287473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FATALITY!,"I've never played the older AC games (I don't have a gaming console), and granted I got this game while it was on sale (I had my eyes on this game for a while, and was waiting for a sale), but I'll say this: Sometimes companies decide to take a different approach to their franchises for a lot of different reasons, and it's either you'll love them or hate them for doing it. From the reviews of the game by fans of the old AC games I've read, many are absolutely appalled by it. I don't think they're wrong - they're seeing a franchise they've been with for a very long time change into something they're not used to. (I had the same feeling when the Total War franchise decided to go into Warhammer, for example, and I felt the same disappointment, too.)But that's not to say those fans are right either. Project Aces was obviously trying to test out something new, and I think it's quite brave of them to have given it a try (after recovering from the initial disappointment, I feel the same of the Total War franchise now).Now, for those that are still deciding whether to buy the game or not, here's the best way I can put it:(1) DFM takes quite a bit of getting used to, but it'll feel rewarding when you tail another fighter and gun them down.(2) It's nothing like the old AC games (from what I can judge from the Let's Plays I've seen people play), but it's an interesting spin on the genre.(3) If you don't like the campaign, see the story as a massive tutorial that teaches you what you'll need to know to be effective in multiplayer.(4) Judging from the mechanics, the game was originally designed with multiplayer as more a core feature than single player.In the end, a game's a game - some of them we love, others not so much. The franchise titles represent something significant for some people, but not so much for others. I understand those grieving for what AC's become, but I'm personally happy that there's an AC game on PC, and agree with those that enjoy the game for what it is."
,Recommended,228400,26615134,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ivanovikh_Makarov,Best DLC ever
,Not Recommended,228400,26500369,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,IVI00101,Flying does not feel good. Not fun.
76561198086747436,Recommended,228400,25965736,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,nice flight but with stupid dog fight. it's still a good air combat game but may not be a good ace combat.really looking forward for ACE combat 7
76561197976228399,Not Recommended,228400,25976582,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,R.Reagan,"What's the term... guide by wire or something like that.  Kinda a silly game, no skill needed.  Graphics are nice.  I suppose if you want to not have to plan your routes and stuff like that and just mindlessly blow Carp up... then heck.  This is right up your ally.  Not my cup of tea, and I love all kinda tea."
,Recommended,228400,26142849,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ReturnedMoses,"Fine storyline, Fine playstyle, good graphics...poor details though..."
76561198089238476,Recommended,228400,7409629,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,manitasman,"este juego es la polla y ahora esta mas barato, mas que recomendado :)"
,Recommended,228400,7508822,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,thepowerglove,Mechanically a little janky compared to the smooth arcade action of the previous titles in the series. Moves from the Ace Combat world to the real world. New locking modes do help to stop endless spiral battles.
,Recommended,228400,549510,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,This game is like playing Top Gun but as a game. Seriously like a movie.Helicopters doing barrel rolls.... nuff said
76561198051105224,Recommended,228400,7401433,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,imbajoe,good excuse to use the joystick :D   not too bad
,Not Recommended,228400,7807016,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Viktor,"Oh my god, what kind of control scheme is this? What happened to one of my favourite arcade/action games from the PS2 era? Jesus christ, there couldnt be anything more wrong with this game...even GFWL enabled...goddamn."
76561198006727752,Recommended,228400,7819989,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,GHOSTSERGEANT,Wow! Game detail is amazing. Great fun.
76561197978796335,Not Recommended,228400,7888782,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Col_Shaggy,"The attachment of Games For Windows Live(GFWL) makes this game useless if you can't sign into your GFWL account for any reason. You can still play the game but if you want to get through the campaign you have to do it in one sitting because your game will not save without GFWL.If you can use your account then this is a fun little arcade shooter with an interesting storyline.However, if you're like me, and only play a few GFWL burdened games and don't sign into your account on a weekly basis then you will be left out inthe cold.Even though I didn't pay very much for this game I still feel a little ripped off and not by Steam but by Microsoft and Namco."
,Not Recommended,228400,8409991,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kadoogan,"Like many other Games For Windows Live connected games, this has become unplayable - literally unopenable for many and even if you get it to play you may not be able to save your games, making it a waste of time to even bother with it.With many Steam games these days you should check the forums and make sure that the game can be played before making a purchase.I find this kind of sad because personally I didn't have to do this at all until 2013.Between Microsoft simply shutting down Games for Windows Live, the advent of Windows 8, and lack of support from Microsoft and Steam on these matters, you may have several crippled games in your collection already.A good example of all of this can be found in the forum for this game."
,Not Recommended,228400,8321410,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ryanpresley,"Requires Games for Windows Live, which doesn't work at all, not allowing gamesaves. Default controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it does not apply custom keymappings very well."
,Recommended,228400,8303180,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tenoke,"This is one of my favourite air combat games. Great graphics, good choice of planes. Great multiplayer options. The campaign is a mixture of flying helicopters, combat planes, being a gunner in a blackhawk, operating an AC-130. Great levels in the campaign. Good dogfighting engagement."
,Recommended,228400,28677130,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Masa Masaki,"I like this game, is awesome game for Dog fight for jet fighter, but waiting for update and"
76561198176989843,Recommended,228400,28703204,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ursul,"TL;DRKinda good kinda badNow the long partThis game is not the usual Ace Combat game you are used to. The controls are very rigid, the DFM (DogFight Mode?) is making it very easy to down opponents in combat.It is very fast-paced, every story being different.It still feels like Ace Combat, though. It's one of the best arcade-ish Jet games on PC, better than most.The planes are modeled beautifully and the explosions are awesome.I would recommend this game just because I am a sucker for the XX / XXI century air combat games.Con partNow, I haven't stated it already but I've played the single player version through at least twice, and the downside of it is the clunkyness of the controls and the camera sucks.You get to play with an attack helicopter, which is sweet as an idea, but the controls are horrid.You also get to play as a gunner to a huey, but again, the controls are horrid.Playing it without a controller is suicide, as in some cases you will need to hold at least 3 or 4 buttons at the same time. I recommend getting any cheap♥♥♥♥♥controller as the game fully supportsanycontroller you use. Even the cheap 5 euros one.MultiplayerIt is still there, but you will get stomped on the head if you don't know your way around. Finish the game on top difficulty beforehand to get trained. You won't get much rewards, but the co-op sorties are fun and rewarding.All in all, I still recommend it because it's ace combat."
,Not Recommended,228400,4647467,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,hippie2,"Не понравилось. Купил из-за того, что когда-то играл в Ace Combat 3 на PSone, был фанатом серии. Сейчас установил, запустил, поиграл - не то. Играл с геймпадом от xbox'а. Управление можно переключить на оригинальное, как в предыдущих играх серии, но по ощущениям - совсем не то, аркадность сильно уменьшилась. Или я просто разучился играть )"
76561198079782223,Recommended,228400,17183303,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Koober728,"I see a great deal of ""Not Recommended"" in the reviews, and it seems a great many of them tout faulty controls as a game breaker. I will tell you right now, the default controls are designed to appeal to the kind of person who has never played a flight simulator. If you go through the control menus, you will find an option to revert to a more traditional flight simulator. Something to take the majority of the game ""off the rails"" as it were. There will still be the occasional track shooting section, as the gunner of an AC-130, or a Blackhawk, but the meat of the game, the flying, will feel considerably more natural. This was a mistake on the developers part, to default to a more infantile method of control scheme, while bearing the relatively trusted name of ACE COMBAT, but to err is human.That being said, if you are looking for a tight, hardcore, physically sound, flight simulator, you will likely be disappointed. However, if you are a video game enthusiast, and are looking for a fun experience, this game is certainly worth a try. The game opens powerfully, focusing primarily on a hyperbolic view of dogfighting, but quickly spreads out to encompass other methods of flight to simulate. Before you know it, you'll find yourself in the seat of an AH-64 Longbow, as new mechanics are introduced. Then, you will make use of the aforementioned AC-130. Make no mistake, this is an attempt to broaden the horizons of the series, and draw in a more ""action-phile"" crowd. As I've seen, video game elitists hate things like this. I hope this explains the majority of the negative reviews, but if you're on Steam, you've seen the state of the internet, and you know that some people like to gripe, as they lack other methods of communicating.The tl;dr of it, I found this to be a fun game, full of amusing content, and wrought with controller breaking challenge. Admittedly, the story is bland, but I defy you to find a war game that has a truly scintillating and hereto for untold story. Take a chance, make sure to change the control scheme, and test your mettle. I wasn't disappointed, and I don't think you will be either."
,Not Recommended,228400,14675631,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,möbius,"This might be fine for someone who just wants an air combat game to play, but if you're a fan of the older AC titles like AC04 this just isn't for you.Several major elements have been changed for jets: Your machine guns never run out of ammo, and neither do your missiles, they simply have a cooldown period. There's also a new ""chase"" mechanic which locks you onto an enemy and autopilots you around, making aiming your only concern in a dogfight. It's basically rail shooter mode. Not only is this boring and unchallenging, but it also looks ridiculous as you weave between buildings and oil rigs at mach two. Use of this mechanic is optional against most enemies, but certain VIP targets force you to use it in order to take them down.The helicopter missions come in two flavors: awkwardly controlled attack helo and boring rail shooter transport helo. There are also gunship rail shooter missions straight out of CoD.Overall everything feels very scripted like a CoD game and there isn't a lot of room for stages to play out differently when you replay them. There's no tension because you never run out of ammo, and there's no challenge because of the autopiloting chase system.If you're a long-time AC fan like me you'll probably hate this game. If you still buy CoD games then this is for you."
76561198344933646,Not Recommended,228400,28584012,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Avoncarstien,"The default control schema is absolute garbage, with lateral stick control being roll and bank; it makes it next to impossibe to properly configure  joystick controls because it improperly detects throtle inputs... All in all,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performace and I'm not even 10 minutes into playing the game. Love the series, seriously disappointed the PC port is this crappy."
76561198020434107,Recommended,228400,3300715,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Khio,"It's bad, but it's AC anyway,"
76561198076157375,Recommended,228400,28590625,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Exodus,"Brought the game while it was on sale. Interesting game. I'm one of these guys, who actually enjoys while playing this. Everyone complaining what this Ace Combat is different from anothers. Well, its supposed to be different.. This is not some Call of Duty or something.. Campaing achievements are easy, I dunno about coop and multiplayer becouse I not played those yet. Some dialogs will make you laught from non-sense. What I mean? (TOWER - Warvolf! SOVA 1 is being attacked! Requesting air support!. WARVOLF 2(your wingman) - Colonel!. WARVOLF 1 - WE HAVE TO.) We have to what? Some of these dialogs without sense, but after all, I love this game. I recommend."
76561198102960384,Recommended,228400,28775206,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BrownDwarfsCantMeltSteelBeams,Satisfied my need for an Ace Combat game after AC: 6. Worth it for $5-10 for a ~6 hour campaign.
76561198143459103,Recommended,228400,28774380,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,♠KoNill,Wait wheres the iron sword?
76561197988191937,Recommended,228400,28919096,Posted: 1 January,all,sdbest83,Pretty sweet arcade style flight game. Heaps of fun playing it on PC with HOTAS rather than the old games on Playstation with thumb sticks.
76561198298692910,Not Recommended,228400,30113089,Posted: 22 February,all,Fb||Kim So Hyun,"I cannot play multiplayer because its too ""much"" players join :))))"
,Recommended,228400,30107681,Posted: 22 February,all,c0wf3d,"Ace Combat: Assault Horizon does not fly entirely like any of its past Brothers and Sisters. The DFM (Dog Fight Mode) instead aims to take you through the heavy metal experience of shredding through another aircraft at top speed. Ace fans that have gone through the previous games and may not like the mode, but for getting newer players involved in the high speed action DFM is top tier. The story line is fantastic, along with characters that grab your attention. 10/10 grab this to get to know the true sky. <3"
76561197994528587,Not Recommended,228400,1547364,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Hugh G. Rection,"COMPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETE piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I recommend getting a hold of a hard copy of this, laying the nastiest, sloppiest brick you can muster on it, and mailing it back to Namco/Bandi for their recommendation. Even playing this on 360, it looked worse than AC6 on PS2.This is the Call of Duty of Arcade flight sims and that is distinctly not a compliment. The only way I could insult this more is to say it makes CoD MW3 seem enjoyable like solid, fun entertainment. I would thoroughly recommend tazering one's junk or being French ahead of buying this."
,Not Recommended,228400,29982298,Posted: 17 February,all,Cryptonic_SeaGull,"If im being honest I would of thought this game would be so much more but the controls are hard (for me anyway) so for those of you who dont easily get used to controls I wouldnt recommend this game, its also a bit pricey!"
76561198272012403,Recommended,228400,29418635,Posted: 22 January,all,Ryzen_7x,The United States simulator of freedom and democracy I give 8 bombs out of 10. Only to see the level of the turret in the helicopter shooting all those bullets full of freedom
,Not Recommended,228400,29675662,Posted: 3 February,all,Montak2847,"While this game isn't inherently bad, I don't like it because I may as well be playing in an arcade. If you're using a mouse and keyboard it's incredibly unnatural feeling."
76561198075019585,Not Recommended,228400,25581453,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Vorpal,"This game is bad don't buy it. It's not Ace Combat, it's a broken joke. Doesn't even let you fly, you have to go where it tells you or you fail the mission, thanks DFM. The story is by Jim De Felice, it's cookie cutter big bad weapon is seized by russian extremists to attack the west and most of the cutscenes are pretty incoherant."
,Not Recommended,228400,29727323,Posted: 5 February,all,Betrocks,A Ace Combat on PC????Yes but it is like the story from Call of Duty (at least MW-all the others)I thought it would be like the classik (on psx) but nope.... still a little bit of fun.
76561198023697588,Recommended,228400,29810198,Posted: 9 February,all,lstanley93,"Good concepts, good ideas, but less than ideal execution.Don't get me wrong the game is fun, but I feel that the implementation of the Dog Fight Mode, Ground Attack Mode, Helicopter, and Bomber missions, led to an underwhelming number of missions, if there were more missions then it would be more fun, because there would be more variety, and replay value but I feel that them wanting to implement DFM and all the other features took time and resources away from the amount of playable content that was in the game, if there was one more of each type of mission, or if there was more diversity in the existing missions, then it wouldn't be a problem. Another thing that the development of DFM probably hurt was the fact that you can't change your wingmen's loadouts, you can't give orders to your wingmen, you can't retreat to a side of the map to restock your weapons if you're running low, which means you have to ration your special weapons in certain missions because certain parts of the game become infinitely more difficult without special weapons, and that certain sequences in the game rely entirely too much on DFM, and since it is impossible to dodge missiles in DFM, if you're out of flares, and you're at a part that requires DFM, you're screwed, and also there are just some parts of the game, that you die over and over and over again, without any obvious reason why, for example the sequence where you fight the Aircraft Carrier, if you don't do exactly the right thing, which let me say isn't very obvious, then you get stuck with a fighter on your tail, or missiles launched from the carrier and you can't dodge, you die and you have to try again, no matter how good you are at dodging. Just, certain parts of the game where you die repeatedly and it isn't immediately obvious what you did wrong, but that's only for certain parts of the game, for the most part it is fine. By in large, good concepts, good ideas, cool content, but not executed nearly as well as it should have been, because the defining feature of the game at certain points in detrimental to the enjoyment of the game, so why am I recommending this, because I still enjoy it despite that, it's just that there is a non-intuitive learning curve to some parts of the game that can be frustrating, and because there was some parts of the gameplay that were cut that could've stayed, and unless they developed an entirely new engine for this game, had no real reason to be cut."
76561198025709853,Recommended,228400,31904954,Posted: 22 May,all,morninglurker,"I certainly enjoy this game, but it feels disingenuous to say its part of the Ace Combat series considering how arcade-y the gameplay is. Ace Combat isn't nesseciarially a simulation series, but this has such a different feel you'll likely be put off if you come in expecting ""Ace Combat"", as I initially was. All things considered however, in and of itself, I think the game is good shoot-em-up style fun. Story is forgettable, though not mind-numbingly dull."
,Recommended,228400,23990706,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,_Kurumi^Tokisaki,"It's a cool game, definetly worth to play."
76561198202535534,Not Recommended,228400,31953443,Posted: 25 May,all,Mako,"The controls are far less than perfect and ""DFM"" over complicates combat, the same can also be said for the fight assistance option."
76561198115765073,Recommended,228400,32546088,Posted: 18 June,all,Hank_Mardukas,nice game!
76561198171904745,Recommended,228400,32095858,Posted: 31 May,all,Hezekiah Beta,"Is this a great Ace Combat game? No. Is it a good Ace Combat game? Probably not, but I'm not the most qualified. Is it a fun game? It was for me.The story isn't that great, and the combat and flight aren't that realistic. However, it's pretty fun as an arcade shooter. The killshots when you bring down an enemy airplane are surprisingly satisfying as well.6/10 (Less if you're an Ace Combat fan) -- buy on sale if you know you want it"
76561197994134669,Not Recommended,228400,32307303,Posted: 9 June,all,KNGPIN,Gets boring quick. Enemy planes make crazy tight turns you cant keep up with. Basically jousting with airplanes.
76561198022759252,Not Recommended,228400,32628927,Posted: 21 June,all,Grayson141,"This game is not only a dissapointment to the Ace Combat series, but as a PC game, even a port. The game is not set up for any kind of mouse input, not even in the main menu or setting. Sure in the controls setting, you can turn on mouse steering but it still requires you to use the arrow keys for your pitch and yaw. As it stands this game is a horrible PC port, and if you want an air combat game there are many to choose from. If you an Ace Combat game wait until 7 comes out. But if you really want to play this game, get it on console, as it was designed for."
76561198019073357,Recommended,228400,32697656,Posted: 23 June,all,Kit Carson,bejo
,Not Recommended,228400,32834327,Posted: 26 June,all,Moore_Or_Less,"the dog fight mode is dumb honestly. and i couldnt even get past the opening mission because of the ""dream"" black and white flashing. epileptics beware, and everyone else enjoy the headache. im getting a refund"
76561198214746273,Not Recommended,228400,33067451,Posted: 30 June,all,JiangZemin,There isn't even a graphical setting in this game... wtf?
,Recommended,228400,32843829,Posted: 26 June,all,Offbrand Glass Cleaner,"For 4 bucks on the '17 Steam Summer Sale, I'd say hell yeah. Worth it."
76561197977505249,Not Recommended,228400,32842351,Posted: 26 June,all,Slipcode05,"This game is not even fun for people not into ace combat or havent played it, its just plain boringtrudge and near fall asleep in the mission length to shoot a bogey, ride in a heli that cannot turn for its own life.dont buy pleaseI was curious and I broke the hour and I cant return it.DONT BE ME."
76561198332635247,Recommended,228400,32877568,Posted: 27 June,all,Fman68,great game
76561198335023912,Recommended,228400,33002640,Posted: 29 June,all,MadMax,"Have the urge to fly, kill bandits... and to be the king of the skies at a time (virtually though :p), with a perfect storyline and heavy arsenal, then this is the game for all combat air sims with a setup that might relate to a real world scenario, then again virtually though.... Nice gameplay and graphics, can't wait for ace combat 7 skies unknown... Really Excited."
,Recommended,228400,32850007,Posted: 27 June,all,_Shad0w9278_,"a fun jet arcade kind of game. alot of past exprience gamers say that this game isnt as good as the old one and one of the worst one in the franchise but i was looking for this kind of game and this was my first one its not bad actually,cant wait for ace combat 7"
76561198032311353,Not Recommended,228400,33250724,Posted: 4 July,all,BackNforth,"The game forces you to enter Dog Fight Mode against higher level enemies for the cinematics in which makes the enemy zip zag across the screen. Higher level enemies use unlimited flare, dodge missiles without physics and the missiles purpously miss to make you go into DFM."
,Recommended,228400,33227057,Posted: 4 July,all,Pouyan,"What's good about it:- Perfect story line- Fantastic graphics and motions- Accurate aircraft modelingWhat's not good:- Terrible helicopter controlling- Ghost town servers!Futhermore, note that this is a game, not a flight simulator. But I'd say it's a hell of the game!!"
,Recommended,228400,33456631,Posted: 11 July,all,{HCLIE} Alek34,"Constant, fast paced, good story line, dramatic, and it kept me focused the entire time."
,Not Recommended,228400,33319541,Posted: 6 July,all,Odelf Hortler,"damn,imagine a fly that can go at 3000 k/h whit missiles ,and all that flyes x20 chasing you"
76561198380100558,Not Recommended,228400,33663733,Posted: 19 July,all,Domingadas,dfm sucks
,Not Recommended,228400,33957018,Posted: 1 August,all,Lunchbox,Ugh... I think about halfway through I was desperate for the final mission so I could stop playing this garbage.
76561198132594762,Recommended,228400,17330539,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Angelicalmeat73,"While playing Ace combat i find it very addictive exciting challenging and value, each aircraft chapter is very detailed with great flying and fun what i would like is more take offs and landings also aircraft carrier take offs and landings too what about a new begining with a new release of australian F111.. phantoms and other great planes  in the ace combat series it would be fantastic to buy a new series thanks for reading.Angelicalmeat 73."
76561198120843180,Not Recommended,228400,18120803,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Trigger,"This is merely just a spin-off Ace Combat with some elements featured such as Close Range Assault (DFM and ASM) that mostly obligatory thus kinda ruins the freedom of the dogfight, aircraft usage restrictions on several missions, and the lack of the emphasized drama appeared on past titles (most of those featured superb anime-styled storylines that distinguish Ace Combat from most of other combat flight series ) makes it very detached from the entire series.The good thing about this that it has good graphics, sounds, and still fun gameplay even though some features mentioned above kinda ruins it. The flight dynamics are good for the game of this genre. It also has a fair amount of playable aircrafts to choose.Since I've played most of Ace Combat games in the series before, I found this one kinda disappointing if compared to the other titles in the series, but still enjoyable. Still, I personally think it's a good thing there's an Ace Combat game on PC officially (although the spin-off one) remembering there haven't been any Ace Combat games on PC officially before. Maybe someday there'll be another Ace Combat game on PC that will remain faithful to its Strangereal saga.If you're an avid Ace Combat fan who trully miss and wants the iconic Strangereal elements in terms of story, atmosphere, and gameplay-feels from AC1,2,3,04,5,Zero, X, and 6, then maybe this game isn't for you.Wait for Ace Combat 7 instead if you wanna enjoy a true Ace Combat game."
76561198086525502,Recommended,228400,34904287,Posted: 12 September,all,GhostOfRazgriz,"It's a decent title. With a combined 300 hours on all three platforms since 2011, I can say it's alright. The dogfight mode and the real world scenario is a major turn off for those of us who are fans of the Ace Combat series as a whole. However despite my personal issues with it ""not being true"" to the series as a whole it is a decent arcade flight game. I would recommend this game when it is on sale. However if you plan on playing multiplayer make sure you have some friends who play as the servers are fairly empty."
,Recommended,228400,35042097,Posted: 18 September,all,Azuramothren,"A must grab for any flight combat gamer, especially at it's current price of 5$ at the time of this review. The handling and feel of flying is similar to other ace combat games but as mentioning in other reviews the ""quick time events"" kind of make it feel like they tried to mainstream this game up. Know it's not ace combat 7 (that comes out soon though) and go in with an open mind. I had a lot of fun playing through this on ps3 and this is just an upgraded version."
,Recommended,228400,35040082,Posted: 17 September,all,Kiz_Ov_Deaz,fun
,Recommended,228400,35039306,Posted: 17 September,all,erik.luczak,"My only other experience with the Ace Combat series is 6: Fires of Liberation. This is not even close to as good as that, but if you have an Xbox One controller I would still reccomend this. I immediately gave up on mouse and keyboard. Fun parts, frustrating parts, obvious/predictable storyline, different aircraft types, and satisfying explosions. All of that said, I did get this on sale for $8.24. Recommended if you can get it for the same price. Not worth $32.99."
,Recommended,228400,16764119,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sam,"Ace Combat Assault Horizon is a classic story about good guys destroying bad guys planes. the planes do crash and burn but there is seemingly no collateral damage because youre the good guys. the mechanics in this game are really fun and it's satisfying as all hell to be honest. also, the best quick time event ever is at the end of this game, where you have to press Y to put your fist in the air during a victory celebration. For that I must recommend it."
,Not Recommended,228400,35176621,Posted: 24 September,all,♠Ace's High♠,Nothing like any other ace combat out there and that is not a good thing...
76561198212548197,Recommended,228400,35218466,Posted: 26 September,all,Ms.Starbuckie's,"I like this game very much, its really fun playing it :D"
76561198421657369,Not Recommended,228400,35164275,Posted: 23 September,all,KillJoyLives,weapons physics not at all realistic
76561198147241538,Not Recommended,228400,35397851,Posted: 1 October,all,SeriousPayne,"WORST GAME EVER, CONTROLS ARE A ♥♥♥♥♥, LEVELS ARE BORING AND IN SOME CASES OVERLY REPETITIVE, SOME MISSION ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE, PLEASE SONT BUY THIS GAME, YOU WILL REGRET IT!"
