user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,229580,7797480,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bunyan,An awesome new game that takes an interesting look into something you dont see a lot of games about...dreams. This game will have you stop to look at the beautiful scenery but have you running through some horrors and have you creep and crawl from the nightmares. For an early access game: Dream Delivers! This is definetly gonna be the game I keep my eye on with updates. The graphics and storyline are both fantastic and deliver some top quality gaming for anyone. You'd be a fool not to want to have this game in your Steam library.
,Not Recommended,229580,17326925,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Saluki,"August 4 edit: This review applies to the 1.01 release; the 1.1 release may solve some of these problems. When I have a chance to try it I'll update what's merited.I hate to give this game a negative review since i've been waiting patiently for two years to play it fresh. Unfortunately this game cannot really be evaluated on its artistic merit due to numerous technical issues:- Lots of graphical tearing, despite vsync.- Several menu UI problems, many of them painfully obvious, such as inconsistent highlighting of menu options, confused/incorrect localization options, and even disclaimer text on the remapping menu explaining that it doesn't work correctly (!!)- Several in-game control problems, such as apparently incorrectly labelled keybindings. ""F"", for example, pops a console message, rather than the stated function of ""using"" an object. Small things like the loss of the mouse pointer when using the catacomb computer can be worked around or figured out but are still rather rough for a finished product. Maybe this is just me but when I found an item to pick up and put it my inventory, I had no idea how to find it again. Collision boxes are also rather rough-and-ready.- I had problems with the voice-overs. The initial house section seemed to ""speak"" correctly, but in the desert I was unable to hear any speech, although subtitles appeared from time to time. Even the subtitles had misprinted characters (possibly a localization issue? or related to the localization menu confusion?)Other issues are possible since I stopped playing just after the maze/light puzzles; if patches improve the experience I'll be back to finish it off.On the positive side I found it pretty good-looking and it definitely has an interesting concept, one I've long been awaiting. But despite the long lead time in early access, this game is not really ready for a true release, particularly at this price. If you're interested in purchasing, I would wait a for a few patch cycles to address some of these problems."
,Recommended,229580,1362354,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,orb,"A really nice 1st person adventure.As it's in Early Access (version 0.3.3) at the time this recommendation is written, it contains only 1/3 of the dreams you can explore (if I got right what the devs say) - currently some 5-8 hours of gameplay, and the existing locations, narration (story), and puzzles still get updates, but the final release sometime next year shows promise as one of better exploration puzzle adventure games.UPDATE: As of version 0.4.2.1, there's currently around a half of the game done, with Act II present in the game, yet without it's nightmare dream or story and 1 side dream, and according to developers the story of the Act I is being rewritten. The Act II dream and it's single side dream added for now some additional 2 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,229580,8349730,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,King.Elvis,"First of all, I will give a 9 out of 10 for this game.Before telling how good this game is, I need to tell the bugs I found in the game:1, Don't change resolution during the game or you will stuck by lots of ""nothing"".2, While you're listening to a phone call, you can listen to the end and respond to it. Then, you will find yourself unable to move. Best way to do it without missing anything is to listen and respond to that phone call and wake up. Then, go to sleep again and find portal to get to the phone part again. This time you don't listen to the phone call to the end. You need to try to open the door in order to interrupt that phone call. Then, you shall continue to solve the puzzle.(Hint: the locked door is not a bug.)Ok, let's talk about this game.First, the graphic is awesome. I really enjoy lots of scenes especially when I was playing in the garden part. That sunlight effect is great to me.Second, the music is good. I have to say that I felt the music is too ""musical"" as BGM at the beginning. However, after I did some puzzles in the game, I found out that the music in this game are suitable for atmospheres of different parts and they also don't make you feel bored while you're trying solving puzzles.Third, gameplay is mostly about solving puzzles and exploring. Sometimes it's little bit hard to interract with objects since I could hardly see where I was aiming. However, I didn't find it too hard to do most of tasks.At last, I could almost get the plots of this game and see the connection between dreams and reality. It's not hard to figure out what things in dreams represent and basically you could find that out just by following every single hints, dialogs and sentences on the walls.In conclusion, it's a great game full of puzzles and explorations and IT'S STILL IN ALHPA. I would recommend my friends to try this game. It might not be interesting to everyone, but still with little patience, this could be one great experience during this Christmas, enjoying music, solving puzzles, and getting yourself into a  few-hours trip to different dreams full of memories and imagination."
76561198006171657,Not Recommended,229580,17323100,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Borus,"The game, while intriguing, is no where near finished, and ready for purchase.  Problems with physics and even setting up Controls.  Don't bother."
,Recommended,229580,7758299,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Raijhin,"An absolutely perfect game. I have played it for about an hour and 30 minutes in total. And honestly, the first time I saw ""The smoke"" in one of the mazes I screamed my little baby heart out and took a♥♥♥♥♥♥right in my chair. Yelling ""NOPE. NOPE. NAH SON. NOPENOPENOPENOPE. F***ING RUN HOWARD. RUN YOUR LITTLE BRITISH TEA FILLED HEART OUT."" 20/10 buy this game now. You will have a habit of talking to Howard without knowing it. Be warned."
76561198143855968,Not Recommended,229580,23373154,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Cilantro,"I saw the trailer for this game and I thought it looked amazing. I read some reviews that said the game had bugs and needed a lot of fixes. But I thought:""Nah, this game will just happen to work for me.""The game lagged horribly. I've made little progress and I won't be able to make any more progress unless the developers decide to fix their own game, which it seems like never will.The ideas are fantastic, but the game execution and programming needs to be refurbished."
,Recommended,229580,8980341,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Awesome game, Very tranquil..Just like a place you've never been its easy to get lost. But eventually you'll find your way around. Nightmare was probably my favorite. I hope when they create more dreams/nightmares it will become even more disturbing. its a W.I.P"
,Not Recommended,229580,17354972,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,garlic,"What happened?Seriously, something bad happened to this game between when I last played it in early access and it's release.Previously, the game was beautiful. The ""gameplay"" wasn't to my liking, but I played anyway because the game was just stunning to look at.Now, well...Visual quality has gone way down. LOD pop-in on textures and objects is VERY noticeable. There's very little difference between playing on the video settings maxed out and having them set on the lowest possible settings. Also, no difference in game performance (FPS) between max and min settings.Turning off bloom while looking at an object with bloom results in a bloom ""ghost"" staying on my screen until I changed resolution.Glitches galore! A number of key bindings simply do not work! They have a lengthy writeup in the corner of your bindings menu ""explaining"" what the hell is wrong with it.Dialogue audio played when it felt like it. The subtitles showed that someone was talking, but nothing could be heard.Plant textures in the Guardian Quandry (first place you visit when you dream) were glitched out, as well as the background on the subtitles. See my screenshots for examples.That's as far as I got with the game. I'm sure if I played further, I'll find even more things that were ruined.At least the game was pretty before."
76561198073226784,Recommended,229580,10022716,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,MrB,"I enjoy this game alot, sadly being so paranoid i didnt expect it to have such a high horror aspect and so i cant play much of it without freaking out. Anyone looking for a puzzle / horror game this is the right place, narration is great and the environment will make you feel the game when playing it, worth the pickup"
,Recommended,229580,6237614,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,TheEvilCam,Absolutely brilliant game. Backed it from early Greenlight days and waited a year for an early alpha stage and it was so worth its money. I think this is one of the best games I've played so far! 10/10
,Recommended,229580,20181612,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Please THUMB THIS UP for other people to see:I made a FIX for the controls (both keyboard and controller controls are fixed, follow this thread)http://steamcommunity.com/app/229580/discussions/0/458604254455530274/Beware though: the game has some sections where you need to type stuff....so the controller alone is not enough to play the whole game, you will need a keyboard to type stuff into terminals.TECHNICALS: no problems with vsync, no gamebreaking technical problems. The game runs smooth enough but some maps are just heavy for no reason and I get framerate drops even on a GTX 970. Visually the game is nice and has got some style.GAME ITSELF: Seeing that many bad reviews were not recommending the game because of controls problems....well, I got the game anyway because I knew I would have been able to fix controls or graphical issues. I was wrong, even after fixing everything, the game was working fine, started well enough....it definitely had some good moments and exceptional levels and puzzle BUTAND IT IS A BIG BUT(T):the game does not deliver. The story is extremely simple and you can tell the meaning of the story from the first cutscene. The narration REPEATS itself every single time you complete a level, maybe to remember you the story every time from the beginning. Well, if you are like me and didn't forget anything about the story/narration, you will get stuck in front of the screen waiting for it to develop the story (because 90% of it, you already heard).Don't pay more than 3 euros for this. I would recommend it because we don't have many walking simulators, the game was nice enough although surely not a masterpiece, some puzzles were extremely entertaining, some other were making me fall asleep. I have to say though that the developer never bothered replying on the forum, everybody was complaining about the controls, I was just lucky to be able to edit the config files and fix them. The subtitles show grammar, spelling and syntax mistakes. This should not happen, if a developer invested enough time in the game development.P.S. I played basically every other walking simulator out there.....I like the kind of game, I would put a neutral review for this if it were possible. Just be sure not to pay too much for this one, and don't expect a masterpiece. Simply, Ether One or Gone Home or whatever, they are on a total different level in both visual quality, narration and plot. This one still deserves a chance though."
,Recommended,229580,9973420,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,hmm ???,i thought this game would be fun when i was high. it is.
,Recommended,229580,12329462,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kevin Smith Huge Jorts,"This game in one word:FANTASTIC.Dream is more than a game; it is a work of art. That being said, this isn't like those other art games where absolutely nothing happens which makes this game so much more special. This game is smart in its use of puzzles, horror, music, and atmosphere. I have no regrets paying full price for this masterpiece that is still in early access.EDIT: In full release, this game is still fantastic. Well done to the developers!"
76561198010608791,Recommended,229580,14657068,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SeriousStrelok,"Currently I am experiencing some kind of crash with the latest update so will enlighten on how I felt about the game last I played it (last review is deleted). For a while I loved DREAM and it still is a great game. Good enough that I still recommend it. The premise is a fantastic and unusual one for a video game: Lucid Dreaming. As a result this opens so many doors to how creative and fun the game can be. For its already existing good points, DREAM is filled with quality. The environments are stunningly detailed and beautiful and even more enjoyable to explore given the non-linear design of the game. Puzzles are varied and at times really challenging to accomplish. As you wander in Howard's dreamland your ears are bombarded with some beautiful and appropriate music. Added together, these things highlight significant promise for the developers' ambition. Overall, I commend them for taking a brave turn in development in this unique setting.HOWEVER, there are a few negative points that really need addressing:- I must be honest with the story. It's really not as good as it could have been. Though the premise is fitting enough, as it focuses on a lonely young man whose life seems futile and non-progressive, and depends on the ability to lucid dream in order to find reason to live. And that simplicity is completely OK if it can be executed well. You'd think it could given that it focuses on the psychological/dream world which opens the ability to produce so much depth and surreal interpretation for an otherwise basic plot. Unfortunately it doesn't utilize that potential. I know it's an indie game made by a very small and inexperienced team, but it still would have been nice to have more in the way of mystery and reason that is not all that well-developed. Things might change in the final release once the (various) endings become available but until then, I can't laud the story too much.- Though it is an early access game, the controls are really terrible. It's easy to get stuck in weird places and it makes some of the already challenging puzzles even harder to accomplish. For the setting of an inner subconscious world I would expect one to feel more ""free"" in their experience and gameplay. I would have forgiven the clunky feel if the game still took some advantage of ""freedom"" like adding some flying sections (a large domain of lucid dreaming) instead of constantly walking/running around and doing too many physically basic 'waking life' routines. Additionally, the nightmares are a bit lacking. Though they have good atmosphere and some appropriately bizarre design they just feel more like anxious thoughts than actual *nightmares*. There is no danger to the player and they always take place in the same area which wouldn't be a problem were there more variation in added environmental designs. Given that the nightmares are the major point in the game's storytelling they don't provide nearly as much sense of horror and progression as I would have liked.I applaud the team for tackling a project like this, particularly as their very first! And the game is still worth buying if you wish to support the game and developers. As excited as I am that there's a game that takes on the subject of lucid dreaming with a very ambitious focus, its current form makes it difficult for me to give a high rating for the time being (higher than 7/10). I'm sure my review will change as the game further improves. In fact, I still encourage you to get it if you are interested as it's full of potential! Just for the time being it hasn't quite reached it yet.72/100"
,Not Recommended,229580,17340640,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Trivvy™,"A game that showed much promise in Early Access, and should still BE in Early Access due to the incredibly buggy state the game is in. This is in no way a ""1.0"" full release, and is more of a beta, as a lot of the bugs could easily have been picked up by some simple play testing done by the developers.Once the game is very thoroughly patched with all of the bugs obliterated would I call this a full release. I will change this review when such patches are made.List of bugs I've found are here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/229580/discussions/1/541907867748380437/"
76561197998178631,Not Recommended,229580,28826919,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AtOnYcK,"I truly wish I could leave a RECOMMENDED review, but I just can’t. Do not buy this game for full price, and only carefully consider it with a big discount.Biggest YEPS:- The graphics and general level design are really pretty to look at and wander through.- Beautiful music, very fitting for the surroundings!- Some puzzles were beautifully designed, making solving them very satisfying.Biggest NOPES:- You have to take itslooowlywith this game, because it doesn’t allow you to rush through any of it. Want to grab a map? Let me build it up atom by atom. Want to run around the house? A shame, best I can do is this walking-through-a-meter-of-honey pace. You redid a section? Well that’s lovely, listen to this 5 minute unskippable dialogue again, since you enjoyed it so much the first time.- Quite often tedious puzzles, some of which broken, so a restart of the game was necessary a couple of times in my case.More pro’s:- I liked the way we got to learn more and more about the main characters, giving the player little snippets here and there, ending it all with a nice message.- The Nightmare sections do feel very much like a nightmare and are most unsettling.More cons:- Not having any clue on where to go, what to collect and how to solve certain sections.- Dull voice overs and lots of cheap typo’s in the subtitles, or that the things that were said deviated from the subtitles.- The game doesn’t tell you any of the buttons. FYI: Shift is sprint in the dreamworld, and mouse scroll is switching between collected items, use them with the key F, and using the alarm clock wakes you up.- Weird character collision. (so I can glitch through the washing machine, but I can’t fit through that 4 feet wide gap?)- I wrongfully received the Runner achievement. Perhaps because I explored all of the mazes before I finishing my first one safely.- *Looks at Global Achievements* Only 12.6% finished act one, 4.3% finished act two, 2,5% finished act three and even less people finished the game. That says enough.Again, I really tried to like this game! But just too many things bothered me to make it anenjoyableexperience. Finished the game with a 'moderate' ending. All fine by me, I'm not putting in any more hours to find all the collectable stuff; merely finishing it is tedious enough."
,Not Recommended,229580,28425764,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,robbeshens,devs disappeared - dont buy.
,Not Recommended,229580,23349376,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nitzer,"I was really excited to play this game - I've had it in my library for a little while and I finally had the time to try playing it recently. Unfortunately I can't even finish the first dream because of either game-breaking bugs or motion sickness..Before I even got into a dream I got stuck in a bug where I couldn't put down a painting. Just restarted the game and moved on. A couple more bugs and the relaxing pace of the game turned into confusion and frustration.Once I did get into the dream I found that the twisting halls of the catacombs and the blurring effects of the dream's desert environment were giving me headaches and making me nausious.On top of that the gameplay and narration is sub-par as well..-The narration is uninspired and sometimes seems hokey the way the protagonist talks to himself-The dream itself seemed really gimmicky - like what people try to tell you dreams are like (with random objects from your real life in random places / for some reason you're alone the whole time [from the dream I experienced]) instead of actually creating a setting that better represents how dream worlds might actually be like..-The puzzles and dream details are arbitrary and solving them makes no real connection to the character's ""journey""-Small details like your bare feet making shoe clicking sounds on sand (and hard surfaces too), and your entire body moving in a mirror's reflection when you simply turn your head are just a few of those minor details that can really throw your opinion about the game - even though those things are none too important in the grand scheme of things. (The shoe sounds with bare feet really struck a nerve with me for some reason though :P)I haven't been able to put more time into this game to experience a nightmare or finish the game - I wish I could at least try. I just can't get past the sickness from playing the game, let alone the bugs that break the game and/or force you to redo tasks you've already done. If I somehow get the courage and maybe take a pill for motion sickness and play the rest of this game I might edit my review, but I doubt it would turn into a recommendation. A disappointment."
76561198050702663,Recommended,229580,13269430,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Riff666Master,"As a lucid dreamer myself, I had a special interest in this game. I hoped it to be very weird, hard and mentally satisfying. It was those 3 things and ever more! The word mindf*ck is a great one to describe this game : -) in short.Graphics aren’t that good, but the gameplay makes up for that ten times over. And as a musician I am also very interested in the sounds and music. The music was great, but it could have been a bit more weird or experimental in my opinion, but still not a bad job! The sounds and FX are great! You really get sucked into it from time to time.The story is also cool, but I won’t spoil anything by telling too much here ; ) If you like puzzles, weirdness and non-traditional gameplay? Buy it! It’s way worth the money, and since it’s still in development, it will keep surprising you!Have fun!"
,Recommended,229580,12296430,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ye like Jazz?,"What more to say about worlds constructed out of one's psyche. Beautiful and often times distant worlds emerge from this game, some, beautiful, others frightening. With a soundtrack that is absolutely alluring and visual eye candy with every step, this game is definitely worth the price, and its worth is only growing with time. The puzzles are also engaging as you try to open up new path ways into howards mind, but those don't come easily, and these puzzles will provide a challenge for most. (difficulty of puzzles will vary)All in all it's a pretty good game."
,Not Recommended,229580,8321161,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Muffins,"I urge you to wait until release, the game is quite short and is fairly limited in it's content. The content that's there, is fairly neat, but Dream feels very incomplete at this stage.I was also put off a little bit by the claimed lucid dreaming theme, which isn't really all that well implemented. Some features of the game, such as the collecting of scraps from a dream interpretation book, make no sense within the context of lucid dreaming.Dream has potential to be something interesting, but I'd suggest you wait until the narrative and structure are more cohesive and filled out."
,Recommended,229580,7917278,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vividness,"Still only in its alpha, this game has amazed me. It is really unique and different and it caught my attention. There are puzzles and horror elements, but I wouldn't call it a horror game - the horror elements mainly occur in the nightmares, which are separate ""missions"", if you will. Other dreams are peaceful and quite beautiful. What I like about the visuals is the weather effects - walking in a snowy terrain for example feels very real and detailed. That being said, the textures of the different objects aren't really high definition, so don't expect it to look like Skyrim.However, it's the mysterious nature of things that really gets to you and makes able to immerse yourself in the world and story.Really looking forward to see how this game goes on as it doesn't have that much content right now (although having played for 4 hours, I still haven't played through all of it yet). Created by an indie games studio consisting of three people, I hope these guys get the support they need to maximise the potential of this game. And that's why I could be bothered to write this detailed a review in the first place.. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,229580,12832970,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Wolfbite,"I always thought I hated walking sims. I hated the fact that barely anything is happening and felt so bored until I quit. Don't worry because Dream is not that at all. It may be a walking sim buts it's varied. Its not the boring Island of Dear Esther or the slightly more colourful boring island in Proteus. I have always loved the idea of a game built around dreams and this completely delivers. I also loved the narration giving me a real sense of progression and the simple exploration Dream is built around. I don't care if this is in early access, I love this game."
,Recommended,229580,8555327,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"This is a rather interesting game.  You basically play as this guy who sleeps and then has these dreams about things along with possible nightmares as well.  This is not a scary game, although there may or may not be a moment where something is watching you ;) but it's more of a ""deeper meaning"" type of game.   One of the neat aspects of it, is the level of detail in terms of explaining what does it mean when you see certain things in a dream, like what does it mean if you see snow, or a desert, or candle, or even caves.   I have a very very basic knowledge about psychology and I can say that a few of the things used in here describing the meaning of a dream, are accurate, but others, I can't say since I did not go that far into it in college.Overall, this game is really unique and a fun casual game to play.  The developer is still active with the community and has updated it with minor things, and even updates based off the holiday, which is cool.   I think there is still a good amount of work that can be done to add to the game and there were a few minor issues with lag during the part where there is snow.   Also, it can be really easy to get lost and not know what to do next, which is where I am at, and with little wlakthroughs online, it's difficult.   I say get this if you enjoy casual games that have deep meanings behind it and enjoy learning and exploring the science behind what is a Dream."
,Not Recommended,229580,22906341,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dravvad,"One of the only games I've gotten via Early Access just because of how interesting it seemed. And of course, it had to let me down.I understand the premise - I mean, come on, the title - the game is meant to be a collection of off-the-wall areas to explore that escape reality due to your character dreaming. However, the developers seemed to take that premise and pretty much stop there. They ran as far as they could with making it generic odd dreams (and nightmares). In each dream, you find these scrolls which attempt to explain certain dream symbols and meanings, but most of the time they are just very generic meanings (and sometimes they talk about multiple meanings) and do not actually attempt to explain anything relative to your character or the game itself. They are literally as if you had just gone searching the web for dream object meanings, which of course vary all over the place and aren't exactly solidified.So there is not really much of a story to the game; not much connects together. It's simply the randomness thrown together. You explore places that are basically just meant to say ""Hey, the character feels lost or bored or confused!"" Nothing is really sensible nor do things link together much. You find a handful of items throughout the dreams but they are entirely useless - you do almost nothing with them. The scrolls are mentioned above. And besides that, you wander around and then solve puzzles.Now, when it comes to those puzzles, they are all also very boring and nothing exactly fun or interesting to work through. For instance, the entire first dream can be completed very quickly if you stumble upon the mazes and just waltz around in them in a bored manner. You get chased after by some weird mist-like manifestions, but all they do is transport you outside of the mazes and have you go back in. So you just keep running around until you trigger a bunch of lights to turn off - and you repeat for 4 mazes. Once done, the dream is technically over and you can leave. For the second dream, the puzzles there are scattered, like the difficult-to-see laser tile puzzle, or the planet puzzle, but still nothing really fun. Essentially, all of the puzzles are very tedious and boring.The dreams themselves are also nothing that special really. Graphics-wise, they definitely look really nice in many places, and at first they seem like something interesting to go through (I mean, I got the game based on the looks and general premise mainly - to explore!), but then you realize that there isn't much to them. Same generic areas but with slightly different objects, mainly used to lay things out like the scrolls. Now, there are side dreams that you can actually go into, but for the most part, these are also lackluster. For instance, the roller coaster dream is literally nothing at all. There's one that is like M.C. Escher with stairs that would've probably been way more interesting if you could have changed the gravity/orientation and walked up stairs in different angles. But instead, you just remain on the floor and tediously search for openings in the walls and climb up the highest stairs possible, ignoring nearly everything else in the rooms.Essentially, most of the dream world is simply boring to go through, even if you try to relax by just wandering. And as said above, while there are some nice graphics in the game, there are also a lot of places where the game simply drops that and turns them into blocky white areas or places that are just bleak, dull, and some single color without actual atmosphere.Relative to the style of the game, there's also the sound and music, which is alright. Some areas do have some nice music that partially plays, but there are also some that have a lot of annoying noise or quietness (which does not really emit any emotion). You also have the character narrating the game, which actually ended up bothering me a lot, and I did not expect that happening at all. He just says completely random things, or will read text that pops up out of nowhere in the dreams, so his talking serves almost no purpose.Then you have what a lot of people seem to complain about: bugs/glitches. The performance of the game definitely isn't the best, as I had a lot of lag when I really shouldn't have. Your motion can sometimes noclip through things, and certain places (e.g., the roller coaster mentioned earlier) bounce through objects in unsensible ways. In terms of actual bugs with the gameplay, I encountered some, but not as many as others. I had the computer in the first dream glitch out and freeze up, and I had certain puzzles not mark themselves as complete despite really being finished. Some other random issues here and there occurred, and sometimes I had to exit and restart, but the game didn't entirely prevent me from continuing like has happened for some others.Even worse, the developers seem to have disappeared and not bothered to do any more work, which many customers are complaining about.All in all, a lot of things just seemed rather clumsy. The developers seriously took advantage of the ""dream"" premise itself - way more than they should have - and used it as a reason to just create a random, jumbled mess. The general idea is for a lot of it to have meaning and distinct symbolism, which they only threw around in pieces to seem like they were doing something. There's some very slight context here, but not developed in any way.A big letdown."
,Not Recommended,229580,23673849,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spzi,If the developers actually bothered to fix this game I would bother giving this game a positive review.
76561198121708869,Recommended,229580,17024705,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Andr00d,"Dream is an amazing game. even though it's in alpha and bugs can still be found. the experience of playing it easily makes up for that.the music is relaxing and fits the theme, and the areas you walk around in are amazingl to see.to whoever questions to buy this game: if you don't like games in alpha: don't buy it, but if you like playing games with a beautiful puzzles and settings, go ahead!"
76561198036301755,Not Recommended,229580,32387330,Posted: 13 June,all,416,"I changed my bindings, but apparently unless it's Default settings, you can't walk backwards. Sure, I could have AHKed it, but this game didn't seem worth the effort with all the awkward movement.If that's not a sign of a dev who doesn't give a crap, I don't know what is.If you want a really great ""Dream"" based adventure, go with ""The Dream Machine""."
76561198086423177,Recommended,229580,7955580,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,aidedbat1,I was surprised at the difficulty of some of these puzzles. All and all it's a fairly stunning game.
,Recommended,229580,27829682,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rennles,"I see a lot of mixed reviews for this game, and while I don't normally leave reviews, I felt I would make an exception for this one as it has made its way to the top of my list of favorites. I purchased this game in its very early stages where not much was complete yet what WAS complete managed to make me very interested with finding out what would be added later on. I was very much drawn in by the narration and the plot, but the overall atmosphere is what lured me and made me stay. The music in the game is exceptional and adds to the dream-like ambiance. I'm not hugely fond of puzzle games, but I was determined to finish each one so that I could move on to another dream because I was particularly interested in seeing what was in this dude's head. Not to say there weren't any downsides to the game. Some of the puzzles I'd be stuck on for longer than I would have liked and would get bored with them. It was still, however, a nice relaxing atmosphere (most of the time..not nightmare mode, that scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me) and it wasn't a frustration that would cause me to throw my keyboard at the wall or something. Overall a really great game with great music, atmosphere, and plot with just enough puzzles thrown in to make it somewhat challenging."
,Not Recommended,229580,23803315,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Hounds of Justice,"I really want to recommend this game, but I can't. It's very buggy, it doesn't run well at all, and some mechanics (mostly the movement) are very clunky.The puzzles are decent, the visuals are great, and the story is intriguing. At it's core, it's a really solid game that's held back by it's technical problems. I bought this game shortly after it began Early Access and I've watched the devs add a ton of content, but completely ignore the performance and bugs.It feels like it was way too ambitious of a project for a small Indie team. I hope they've learned from this game and I'll definitely keep an eye on whatever they do next."
,Recommended,229580,8365402,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BEP,"Very interesting game in wich you explore Howard's dreams trying to find 'something useful' there all the time. At first i was amazed by the really cool graphics and the scripting which is done good (no strain on your machine , thus you could play it with lesser pontent PCs). I had fun exploring and sightseeing , but i began to wonder , hey this is supposed to be a puzzle game too ,   and was starting to doubt my purchase (actualy time of purchase , because i knew it's gonna get better and only alpha now) , but then when the smoke part comes it all gets a purpose and its very chalenging and enternaining further on , i wont spoil anything new for you , just buy it , it deserves it.But i suggest getting it at 33/50/% sale going on , because whilst it is entertaining and cool from various aspects , it is still in alpha and you would feel even better that you did not spend 10 euros and only 5/7.5 euros for it.Anyway , when it will be full release if they do it properly as they are planing to , this will be worth in my opinion 20-25 euros."
76561198043882225,Recommended,229580,8132969,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TheLetterMilk,"An excellant idea for a game that plays out very nice. The levels and puzzles are fun and exciting to complete and keep you wanting to play more. Although, the game does have some glitches and bugs, but that comes with early access, this game has a ton of potential and I can't wait for it come out with more content!"
,Recommended,229580,12484378,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Luigi,"Although it's a work in progress, this game is absolutely amazing. The visuals are great, and the story (learning about the main character himself) is fascinating. It made me keep a dream journal so I can start lucid dreaming. I can't wait til all the Acts are finished!"
,Recommended,229580,10065880,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Clue ❧,"Totaly can recommend this game. Not only does it have beautiful scenery and nice soundtracks, but also knows how to give you chills. Both the beautiful and scary ways. My opinion? Totaly worth it and cant wait to play more of it."
,Recommended,229580,12988040,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,misstwister,"Dream is a wonderful game and has been very enjoyable for me to play. It may still be in Early Access, but it has a lot of potential. I did run into some minor problems with walking through doors and stairs, as well as the puzzle mechanics in one section of the game, but nothing to ruin playability. I love the puzzles, they're clever but simple enough to figure out, and especially in the Nightmare sequences they work very well. The graphics are stunning and the variety of places to explore trange from immensly beautiful to a little bit creepy; overall, the environment is excellent. My favorite thing about Dream is it's soundtrack - it's whimsical and at times a little melancholy, but fits with the theme of the game very well. I cannot wait for the full game to be released!"
,Not Recommended,229580,9349215,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Wungus Bringleton,"As beautiful and atmospheric as it may be, Dream is not a very good game. It tries desperately hard to be deep and metaphorical, but, like many other forms of the artistic medium of this type, it comes across as self-indulgent and pretentious. The metaphor(s) of each dreams is far too blatantly obvious, and the real life stages are too few and far between. The narrative of the protagonist is also unrealistic and occasionally laughable. I do recognize that this game is in alpha stage, and the developers recognize that its flawed. They're going to have to do a lot of work to make this good, however."
,Not Recommended,229580,20241674,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jippalippa,"I know i shouldn't judge a game before finishing it, but this game made me want to stop playing it after a very short time and that's enough to not recommend it.I love experimental titles, specially if dealing with subconcious, dreams, surreal landscapes and stuff like that. but this game, despite the nice trailer, falls short of all the important things.This game is unfocused, and hasn't got any sense of direction.You end up navigating vast maps which don't feature any noteworthy visual elements, trying to go into the right direction but failing most of the time; i found myself going around in the same area for half an hour without finding the right path to follow, and that was just annoying.The other problem with the title is that, unlike other games which only focus on the environments and the player's sensations, this game tries to implement some sort of ""logical gameplay"", making the whole experience insanely frustrating, making you say ""What....still not finished?"" many times...way too many to have a good time.The real issue with this game, though, is that it simply misses the mark.The current market is filled with ""dreamy"" experimental titles which actually stimulate thought and communicate with the player's sub-conscious.Journey, Neassance, Rememored, Flower, Nevermind, The Beginner's Guide are succesful example of that approach done right, while DREAM just feels like a newcomer with no skills trying to fit into a market it doesn't know well; instead it tries to lure the masses in with the overused stereotype of the ""Introvert guy with social anxiety who battles with his self-esteem"", without making it interesting.For something that really speaks to the sub-conscious in an engaging way i'd strongly recommend ""The Beginner's Guide"" (From the author of ""The Stanley Parable"").Last downside of DREAM is the fact it's unpolished. You occasionally glitch out, the ambient occlusion is too strong (making the visuals worse) and some effects and animations are missing.This game was a real let-down. If you like good games belonging to this ""genre"" you can check the titles i've mentioned above."
76561198063135639,Recommended,229580,8134394,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tiger's_Eye_,I love this game but it's a little graphics heavy and lags badly. and i have a pretty nice computer. But none the less its a very innovative game and i love the concept. P.S. love the british/english accent! :D
,Recommended,229580,12361272,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Z/3 Bamse Dunder Honung,"Dreamis the greatest game I own, I don't play it allot but when I actually do play it I enjoy every second of it. The game is so relaxing and it's like you're actually there inside the game. The voice on the narrator is also really relaxing and so smooth.I really look forward to the next update and I give this game a 9/10 which should give you an imagination of how good it will be when the game is completely ready."
,Recommended,229580,17409888,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Seabass (The Human),"Dream is just that, a dream. It's a very deep and immersive experience. I had a blast with this game and enjoyed every bit of it.My complaint is that the game doesn't feel finished. I can't quite put my finger on it but something just feels empty, of course it's a game about being in your Dreams so I can't really complain about it feeling empty. There are not a whole lot of bugs that I have experience personally but keep an eye on the Steam announcements."
,Not Recommended,229580,17800728,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Zuetamiush,"Bought this when it was still on Early Access, but launched after the game was finally released and patched from bugs. The best thing in this game - MUSIC. Sad to say, Dream was a big dissapointment for me. Explorating the dreams and finding hidden paper notes with real meanings of them was quite exciting, but after a while I found myself annoyed and tired of walking and solving weird puzzles...not because puzzles here are too hard for me, they just lack of something that would made me stay with this game for longer. Maybe I will comeback to this later and change my opinion, for now it's just a annoying exploration game. And I really like exploration/adventure games."
,Recommended,229580,10040729,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Cordyceps (Necros),Very fun game i love dreams and this caught me off gaurd cant wait for more!
,Not Recommended,229580,17156058,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Urisk,"Now that the game is only ten days away from its release I feel like I have to post a review just to communicate one vital piece of information that the developer of Dream fails to communicate to present and future customers:This game is listed as having ""VR Support"" - it does have the corresponding entry in the feature list.However this game only supports the Oculus Rift DK1. The official position of the developer is, that they will implement support for newer VR headmounted displays as soon as the engine they are using gets updated ... and that's the problem: This game was made in UDK. Epic, the developer of UDK, clearly stated that UDK won't get any updates EVER again. The developer of Dream knows this and is thus, by not removing the ""VR Support"" entry from the feature list, deliberately deceptive.The only positive thing that 'can' be said in this regard is, that the thread where I wrote about this problem months ago was not deleted or locked and I wasn't banned from the forums. So in some minimal regard they are better than some other developers of UDK games, who formerly planned to implement VR support, still want to use it as a selling point and actively suppress any statement of the impossibility of such VR support ever being implemented on their forums.For me however the fact that the VR support tag remains combined with the genre of this game (releasing a 1st person exploration game in this day and age means, that VR support is practically mendatory) is enough to not recommend Dream, as much as I'd like to give it a positive rating, since it 'seems' to be a nice game. I however cannot bring myself to play such a game on a normal monitor anymore."
76561198127789083,Recommended,229580,14969794,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fisto,"I liked parts of this game but I felt like it was missing something. I can't exactly put my finger on it. Maybe it's the puzzles which can be kind of ""ehh"" at times. Or it might be the fact I wasn't really sure what to do. I felt like I was just wandering around and would end up at a dead end or back where I started. Of course the game isn't done, so they could fill in the empty space which this game has a lot of.Some levels are cool like when it suddenly turns into a horror game and you're put into this creepy enviorment inside your house, but then there's levels like the huge buisness building with the pipes all around where there's just nothing to do but walk around and find the end. It is possible it was a bug and I wasn't supposed to be there.Overall the game has potential to be really good. The developers just need to kind of smooth out the edges in terms of fun or interesting gameplay. I haven't been able to beat the game because of a game breaking bug where I'm trapped, so this review isn't from the most experienced person."
,Recommended,229580,4712286,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,MacroPower,"Wow, this game is really something. It's stunning, really.The music is very good and fitting, and the graphics are beautiful. The narration looks like it *could* turn into something great, but there is still a lot of work to be done.Dream has a lot of problems, but I can definitely see great potential. I highly suggest you buy this to support its development! If you're not into the whole early access thing, just wait a while to play the game.I'll probably post another, more in-depth review when the game actually comes out."
,Recommended,229580,9113907,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Cl0wn,"Beautiful Game, runs smoothly.Amazing graphics, nice soundtrack.Not reccomended to be ran on a laptop, as bringing my external over to a friends and playing this had abismal performance, but on my desktop, this game runs beautifully at max graphics.Cons:- You dont really know where you are going at the beginning of the game, but you eventually learn. Some puzzles (eg, the graveyard) could be improved on with a breif  statement of what to do. (Without giving it away)-Running seems to glitch occasionally-Too pretty"
76561198075794968,Recommended,229580,9095751,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Good Christian Boy,Has one of the best soundtracks that i've found in a game.
,Recommended,229580,12069251,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Seshy Bucket,"Dream is a really unusual game, one that was on my gaming bucketlist since I first saw it.As of now it is really underdeveloped, obviously because of the fact its still ♥♥♥♥ing 0.4! BUT this can make it harder to enjoy. But, if you want something deep, unusual and unpredictable - Pick this up.7/10"
,Recommended,229580,19205056,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,danielsrow,"This game is so good. It's so relaxing to play and the graphics are so nice, some bugs maybe here and there. When the game comes to the ''scary'' parts, like the nightmares, they really deliver. Its eerie and it feels like something is everywhere around you when you play. Just like scary should be.This game all in all is about 7/10."
76561197976782461,Not Recommended,229580,20077439,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Communist Hamster,"I like walking simulators, but Dream is technically shonky (eg, going up stairs results in a camera ""jump"" with each step, instead of a smooth movement) and padded out with loads of repetitive content (4 maze puzzles, really?). The story, such as there is, is not very interesting."
,Recommended,229580,8334473,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Magical☆Melody,"My only issue with this game as of latest patch is that the game feels a bit stuttery, to the point where playing it made me feel physically ill.  This is the only game I've had this problem with since Half Life 1.Hope the graphics get optimised and frame rates polished, this'll be great if that gets worked on more :)"
76561198080227769,Recommended,229580,8872089,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Cybbes,Have recently begun playing this game and I am already really impressed :) The puzzle and exploration aspects are really unique and have surprising twists :D Would recommend to anyone you likes game genres such as Dear Esther for example..I'm also quite proud to discover that it was created in my own University's game design course!
,Recommended,229580,9074267,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gregg Rulz OK,"Dream is one of those games where you can get lost in the music while you explore its breathtaking environment. The puzzles are actually thought provoking instead of mindlessly easy, and are fun to do. The game is overall well made, and I am ready for the later additions to it. The only thing I would really enjoy if they added would be a purchasable soundtrack, or a free one... that would work too."
,Recommended,229580,10039297,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,猫さん,I'm really looking forward to this games completion!I love the idea of exploring your dreams and attempting to interpret them.It has little pieces of paper that tell you what certain settings or objects mean if youdream about them and I think that's pretty neat.Visually pleasing and the soundtrack is great!Great mix of adventure and mild horror (they create a nice eerie setting)
76561198072639639,Recommended,229580,10471919,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Nice Stalker,"When i saw this game, it was on sale for 5 euros, so i've bought it. I had to play it for hours to figure it out, it is not a game, it is a feeling, and an athmosphere which is fantastic."
,Recommended,229580,8418004,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"Dream is a first-person exploration game that is in it's very, VERY early Alpha stages and as such it is hardly playable. Since the story of Dream is still a work in progress, I'll overlook it and describe the aspects of the game that I was capable of gathering in my sporadic attempts to play the game for more than a 10 minute period.Dream has extraordinary graphics complements of Unreal 3, which makes Dream just wonderful to look at and is complemented by an absolutely breath taking soundtrack. Because of this; Dream is very appealing to the visual and auditory senses and creates such an attractive potential for a spectacular experience. From what I could gather in the tragically short amount of time the games current build was willing to yield to me, you explore the dreams of the protagonist which begin in a central hub of his inner mind, travelling to different dreams through gateways which always crashes for me whenever I attempted to enter.Aside from the crashes, Dream also needs work in multiple other areas as well. The afformentioned hub is difficult to navigate on account of it's monotonous white colors and lack of shading, being just short of a solid white screen.The main menu also lacks control binding, which is relatively minor in an exploration game like Dream but is just something I personally prefer to glimpse at and tweak with prior to playing.So while Dream has such amazing potential, it's current Alpha build isn't exactly in a very fit state to be sold and I'm honestly curious as to why the developers released it as it is (I am very skeptical of the applications for Steam's Early Access program).If you're interested in picking up Dream, I suggest you simply keep it on your watchlist until it is complete."
76561198099935200,Recommended,229580,9892248,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,DarkSpace,Amazing Indie Game10/10
,Recommended,229580,8710072,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Humpedfungus,Absolutly beautiful game
,Recommended,229580,24058898,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Robin Zombie,"I see all of these negative reviews and I don't understand. I had a great experience with this game. No lag, no bugs, even played when it was in early access and had no problems. I loved the puzzles and the different worlds. One of the coolest games I've played. Want to find some more games like this.One thing I wish is that it was longer. I was furious when I finished the game because it was so short. It's a bit expensive for how short the game is to me. If it were longer it would have been worth what I paid.Overall the game was great, 4/5 stars."
,Recommended,229580,12227967,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Nex,This game is amazing! The graphics are remarkably detailed. It's a pleasure to even simply examine objects up close. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploring their surroundings! :)
,Recommended,229580,24600600,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,koral06,"Dream is about a man who has taken over his late Uncle's house and starts to have dreams that lead to puzzles and mazes. With each puzzle/maze solved you learn more about the main character and his past history with his uncle. While it is a walking simulator it also has more substinance than just visual effects. Similar to Gone Home, but with more puzzles, it captures a story of struggles and life in general.Some of the puzzles themselves were difficult, and there was an underlying question if I was dreaming at times or not. I didn't unlock every single acheivement as I got lost, as I believe there was more than multiple outcomes. I unlocked the ""good"" outcome, so I guess that worked out for me. In time I would love to play it again and see what other outcomes are available. I loved the gameplay, puzzles, and storyline."
,Recommended,229580,8330512,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AvatarIII,"This game is a pretty awesome First Person Puzzler, every puzzle is different, although many involve switching switches, and rewards exploration, each dream is completely different and beautiful.  It's also pretty stable for an alpha. My only complaints are audio related, (the player character's monologue is quiet and slightly mumbled, I don't know if it is planned to be remastered or rerecorded), I totally recommend it though."
76561197996124118,Recommended,229580,16301275,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bloopy,"Quite a pleasure to play; mostly relaxing, occasionally creepy and always puzzling. Being so alone in the game it is a bit unnerving at times but still a game anyone can play with very little to offend. A lot of thought was put into the gameplay, lighting and puzzles. I find the music perfectly complimenting to the varying environments and non repetitive it really enhances the experience. If you are an active or highly imaginative dreamer.. this game is worth chekcing out."
76561198009453773,Not Recommended,229580,31848531,Posted: 19 May,all,Retro Gorilla,Wasnt that good of a game in the first place. And now it has been abandoned by the devs.
,Not Recommended,229580,15203239,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MrBalin,"Do NOT buy this game at least until it is finished.  I encountered a bug even before I began a new game.  The entire first level is walking around 3 different mazes accomplishing the same task, if that's your idea of fun, try Talos Principle. After that, you're back at the house and then trapped in a living room with an answering machine. BUG HERE, if you touch anything with an audiosource, the answering machine stops playing and your stuck. yay.Developers: If you're going to sell a game that's in Beta, be kind enough to playtest and get all the bugs out of the early release version, while you work on the REAL game.I'm out 16$ for a game I played 10 minutes before I gave up."
,Recommended,229580,8388041,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wet boi,This game suprised me with the visuals (thx unreal) and i enjoyed game play as well as almost(ok maybe alittle)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself during a nightmare  the overall mood of the game justifies the price
76561197984506558,Recommended,229580,8616897,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Bru the Husky,This has been a really good play through. Love the music and atmosphere can not recomend this game enough.
76561198037645022,Recommended,229580,8686714,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,imrathan,It's a game about dreams 10/10. And it is not yet finished so far I have to say it's great and can't wait for the final realease :D
,Recommended,229580,8403316,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,drewlark,"I havn't played much of this game but so far every aspect of it has been great. The levels are created with care and thought and are in fact very dreamlike. I highly recommend this game simply because its just a good game, it is the empitome of adventure and exploration genres."
,Recommended,229580,8893547,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sylvzz,"I bought this game in the Halloween of 2013, during Early Acess period. Oct. 31 is my bday, and buying this during the sale was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good decision. First of all, i congratulate the developers. They launched the game a few days ago, after some years of developing, and they did a fantastic job. They listened to the community and didnt abandon the game, fixing bugs and hearing suggestions, unlike many other Early Acess developers did in their projects. Dream is a game unlike any other. You can relate to other games, of course, like Gone Home or Dear Esther, but Dream has that factor that makes the game rather unique. I dont know if its the atmosphere, the story or even the soundtrack, this game nails it. The puzzles can be quite hard without a guide, which can be frustrating but rewarding. There are lots of things you can explore in the game, if you enjoy exploring, you will love this game. I wont spoil the story, but i can guarantee its nice. The graphics are excellent.I really enjoyed playing Dream during Early Acess, and now that the game is officialy launched, im ready to play all over again and enjoy this beautiful experience."
,Recommended,229580,9812859,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Tactless Hog,"Most relaxing game I've played, and the soundtrack's great."
76561198051891724,Recommended,229580,9380452,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Mickel,"Breath taking, just the music was worth buying the game."
76561198041011528,Recommended,229580,8538614,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TopHam,best game i got from the winter sale!!!!
,Recommended,229580,9252810,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hyperdragon,Excellent creative game! 10/10
76561198059507588,Recommended,229580,7857991,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,zzxalfonsoxzz,The graphics are beautiful.
,Recommended,229580,9862524,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Bumba,Great game!
,Recommended,229580,9047113,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,[Aethoriago],"the storyline and graphics in this game are beutiful. also, the exploration enigne allows you to do WHATEVER you want in this game. it is a must get!!!"
76561198043519820,Recommended,229580,8403751,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jimdwai313,"If you like using flashlights under water, and not drowning. Then this game is a Win-Win."
,Recommended,229580,15843182,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,hell yeah
,Recommended,229580,14794098,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,NagsterTheGangster,Acid + Dream = GoodAcid + Nightmare level = BadWould make same mistake twice and nightmare out again.10/10
76561198115701400,Recommended,229580,16006637,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"I totally loved this game.  Seriously, it is everything I love in the casual, exploratory genre.  Beautiful graphics, puzzles to solve that are not super hard, but also not obvious. The music is decent and relaxing.  Nightmare music is creepy in a Stephen King way, but even the nightmares can not be classified as 'horror'.  Not at all. Each Act (there are currently 3) is filled with puzzles, hidden surprises that take you to another side dream or two and I even enjoyed the story line and narrative even though its not finished.There are a few minor technical glitches, but just do a search in discussion forum on Steam and you'll find out what you need to know.Congratulations to the Devs and I'm looking forward to the next update! :)"
,Recommended,229580,9039123,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Muffin Man,"this game is honestly one of the most beautiful games i have ever played and more people should own it, its relaxing, fun, thrilling, you don't want to stop playing it, i highly recommend it"
,Not Recommended,229580,28737350,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,deadering,Never lived up to the promises made. Dev's abandoned so don't bother buying.
,Recommended,229580,7541859,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Zeroketsu,his game is amazing and fun people should buy
,Recommended,229580,9588286,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Craziac,"Definitely a neat game! Excited to see more of where this goes. I did a short Let's Play of this game, and it definitely is promising. Can't wait for the full release!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQFCwtXgdP1mjG6xtSghZhz203RGG1oez"
76561198037294868,Recommended,229580,10072334,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Lemelak,"Beautiful game, it may be a little difficult to get your bearings and figure out where you're supposed to go, but then again, I think that's the point. Dreams have no set path you need to go, no directions, no guides, just you. You make the choices, and you face the consequences. Every time I play this game I get incredibly lost, but I'll be damned if it wasn't the best experiance I've ever had being lost. Worth the money, even in Alpha. I can't wait for the game to come out in full."
,Recommended,229580,9085691,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mooky,"Bloody great game. Fun, intresting and very unique. WARNING: do not play whilst high, will 100% ♥♥♥♥ your brain and leave it for mash potato. TRUST ME"
,Recommended,229580,9391876,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,registered sex offender,"I would highly recomend this game. Although Dream is in alpha stages it really is worth getting for the exploration of the REALLY ♥♥♥♥ing nice looking worlds.It shows up around half way through in my compilations sires on youtube, go and check it out if you're still on the fence with this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucEeXL5eyNo"
,Recommended,229580,8329309,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ned,"Rarely comes a game like this. Dreams have always fascinated me, specially Lucid Dreaming, and this game is so well made on that concept. Only buy this game if you like Exploration and environmental puzzles. However, I would love to see a connection between Howard and his dreams and some kind of related story.3.5/5"
,Recommended,229580,9084551,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Without giving anything away, the first puzzle I found was intense.No other characters, no controls but walking and reading a terminal basically and yet. . . hooked.The easiest way to pop this in a genre (that needs a name) is to point to Source mods that are something like . . . well, dreams. Seriously, the name here is perfect. In fact, I motion we name this genere ""Dreamscapes"". Because. .. reasons. Stanley Parable, Dear Esther, and . . .well, this. Dreamscapes.Pretentions aside. This game is a lovely experience thus far. So looking forward to more. Seriously, toss out the couple bones for it and enjoy. Hell, a pack of cigs cost more than this in some places >.>."
76561198027343189,Recommended,229580,9077989,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Baelara,Dream is a perfect game for everyone who likes exploration with a sprinkling of hallucinations.
76561198082500407,Recommended,229580,9691268,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Wyatt,"**Before anything i recomend you have good or great computer to run this game**Wow, what a game. The scenery can change at the snap of a finger. And its absolutely beautiful, any and every scenery is like something out of a book. I find myself in odd situations that take my brain to figure them out. A true puzzle game. It requires patience, observation and a sense of adventure. Its not anything that can be done in a night. I have a couple of hours on this game already and ive but scratched the surface of whats to come. I cant help but the feeling of going down a ladder through the labyrinth that is within man. 9/10. Only reason its a 9/10 is a dont see myself playing it after im done. But hey, that'll take a while."
,Recommended,229580,9102882,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Major Asshole,"I think it's a great game, the shapes of objects aren't too great, but it's all fixed by the AMAZING light and shading. the world is so vivid and nice. I can wander around for hours in this place. the fps might be a bit low on lower end pc's but that should not stop you from buying it, it will be patched. also the voice of the main character is so calm and easy to listen to. This might not be a game for everyone, but if you liked the trailers you will love it!"
,Recommended,229580,8356550,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CarlSaganBear,Great puzzles that aren't too mundane and still challenging. Beautiful game with many paths of exploration. Can't wait for more patches.
,Recommended,229580,11252604,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DAAT ONE GUY,Soundtrack plez
76561198029011592,Not Recommended,229580,24920807,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TentacleMonstress,"I feel like there was so much potential here. The concept was very interesting!The narrator had a lovely voice and the music was nice.Unfortuately, it was ruined by terrible controls and graphical errors.Trying to interact with items and walking around was extremely clunky.There is a severe lack of direction and (to my experiance) no way to tell if you're playing correctly.This was absolutely NOT a $20 game.I do hope that the developers put more effort into their user controls and debugging in the future."
,Not Recommended,229580,35033455,Posted: 17 September,all,tagenar,"""Dream is an exploration game that takes place within the subconscious mind of Howard Phillips, a young man whose waking hours are tedious and dull, but whose dreams are lucid and powerful."" --Steam descriptionThat's what the game promises, and it's why I was an early backer.  (I just now got a computer that can handle the game properly, so that's why I'm reviewing it now.)  In reality, Howard's dreams are not very powerful or atmospheric.  They're quite dull and lifeless.The game does create some realistic environments, but they fail to create any kind of mood.  Are Howard's dreams scary?  No.  Are they depressing?  No.  Are they suspenseful?  No.  Are they at least creative and interesting to explore?  No.  Does anything bizarre and dreamlike happen in any of his dreams?  No.  Every dream he has is just meh.  They are expansive, but there's so little to do it all feels like an enormous waste of space.You don't do much in them aside from one or two thoughtless, contrived puzzles that have nothing to do with the environment or story.  The only things that tie the dreams to the story are the snippets of interpretation pages which spell out what everything is supposed to mean, but they are not enough.The game has one cutscene (audio only), and it makes you listen to this longwinded conversation after each act, and then once again to complete the game!  It progresses more each time, which means you must listen to parts you've already heard up to 4 times, and it is tedious, not to mention trite.  The entire conversation goes like this:""My mum and dad want me to get a job, but I dunno what I want to do.""""If you work hard enough, Howard, you can achieve your dreams, and everything will be all right.  Just look at me!  I worked hard and I succeeded, so if you do the same, you'll succeed, too!.""""Bloody hell, you're right!  Thanks!  This emotionless conversation has changed my outlook on life!""Puh-leeze.This conversation is all we learn about Howard.  For all that work you do traversing Howard's dream worlds, you learn little about him, and the big revelation at the end is lukewarm: Howard doesn't have a job, he wants to be a writer, and in the end he decides to get a job and start writing on his free time.  Is that it?  Is that the whole story?  It's not nearly enough, and the dreams he has are not interesting and do not mirror his life situation or convey any emotions regarding it.  (Except for the first nightmare.  That one came the closest to furthering a story and connecting me with Howard's situation, and it's the only dream Howard has that creates any kind of mood and takes the player for a ride.)In terms of creating realistic models and utilizing its game engine, Dream shines.  In terms of creating atmosphere and telling a story, the creators didn't take the idea far enough."
,Recommended,229580,8385377,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Uty28,"This game...... This game is absolutley amazing. I couldn't recommend it enough. It's fun,informative, and exciting. If you ever see this game on sale or have enough money to buy it, PICK IT UP! It's absolutely amazing."
76561198043883441,Recommended,229580,23825564,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Essien Jr,Im gunna go out on a limb and recommend this game. Not the greatest by far. Few bugs caused me to reset the game a 3 or 4 times but if your willing to forgive that you will find it intresting.3 out of 5**Only if your willing to forigve the games somewhat clunky mechanics and bugs.
,Not Recommended,229580,22058932,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bob,"This game genuinely makes me feel ill. I think it is probably the way the screen sways that makes me feel sick; even when you are standing still the screen sways slightly (this is most noticeable when interacting with small objects) which causes various objects to flicker at the edges as they get redrawn. The other factor is that may be contributing is the excessive use of blurring, objects a moderate distance away are blurry and the game uses even more blur and distortion at points of the game e.g. at level transitions. Whatever the cause it is really difficult to look favourably on a game that I can only play for short periods of time without risking losing my lunch.The game is mostly a wandering about then solving very arbitrary feeling puzzles. After completing a level you are rewarded by being made to listen to the protagonist emotionlessly moan about his first world problems for a bit. The game is relatively short with only three core levels which felt uninspired. I've said this before about Dreamkiller when you set you game in a dream you have a wonderful opportunity to design levels that break the normal rules of reality but the game failed to take advantage of that with the exception of the side dream based on Escher's Relativity, that was excellent.It is difficult to say how much my opinion of the underlying game was coloured by how ill it made me feel but I don't think I could recommend this game even without the nausea."
76561198047840065,Not Recommended,229580,19505651,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,hvideon,The game is decent. I should have waited until the game had more to it before buying. The concept and ideas are quite cheesy but the environments are cool. There were many bugs that impeded my progress to go any further until I just decided I no longer wanted to play it anymore. I wouldn't buy it again sadly.
,Recommended,229580,10123188,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Kraxie,A really weird game... It's sort of a pussel exploration game I guess...?
,Not Recommended,229580,33180612,Posted: 3 July,all,Shadowmn214,The description told of way more grandeur and cool sights to be seen. Really this is a puzzle game with a bit if death anxieties. Not bad but not really anything that great either.
,Not Recommended,229580,34095085,Posted: 7 August,all,RDeDR,"I do not recommend this game unless you have $9 you can't put to better use. I didn't get very far into the game and may never get much further. I am disappointed with the execution of the concept.-No clear motive nor reason to explore-I can't tell if the game was optimized at all+Decent environments though lacking much to fill them withI wish I could say better about this game, but it falls well short of the potential it had. I love exploration but even the 30-45 minutes I played seemed tedious as there was little to see or do. There wasn't any clear motive or path to the exploration. My biggest issue with the game is the lack of optimization. The minimum requirements say 4GB of RAM. I have 4GB with 3.5GB available. With my PC's basic services running, and Steam being the only program running, I'm using about 38% of my RAM. Dream bumps the usage up to 83%. Even other games with a 4GB minimum, such as Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes on medium settings, only increase my RAM usage to 63%."
,Recommended,229580,9688564,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,whisker,"If you are going to buy this keep in mind: You are giving your support to the company and receiving a free sample to play now and the whole game at launch.That's what it is right now, a sample, and, if you ask me, a very good one. I can't tell if it's going to be a good game or not, but I can say that I'm really looking forward for the launching date."
,Recommended,229580,8334127,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Trash,"I wanted to buy this since I saw it appear on Steam. I was not disappointed. The visuals are absolutely stunning, I'd buy it for that alone. The first dream is a simple task of turning the lights off in a maze, the way it's designed is very smart. It is not as boring as it sounds at all."
,Recommended,229580,15210959,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Tal,I don't even.It's a weird ♥♥♥♥in' game.
,Recommended,229580,14885830,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,Would wait till its finished but is chock-full of potential.
76561198077504466,Recommended,229580,14639653,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,EzLeSilly,"I like this game a lot...The music is amazing and the textures are beautiful.Lots of easter eggs, not a lot of annoying HUD like most games have getting in your way, I'd probobly put objects a little lower in your view because it gets hard to see past them but thats just a nitpick...I'd recommend this to alot of people and to be honest I'm really glad I bought it early. Terrace Walkway needs fixing. The dialouge is pretty cool but sence much of it's still not recorded I can't give a solid thought.Sorry, this is a good review, my bad.Anyway, This game gives my mind a good flip while also showing alot of style and having fun to solve puzzles that actually had me reaching for a pen and paper. You may buy it whenever you like, but give it a go at some time.You won't regret it..."
76561198008900293,Recommended,229580,14643078,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jasper,"In its current state, Dream is a great game. However, if you want a full game with an ending, I would definitely wait until the game is complete. As of right now they haven't even given it an ending, but it's worth a look if you want to get it anyway."
76561197968321754,Recommended,229580,17450285,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Speedkillsuk,"Almost every other review is complaining about bugs, but I have a different problem: Howard. Every single word he utters is maddeningly pathetic. He's excruciatingly lame; a space where a personality should be. I eventually started to hope that the nightmares would consume him, because at least that would make him sort of interesting.So... why am I recommending this game? Because, amazingly, if you're able to look past a few bugs, a clunky interface, and the fact you're playing as Howard, then there's actually a genuinely interesting experience to be had here. The world design is seriously beautiful, and the puzzles are - for the most part - very well designed (if a bit on the easy side). Most importantly, the developers have done a fantastic job of translating dream experiences into meaningful gameplay mechanics and level design. Everything feels *almost* coherent, but constantly falling apart. Meaning always seems to be scattered around, just within your reach, but you can never quite grasp it. Symbols and items repeat themselves throughout each dream and nightmare in a semi-ordered yet mostly disjointed fashion. All of this is very well done, and generally leads to a great gaming approximation of dreaming.So yeah, despite its obvious flaws, it's a beautiful and unique experience which I'd heartily recommend... if you can forget you're playing as Howard."
76561198126325032,Not Recommended,229580,25738283,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,KasuganoHaruka,"when first playing the game. wow, the graphic was stunning, mystery story, curious. very excited to play. but after that, it's very dissapointing, boring if you play after 2-3 hours. it keep repeated and you are very confused."
,Not Recommended,229580,34064155,Posted: 6 August,all,DanG,"Last time I checked, this game was not fun and full of weird bugs..."
,Recommended,229580,10889157,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"I just didn't get this game. I gave it an hour and tried to get in to the concept and feeling and story of the game, but it was just too bizarre for me. As another reviewer says, which I feel myself, I feel the game is attempting to be deeper than it is.That, and I don't have a huge love for open exploration games. Games similar to this would be Gone Home and Dear Esther.However, this is of course an early access review. As it stands, I can't recommend the game as I sadly didn't really get in to it, but when the game is released I will absolutely retry it from the beginning and amend my review where appropriate. I have voted ""Yes"" because I don't believe it deserves a ""No"". Again, I'll review on release.Nilesy"
,Recommended,229580,8330368,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,UltraViolence,"Wow...Graphics-greatStoryline-greatCreepy factor- right on pointschizophrenic protagonist- checkI for inventory.you don't know when you're dreaming until you actually try to wake up. this game is definitely worth the buy.well worth the purchase, much recomend, wow, amaze"
76561198128003498,Recommended,229580,28795603,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JayGamesYay,"I saw on another review that the devs have disappeared, if they have they left this amazing game behind. Sure there were a few glitches but nothing game-breaking. I loved the game, and the aspects behind it - the puzzles were challenging but solvable, and the horror was creepy and unnerving but nothing that stopped me after yelling at people on chats - overall it was a great game and I would recommend to anyone interested in dreams or a simple thought provoking, enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,229580,9048689,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Licky PP,This game is good
,Recommended,229580,29289016,Posted: 15 January,all,It's Devvo Mate,"Come on it was made by a few uni students, yes it is buggy af, yes it is unfinished but for what it is it shows potential. if they had the funding it would most likely been way more than it is. the soundtrack is great everything else is meh."
,Not Recommended,229580,31364635,Posted: 25 April,all,Charmenk,"Game mechanics aren't fluid, graphics are apaulling, playability is very low to none. It makes me wonder why I have this game in my library."
76561198028263926,Recommended,229580,14326662,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mr Lawson,"I have to say this is a very interesting and a rather interesting concept focusing on lucid dreaming. The visuals are suitably pleasing and there isn't much of a story the individual dreams make up the 'missions' each taking place in a completly different section with interesting puzzles to solve, the soundtrack is also nice and relaxing as well but for every dream there is a nightmare but while there aren't actualy nightmares  there are sections which can be startling or downright creepy which gives a nice contrast to the surrealism of the nice dreams. On the whole I like this game a lot, it's fun, interesting and has some nice puzzles to it and I do heartily recomend it for the spectical alone.Check out my youtube channel for a playthrough and other videoshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_Vq79TdKXk"
,Recommended,229580,17340856,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Joe,"Very different from most games these days. Very calming and atmospheric it's like having someone read you a story but you are the story. A fun game to play late at night when you want to take it easy. Intersting, simple, creative 9/10(also its still really glitchy because it just got out of alpha but its still fun)"
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,229580,13050523,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lone Shadow,"Almost could have been something!Its different but I can't recommend.Its concepts are okay and even though the light quests etc get really monotonous, it the overall game design that kills it, in my view.Its dark, as in can't see a bloody thing. AND you wnader aimlessly around clicking everything until the locks turn white.There's no real direction given, and because of that you will find frustrations set in before anything else. Screaming at your monitor saying""What the F&%^ am I meant to be doing?""Even just a little guidance would have at least made it playable.Then I sort of got all the rooms open and wandered aimless around the house, again not knowing what is going on. Is this the end of the game or what?I go back to sleep to see if that does anything and after wandering around the area I already have been, I am back at the house, required to do the last 2 or three puzzle things AGAIN! What the F...?That is the point I give up.I went onling to try and find a walkthough or something and coincidently, the one I watched basically gave up at the same point.Maybe that's as far that is done so far?If not, then if anyone has a clue as what happens after you open the double locked door and jump down the trapdoor in the floor, it MAY offer a liitle more closure,  Until then I can not recommend, but would not say its total bad. It's mediocre, at best at the moment.If any devs are interested, maybe allow a little bit better brightness in the house, and maybe drop some suttle clues so you don't end up walking around aimlessly until boredom takes over."
,Recommended,229580,17322946,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hvidyo,"Now that the game is finally out i can make a meaningful review. this game is whimsical and very strange overall, just like a dream. the gameplay and story provide an escape from reality that is overall enjoyable. i would definetly reccomend giving this game a spin."
76561198044714529,Recommended,229580,10041435,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,TorkSlanter,"WARNING: NIGHTMARE FUEL FOR DAYS!!! Only got through first area before ""nightmare door #1"" opened smack in the middle of my screen o0o! And it was scary enough to make me delete all local content in fear of Satan bursting out of my computer screen :D"
,Recommended,229580,10147901,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,M05,i love it
76561197972087529,Recommended,229580,11199587,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,novahux,"VR-MODE: ReviewPrimarily purchased Dream as an Oculus Rift demo, as its one of the best examples of VR done right around.It’s as close as a lucid dream as I’ve felt, great sense of scale, epic music score, feels like your inside a Hayao Miyazaki world.""Seamlessly blends a realistic world environment with a surreal lucid dream experience. 9/10cons: Avatar height feels off a little, mirrors set to vampire mode, virtual hands would make interactive hit boxes more intuitive."
,Recommended,229580,8441826,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yakigato Niji,"Pretty good so far and lot of potentialwith only a few chapters done already.With only the first arc available, the story line still need to be more developped and polished. At its current stage, it can feel more like a disconnected set of puzzles than a constructed story... Even though parts of the story are indeed connected, some of the lands feel foreign with no way to trace them back to objects in the house. This is specially true for the garden and the black labyrinth which doesn't seem to remind any part of the ""wakeup"" environement.On the other hand, the few puzzles that are available can be challenging at times and the semi open world and surrealist graphics really do makes the whole place feel like a dream. This game takes from some of its predecessors like Myst and Antichamber to create some of the weirdest and most beautiful sceneries that I have seen in a game so far. I am sure this game is going to be a must in every one's library in no time.Keep up the good work. I can't wait to see what's comming up next."
76561198105737438,Recommended,229580,8480864,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,사신(bot),Great. I love the mysterious settings of the game!
76561198055652722,Recommended,229580,8819764,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,radioactive,great game good plot kkeps you interesting
76561198053881370,Recommended,229580,9004770,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Sam,its grate i love exploring in games and this is one of my favrets but i think you shuld make more interactive things and items just to make it a little more interesting plus i cant wait for some more scary dreams and i cant wait till its finished. keep up the good work :)
,Recommended,229580,9091552,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dry|||Bones,the most beautiful and haunting game I have ever played. period.
76561198050803811,Recommended,229580,9115477,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,campbellmc14,"Dream is a good adventure game filled with lots of puzzles. Currently, the game suffers from quite a few bugs, but the game is still in its alpha stage for a reason. The game's mood swings from being relaxing to moderately scary. Scary enough that you start to get goosebumps, but not so scary that you want to turn off the game, which is good. I have yet to find anything in the game that can 'kill' you, though there is at least one enemy in the game.Despite being a good game, it does have flaws.The game's biggest flaw, I'd have to say, is that the game never gives you any idea as to what you're supposed to do. This does have some upsides to it for fans of exploration, though players trying to simply get on with 'the main quest' (if one even exists) will find themselves a bit annoyed. Also, it'd be nice for there to be a part of the map that tells you where you are right then and there, so you don't get lost.As for its strengths, it has plenty. Personally, I enjoy listening to the protagonist. He has a good sense of humor, and allows some of the darker parts of the game to be a bit more bearable. Also, the surreal environments are just gorgeous. Also, the game never holds your hand, which is also a very good thing.Over all, I'd say if you like surreal environments, exploration, don't mind just a touch of horror, then this game will be worth your money."
,Recommended,229580,9133894,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,FaplordPoonSlayer69,This has to be one of the most intriguing and beautiful games I have played yet. I almost spend more time just gazing at scenery than anything else. Anybody who knocks on a game like this do not have a taste for exploration games in general. I love how open this game is. I'm glad to say I have this game in my library and can't wait to see how far this comes along!
76561198046199043,Recommended,229580,9145518,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Cap'n Curly,just...wow i have NEVER said this about any game but this game....left me speechless. just....speechless
76561198093364470,Recommended,229580,9153272,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Scarper,"A quirky game, but very interesting. Can't wait for more content to be released."
,Recommended,229580,9380231,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shadowstealer,"Complete honesty here, If you're looking for a fast paced game with lots of action, this is not the game you want. If you're looking for a challenging puzzle game, try antichamber or portal 2. If youre looking for something crazy, try Loadout, but if you want an immersive game with some of the most beautiful landscapes you've ever seen, your search is over. This game is amazing in that, it touches you in a way that other games can't. Wandering through the large worlds, it's easy to get lost, but when you get lost, there seems to always be more and more that you discover. Eventually every game has to come to an end, but Dream does a great job of making the end seem much farther away than it really is. This game is more about the journey than the destination, and the story is well made and interesting. I can't wait until it is in full release."
,Recommended,229580,9415214,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,bean man,This game is extremely creative and relatable (in my case)
76561198127574525,Recommended,229580,9888548,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SplitPea,"This game is awesome, except for the fact it makes me quite naseuous after 20 minutes. :("
,Recommended,229580,9728435,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,vemanik,I would LOVE to play this game but it refuses to work! D:
76561198033137384,Not Recommended,229580,20346575,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jeroen,"The developer seems to have abandoned this game a month after leaving Early Access, while there are still a lot of unresolved issues.Amongst them are:- menu options don't stick- keybindings are broken- head bobbing is too much- vsync option is breaking, resulting in massive screen tearing- lack of any anti aliasing options- depth of field makes everything blurry, can't be switched off- field of view can't be adjusted- framerate issues, sometimes drops to unacceptable levels < 10fps (I'm on a I5 4.4Ghz and a AMD R9 290)Why this game left Early Access is beyond me."
76561198041084029,Recommended,229580,27544049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mistifire,This game is buggy but it's not that bad.  I have enjoyed playing it and look forward to playing it again when it is completed.
,Recommended,229580,9113642,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Beard,House simulater 2014. im serious if you want to have a great tim in this game skip to act 2 and just act like your the boss of the building. also it would be fun if you and your friends ( co-op only mass multiplayer would ruin it) but yea you and your one friend could play it together (just an idea) great game
,Recommended,229580,11991715,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jiro the Machine,"Visuals and theme are amazing, but I am not a fan of some of the puzzles in the game. Maybe things will change when it further's in development."
,Recommended,229580,10596638,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Slob (Lob Variety),"Beautiful Soundtrack, stunning graphics for an indie game, great story.   A game like this is so perfect, I must be DREAMING. Hahahahah get it guys?  DREAMING?  Cuz its like...the name...and stuff...OK i'll see myself out."
,Recommended,229580,25363914,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Yuki,"It's a beautiful game. However, the controls were hard to deal with, even though I played around with the sensitivity, it was still a bit chucky. I must say that there were so many instances where I didn't know what to do, and had to look up a guide for it. Narrator had an excellent voice, and I'm sure there is a good story in here somewhere if I could not look at a guide from time to time to find out what I'm suppose to do. I would probably say try the game out yourself, but would recommend waiting for a sale for it."
,Recommended,229580,20460266,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Gargaj,"Despite the obvious problems, there's a lot of very likeable ideas and imagery in this one."
76561198215382525,Not Recommended,229580,35074222,Posted: 19 September,all,Mum,Basically what this game has to offer is a few puzzles and a very mediocre story. Literally fell asleep in the first hour and never came back to it again.
,Recommended,229580,9238700,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Juantaguan,"This game is amazing.You enter the mind of Howard Phillps and enter his dreams where he discovers how to solve his problems through puzzles. The scenery is just gorgeous, the puzzles are challenging enough not to be considered easy but not super hard, and it makes you want to come back for more.Keep in mind that this is in early access and people do have problems playing the game and in time those will be fixed. As new content is added the game becomes more and more wonderful.Honestly, do yourself a favor and buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,229580,9254223,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,floobadoo,"There are various bugs depending on who plays it, but it is not finished yet. Dream has very detialed and artistic style, with puzzles and exploration. The music is very nice, espacially some from the newest update. But not everything is all bright and happy, there is a nightmare puzzle also, and it is likely that there will be more >:3"
,Recommended,229580,8952493,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Peen,"Ignore that I reccomend this, because this is not a review, but something to help people figure out if this is a game for them. The reason is that this game is very different from the ""mainstream"" games (and I mean not to sound like some pretentious hipster, but that is the reality of it).Some people will look at this and think ""What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just buy?"" and will probably go on to try and be a pretentious dumbass saying that their review is the only one you should listen to, and that the game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Others will♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves with joy at how incredibly artsy the game is, and will never shut up about how great the game is. (That is, if you have a decent PC. It is getting optimized, I can now actually play the game at a survivable frame rate, but if you have anything lower than a gaming computer keep your cash for now, unless you plan on waiting to install/play the game in what seems to be the near future.)Then there is no middle ground, because the game is a hit or a miss with everyone (like Proteus or Dear Esther).I VERY STRONGLY suggest looking at the game in VIDEOS. These are the only way that you will definitively know if you want this (I knew I wanted it due to these videos). Ignore the ""real"" reviews, especially user made ones, as they are biased severely one way or the other."
,Recommended,229580,15824117,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Turbo Alf,"I bought this game the first day it got released and i gotta say im very happy with the game and its a game i think everyone should play, the devs have made a really good job staying in touch with the community and updating the game so thats a big +, but what do i have to say about the game itself, well.............SPOILER WARNINGFirst thing i did was going around playing with the lights in the house, very fun, the second thing i did was look out the window, very fun, the third thing i did was go to bed and, well started dreaming or how you gonna put it, i entered a big, well, sand place, it was beautiful, i walked around collecting small notes with like poetry or something on them, then looked at how beautiful everything was, then i did some puzzeling and the place started snowing, very beautiful i did some more puzzeling and entered a dark portal thingy.............I became very sad when i did becuse i woke up in my bed and becuse the game was in early access (note: this wasnt in the game at release i think) i thought the game was over, i oppened the door to my room (by pressing a button wierdly) i hear some weird sound and see somebody run down the stairs, seeing footprints on the walls on the mirror in the bathroom i saw some weird text written in blood, i quickly pressed ALT + F4I came back later and played this part and the other dreams/nightmares when they got released and i gotta say that this game is AMAZING if you love either exploration, horror or puzzle games you need to buy this otherwise you still need to buy this. Im not so good at convincing ppl in reviews but just PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy this.THE END"
76561198043308397,Recommended,229580,15798906,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,insanityiscrazy,"~2 hours in. One of the best late night gaming experiences I've had in months. Turn out all the lights and immerse. The worlds are beautifully rendered and smooth. The music matches the moods of their respective environs, and while each world's puzzles have the same theme, they're different enough to maintain interest. Color usage is fantastic. I almost want a VR for this one.Try it. Seriously."
,Recommended,229580,10030499,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,DerpGeneral,"This game takes me somewhere else, a place where I can be happy and peaceful. I recommend getting this game. I just wished I had the Oculus."
,Recommended,229580,19179727,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Xymsia,You can not find the ....
76561198126001518,Recommended,229580,19270607,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,meursault,"this game is one of the most beautiful things i've ever seen since naissancee. time to time it gives you goosebumps or peace and tranquility, it's a game of very intense feelings."
76561198172406765,Recommended,229580,34089038,Posted: 7 August,all,[Tenta]-Kulte,really good game : 8.5/10+ strongs and smarts puzzles+ nice graphics 1st person+ good musics ambiance- a little short (8h mb less if u dont want ahievements)- some bugs textures make some freezings  but auto saves can helps
,Recommended,229580,8033447,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MisterTiller,"One of the most intriguing games I have ever played.  When you first go into your dream and appear in the ""central hub"" of sorts... it's simply breathtaking.  The beautiful soundtrack plays as you gaze among the mysterious room before you...  I absolutely can't wait to see what this game has in store, as it is only 1/3rds finished?  Buying this game now is a great investment for the future."
76561198136868265,Recommended,229580,20214750,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Seri'S ❤,awsome game !you have to try it
,Recommended,229580,10550419,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,RuthlessBlanket,BEST GAME EVER PLAYED ON STEAM <3
76561198037575087,Recommended,229580,13186511,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,legent120,Amazing game would recommend. Nightmare house scared me though :<
,Recommended,229580,17429763,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Goonmetal,"The gameplay and the game itself is truely beautiful and amazing. But almost all the time when I startup the game, the game closes and says ""BUILT UDK HAS STOPPED WORKING"" and I have been experiencing some artifacting in the subtitles and the TV in Phillip's room. Otherwise the game is amazing. I would give it a 6/10."
,Recommended,229580,8239344,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Moonie,"Very good! Though i dont think they removed the halloween content xC Its scary... very scary, very fun aswell! 10.5/10"
,Recommended,229580,9485429,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sam,This is game looks very nice and has a great story. IMO you should get it.
,Recommended,229580,11788051,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Stint,Can't wait for act 3
,Recommended,229580,11869009,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Pancake Brock,"Two Pancakes Way Up!  I highly reccomend this game.  For someone who loves puzzle games this takes the whole adventure of a whole new level with the horror and the interactivness.  I think its awesome that a game can make you feel so confused, yet intergued, and terrified at the same time.  Its nice that its a challenge, and the puzzles are not too obvious but workable.  I dont think I have ever had to pull out a pen and a paper to help in a game.I hope act 3 will be even more amazing!  Great Job!"
,Recommended,229580,12208232,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hiatel,Updates? : checkStory? : eehGameplay? : checkAtmosphere? : DefinentlyGraphics? : checkMusic? : checkGreat at what it does
,Recommended,229580,12850200,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Under-Pwner,"Okay, if you are interested pay CLOSE ATTENTION. This game is beautifuly made, from what Iv'e explored. The worlds show close attention. and the scary parts and pretty freaky.Pros:Fun, immersiveOffer quite a bit of play time.Not many because not much is available.CONS:Confusing, as of now I am stuck and not sure where to continue to. I don't know if this is me, the game, or the early access.Demanding. You woudnt think, but you get lag when you wouldnt think so.This game is good. But not $16.99 good."
,Recommended,229580,12956492,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mertzis,"Although I have not played for many hours I can already say that this is one the best,most artistic games ever its games like these that trully show the brilliance of gaming. The only negative is that the way the player moves is kind of glitchy but I guess its going to be fixed when the full version comes out."
76561198061774095,Recommended,229580,13014289,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Script,"There seems to be a sound bug once you really start getting into the game. The main character, one of only two people who talk in the whole game, doesn't speak anymore. The subtitles are there, and there are several places in which the game prompts him to talk, but I'm not hearing him. Sound settings are correct, just a bug."
,Recommended,229580,13048787,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,redemption arc,This game is absolutely beautiful and inspires awe like no other game I've played before
,Recommended,229580,13152695,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,kmajor978,"I stuck with it for 2 hrs... but it failed to grasp my attention. The trailer looked fantastic, but the gameplay seemed a little too 'open ended' in the sense that I spent hrs just walking around trying to figure out what to do. There are plently of other casual simulators out there, but this one just didn't draw me in as expected. There's no direction whatsoever, and the puzzles (e.g., the Graveyard) are far too complicated for no reason and don't have any reward for the time put into them. One may argue that that's the point of a 'lucid dream simulator', but it just didn't make me want to jump back in over and over again. I'll keep my recommendation as positive because I see a lot of potential with this early access game, but it's not ready for the general public just yet. Good luck devs."
,Recommended,229580,10032155,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Instawale,AWESOME
,Recommended,229580,10034292,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,You Smell So Intelligent,"I have a love for fps abstract games, and this one i highly highly recommend for anyone that wants a beautiful and unique atmosphere."
76561198084547922,Recommended,229580,10034689,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Uncle sape,this game is amzing and full of potental. it has lot of meaning for the player to take on his own and the nightmare scetion of dream is amazing as well giving you a creepy feel as if someone is waching you.
76561198027446195,Recommended,229580,10035721,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[DFC] Itnetlolor,"A bit power-hungry, and probably not for those with old equipment (a better GFX card and CPU is recommended). Even with very light graphics settings, it's a tad on the intense side. But after some gameplay, I am convinced that I might need to upgrade to better hardware eventually.Computer stuff out of the way, concept-wise, I'm in my first dream world, and I'm liking it so far. Kinda reminds me of some of my dream environments already. I'll add more to the review the deeper into the rabbit hole I go. As an aside, I find it funny that the game's immersion factor is somewhat deep enough, the PC looks somewhat (though doesn't sound at all) like me. Personally, I found it amusing (as a coincidence).EDIT:Unfortunately, this rabbit hole is shallow, and can only go the initial dream inwards. Either my machine's not enough for it, or the latest version has some issues as of now. Kinda expected in it's current state. Keeps on running out of video memory, even on the lowest settings.EDIT EDIT:After a bit of tinkering, I made a bit more progress, and I found the first major puzzle. Unfortunately, even at current (low) settings, the game makes me a little scared to progress further without burning out my card or computer. However, this game does make me want to play Myst again as well. It has potential."
76561198079620138,Recommended,229580,10035745,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Serpentar,Great game! I wish it wasn't that laggy and then it would be so much easier.
,Recommended,229580,10065209,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,joerockgalvan,"Fun puzzels, but my HUD doesnt show up so i cant complete some task that require items from your invintory and i have no redicule"
76561198018589819,Recommended,229580,10080653,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Darkfinity,"At first, I was fairly negative about this game. Just a couple of points for possible buyers:1) The first 'world' is the least compelling and the hardest in terms of puzzles. Don't be put off by this, keep at it and you have some really incredible levels to look forward to.2) The second 'world' is actually really great fun. The office is well designed, reminds me of the Stanley Parable. The puzzles on the computer in the lab are really clever and feel rewarding once finished. The multiple-gravity-stairs miniworld was exactly what I imagined this whole game to be, I'm so glad it was added.3) This game is nowhere near being finished. There are clever bits, even a little personal branding going on, that make playing it feel worthwhile overall. For an early-development game, this is well done.Keep up the good work, maybe change around some things at the beginning and with the voices, and who knows, this could become one of the classics."
,Recommended,229580,10082757,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sebastian,This is a great game. perfect graphics & great detail.The only thing i dont like is the creepy music. it makes me feel like there will be a jump-scare....i dont really like to play this game by myself because it reminds me of slender.
,Recommended,229580,10104559,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,jimoth,Here are my thoughts on the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcc0TnqzceI&feature=youtu.be
76561198046624976,Recommended,229580,10171390,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,[N]Phaty,"The game is really fun and i would reccomend, i bought it on sale for about 9 dollars and thought it was worth it so far. its a pretty awesome puzzel game, i would say 50% walking and 50% puzzel solving in this game but in dream you platform as well so the game gives you that as well. This is also my 1st game of this type and am happy with the game so far.pros:lots of content.cool enviroments.new added nightmares are pretty awesome.really intresting puzzels that challenge you.cons:no tutorial(i still dont know how you know if finish a dream 0.o)no hint system(not like a baby system or waypoint but the only time you know what to do at times is either by notes , object in the enviroment or what he says to himself and at times he says nothing for whole hour periods.)i suck at spelling too so ya."
,Recommended,229580,10204365,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Doctor Fudge,"Frankly, I think it makes too much sense and is too cohesive for the concept, but maybe I'm just a little disappointed that I'm not getting LSD: Dream Simulator 2013.That aside, it's very interesting and does a good job making you wonder what comes next, even if right now the answer to that question is ""Not a whole lot""."
,Recommended,229580,10231705,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,zackpollard,"This is a good game for the little time I played it, but there is one major problem with it currently (yes I know it's alpha). This is that, when playing across a 3 screen setup, the game does not change the resolution in the correct way. Instead of you getting extra viewing distance to your right and left hand side, the game instead zooms in so that your normal 16:9 image, is expanded so that you still see that same width across the three screens. This makes the game very zoomed in, and impossible to play as you are missign 2/3 of the normal image from the top and bottom of the screen.As I said, good game, but this causes problems.Thanks,Zack"
76561198134837250,Recommended,229580,11475789,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hidalgo Valhalla,"This game is a real shock for your senses, the surroundings are both creepy in nightmares and breath-taking during dream.Every enviroment has its own perfect music, I personally still stood still in order to listen to it until the end.On the other hand,many of the jigsaws aren't exactly user-friendly, so if you want to beat the game my advice is to get a piece of paper, a pencil and a lot of patience.Even though there are some bug issues it's worth your time."
76561198098387639,Recommended,229580,11618885,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Judge_IronStein,"Amazing game!The visuals in this game are fabulous and the story is creative. Although you do not tend to do that much throughout each dream in the game, it does not matter. This is because you spend your time enjoying the visuals and the story that goes along with each dream. The atmosphere is great as well9/10"
,Recommended,229580,5254027,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,BrycexHvze,This may very well be one the greatest games I have ever played.And I'm not even done with the first level.
76561198049188139,Recommended,229580,5401942,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,grape_,Great gaming idea that just needs a little time to polish itself fully.
,Recommended,229580,6383474,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,CasualKitten ケモホモ,"I LOVE THE ARTWORK OF THIS GAME. It's a fantastic experience, 11/10 would play again. This game gives you an interesting feeling, like a wave of nostalgia. Plus~ It allows you to find pieces of papers in bubbles that have something similar to the environment around it, and it may give you an idea why you might have certain dreams! *cough* or nightmares."
,Recommended,229580,6818821,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,LegendRS,Amazing game and birthday present on day release aha! ;) I recommend this to any explorers!
,Recommended,229580,9060397,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Prism Heart,"Looks amazing! Just bought it, yet I am having a few problems with the game so far that hopefully will get looked at.The biggest issue is that it takes exactly one second from when I move my joystick until the screen actually moves (left, right, etc.) This is extremely annoying as it becomes almost impossible to navagate.Also, when I was changing my settings, it inverted my axis even though I went in only to find it saying ""No"" to inverting it.After changing another random setting however, the problem went away.The main thing that I want to highlight however is that time between moving the joystick and a reaction from the game. Really hope this gets fixed because it makes it horribly hard to play as of now.Thanks!-Chas"
,Recommended,229580,9084460,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,XzloRe,Love It.
76561198079730298,Recommended,229580,9089118,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,FAVvideos,"I've only played a little bit (about an hour) and this game has already made me love it. The soundtrack, scenery, and everything else is amazing! There is a little lag (might just be my computer) but other than that, I have not seen any major bugs. I can't wait for it to expand more!"
,Recommended,229580,9089323,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,bfirein,"This game may be in an early stage of developement, but it certianly grabbed my attention. I don't understand anything about it, but from what I can tell this is one of the best first-person puzzle games out there. I can't wait for it to be finished, and for me to figure out what's going on in it."
,Recommended,229580,9097478,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ozzi,"This game feels like it's trying to be two games at once. A puzzle game, and a horror game. I personally think that it should go with one path and stick with it. Now, I'm just going to say that I have never played many horror games before. This would probably be my first. But, I can say, the horror is far better than the puzzles. Most of the puzzles are simple things, like; run though a maze, or make all the lights light up at once, and are pretty boring, in my opinion. The horror, on the other hand, feels very scary; like it should, but it feels very out of place with the beautiful environments and, again, the puzzles. The two types of gameplay are so different, that, I wouldn't be surprised to find out one guy was making the horror stuff, and the other the puzzles. I'm still recommending this game, because it shows promise to become a great game, but that opinion may change in the future. Make me proud, Hypersloth."
,Recommended,229580,9104988,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Some trash panda,"awesome game, easy to enjoy and nice little scary ellemants"
,Recommended,229580,9120224,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,JustKidding723,so far im slightly confused however i do enjoy the mass amout of space you can explore not 100% about it yet but still good enough to recommend
,Recommended,229580,9125747,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,sneeky snek,"Although it's in early development, it says it is 100% compatable with the Oculus Rift. It is not quite there yet. Things get a bit choppy when you use the rift, at least for me. HOWEVER, it's a great atmospheric game. If you're looking to kill some time and relax, this is the game to do it in."
76561198025704416,Recommended,229580,9130972,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,exjraordinary,"This seems like a great game, but runs terribly on my laptop I have an i3 with intel 4000 but can run state of decay, dead space 3, battlefield 3 but somehow this game is chugging with framerate and sound is very choppy. I did the fix on forums in system settings and still runs terrbily. I know this is early access which is why im giving the benefit of a doubt but I know my laptop can run this game when it can run those other games on medium settings good and on high at higher than im getting here. Hopefully this will be optimized. I think also my oculus rift maybe adding issues but i play other games on it fine and smooth. Thanks for looking."
76561198123241387,Recommended,229580,9402057,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,clown_fire,good but buffers
,Recommended,229580,9627502,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,rodey004,Game is super trippy. I recomend playing high.
,Recommended,229580,9774647,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FellFoe,"Really enjoying the amazing environments and visuals in this game. The puzzles are sometimes a little obtuse or frustrating, but if they'll improve the occulus rift support I won't care! This game has the potential to be on par with some of the great 1st person puzzlers, with a sinster side in the few nightmare worlds.But to be clear, with good oculus DK2 support this would be MIND BLOWING. At the moment it blurry as hell (DK1)."
76561197975201338,Recommended,229580,9777438,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,pcacton,"Havnt been able to play for any more than five minutes yet, because of the `built with udk` bug permanently appearing every time i try to get to the gaurdian quandry, despite having downloaded the update that was for this problem. However this as stated isnt the finsihed product so will hang fire and hope for some stability updates soon. Otherwise, the first part and the game design look very good, and am looking forward to playing.Amended...my fault, found a fix for the error message i kept getting and is now fluid and runs well.....and a great game so far. really enjoying it and great visuals. excellent."
76561198092489918,Recommended,229580,10632910,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Forced Gender Reassignment,Thought it was about MLK.
,Recommended,229580,12165835,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,MapGameMaster,This game is wonderful. I love the nightmare sequences and the puzzles are challenging. This game is unfinished so I really hope it will get many more updates. I do think the desert feels empty and I would like to see more of the nightmares in the future.
,Recommended,229580,14204648,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Adeptus Ineptus,">>This game is still in development<<In Dream, you explore the subconscious concerns of Howard, a young Brit who has inherited his recently deceased father's house. Dream is a mix of exploration and puzzle-solving in order to learn more about Howard and his development as a character (or person?). The amount of work put into the visual design in Dream is impressive for an Indie game, and the soundtrack ties into everything nicely. Even on the lowest graphic settings (like I'm using; it's probably time for a new gaming rig), it still looks pretty good. *****"
,Recommended,229580,1795750,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,alphiee #2199,"I played it only about 2 hours so far, but still, this game... within a few minutes it blowed away my mind with it's graphics, it's music and the whole scenarios. Just beautiful and definitely worth those 13.99€, to be honest it's actually worth hundreds of bucks, if you know how much these kinda experience are worth that this exact game gives you. It's truly a masterpiece, and a must-buy for everyone who tries understand the beauty and sense in living. It won't tell you anything, but it will show you so much."
,Recommended,229580,6600044,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Deblobman,This game is simply fantastic! You HAVE to try it!
,Recommended,229580,9183234,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sketch,This game has all the aspects and rendered graphics of garry's mod but the storied adventure is something to be a part of. I found it funny and scary at the same time but I don't know if that was to do with the game or the amount of coffee I drank whilst playing this but either way it was worth the money and even because its an early access means i can't wait for more to come.
,Not Recommended,229580,20569190,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR Good concept but not very well executed. While at times its enjoyable, overall it isnt great. Game has a lot of problematic bugs which need to be fixed. Until they are it may might be best to avoid buying this gameFull Version:This game takes quite an interesting concept of being able to explore dreams and solving puzzles in them. You play Howard ,a young author, who has moved into the house his recently deceased uncle Edward left to Howard in his will. The game has you exploring Howards dreams (and nightmares) to try and resolve Howards issues. The dreams are generally quite enjoyable and visually nice areas where you root ot puzzles and try to solve them. The puzzles are a bit hit and miss with some enjoyable, others not so much.Good points:-some of the dream levels are really cool and do look very beautiful- the music is good and fits the game quite wellBad points:-its a very buggy game. I had to reload a few times due to bugs. For example in the first Act i had to jump into a hole which my character got stuck in and i couldnt move. Later on while doing a puzzle i couldnt activate an item i needed to use. From reading the forums its seems like other players have had a lot of problems and the devs havent patched it in months.- the voice acting is very poor. The actors sound so wooden,like they're reading straight from a script. Also the sound level on the voices tends to fluctuate a lot going from audible to inaudible.-this game felt like a tech demo for VR at times. Theres one section which is blatantly there just for someone wearing a VR headset to experience and serves no purpose to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,229580,27569718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Μeικ0,"One of the best ""trips"" i've had in a while. Really interesting concept."
,Recommended,229580,28091104,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Catz,"The overall actual game is wonderful. The graphics for some things although not fully realistic but that really adds a styalisation to the game that doesn't have it appear like most realistic looking games giving the game it's own feel.As for my computor though the game is constantly glitching and the sound jittery. However on my old computor when i played the game it ran smoothly without problets so that is just a problet for my computor sadly having the game unplayable for myself till later on.I've enjoyed playing the game though on my previous computor the puzzles, interactions and scenery really has me wanting to come back and back again. The story and the way the game develops as you learn more abut the character and their story is also interesting. This game just has me wanting to keep playing. I'm a massive fan of exploration games so this has truely 'hit the spot'. So before i continue repeating myself this is a very great game for those who are interestsed in a beautiful exploration game with stunning graphics and a interesting plot that wi;=ll have you thinking throughout the game.Thank you so much for making such a great game!"
76561197962171400,Not Recommended,229580,21336580,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,nas,-11/10 would get lost in maze for 30 minutes again
,Recommended,229580,2976952,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Serpent Of Eden,Great Indie game with a touch of Lovecraft :)
,Recommended,229580,8231389,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Eeveegames,"Still needs a lot of work, but for the money it is worth a shot... A very nicely put together tale and ""somewhat"" open world that allows you to really get into the story."
,Recommended,229580,8235630,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,-Ω-,"This game is awesome. I haven't even played through the first dream, and I already think it's great."
,Recommended,229580,8316930,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blakestophen,super spook yet such spiritual
,Recommended,229580,8334761,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Poppadom,"Very fun game and a nice game to play if you like puzzles and twists. You will have to have a decent computer to play this game, but great graphics and story."
,Recommended,229580,8389807,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Captain Scoresby,"I've only played 8 hours as of writing this, but play to play many more.Pros: Beautifully designed areas, hints of a great story to come in the full game, challenging puzzles, a great feeling of discovery, wonderful conveyance of fear, awe, and just plain tingles up the spine.Cons: Some bugginess, as to be expected from early access. One puzzle more frustrating than fun, but dev has said they're working on it.Get it if: You enjoy games such as Stanley Parable, The Path, Antichamber, or other games with a wandering nature and strange clues.Don't get it if: You do not enjoy the types of games listed above.Overall: A beautiful experience, and I can't wait for more in updates!"
,Recommended,229580,8444332,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dustincredible,"Although this game is in alpha stage it's not hard to see how much potential this game has almost immediately. The graphics are astounding, the narration is actually very good, and the worlds are open enough to let your exploration and imagination take over. I do have to admit that some tasks become mundane, light walking through an almost identical maze 4 times to turn off lights got a bit old but the slight changes each time made it tolerable. I found some bigger sections of exploring almost too empty, and almost stopped me from carrying on to see what was around the next corner. I appreciate the little things also, like how experiencing different segments of dreams leads to more spider-mapping on the cork board, and I like the page tears to explain what we see around us might mean to the character we are playing (I actually feel quite sad for him, it feels like he may be suffering from depression or pure loniless... it's these little things that will keep me coming back for more. Also, while playing I did not find one but a map at some point might come in handy, I found a compass but I never felt the urge to look down at it. Anyways, great job Dev, I am enjoying this journey you are taking us all on..."
,Recommended,229580,8448461,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,WillDrug,"Nicely and creepily done, though from a game called ""Dream"" I expected more than just flying cubes and maze puzzles (no worries, they stop and go into adventure game mode);I really want to warn you NOT to get this game but it would seem that's because of my mindset; So I will recommend it, BUT:DO NOT expect psychedelic ideas or imagery from this; This is _VERY_ conventional. It's nicely done, it has atmosphere and can be creepy, but it's _conventional_; It does nothing _new_. It does not warp reality, formality or your mind;If you're into decent semi-atmospheric adventures\puzzles -- go for it!"
76561198073831134,Recommended,229580,8462515,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,inner spaghetti,This is scary. I did not expect it to be scary.
,Recommended,229580,9314827,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,;),"Dream is an amazing game that lets you solve puzzles, and control dreams. There are riddles that you solve in order to solve the puzzles and help you. The graphics are besutiful and so is the enviorment. I recomend this to any fan of adventure games but not so much to action game lovers. But i still think action gamers will still love this game because it has some suspense. Buy it!!!"
,Recommended,229580,10032998,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Summit,"This game is absolutely fantastic.I love everything about this game, it's an awesome concept with great attention to detail.The visuals are flawless, I can't wait to see what this game turns into."
76561198021195207,Recommended,229580,17660237,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Pc Toby,"Its a wierd, creepy, interessting and pretty looking game.So far...8/10! (Because some bugging things)"
,Recommended,229580,17542941,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ferdinand Griffon,"I bought the early access in August 2013, that is 2 years ago. And now that it has been finally released all I can say is that I am glad to have supported this early access and I am very happy with the final result.It has been a long path but it has been great to have seen the progress, and well this game has improved a lot since the first versions where there was barely a complete dreamNow, about the game. I have to recommend it, it is mostly relaxating, perfect to play at night before going to sleep. The nightmares can be a little scary but not to much, just the right amount to be enjoyable even if you don't like scary games. It has a good story, not a masterpiece but perfect for a game like this. The graphics are astonishingly beautiful, and there's good music fitted perfectly for every moment in the game"
76561198028206199,Not Recommended,229580,29067936,Posted: 6 January,all,maxsegal,"I really like this game but I hit a gamebreaking bug.I like the graphics style, the puzzles are interesting enough, and there's good atmosphere.However, the game is a bit janky with a few awkward problems like key bindings and no controller button support.Gamebreaking bug I hit was the language switching to French and then to Russian. I can't read the cyrilic and so I just can play anymore despite wanting to. The language setting in the menu still says English despite beign written in Russian.Can't reccommend, even though I want to."
76561197985704187,Recommended,229580,10086817,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,EXPLORE!  ENJOY!
,Recommended,229580,8334501,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,nanode,"I've played Dream for a short time now, and I can tell you that it's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. The many vistas, pathways, and interactions make the experiance more enjoyable every second. You can tell the developer is spending lots of time on choice. In one dream, you can't do everything. It's all about vast exploration, interaction, and choice making. Think of Dear Esther, but with choices and free roaming.If you have $15 to spare, it's most definately worth it!9/10"
76561198073516991,Recommended,229580,9079111,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Chief,10/10 one of the best puzzle games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,229580,9562423,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,YungSix,It's an awesome game!I reccomend it.Thank you
,Recommended,229580,9061471,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,MrSmilingDeath,"Got this game not long ago. So far, it's beautiful and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Only thing that could make it better is if I had an Oculus Rift. The atmosphere is so gorgeous and immersive that it hurts my heart to close out of the game. Haven't found any bugs yet. (Oh, and the devs also won a positive review from me when I saw the penguin ball in Howard's room)"
,Recommended,229580,12869894,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Bryce,"Beautiful, a bit scary, wonderful presentation and amazing for an Early Access Game.9/10 -Its amazing, really is worth it."
76561197983015903,Recommended,229580,26093255,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Brian,"Best thing i can say about it is that you first have to figure out that there's a puzzle, then how to solve it. It's never too complicated that either of those require googling it, but there are some bugs."
76561198145421848,Recommended,229580,32894083,Posted: 27 June,all,Honor776,"I've had this game 2 years ago and this is one of those games that's a one and done.Although some mechanics and gameplay are a little ""buggy"" but if you like puzzle games, this is for you. Some scary moments here and there, but the PUZZLES matter the most in a PUZZLE game.The last time I played this was incomplete, I hope it's finished :POverall: 7/10, If you like puzzles and have a good computer, get this game"
76561198068839914,Recommended,229580,32959076,Posted: 28 June,all,Medrine,"An absolutly beautiful adventure game with a lot of content. The artwork of the game is amazing and it really makes the player feel as though they are actually inb a dream. The puzzles for the most part flow very well with the game. The only complaing is that the third and final 'dream' feels as though it was rushed during development. Regardless, this game is well worth the money for someone who is looking for a more relaxing game with a good amount of content."
76561198020898916,Not Recommended,229580,11875660,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Hadeda King,"A walking simulator with badly made mechanics and old, regurgitated puzzles. Maybe I'm judging it too soon, but I highly doubt I'll be opening this game again soon"
,Not Recommended,229580,9584989,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Little Scottish Plum,"The concept of this game interested me greatly, but in execution it seems to fall a bit short. Combine this with constant crash and graphical issues and I am disappointed to say that I can't recommend the game in it's current iteration.If the operation issues were the only problem I would understand, as the game is in it's alpha stages at this moment, but I felt that (from what I have been able to play when the game does actually run) the ""puzzles"" have been rather boring and redundant. The main character seems unrealistic and two dimensional, and after logging over an hour in this game, I have no idea what the overarching plot is. What is the point? Am I just... wandering through this dream-scape running through light mazes for no conceivable reason? Am I trying to fix my dreams or...? I don't know. You're just some British dude who is solving puzzles. Based on his voice acting he, like me, is just doing it because he has nothing better to do. I keep expecting him to say, ""well... I payed for this game so I might as well play it"" since that is what I've been thinking the whole time.I would also prefer some sort of alternative light source that emanates from the character without destroying some ambiance, or at least a brightness slider. This is the only game that I have ever played in which I was stuck, simply because I couldn't tell if I was walking into a wall or not.All in all it needs a good deal of polish before it is playable. I think if the story were more engaging, or if the performance issues didn't exist, it would be worth it, but for right now I'm probably going to delete the local content until the full game is released and I wouldn't risk the roulette of whether or not it would work on your PC if you haven't bought it yet."
,Recommended,229580,10032736,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TeamLeader,"Very interesting idea but it could use some more features, such as a water gun that shoots alfredo sauce."
,Not Recommended,229580,11960726,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,The Judge,"I really wanted to be able to recommend this game... but I  can't.  I get that's it's early access and that is why I have given it SOME slack but this needs some serious improvement.  The washed out, over saturated dream world is annoying to navigate.  Does it really have to be that bright?  Some other items to navigate with or other places to go there would nice too other than just floating blocks.  I'm not a WASD player so the lack of key binding is also a minus.  OK, that will be added later. I let that one go.  Onto the desert puzzles.  Do I really need to be blinded by the sun everytime I try to read a signpost?  Lower the signs or lose the sun.  First, I solved the Graveyard puzzle but I expected more acknowledgement for doing so other than just the stone lighting up.  I think I am not the only one commenting on running the maze of lights FOUR TIMES is not fun. I also got my character stuck a couple of times in the pile of monitors by jumping/climbing then falling between some and I have been stopped by invisible walls from walking down corridors in the hollows that are clearly wide enough for my character.   It's not all bad.  The visuals in the puzzle world are beautiful and the music is fantastic.  I will try again later to see if thing have improved."
,Not Recommended,229580,28292522,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mxh,"Not a dream, a f!""#¤%ing maze running nightmare!Good concept, but mostly just a huge waste of time..."
76561198037608764,Not Recommended,229580,14152883,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GP99,"NOTE:  This review was given during the Early-Access phase.So before I write this review, I want to say that I'll be listing all of the pluses and minuses of the game below, but unfortunately a very prosaic and annoying issue is causing me to give this game a negative review and give a ""buyer beware"" review.  Hopefully in the near future, the issue will be sorted and I'll be able to play the game.  In a nutshell, this game has a game-ending bug that the devs have known about for (at least) a year and a half, and there's an entire Steam forum thread dedicated to it.  And given that they're going to be giving out release copies for review in roughly three months, I'm slightly concerned for them.  It seems like it's going to go very, very badly for this game if they hand out review copies of this game to major reviewers and the only thing that they can say is ""Yeah, I played it for 5 hours, it seemed cool, but then the game glitched out and I couldn't play anymore.""  In spite of my current experience, I really hope these issues get resolved and that the game is successful.  It's the first game I ever paid any attention to on Steam Greenlight, and it's one of the few that I voted for to be Greenlit.The game-ending bug:  So there's a part of the game (the Terrace Walkway sub-dream) where you need to turn pillars to solve a puzzle, and the glitch is that the pillars don't turn, they just wiggle back and forth and prevent you from solving the puzzle (and thus unlocking the rest of the game).  So... yeah.  This basically forces my hand, and I have to not recommend this game until this issue is sorted.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~A Review of the Game (the portion of the first world that I can actually get through)So Dream is a game coming from a group of unseasoned but clearly very talented game developers.  The style of the game itself is not entirely unique (it's in this new genre of games like Lifeless Planet and Dear Esther, which I guess you'd call atmospheric explorer games), but the execution and game itself are quite original and the execution is, in spite of a few issues, quite brilliant.  I think a lot of people are going to rag on this game essentially because they don't like atmospheric exploring games, but I think that they should be ignored.  The game itself is extremely fun.  So I look forward to being able to play the game in May.By the way, people have also been complaining about the puzzles.  I thought the puzzle of the head stones was really very clever, and it required probably two hours straight of messing around with it and a lot of logical thinking, which I thought was very fun.Warning: SPOILERS.  I will say a few things, however, that probably should be changed (and quite possibly are, this is an early-access copy after all).-- Although this game derives a lot of its uniqueness from sort of dropping you into a world and letting you slowly discover what the heck it is that you're supposed to be doing, there might be a little more of an idea of what's going on.  After spending an hour or two walking around aimlessly, the game starts to get boring, no matter how pretty the scenery is (but see my next point).  So would try to either make things a little bit more straightforward/logical or find some way to boost the player with at least a little bit of guidance.  I kind of feel like the beginning of the game needs to have a little bit more of a tutorial on what the game is about and some mindfulness of the fact that if they players get stuck in these large worlds, they're going to be bored.-- The game is supposed to be a big, beautiful open world, but your first level feels constricting and often claustrophobic, particularly the mazes.  Also, as near as I could tell, the mazes serve no function, yet there are many of them, and they aren't really fun and it's not conveyed in any way to the player that they don't need to waste two hours bumbling aimlessly in the scenic equivalent of a straightjacket.  If I have to bumble around aimlessly, I'd prefer that I was doing it in a big, open world where I get to freely explore.  (The Terrace Walkway, by contrast, had none of these issues.)-- You guys need to work out how to get the clicking of collectable objects more... functional.  I walked by the grass cutter to pick up the strange stone multiple times, and tried to press it multiple times to no avail.  You have to stand in the EXACT right spot the EXACT right distance, otherwise you'll never see that you can pick up the stone, even if you notice it might be something you can snag and actively try to snag it.-- The sun is WAY TOO BRIGHT.  Holy crap!  You guys need to turn that down a bit, you might blind someone. It also makes reading signs really hard, and it distracts from your wonderful landscape in certain cases.Again, I really hope I'll be able to play through this game in the future and give it a much more robust, positive review.  From an alpha stage, so far so good, but you guys are publishing this soon, so hop to it!  We want to see your game!"
,Recommended,229580,17306687,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,peef,"This game is amazing. 12 hours of amazing gameplay, with beautiful graphics and an immersive environment.1000/10 I would Dream again."
,Not Recommended,229580,19980854,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ploopploop,"I wont take a refund for this game but as of 27th of december 2015 this game is full of bugs or annoying glitches.I only have 30 minutes into this game so yes I am still eligeble for taking a refund.First of all and probably the most annoying of all, screen tearing. Despite vsync, a 980ti and other high end hardware this games gives me an awfull load of screen tearing. Lowering the resolution or overriding nvidia's settings on the game doesn't help. I like smooth gameplay and visuals, screen tearing is something that personally makes me hate a game. However this game has potentional and it looks gorgeous so I will patientfully wait for the updates...The graphical settings that can be adjusted are just to minimal. They should've given plenty more of options. For example I don't like blur, disabling it still results in a blurry depth in the distance.The game doesn't deliver much of a guide/tutorial on how to interact with certain puzzles. You just have to try every key to get to know the results, you can ofcourse check out the key bindings, but personally I don't think that a player has to go that far to get familiar with the important keys.It is also unclear as what to do, you kinda explore and free roam while solving a puzzle so now and then, then you enter a portal and scout out a new place where not everything always work as you'd expect.Probably the last thing for now that I found rather irritating, is the inventory. After messing with the keys I figured out that scrolling makes me pick an object from my inventory and it slowly materializes into my hand. This slowly.. is awefully annoying. It looks splendid and amazing, but that feeling fades away when you cycle through objects to inspect what they are... waiting for like 10 seconds per object results in a big time waste. If you have to look a small thing on a map you'd wait 10 seconds for it to materialize. So the wait is longer than what you have to look for. In the beginning I thought the game was just broken or so since it took that long.Apart from the puzzles being rather simple, they are close to unique. You won't find many other games with the same type of puzzles.I also enjoy the option of making my own choices rather than having a linear gameplay.As the last pro, the visuals are superb have to hand it out to them.TL;DR-screen tearing-unclear goals-hard to get used to basic game mechanics+visuals+freedomEdit:Forgot to mention 1 important thing, if it weren't for the music I'd quit this game after 5 minutes. Due the nice musics and clear voices I continued and discovered interesting elements, only reason I won't take a refund and just wait it out."
,Recommended,229580,9076796,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Trouvo,"ATM, I have an old 1gb graphics card (I know the shame, but IRL), and right now I can not get rid of the shadows(again...I know QQ) which causes a bad cd skipping style lag.  I have tried tweaking some settings for the game but to no avail.  The game looks great, the concept looks great, and it is beautiful, even at 1-3fps(just not playable) and that 1-3fps only starts once I get to an open world area(not stating names or anything or locations XP).  Hopefully Uncle Same will buy me a graphics card, or in an update or two of this alpha I can lower the settings.From the Details and graphics of what I can experience so far I would still recommend this game, for those that don't know the genre or what to expect, you could get a similar idea (from my understanding) from ""The Stanley Parable"" or ""The Stanley Parable Demo"".I will update my review when I can experience the game beyond the start of the first Dream...."
,Recommended,229580,9079624,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nick's Dad,This game is glitchy as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,229580,14998227,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mon Mon,"The gameplay, the soundtrack. Enough said."
76561198116578417,Not Recommended,229580,19147942,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,bridgeschem,Don't be fooled by 'partial controller support'. There is no controller support. Last update to this game was in August -- looks like the developer took the money and ran.
,Recommended,229580,17473233,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,LevelUpMax,"Like fez, but no-one's actually solved all the puzzles yet.Also slightly less fishy.(I'm sorry)"
,Recommended,229580,10234985,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dranged,"Amazingly unique game. The only downside that I dislike is the lack of any kind of help for what you are supposed to do. It is easy to get lost in it.. and I am talking 2 different ways. But this game is awesome and is beautiful. I wish I had dreams like this, well.. some of them."
,Recommended,229580,23238879,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,hatsunator,I found the game beautiful in it's asthetics but when it came to environment it seemed a bit... spoiler filled.While the puzzles are well crafted you more often than not get hints or cheat-sheets handed to you on a silver platter.I would easilly recomend this game to someone who is new to spacial navigation puzzles.For any one that is well versed in the geanre you may find the asthetics and plot are the only thing really keeping you here.
76561198076733890,Not Recommended,229580,30264341,Posted: 1 March,all,karinchick,"If you enjoy wandering around and running into puzzles that have zero explanation, this game is for you! I, however, like SOME idea of what I'm supposed to do to progress into the next area..."
,Recommended,229580,19158406,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,vanyasem,"what a hell is wrong with all the top-reviewers?""Menu works bad"" - is this a point to rate this INCREDIBLE game with UNREAL graphics 0/10?Well, it's definetelly not.This game is simply amazing.Deep story, a lot of objects to interact with, good translations (English voice is a little bit quiet tho)Even TEXTURES are transleted. Really cool game.This game has some lack of optimization (but it's acceptable)The music matches. The gameplay can be played in a lot of different ways.This game DEFINETELLY worth it's money."
,Not Recommended,229580,18732869,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,1ce,"I bought this game a pretty long time ago and expected some big changes, but when I started playing it again I got really disappointed by the bad game progress.4/10"
76561198006298114,Not Recommended,229580,23317972,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,kod666,Do not buy this game even if they offer it for free.The game is full of glitches that makes it unplayable and terribly boring (when you need to repeat the same puzzle couple of times simply because the game glitches or crashes during it - like conveyor puzzle).
,Not Recommended,229580,13724723,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Akkronym,"It's entirely possible that I'm just not the target audience for this game, so please before taking my word for it, read some of the more positive reviews for it and see if they sound more in line with your expectations.Personally, I couldn't get into it. I really wanted to because the concept seemed really interesting and the screenshots were absolutely gorgeous, but there doesn't appear to be any gameplay - or at least, I couldn't find any. The game offers no concrete direction about where to go, what to do, or what's important. You are given a character you know next to nothing about and a dreamworld for him to explore. After a couple directionless hours, I managed to find and solve one puzzle, go to a second...place that didn't appear to have anything to do, and grab a few collectibles which could just as easily be critical to the story and its progression as it is to be just collectibles.I can get passed the lack of polish and the graphical glitches that make it run sluggish and jittery even on hardware above it's recommended specs, but I don't have the time or the patience to figure out what makes this game worth playing and what I'm supposed to do in it. I understand that the game is supposed to have a lot of exploration and discovery to it, and it does. The problem is that without a stated goal, exploration quickly turns into simply being lost.Honestly a solid tutorial would go a long way to giving direction to the experience, but I imagine that if one was planned, it would have been implemented by now. If you like walking around aimlessly looking at beautiful scenery, this game has something to offer you. If you're looking for anything else, unfortunately, I think you should pass on Dream."
76561198113115442,Recommended,229580,13051899,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,+FS~Santos1,"although certain areas have their bugs, it was a great experience as the game progress. The puzzles seem to be intertaining and the right amount of dificulty."
,Not Recommended,229580,29237833,Posted: 13 January,all,Daemonrocks23,"I had to get a refund due to not being able to launch the game.Running an AMD FX 6300 CPU, and a AMD Radeon HD 6800 GPU, with 16GB of DDR3 RAM."
,Not Recommended,229580,29412586,Posted: 21 January,all,Darkonius,"Unfinished game full of bugs. Only good thing about this game is the atmosphere (music, areas etc.) and notes you found around (notes about dreams and meaning of dreams). Also this game lacks tutorial, hints are rare, no instructions how to use items, what they do etc. The good side-dreams can be found only if you read the walkthroughs or if you are extremely lucky. The house (when awake) doesn't change when you finish the acts. It's pretty weird and funny sometimes. Especially how the character uses the flashlight. The game would be pretty good if the developers fixed all the bugs and added proper tutorial for some things. Also there are no people in this dreams, wtf?"
,Recommended,229580,16154449,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Macro,"I can't wait to play the final version! But still, I'm having a lot of fun with the game as it is. That damn labyrinth..."
76561198250134792,Recommended,229580,20201067,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Arstotzkan Eagle,Please implement a map system. Something like Minecraft where you write a map as you go.
,Not Recommended,229580,31029395,Posted: 8 April,all,Electronium,The game tries so hard but gets nothing done.
,Not Recommended,229580,15944536,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Wreckshop,"Hmm, bought this game 2 years ago and it's still in Alpha 0.5..."
76561198065657563,Recommended,229580,16104084,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ATL // GOOSE,"very very good indie game! it can be very tough at times, but dont give up! it has a very unique story and beautiful graphics"
,Recommended,229580,7945365,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,JCX50,Needs some serious improvement. Good concept but needs to hurry up with development.
,Not Recommended,229580,19678761,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,end my life,"DON'T BUYPoorly OptimizedGrainy GraphicsOverpricedIsn't being fixedBoring game1/10 ""Buy Undertale Instead"""
76561198071623381,Not Recommended,229580,32985034,Posted: 29 June,all,IDChristian,"A big No.The game seems to have left early access because it was there for too long and developers just wanted to get this game out of their way. Bland, empty and pretty much does not explain what is happening.The game does not give any sadisfaction, and is one of the worst games I have played.An idea that had a horrible execution."
76561198211211188,Recommended,229580,31711256,Posted: 12 May,all,RHelectrons | ♧,a game where you run around in dreams and nigthmareslove it!
,Not Recommended,229580,20095189,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,shabbledoo,"Bad pacing, bad voice acting, and lots of technical flaws."
,Not Recommended,229580,29174500,Posted: 10 January,all,ï∩εwdΓε,"Played my almost 5 hours.  It looked to be like an amazing surreal experience, and for a little while, it was!  The developers were quite imaginitive, I'll give them that.  However, it's too heavy on the puzzles.  The puzzles totally ruined the immersion for me.  I had to spend too much time figuring them out, so much in fact that the environments and cool messages were no longer interesting.  Then, of course, the developers DID indeed disappear, as you've read in other reviews.  Don't call it an exploration game.  Exploration is fun.  This is like OOOOOOoooooo AAAHHHHHHhhhhhhh...... AAAAHHH LOOK GUYS ANOTHER STUPID PUZZLE IN MY DREAM.WHY AM I DREAMING ABOUT PUZZLES"
,Recommended,229580,9060114,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Erionic,10/10
,Not Recommended,229580,19307102,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Yunakitten,This game is confusing and just plain boring
,Recommended,229580,19189354,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Darklorel | Yuzuki,well it crashes after i enter the first portal after i start sleepinghelp. I paid 10$ for this
76561198001736911,Not Recommended,229580,19195055,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,smadsen,"For windows 7 users, this game will lag like no other."
,Recommended,229580,1209343,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Öz,"This is for refined, cultured ♥♥♥♥♥♥s like me. If you are one of those people who like pretty games with cool puzzles and intriguing storylines that make you think and do math, then buy this game. Otherwise, Make fun of me from a distance, call me pretentious, pedantic, elitist, etc. I will ♥♥♥♥ your face with my cultured♥♥♥♥♥♥alllll the wayyyy from heerrrreeee7 nocturnal emissions out of 10 because it's not done."
76561198011552261,Not Recommended,229580,20194746,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jpwhome,"Wow, a video game that's embarrised to be a video game. I have a term for a video game where you enter a dream world where you explore a fantastical world beyond our own. It's called a video game. I don't need a level where I sleep and dream of another world. That's just an overly elaborate loading screen. I was also hoping it was another version of ""Gone Home"". Instead, It's a bland version of psychonauts."
76561198100328559,Not Recommended,229580,19221265,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cas,"I dont like it. clumpsy controls, way too long cutscenes"
,Not Recommended,229580,16739067,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ShRoomZ,"Early Access Game indeed as it is still bugged up all over. The game looks pretty cool and cant wait to see what happens with This ""Dream"".  I will be waiting for a few more updates to roll out before proceding as this does look promising."
76561198107150076,Recommended,229580,20003497,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The_Turret_is_A_Spy,Yes it was fun and puzzling. However it does run kind of slow.
76561198082085219,Not Recommended,229580,9058781,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Smug Witch,"So far, I dont know what to think. I finally got the game to start with the new patch, and started playing it, immeadiately had to turn everything having to do with graphics to the lowest point possible, and less than an hour in, I get to a point that looks pretty good, and I'm sure would look better if it wasn't running almost 1 frame per second (Not even kidding) at most times. My computer is fairly good, but you probably need a super gaming computer to pay this game anything close to how it's intended, similar in my mind to Gone Home, as to the feel of the game being as good, I'll have to see."
76561197989314612,Not Recommended,229580,15261562,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sidewinder,"The trailer makes you think this will be interesting and immersive, but I was just bored out of my mind. I tried on multiple occasions to get into this game, but after a few minutes of aimless wandering I just think ""who cares""?"
,Not Recommended,229580,21219074,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,lester5550,"3 years ago i wrote the devs a list of bugs to fix, as is common in early access - you're basically there to help. as well as this, i praised their game for its premise and promise.half of those bugs remain and the game sucks balls."
,Not Recommended,229580,13159304,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kroutons,"I'd say no to the early access version. It keeps crashing on me. I remember when I tried opening it up, it took like 20 minutes for it to actually start running.Pros:-Graphics are pretty good/decent-The concept/idea of the whole game is cool (it gives off a nostalgic kind of vibe)-The sound effects and music really set the moodCons:-LAGGY-Will crash on you (multiple times)-controls aren't the best (my screen froze multiple times and the controls automatically revert to their default settings in the middle of the game)It's great if you're into exploring, but again the lag ruins it. Plus, it's really easy to get lost in the game. It doesn't give you base to start off on."
,Recommended,229580,21159848,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Castino Blueberry,its smart and good
,Not Recommended,229580,17342457,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,GiLneration,A gaming nightmare.
,Not Recommended,229580,15364451,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hang Glider Tom,"Found this game to be really, really boring. There is absolutely no story to this except a few clues to who used to live in the house. Allthough I know this is an unfinished game (and that there are bugs even before the game starts) I would have to give this a 2/10. I did NOT finish the game, so it may be getting better, but I feel like I've already used way too much time on this game."
76561198155456252,Not Recommended,229580,14751454,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Cuccoinabottle,"Early Access? I really hope the Game developers read this.if this game has been out for early access for years why didn't they release the game for real yet? its 2015 right, i can't even play this game, i payed $16 for it and i cant play it because it lags way to much, it just makes me very irritated. The game looks really beautiful, and i want to know what happens in the story, but it means nothing when the game lags so much that i cant play it, i swear the game developers better fix their game, this game was released for early access in 2013 but now its 2015 two years later and the game plays horribly, its not smooth, its very clunky and hard to play, i just wasted $16 dollars. thank you so much, if they fix the game, i'll definitely give it another shot. the only reason i bought the game was because i thought that two years after the release it would play smoothly. two years and the game is still lagging? other games on my pc run just fine. so obviously this game has problems, i just really want this game to be good. and if the lag was gone i would love this game, but it lags so much that i hate this game."
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,229580,13066625,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,caidicus,"Previously recommended this game, then it went non-VR, which is the only reason I bought it.Whether it's a good game or not, I won't know anymore as it's no longer something I want to experience."
,Recommended,229580,20414096,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"This is a pretty fun game. I liked the visuals and the music is amazing. I enjoyed most of the puzzles immensely. Only things I didn't like were sometimes I had to use a guide to find out what to do next because of unintuitive procedures (examples:use a stone to turn a tower?anduse the teleporter to find the hospital in Act 3?), confusing maps (examples: the desert map is large and all the cornors look the same it's difficult to navigate,the office map has 2 side dreams that are hidden on the 1st floor and 3rd floor), very little help from the game narrator and a few glitches (example: in nightmare 3 can't put down an object after picking it up). Doing the maze puzzle 4 times was not that fun either.Did I mention I enjoyed the music!?!"
,Not Recommended,229580,21598343,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,S7ЯIDΞЯ,What a f king nightmare
,Not Recommended,229580,33893013,Posted: 29 July,all,"Sheev-en, Emperor of the Galaxy","Bought this game a long time ago, didn't enjoy it, so don't buy it (unless it's really cheap)."
,Not Recommended,229580,10048098,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,giancarlo1985,"FINAL UPDATE 4/29/2017: This game was completely abandoned and seems to actually be worse than it's first release. The updates they did do in the past made the game even worse. This is a complete thumbs down. It's a nauseating game and one of the few that has ever given me a headache. Don't waste your money on this unfinished cash grab. A game like this shouldn't even be on Steam anymore. It's completely and utterly abandoned. Perhaps Steam should remove these games because some may think there could be more released for it.In my final thoughts... this is a game that started off with a great deal of potential, but ended up being a complete dud. It already looks dated graphically and the gameplay offers much of nothing. Don't waste your money!Update 5/15/2016: Little has been done on this game and I am quite disappointed. And the movement of this game has started to make me feel sick. The swaying is something people have complained about. I'm going to have to change this to one I don't recommend. I hope the developers get back to this and start to dramatically improve this game. There have been fun exploration games like Qbeh-1, Talos Principle, etc... none of them that made me have a headache like this game. And the dock area was the worst. Oh and I haven't played it in a long while, and my progress seems to have reset when I first opened it. Sorry, but I need to change my review to a thumbs down. For now.Old Review: This is just a nice casual exploration game with some very interesting parts to it. The nightmare parts are a bit terrifying. The game is still in development so much more will come, but so far I am enjoying the experience. As far as to whether the game is for everyone... it isn't. This isn't a game where you will see non-stop action, even though it is based on the Unreal engine. The graphics are good in certain parts, while not as great in others... but that is to be expected.The puzzles are a challenge at times and require some level of thinking. The experiments in the Augmented Reality offices dream are quite a challenge. I will not spoil much, so i'll keep this short. If you want a game with non-stop action, look elsewhere. But if you like a casual exploration/puzzle game that provides a challenge, I do recommend Dream."
76561198062726477,Not Recommended,229580,34850264,Posted: 9 September,all,BLOODYFISHTACO,Boring walking sim. Why did I buy this?
,Not Recommended,229580,22152732,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Seva,"It's boring, full of bugs, and besides of that, it's full of text and not translated to spanish"
76561198110762233,Recommended,229580,14775615,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,IMYM,"Честно признать, наверное это самый завораживающий пазл из всех, который мне удалось собрать."
76561198093231752,Recommended,229580,19137872,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KnicKKnacK,"Very pretty game, I'm not one to play single player games, but this has been one of the few that's managed to hold my attention. I personally still like to pic it up and play it every once in a while. There are some areas where it could use a little polish, but my time with it has been well spent. If it's on sale I'd recommend that anyone buy it!"
,Recommended,229580,13846386,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,stone cold killa,"This is what Martin Luther King, Jr. was talking about"
,Recommended,229580,17329708,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,alan sleep,Awesome
,Not Recommended,229580,18087613,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Tasmonex,"Искал игры по Лавкрафту, купился на тэг ""Лавкрафт"" (сейчас его уже нет). Как оказалось, единственная связь с Лавкрафтом - это имя главгероя (Говард Филлипс) и сама тематика жизни во сне в противовес серой реальной жизни.Эти симуляторы ходьбы давно пора банить в стиме, их авторы раз за разом показывают, что ничего геймплейно интересного они создать не могут, и все что у них есть - это несколько страниц скучнейшего графоманского бреда, который они и накладывают на любительский графон. Надеюсь, Ктулху пробудится ото сна и захавает этих чертей."
,Recommended,229580,17407983,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Smart Bâss Turd,Accidentially ate every cupcake at the tea party.10/10 would trip again.
76561198023733175,Not Recommended,229580,19151505,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jay30mcr,This game has been in development way too long and now its just a totally boring buggy game. Why do you have a Vsync option when it makes absolutely no difference to screen tearing in this game?
,Not Recommended,229580,19294516,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,89BDY-7PTT7-XKKZQ,Until they fix the numerous bugs i would strongly advise you wait to buy this. Hopefully they finish the game (or at least fix some problems) as I found game really intriguing
,Recommended,229580,19139302,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sir Jerksalot,"This game is very relaxing and wondrous. Until you enter the Outlast portion of the game. Don't be fooled, this game is Outlast in disguise.10/10."
76561198026853420,Not Recommended,229580,19144110,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Marnixbolks,Please. Just don't buy this game. i feel bad for screwing op 10 euro on this piece of crap game which looks fun at first sight but really isn't.
,Not Recommended,229580,17334954,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jess,"This game is terrible, tremendous piles of crap.The looks and atmosphere are amazing.I got scared, and the music was good.BUT, there are so many problems!1. The Oculus Rift on the floor in the bedroom, I looked at it, and then I couldnt back out, so i had to restart.2. The Holiday food puzzle, half the buttons just stopped working, so I could not complete the puzzle.3. I got stuck, literally couldn't move in several places, had to restart.The game is a good effort, but is still horribly broken. Don't buy it, crack it, it is not worth £10. It is worth £3 at most.Developers, you need to fix your game, seriously."
76561198205801056,Not Recommended,229580,14594232,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ruto..,Not OculusDK2 compatible. wasted my mones. shiiiiiiiiet
76561198097563510,Not Recommended,229580,14264144,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,volnuttc,"honestly. i was stupid enough to buy this ""early access"" game that's still early access two years now. it's trash. learn from my mistake and keep that money in your pocket."
,Not Recommended,229580,20494109,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kuzo,horrible dont waste your money
76561198059690097,Not Recommended,229580,17474081,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,1gamer13,"This game is simply unfinished and needs to be placed back into early access. It is also possible to finish this game in about 2 to 3 hours. There were many points in the game where the glitches either distracted from the game itself, or were entirely game breaking. For example: when I entered on of the side levels to see what was in it, the entire level was turned at a 45 degree angle which made it imposible to play. There is also some story that is presented by two voice actors talking to one another. i really hope you like it because it is reused over and over after literally every level, and it goes on for a long time too. Basically, it will replay the same thing just with a little bit more added to the end of it. It also has one of the worst I have seen in a long time; because, after you beat the sixth level, all you have to do is enter the last portal in the hub area to win. I'm not joking, that is how it ends. I'm incredibly disappointed because I have supported this since it first came on steam, and I was hoping that many of the issues would be fixed when it came out of early access, but they weren't.Just buy a different game, it's not worth $17. There are pleanty of other games that are much better and longer lasting than this game."
,Recommended,229580,26239204,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,lil c nj CSGOnecro.com,"Love the game, definetly a recommendation by me. 10/10 would walk aimlessly around again."
,Not Recommended,229580,20986867,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Scruffy The Janitor,Gets borning quickly
,Not Recommended,229580,33735600,Posted: 22 July,all,GSBatt,Not controller compartible...Não tem compatibilidade com controle....
,Recommended,229580,19108466,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Pèpè Silvia,An excellent puzzle game with beautiful soundtrack and visuals and enough story to keep you motivated. If you enjoy games like Myst then this is  highly recommended!
76561197962973671,Recommended,229580,12522894,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Past0ri,"Voyage to your own mind... You must descent to your dreams and face your fears. Or something like that. Adventure/puzzle game with nice graphics and landscapes, didnt played it through tough, it gets quite tricky. Maybe some day..."
,Not Recommended,229580,15709198,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,TONKAHANAH,"I bought this game 2 years ago.. its still in early access and it is the prime example as to why I will not buy early access games. Early access should be for games in a ""Near ready to release"" state, like late beta 6 months till release tops. I bought this game back in August of 2013 and now its May 5th 2015..I dont know if they're busy making the most amazing indie game ever or if they're just being lazy ♥♥♥♥♥ because they have my money.Just saw the name of the Dev studio: ""HyperSloth"", really live'n up to your names eh?"
,Not Recommended,229580,18281281,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Seth Parker,"Waste of time.After buying, I expected incredible landscapes, a well written story of why he's even thinking of this kind of stuff, and so on. Of course not though, instead you get a bland walking simulator with an annoying character.The locations were okay. I couldn't marvel at these TOTALLY SPECTACULAR LOCATIONS (sarcasm), since the optimization was complete garbage. I got 5 frames on the lowest graphics, I'd at least expect 20 frames which is what I got with Dark Souls, another terribly optimized game (but incredible!).Nothing special with the story, just saying a bunch of uninteresting things I couldn't bare to listen to since all I did was walk, walk, walk.I bought this game for $20. What a grave mistake."
76561197966777311,Not Recommended,229580,10036944,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,PwnHawx1337,"Still does not support VR, which was the selling point in my case and that's dissapointing."
76561198044177290,Not Recommended,229580,13085728,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,B),meh
,Not Recommended,229580,13863115,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"I realize that this game is still in development, but I just can't make myself really like it. I have a long history with lucid dreaming, and so was naturally very excited about such a game. However the plot is quite vague and unclear (apparently the story is still in development), and the gameplay sits in an uncomfortable middle ground between an ambient open-plan experience and an abstract puzzler.Also, even if V-Sync is enabled the game has tearing issues which border on the nauseating (am playing with a GTX 980 and a 3Ghz i5 CPU, so I doubt my system is to blame). I'll give this game another go once it is out of development and re-evaluate my review then, but as it stands, it's very much a work in progress."
,Recommended,229580,7119422,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,SuperNinjaOctopus,"It's a very beautiful game, I love everyhting about it. I would rate it around 9-10, it is a must-play game"
,Not Recommended,229580,17408070,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"DREam tells the story of Doctor Dre, famed hip-hop artist and producer. In this game you play as Jerimiah Dre, a young black man who roams the crime ridden streets of Compton looking for ways to end gang violence.The game genre is MMOFPS (Many Men Ovulate For Personal Salaries). You can team up with your friends to stop gangs from taking the streets of Compton. You can also form a rap group called ""N.W.A"" which stands for ♥♥♥♥♥z Wit AttitudeIt is not good."
76561198167775366,Not Recommended,229580,23127160,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Aleestoor,I don't mean to be hateful but the game seems pointless if all you're doing is just roaming around. the scenery isn't even worth exploring. I can't seem to figure out what I'm even supposed to be doing.
,Not Recommended,229580,19659810,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DeadSurvivor,I fell asleep playing this game.....
76561198119661514,Not Recommended,229580,10039602,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,AssassinSunny,Its boring.
,Not Recommended,229580,23888095,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nightmare!,The trailer is fantastic and uplifting. The game's potential is tangible. The game itself is a buggy mess.That's about it.
76561198129655584,Not Recommended,229580,17448086,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Niker Beano,if u are into puzzels go for it but don't fall for the trailer dis game sucks... and u need a really good beefy computer to play i have a laptop and well... i wish i could refound it
76561198090967721,Not Recommended,229580,9195176,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,tyndal,"Too early in the development.Issues include and there should be a warning about veritgo - Motion Sickness.Multiple crashes including UDK and Hitting video memory limits/storage.It is in development and it's wonderful but due to the game maker wanting you to upgrade/fix your machines rather then make it playable by coding to machine detect and adjust is an issue,There should be code to (as an example) in one of the mazes as you wander the floor and walls rock slowly left and right. it needs an option to disable it.Options needs a keymap. How can I save before exiting a completed area in case it crashes. Only by experiment did I figure out ""i"" shows inventoryThis game needs enhancements before a roll out, especially when it is making people phisically ill."
,Not Recommended,229580,30804524,Posted: 28 March,all,Lil Zap,I Dreamed i was playing a better game
76561198150003483,Not Recommended,229580,12751666,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,haltrooper,"The dream worlds are interesting and attractive, but the game is far too buggy to really enjoy. The lag, shoddy mechanics, and bugs make the game frustrating to play, and the lack of interactable objects makes the game get boring. I'd wait till the final version came out to even consider buying this game. Really not worth the money in its current state (I bought it on sale half price, still not worth it)."
,Recommended,229580,32745953,Posted: 24 June,all,DuckHunter,"A pretty noice first person exploration game. Its a bit diifficult, but when youre the one then you can deal with it."
76561198128590698,Not Recommended,229580,28853853,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shadowblade,"Dumbass story, poorly made areas, wonky controls, unclear instructions and paths to follow, not to mention the lake house puzzle where you have to serve certain food to cabins? No body has made a video on completing it.Why is it that every game that involves Dreams as its main subject always suck? Don't buy this game, the screenshots only show a game thats good. And this game is NOT good."
,Not Recommended,229580,30803238,Posted: 28 March,all,9seed,The first puzzle surpassed my Patience and mental capacity. Not really my cup of proverbial tea.
,Recommended,229580,17371038,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,lwrocks,It's pretty and fun. That's all you need to know
,Recommended,229580,28417010,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rose Gold Rose,"This game scares me...i couldnt get far in the game cause i got panicky,but i like the look"
76561198071755562,Not Recommended,229580,18212654,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lil' Chew Chew,"Alas, another boring walking sim, for a genre that has alot of potential. I hardly understand whats even hapening, why its happening, and why i should waste my time on this. definetely not worth your money. but if you unfortunately become intersted in the games engine and aesthetic, wait until a sale comes up for this game.  3/10"
76561198158042710,Recommended,229580,19162804,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,kyoz,the game is great
,Not Recommended,229580,20751345,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,John Player,0/10
,Recommended,229580,12751286,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,428,This game is messed up messed up messed (u messed{; messe semm ǝssǝɯ ɯǝssǝm3553m355e_347983978q738733y7qy7+r3q27y3rq2y7r2q3yqr32y73q2r7yq32ry7q2r3rewruhhrhrewrhr273y_7424y23873y7ec3ny7823v2n-q4%^(*0v&%5eC^%v65C4cC$&CEC$&CECECE^$CE&^ce&^4ce6v46CEce6ce6ceCEce6V$EC^CE^6v7c4c67vce4^vce6cev$vCE&CEV$^c4vce&CEV$&ECV^$cE$VcE$CEV&CEV$^cev64eCV$^CEV^&CEV$cEV^&EC^V$ceV$^cv4eECV&v6CE$7eCEC&$4CE$ECV7vCEecVCE$^. Multiple endings. Great development.Story 9/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10Music 9/10Overall 9/10
,Not Recommended,229580,25537932,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bayside,- Plays game for first time- Impressed by the visuals and the beginning- Get to the cube portal area- Takes me twenty minutes to figure out where to go- Gets to the desert level- Spend over an hour wandering aimlessly wondering where to go- Falls through the floor- Uninstalls the game
76561198118755462,Not Recommended,229580,30985111,Posted: 6 April,all,Mrs. RedHotFist,"I have a dream that one day I will stop spending money on games with terrible graphics, a terrible protagonist and another terrible German dubbing."
,Not Recommended,229580,12225986,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Fruity Shoemaker™,"Slow, boring gameplay, annoying puzzles and some kind of story... i think."
76561198070901186,Not Recommended,229580,9444314,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Smoglessmike 13,"i loved this game when it WOULD work, it just doesnt open up on my computer anymore unless i open it in the oculus Rift mode, which since i dont have one is still a problem. whenever i go to open it up it just shows the steam's little launching box to open it then once that disapears the game never opens up and steam shows that i never opened the game except with the last played chanced to today, if this problem doesnt apply to you the game is amazing in every aspect and i would highly recommend it but since this is a continuous problem for me i unfortuantely cannot enjoy the game at all"
,Not Recommended,229580,10292487,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,electroShogun,"This game is a glitchy mess. I literally couldn't even play it because it kept changing the options on me. It muted the audio and inverted the y-axis without me telling it to, and when I fixed it and went back to the game, it didn't respond to my mouse. Entirely unplayable at the moment. I will revisit once the game-breaking bugs are fixed and write a proper review."
,Not Recommended,229580,28804450,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,passionforclocks32,Downloaded this game when it was free a long time ago. Not sure why any one would have paid that much for it.
,Not Recommended,229580,11093829,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nim,"I feel its trying too hard to be ""deep"" and artistic, and is more of an expirience than a game, it is also a buggy as hell mess, I would only get if you REALY like art games"
76561198097149424,Not Recommended,229580,9323356,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,staklyt,"Really sorry to say that there is nothing likeable about this game. The graphics are not nice, creative or anyhow good. The gameplay is ok in the beginning, but severly lacks any logic story or enough clues about what to do or why. There must be more informations given about the setting, about what we have to do or where we should go. The former amusement park lack of enough information about how to go on... NO WAY TO GO ON.There should be a guidance system introduced.Bad!"
76561198019257030,Not Recommended,229580,17361475,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Lockrick,"-Hit tab-Type ""SetGravity 10.0""-Hit tab again-Type ""jump""-Have a fun flightIf you like games for their quirks, this is for you!"
,Not Recommended,229580,9061748,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Arrick :3,"I don't know if its some kind of glitch or what, I think I fulfill all the requirements I have a great asus gaming laptop, the only other game that gives me this low of a framerate is Estranged and just like estranged this game has a very slow framerate nomatter how low I have the settings. If It can handle dead island online with ultra settings It should be able to handle this game no problem, but it doesn't. I assume because its not optimized yet or something. Hopefully it gets better soon since I already payed for it."
,Not Recommended,229580,29076534,Posted: 6 January,all,CrazedRed,I dreamt that this game was actually good...too bad it was only a dream
76561198066553474,Not Recommended,229580,12234661,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Trustno1,this game is no longer in working progress! However it needs it! It's buggy and clunky however the challenges and puzzles are great if you don't mind resetting the game 2 or 3 times per level to get the puzzle to work the way it's sposed to.
,Recommended,229580,9505561,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Slaveman Žižek,"Trayvon Martin walked across the street, quietly humming a Christian hymn that his grandmother used to sing to him as a child. He looked up to see that it was raining and pulled his hoodie up before tucking the Skittles and iced tea into his pocket so that it wouldn't get wet.George Zimmerman rode along in his car while listening to the anthem of Nazi Germany at full volume, light from the street lamps gleaming off of his bald head. Suddenly he saw Trayvon and was instantly filled with rage when he saw this little ape walking in his proud white neighborhood.Zimmerman grabbed his Hitler Youth knife and AK-47 assault rifle, which was illegally modified for full auto and had banana clips loaded with cop killer rounds. You could never be too careful with these monkeys, after all.""Hey you fucking nigger, what are you doing here?!"" Zimmerman yelled.Trayvon jumped when he heard Zimmerman's brazen swearing and use of racial slurs. His grandmother had always made sure that such language was never spoken in her household.""Please sir,"" Trayvon said politely ""I am only on my way home to my grandmother's house.""""You walked into the wrong neighborhood, nigger."" Zimmerman said as he cocked his AK-47 assault rifle.Trayvon threw up his hands over his head in surrender. The iced tea and Skittles hit the wet pavement.""HEIL HITLER!"" Zimmerman yelled before unloading the entire clip of his AK-47. Trayvon never stood a chance against Zimmerman's full-auto assault. Trayvon hit the ground, bleeding out from 57 bullet wounds.""That'll teach niggers to walk around in my proud Aryan neighborhood."" Zimmerman sneered. He clicked his heels together and gave a crisp Nazi salute before leaving the boy to die.Trayvon looked up to the sky and saw the hand of black Jesus come down and lift him directly to Heaven.Zimmerman pulled out his cell phone and dialed 911. ""Yes, 911?"" Zimmerman said as he polished his AK-47 menacingly. ""I'd like to report a robbery..."""
,Not Recommended,229580,9206126,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ItWasntTobias,"I cant play the game. Everytime i start the first level my character wonders around on his own and the camera spins like a drunk mans head. cant say anything about actual gameplay, because i have not been able to play it yet. FIX THIS!"
,Recommended,229580,8566269,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheTim,Crap
76561198069539035,Not Recommended,229580,29731567,Posted: 5 February,all,HARRY BORRIMAS,I can't get past the desert graveyard puzzle!!!!!
,Not Recommended,229580,8562249,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,McNutty,"At this current state (for me) the game is unplayable. I'm running on a core i7, 8gb ram and gtx 660 2gb and even after setting all settings and resolution to lowest I get a max of around 15 fps. I will reccomend this one these issues are dealt with since the concept of the game itself is promising."
,Not Recommended,229580,8841259,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,D e v i,"I dont know, had pretty high expectations for this.. Haven't finished it, but it's pretty annoying to walk around blindly and trying not to fall asleep while playing...The level design is really repetitive and simply BORING! Desert, desert, desert, white place, desert, house, desert... If the desert place is something the player has to visit more than once, YOU PUT MORE EFFORD INTO THAT PLACE! If I can make a better looking game in UDK, what excuse do the developers of this game have?Also every place I've visited to so far has left me feeling like it didnt even matter that I went there because there was no conclusion or nothing really changed.I'm going to give this game another go but let's just say that the first hours have not been that great."
,Not Recommended,229580,9388011,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ato Kaihaku,"Awesome trailer, beautiful screenshots, but there's no gameplay.  I want my money back!"
,Not Recommended,229580,8737836,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,4th,"I was expecting this to be amazing, alas, it is just a tedious grind through a boring story with mediocre voice acting. Don't buy. There are many other games that do what this attempts to do with much better execution."
76561198094936736,Not Recommended,229580,9048380,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Radishes,"Boring and tedious. Nice scenary however. As someone who usually goes for this sort of narrative game I can say that I'm just disappointed by how unengaging the ""plot"" is, which is really a major flaw considering this is the only thing the game could have going for it as the game-play itself is simply repetitive and uncomplicated.JUST BORING."
,Not Recommended,229580,8766726,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,AROAH The Cuckboi,"I voted for this on Greenlight.I paid money for this.Actual money that I earned at my job.I spent my green, paper representation of time spent doing things for others on a game that virtually lacks gameplay.I don't know what this game is supposed to be, but I know what it isn't: a game.Or maybe it is, since people seem to think that Gone Home is a game, for some awful reason.In any case, if you want to spend money on a game where your character, who is terribly voice acted by someone who talks incredibly quietly (or rather the dev didn't bother checking the volume levels of his character's voice as compared to everything else), walks around in horrifically empty levels full of invisible walls, reminiscent of a game that was meant to be something totally different and then was abandoned, then be my guest. Buy this.However, if you'd rather save your money for a game that actually has a point outside of walking about, doing little more than faff about, I recommend that route.Perhaps the game will update into something that I could call ""playable."" Perhaps it will actually take on direction. In the meantime, steer clear of this non-game."
,Not Recommended,229580,11774489,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Regulator,Another pretentious Indie walking simulator.
,Not Recommended,229580,12758209,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sachi,"Looks interesting, but I can't play it!It's too buggy to do anything at all!"
76561198085439156,Not Recommended,229580,10225852,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,adrianmcfarlane,not working
,Not Recommended,229580,28772129,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Doctor Deuce,p bad
,Not Recommended,229580,29677772,Posted: 3 February,all,WSDDestroy3r,I dont know what I should do in this game. Direction makes me confused.
,Not Recommended,229580,12728200,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,WastedPotato,"Very frustrating in its current state got stuck in the garden ""world"" stones would not turn in a predictable manner, or at all."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,229580,9049562,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,01001000 01001001,"Take the narration out of the game, your voice and dialogue is atrocious."
,Not Recommended,229580,8345839,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jazzkutya,Mazes. I hate'em.
76561198044865862,Recommended,229580,9054278,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,decline,"Dont buy the game!!! It dont work because of some error that devoleper dont have fix yet and their no solution to date (udk error)edit: the developer Fixed it, The game run great and graphic are splendide for a indie title but the game feel alot empty at this early Point."
,Not Recommended,229580,10031781,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ciradis,GEE I SURE WISH THIS GAME HAD AUDIO
,Not Recommended,229580,8763107,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Professor,Broken. Unplayable.This is why Early Access games are a terrible idea.
,Not Recommended,229580,10200817,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,vodkins,WHAT!? No key rebind options again?This is 1337th indie game without possibility to remap keyboard layout. I've bought two of them today: Antechamber and this one. In both of them i was forced to seek those correct *Input.ini files and seek where inside of them real config is stored. Please kill me already! Why in hell this so difficult for genious indie devs to make input rebind option in game menu? ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,229580,33111079,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
,Not Recommended,229580,25706653,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,COCK,puke inducing
76561198008281514,Not Recommended,229580,32848368,Posted: 27 June,all,VorteX,"i hate puzzlesalso, someone should explain to the protagonist that no one will run up and beat him if he SPEAKS LOUDER."
76561197968175487,Not Recommended,229580,7879880,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Pax Mantis,"I bought the game after seeing it in rift enabled and blared in every media as VR supported only to find out on its forums that the feature is coming up ""soon"" (and this was posted in august!). So I was pretty much scammed by marketing and when you check the community hub other users have done the same mistake too...the developer does no effort to tell that the feature is still not available.To tell the truth what this tech demo is (since its far from a game yet):1. You have a Gone Home (available on Steam for few dollars) type of house where you can switch lights on and off + close and open drawers.2. You have terran generator run on UDK. You can pretty much test this youself by downloading it for free.3. You get REALLY FREAKING HORRIBLE voice acting alongside of disasterous dialogue writing (which suits it well). Luckly there are only around 5 lines that the guy repeats, always referring himself as Howard...devs please... the person in Stanley Parable repeats his name because he is the storyteller. If I refer to myself by first name all the time I am either Julius Caesar or just a narsist.All this can be experienced in a ""dream"" which is just a white room filled with cubes or endless catacombs. Depending on which one you like to have dreams more about! After about 2 hour of gameplay I found yet another interesting catacomb where I could run around to shut down the (wait for it..) lights in it! ...I need to spoil you, but my fun of running around and shutting lights was spoiled by black blob that teleported me outside the catacomb. I havn't had that much fun since 8bit Nintendo or C64 where this kind of gamplay was quite normal.Let's say something positive too: The background audio doesn't get annoying in the first 1 hour. The second hour on the otherhand...1/10THIS IS WORTH AVOIDING BY ALL COSTS (Even with 33% off steam sale)TL;DRThis is not early access alpha, this is ""I finally got it complied!"" prototype."
,Not Recommended,229580,17320399,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BandarFHD,"It says the game is finally out of early access.Guess what? The game is full of bugs and some game breaking bugs and here's what happened to me.When I started the game and put it on high and the shadow on mid it's so laggy! Enen tough my PC runs Skyrim on Ultra 60 FPS!After that I started the game suddnley the menu is in Dutch and it's stuck on the menu but I can play at the same time!The only wat to fix this is to close the game and re open it.And if you want to switch btween your tools it would take 8 seconds per tool! What the F!No no wait here's the best part. Some tools get stuck infront of you and you can't change it unless again you close the game and re open it,And guess what! all of those bugs only in the first 15 minutes of the game! God knows if I continued what I will see.Just don't waiste your money on this thing called a game and buy yourself something really works.Getting my money back"
76561198039442938,Not Recommended,229580,12713269,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,John Doe,"the game keeps crashing, freezing, getting slow, etc,. I just can't play this game. I love the atmosphere and sound, but even the audio option has some bugs, if I re-adjust audio, sound just stops and I have to restart the game.I'm using good graphic card, windows 7, though my memory is only 2gb but I can play other heavy FPS games well enough.You should make game basically 'playable', I know this game is still in beta, but I can't even start first chapter because of tones of bugs and system error."
,Recommended,229580,18957783,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Smoking poles,Best Game Ever
76561198147900307,Recommended,229580,12436023,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LoloGer,Super
,Not Recommended,229580,8325460,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yanahma,"An incredibly lacking game with the most annoying protagonist who feels obliged to point out every minor obvious thing. If you're looking for the next big story-telling first person adventure like Dear Esther, look somewhere else entirely (and also don't look at Gone Home, for similar reasons)."
76561198142280780,Not Recommended,229580,26285269,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CuboidMass,"game is trash, don't buy"
,Not Recommended,229580,10076201,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,JayneticMuffin,"Wow...this is horrible.  Every time I come out of sleeping or go into sleeping, I cannot mouse look.  I have to go into the Options and reset it.  The game itself just feels awkward.  Save your cash... I wish I did."
76561198069741470,Not Recommended,229580,10040379,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Howl @ NorthLineGames,"This is probably just for me but The game is broken on both my computers; mouse movement doesn't work and sound stops every once and a while.I can't even get that far into the game because I cant turn and look! (No I'm not using Oculus VR mode)Anyway, Don't pay attention to my review if the game works for you."
76561198077089299,Not Recommended,229580,17359330,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,deltanl00,janky and fidgitty. I got stuck in a rock in act I. Whelp
,Recommended,229580,17376179,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Snoutking,Dream is a beautiful game its relaxing but dont get fooled some times there is a horror aspect to it like one time you go in a dark maze like tunnel and something is chasing you once it gets you you respawn but its scary running in the dark maze getting traped in a corrner. So this game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,229580,17539882,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,MatiMaster,this game is wayyyyy too glitchy.
76561198170408209,Not Recommended,229580,17526746,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Luke Maestas,"I watched the trailer and thought this game would be fun and relaxing. I bought it for a higher price then most FUN games and started playing it. I could not pass the first dream and had no fun trying to navigate through it. If you're looking for a casual game, I suggest you keep looking."
,Recommended,229580,17339898,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Leon_Magnus719,"**UPDATE: So after the 1.1 update most of the technical issues have been addressed. The game is great, and admittingly I should have known there might be some bugs b/c I bought the game on launch day. The game is certainly quite a gem to behold now.**ORIGINAL: A quick synopsis; the game is great but is so buggy you can't even enjoy it. Firstly, I would like to comment that the concept, music, astetic appeal, and overall feel of the game is excellent. The developers have made something really cool. So, with that being said, I've had problems with EXTREME screen tearing (not hardware related from the other comments I've read), and at times the game won't even boot at times and I'll actually have to restart the computer just to get it to start. I bought this game on sale and right after it launched, and given the severaty of these technical issues I cannot enjoy this game. I hope the developers improve this wonderful gem so I can come back and give it a better review."
76561198143181799,Recommended,229580,17408937,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dewey,"this game is so well thought out, so vast, so detailed, so clever. its perfect."
,Not Recommended,229580,19404390,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fireeye,"When I bought the game, I had the faint option of finding something similar to Yume Nikki or one of it's many fan tributes. As such, the fact that the game for the most part is a walking simulator where you sprint from A to B (and sprint you will) with only the occasional riddle or puzzle did not particularly bother me, and many parts of the game (such as a large park or a south sea resort built entire on offshore platforms) are nice enough to look at that you won't mind spending roughly half and hour simply running around in the place.Unfortunately, the developer's approach to the dreamworlds the player moves through is rather conservative, especially if you consider how you could put virtually anything into them. This becomes especially sad when you consider that many of the smaller ""side dreams"" actually tend to be way more interesting than the larger main levels. But safe for one side dream that looks as if straight ripped out of a McEscher painting and another more abstract area with looping corridors and warping tunnels, the infinite potential a veritable dream has in terms of design simply is not fully used. Instead, the game largely relies on fairly generic landscapes with the occasional out-of-place object thrown in to remind you that you are still dreaming.Add to this that the game's story is only seen in retroperspect, and that investigating the home of the player character for about ten minutes will tell you everything you need to know in order to predict the good and the bad ending,  and you will come to realize that the game simply lacks a strong source of motivation. You don't care about getting to know the story because you already know what happened and what will happen. You don't care about exploring new worlds because you expect them to be as bland as the first sand desert/ snow desert level. Even the music (which, for the record, is very well done) only keeps you going for so long.Long story short, Dream is a game that had an enormous amount of potential, but lost much of it due to design choices."
76561198133723334,Recommended,229580,20164196,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AverageAlexV,"wHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ do you do????I Really want to like this game becuase there seems to so much going on for it.People writing the reviews for this game seem to be on two sides,hating it or prasing it, I am more on the hating side, the game has very nice graphics, but this 'game' is not really  a game,There nothing to really do, you simply walk and experince the game, but that not exacly bad, I just didnt enjoy as much as let say the game know as the beginners guide, the game seems to be unfinsished and seems to need more time to work on it,I really just dont get this game, People are sucking the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the devolper saying it art,  but I  dont see it  and alot of other people  dont either, im however not going to return this game becusae I am happy with the devopler trying something new and will be gadly supporing them, I suggerst you buy the game on  special for like 4 bucks and see if you enjoy it, if you dont, return it, that simply.i give this game 6/10NOT KAWII"
,Not Recommended,229580,20200038,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Renach,"The puzzles are pretty generic and it's very much made for the AR boner, but there's a pointless level that is ONLY for the sake of experiencing the situation through an Oculus Rift, and while the scenery is nice, it feels very barren overall. Play it for the aesthetic, don't play it for the gameplay."
,Recommended,229580,19409194,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lemmingski,"Is it just me, or does the trailer for this game sound like an advertisement for a tertiary education institution??"
,Recommended,229580,19769374,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Home Brand Cereal,pros-good level designnice graphicsgood voiceachiementspuzzlesconshard puzzles2spooky4ucharacter modle doesont look nicehard navigationoverall if you like a challenge get itif you are spooked easily don'ttry the first level then if you dont like it refundgood luck :)
76561198089399351,Not Recommended,229580,20172681,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BlockAgent,The game feels very early access even though it is marked as a finished game.  I ran into a game breaking bug after about 2 hours of play that would not allow me to continue playing it.
,Not Recommended,229580,20280412,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sir Wonky,This game disappointed me about as much as Dead Island did. I was so psyched.
76561198113780457,Recommended,229580,20597422,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,gtegangno,"Good Game, the story is interesting, the gameplay is good, BUT there is something very annoying, it's Bugs. The game have huge number of bug that just don't allow you to preceed with the game, and then you have to exit and put the game again, and this happens often. Other than that, is a good puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,229580,20561279,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Leonardo DiCaprio,"This game is unplayable. Not like, it sucks so much I can't bring myself to play it even when drunk. More like, I literally can't play this game. I have tried several times to delete it and reinstall it to no avail. When I start up the game it will get as far as letting me select to start a 'New Game' then will promptly crash.Otherwise, fantastic game.10/10 would crash again."
,Not Recommended,229580,20480116,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AskzXIII,"A puzzle in Act 3 cannot be completed, because the buttons don't have triggers. This locked me out of completing the game. That combined with poor framerates (with graphics that shouldn't plummet the FPS), and no updates since August, leaves the game too much of a mess for it to be worth $17"
76561198057506416,Not Recommended,229580,19229848,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,cheeanbroday,"Dream is an interesting concept; but unfortunately, it still feels incomplete. (No Spoilers) You play as Howard, a young man staying at his Uncle's house because ""reasons"". The gameplay is Howard facing these ""reasons"" through his dreams. The worlds that Howard visits are beautiful and strange. On the other hand, there is barely any sense of direction which can cause Dream to feel irritating and tedious. I often found myself looking at guides to have any idea of where to go or what to do when I got there. I would love to play a finished and refined version of this. I hope HyperSloth will continue forging thier game to make it live up to it's concept."
,Not Recommended,229580,19225399,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,neuroplay,"I wanted this game to have something more to it.  I wanted to like the characters and story, I wanted to enjoy it's whimsical nature and intruiging blend of visuals and interpretation.  I wanted to.  I can't tho.  I just don't care enough about the characters or story to warrant carrying on with the puzzles.  If these can be considered puzzles."
76561198025860676,Not Recommended,229580,19256223,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Lord Xeras,"Well this game had some interesting concepts and some very well done parts. The first nightmare was genuinely tense and very well done, and the hospital sequence really felt heartbreaking.But there was awful voice acting, irritating level design, a really kind of cheesy story, tools that don't even make sense, and puzzles that are ridiculously obtuse even as puzzles go. It would be fine if this were early access, but a full release? For 17 freaking dollars? It's not finished, and nowhere even close to being ready to be sold at the price it is. I can't get a refund for it but honestly I don't care, I just want it out of my game library so I don't have to keep seeing it and being reminded of the fact that I paid nearly 20 dollars for this."
,Recommended,229580,5321280,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,SwishyRebooted,"I bought this game and it is truely amazing. I'm really gripped in it at the minute, besides one bug I've found in the game so far besides that it's awesome.I started recording a series of it if you wish to see please by all means message or search my name."
76561198013865579,Recommended,229580,21736843,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,nilen435,"I liked it and it had a nice atmosphere in the different dreams you are exploring. I liked that it talked talked about what different things in dreams can mean. But the also some of the dreams felt a bit short and overall there where not that many dreams. Some of them where a bit boring. Not much in them. Some of the puzzels where not that fun and forced you to run around the whole map looking without any real hints and some felt more like chores than fun puzzels. When it comes to story, it was not much of it but the bits that where there feelt good."
,Not Recommended,229580,21832577,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DamnItIMessedUp,"I want to like this game, it looks good and it's got a great soundtrack, it's just tedious and I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing.I feel like a horrible person writing negative reviews..."
,Not Recommended,229580,21824403,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,lakitu64,looks cool on the surface but the actual gameplay is extremely boring.  Not to mention the game is very glitchy.  Most of the time you'll be walking around wondering what to do.  Initially I though I was just missing something but the gameplay has zero direction whatsoever.  You just wander aimlessly until you get bored.
,Recommended,229580,21796880,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,C@$H--[1138],"Very fun game, good graphics, great music and atmosphere sadly I feel like like this is my life as well as the main characters....Some achievemnt can be wonky to get and parts of the game seem half broken , but the game is what it is & I would reccomend it to anyone who likes first person narrative puzzlish games."
,Not Recommended,229580,21803406,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cynomys,"A game i followed all through greenlight and bought the first sale after ""release."" A lot of good ideas ruined by the dev not supporting the game with even basic functions such as a FOV slider. promosing them in early access and not delivering them to date. Would not recommend buying except maybe in a $1-$2 sale, as you mostly likely won't be able to finish it anyway due to bugs."
,Not Recommended,229580,21911036,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Idunhaël,"So. You give some randoms a free engine, they throw together some free 3D items, dump in some text and voilà, they call it a game.Really.That's what it feels like. People, if you don't have a story to tell, just shut up. Don't make a game from it. A game of nothing-ness. If I waste my life playing games, at least I want to have fun doing it."
76561198122129651,Not Recommended,229580,22011624,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,LukeTh3Nuke,"Ok Lets just say its bad. The entirty of it is just running thrugh mazes. (or the first part i cared to play) Well at least you get a meaningless achivement. I put an hour to do this just to find the 4 mazes that you HAVE to explore every single inch of. Honestly it wont let you progress until you have. I never wanted to ""explore"" the rest of his dreams and never cared. Oh well time for a refund."
,Not Recommended,229580,21079925,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,the puffy dragon,the game is grate it crashes after the first dream WTF
,Not Recommended,229580,21107602,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Unphazed,"I feel awful giving this game a negative rating but there are just too many bugs distracting me from the actual content. While it's awesome to have a game available in multiple languages, typos and grammar shouldn't be something I need to worry about. Even some of the timing with the subtitles is off and I have no idea what's going on. At one point, I tried saving my game and in doing so, the entire game language switched to German although it still says it's in English... I've looked and looked and there doesn't seem to be a fix to this. The graphics and soundtrack are beautiful and the game looks like it has tons of potential but I can't seem to play it very well when I don't understand German. If anyone knows of a fix please let me know!"
76561197993091735,Recommended,229580,21237275,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GS,"If you have a facintation for dreams and lucid dreams in particular, and enjoy playing puzzle adventure games like Myst, The Stanley Parable or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter you'll definitely enjoy playing Dream."
76561198010200247,Not Recommended,229580,22011293,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Kiel,"Cobbled together from a bewildering variety of products (I've never accepted so many EULAs for one program before in my life), Dream is a game that is, for lack of a better word, sloppy. The concept of a Myst-like game that takes place wholly in dreams was an interesting one, certainly one which got me interested enough in the game to buy it. However, the graphics are a disappointing mishmash, the controls fiddly and non-immersive, and the user interface completely unhelpful. Collision detection and other issues with simply moving around made the game feel tedious, where I'd hoped to experience a sense of wonder and novel exploration, as well as meaningful and engaging puzzle-solving.Instead I got a disappointing mess that felt unworthy of being called a game product, though perhaps it would be a suitable game-in-progress.Though it is far from expensive, I would suggest saving your money for something worth playing."
,Not Recommended,229580,8404822,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SnowFox Ex Nihilo,"Game's looking quite interesting, but i seem to constantly bug hard at the computer in the desert. i can't enter the interface and can't leave the screen, quite sad."
76561198022096092,Not Recommended,229580,15679546,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,benji,"Even for an early access title, this game is very coarse.  The graphics are blocky, and the gameplay is painful.  I can see where the designer wanted to go, but this title is not going there.I can not recommend it."
76561198103929982,Not Recommended,229580,12604153,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Pro Roma,"I bought the game because it seemed very cool, and I couldnt open it on PC, and it dosent work on mac. I will change my review if the game comes out on mac, or fixes the 'built with UDK' problem."
,Recommended,229580,27445160,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apoth,Surreal. Amazing. I am speechless for the quality of this indie game; it truly blew me away with the visuals and the story (btw doing this for steam badge)
,Recommended,229580,17408188,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MDiggityD,"Dream is a completely immersive, atmospheric experience. Its soundtrack feautres some beautiful melodies that absolutely blew me away when I started playing the game.The levels are well-crafted, each puzzle is challenging in its own unique way. The underlying theme of being trapped within the main character's subconscious is consistent throughout.Best you could hope for from an Indie game. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,229580,32204152,Posted: 5 June,all,HLK,"I enjoyed this game. I didn't enjoy it so much at first, and I think that's unfortunate. The Desert level is confusing, large, and suffers from the most non-intuitive issues. But after reading some guides here on Steam I was able to figure out what I needed to do and progress in the game, and subsequent levels are much better. It has many very good puzzles that I personally didn't find too frustrating or confusing, though I have seen many complaints about them. I honestly wasn't expecting the quality of puzzles that I got.In a few ways the game reminded me of Myst (though not anywhere near as frustrating - you might not know what the puzzle is for as you're completing it in Dream, but they are much easier to understand and are self-contained, e.g. you don't need to complete part of a puzzle in one world and part in another). There were also many things about the game that reminded me of The Stanley Parable (some of the mazes with rooms that change as you move through them, and other trippy effects like the ""MC Escher"" level).The graphics are very good in my opinion - after all, it (reportedly, I am unable to test this) has VR support. In some areas they may test your hardware a bit (the snow upon completing the first level comes to mind). The levels are also much bigger than a typical game of this scope, and as someone who loves exploring, that was really entertaining to me. However, there are still some mysteries left in the game even after completing it. I'm really not sure if I missed something, despite getting the ""best"" ending.Overall I thought it was a good value for the price - comparing it to going out for a cheap meal or going to the movies, I definitely got much more value for my money and enjoyment from this game.After completing the game I wrote a walkthrough of the whole thing to help other people out - consider it an ""extended review"" if you want more information on the game."
,Not Recommended,229580,34746058,Posted: 4 September,all,headerror,"this game is quite good. story, puzzles and lack of explanation are the strong side of the game. poor animation and some texture bugs... well you can cope with that and play it by leading forward of curiosity. but... ♥♥♥♥ those buttons of food conveyor! they are unpressable. i've lost my last patience plaing it."
,Not Recommended,229580,21243153,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,FlyingSockCat,"Meme is a game in which it is confusing and you walk around but are very confused now the problem with that is that the fact is that the game constantly reminds me of my inevitable mortality, every seemingly minute detail reflects the unrequited humanity and the horror of what we call the ever-turning mechanism of our society proclaims and produces constantly over and over and over again.Every now and then, some little detail throughout my day reminds me of this game. It is difficult not to shudder in fear. My demise is inevitable, and I will die alone. God will have no mercy for the wicked,oh yeah also it's not very good."
76561197979282735,Not Recommended,229580,35249352,Posted: 27 September,all,[PSI] BC,"Full disclosure - I only played this game for an hour, and about a quarter of that was messing with the controls. Partly, this was down to control issues and basic mechanics; there is a major bug where if you try to bind certain keys to an action, the game will either not respond at all or will respond intermittently with no rhyme or reason. In some areas, jump is disabled, and even where it works, it often doesn't because the space you want to jump to is occupied by another of the invisible walls that infest the game world. The inventory system is also very difficult to get used to, jarring to look at (whatever you interact with floats next to a badly rendered hand with a beam of light connecting the hand to the object - am I holding these things with the force?), and inconsistent to interact with. Some items don't seem to do anything at all, and others do...something...but it's unclear what, if any, effect they have on the game. One time, I was in a dark place and kept selecting the flashlight over and over, but nothing happened. Turns out, you can't access items while swimming. Once I got out of the water, the light floated next to my hand...and still didn't light things up.The game also seems to have totally missed the memo that it's supposed to be a dream - the majority of the ""dream world"" seems quite real (at least the part I bothered to explore) and the character keeps reacting to it as if it is a real place, wondering aloud why a computer lab is in the middle of a desert, scoffing that the user left their password and login details right out in the open (why does a dream computer need a password, btw?), etc. Admittedly, a computer lab in a desert could be a dream-like juxtaposition, but not when there's a generator to power the machine and a post-it note for login details; that's just somebody putting a real computer in a very odd place for reasons that probably made sense to them.All these things were bad, but the real killer was that the whole thing is deadly dull - I wandered around the main character's house for several minutes before deciding there was nothing worth interacting with. Then I piloted the character to bed, which transitioned me to an equally dull and sterile 'dream world' full of cubes and objects that looked interactive but weren't, and then through a door to the desert. In the desert, there was a computer, and on the computer, there was a long file full of exposition that suggested some sort of upcoming action sequence with smoke creatures (but it also made them sound about as dangerous as a speeding ticket), but I couldn't get any of the commands listed on the computer to work, and after an interminable time wandering the desert in search of the labyrinth of scary smoke beings, I decided enough was enough.This game is full of bad design choices and bugs, and the story is about as engaging as an instruction manual for a stereo you don't own anymore, or maybe one of those ghastly work-orientation videos that tries to make learning fun. I can't actually think of anything nice to say about it, which is sad, because I definitely get the impression that somebody put a lot of work into this game. Sometimes passion and effort are enough to overcome lack of experience and even lack of talent, but not this time :("
