user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197980847018,Recommended,230070,18542341,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Vermillion,"I have to admit on first glance this game does not seem appealing due to many factors but after deciding to give the game a go I have to admit it is one of the most broad RPGs ive seen in a long time.To explain what I mean by broad, at the start of the game you chose to play one of roughly 8 classes and then build your character with combat skills and civil skills.For an example you can build a mercenary who is actually a lover not a fighter, an merchant who responds to denial with an axe to the face and many other combinations.One of my favourites is playing a grifter/con man and taking the skills impersonate, streetwise and persuasion.With that character I was roaming around town and conning people into thinking I was the messiah, a noble, a merchant lord, a soldier, an imperial envoy, some friendly stranger and pretty much anything I need to be.Your class and skills dictate how you need to play the game as you cannot be a little of everything, for example with my grifter if I ever went into combat I would die in 2 rounds since he was not well suited for combat.But if I dressed as a bandit, convinced the leader to parley, went to the lord of the area and told him about a possibility to kill 2 birds with one stone then went back to the bandit leader and convinced him to attack an enemy of the local lord getting both sides killed in the process to find the bandit leader still alive in the end begging for his money just to slit his throat makes up for the fact that my grifter couldnt actually fight.This game can be very cruel to people who are the usual goody-2-shoes, in fact the game hates that architype and out right punishes you with unwinnable fights, people backstabbing you every second until you are finally broken and ready to look after yourself and do what you have to do to survive.So if you enjoy Fallout (1 and 2) like games with tons of replayability and many ways to survive be it masquerading, lying, killing, poisoning, backstabbing, talking your way out of trouble or just plain paying other people to do your dirty work then I would highly recommend this game especially if you ever wanted to RP a social character and actually never have to fight anyone in the game."
76561198002696085,Recommended,230070,7777715,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Paleblue,"I have to preface this review by saying that I LOVE this game, but chances are 80% of the current gaming population wont like The Age of Decadence. As such its important for anyone interested in this game to have a good idea of what they are getting themselves in for - which is a proper hardcore RPG.Combat is turn based and initially very hard. The creators have tried to recreate the real life danger of fighting and pretty much nailed it. Your fledgling character is able to take on one opponent at the start of the game, but fighting multiple people will more than likely get you killed. Luckily the game has multiple solutions to the problems you will face and combat is not the only path for your character.The game has a good solid story and there are plentiful dialog options which are linked to the social skills of your character. This of course means that you could potentially play through the game as a smooth talking character with minimal combat skill. The game doesn't hand hold you in terms of what you should put your skill points into, but common sense will get you through (eg if your playing a Thief character sneak, lock pick and disguise might be useful..).There are multiple character backgrounds which modify the story including Loremaster, Thief, Assassin, Merchant and so on. Some times the characters overlap at points in the story, so it can be interesting to see things play out from a different perspective. Even though the game is not complete (at the time of this review) the different backgrounds give replayability to the game.Finally the setting is based of post roman collapse, which is a unique setting for this type of game. Don't expect to see spells and magic flying around typical of fantasy RPGs, but there are wondrous items and locations which can be visited from a bygone era in the games lore.Overall if your sick of ""baby's first RPG"" and are hungry for a solid learning curve and dangerous combat in a unique setting I recommend The Age of Decadence.(Note; At the time of writing there are a number of crash issues that the game is experiencing, hopefully everything will be ironed out for the final release)."
76561198070147797,Recommended,230070,25291983,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Zanzoken,"I don't normally review games but since Age of Decadence is a bit of a niche title then maybe this will help out.  In short, AoD has been an awesome gaming experience for me and maybe it will be for you too.What you have to realize going in is that AoD has a learning curve -- even if you play a lot of RPGs -- because the philosophy behind it is unusual in today's market.  It's not designed for your character to be good at everything all at once.  Rather, your character is supposed to play a specific role in the style of classic RPGs.There's a basic dichotomy in play here, and it goes like this.  Your character can be a good Fighter or a good Talker -- but not both.At least not on your first few runs.  You may eventually be able to utilize both of these skillsets on a single character -- at least to some degree -- but not until you have a lot of experience with both the combat system and how choices & consequences work in the game world.  Don't try to play a hybrid character in the beginning or you will fail spectacularly.Let me repeat -- if you start out trying to play a character who can both fight and talk, you will get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.  So pick one or the other and your initial experiences with the game will be much more pleasant.Now that that's out of the way, let me explain why there is a great game here.The combat system is very deep and one of the best I've seen.  Your stats and skills have a huge impact on how your character plays, which opens up dozens of possible builds.  Tactical options abound and the encounters are difficult enough that you'll need to utilize every possible advantage.  And one aspect I really appreciate is the ""feel"" of combat -- it's cruel and unforgiving, which is totally appropriate for a post-apocalyptic setting.  You'll have to think and push yourself hard if you want to survive, which to me is really satisfying.The game also offers pathways for ""talky"" characters via the use of skill checks.  With the right build you can charm, manipulate, and scheme your way through the whole game without ever picking up a sword.  It's a much lighter experience than playing a fighter and offers a refreshing take on the RPG genre.The story is good but -- like most other aspects of the game -- different than most other RPGs.  There are seven major factions in the world of AoD, and which faction you choose to align with will have a drastic role in how you perceive and experience the game's events.  You have to play characters from several different viewpoints in order to really get a complete sense of what's going on, which gives replay value beyond what most RPGs are capable of.The last major point of emphasis is the role of choices & consequences.  The world of AoD is harsh and most of its inhabitants will happily cut your throat if it suits their interests.  But if you are smart -- or just good enough at committing violence -- the choices you make can dictate the rise and fall of guildmasters, generals, nobles, and even the supernatural.  You have to work hard to get ahead, but that just makes it more rewarding when you do achieve results.There are a few negative aspects that are worth mentioning.  Technically the game feels rough and unpolished.  This is mostly due to the game engine showing its age, though, and you shouldn't encounter many bugs.I also think the quality of the faction questlines is a bit uneven.  It's worth playing through them all but there were definitely some I enjoyed more than others.  I can forgive this easily enough because when you have this much content some things are bound to shine a bit more than others.Lastly, there really is no true ""independent"" questline, meaning you can't progress through the game very much if you're not aligned with an existing faction.  It would've been neat to have a way to build your own little empire to compete with the others, but this isn't really a knock on the game -- just a feature that might've been cool.So hopefully this review gives a good sense of what Age of Decadence is like.  The game is innovative, complex, and a lot of fun.  If you're still reading then you're obviously interested, so go ahead and take the plunge.  And remember, you're about to die and we salute you! :)"
76561197991966295,Recommended,230070,7846308,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Voland,"In brief: AoD ditches many of the genre long established staples to focus on the roleplaying, and this it does amazingly well; there really is nothing quite like it out there. The EA version is very much playable (there are less bugs than in many releases). The combat, which has been much the focus of attention due to its difficulty, is not awesome, but it gets the job done and it is optional.***Since for some reason Steam has decided to implement a character limit to user reviews (what's up with that Gabe?), you can read my whole review here:http:// http://steamcommunity.com/app/230070/discussions/0/666827315713399977/, but below is a very long extract:AoD is a turn based cRPG set in a post-apocalyptic low magic/low tech world. So naturally one might think that this is something like Fallout in a “fantasy” (as opposed to sci-fy) setting. But it’s not and both games suffer from this comparison.So, if it’s not Fallout in a low fantasy setting, then what is AoD? The best way to approach this is by considering that cRPGs tend to be very long games, with the first playthrough taking at least 20-30 hours. A first playthrough of AoD EA version, which according to the devs contains about 60% of the final content of the game, can take anywhere between an hour and 5 hours. However, while in the typical cRPG you see about 80% of the content in the first playthrough, in AoD you see anywhere between 5% and 15%.This has a huge impact on how you are meant to play the game, the importance of which cannot be understated. It took me a long time to realize this, despite warnings from other players and the devs on the forum. You are not meant to constantly save the game and load it when you die or when something goes wrong. If you do this, paradoxically, the game becomes much more difficult and frustrating than it is, particularly when it comes to combat. This is because you can’t compensate through luck “bad” playing character stats, as AoD gives very little margin to luck. The problem is that at first it might seem exactly the opposite, because even though the to hit chances (expressed as a %) are low, you think “if I get a bit lucky with a couple of hits, I can pull this off”. But the outcome is not decided by a few very lucky rolls: you have to be consistently better than your opponent (e.g. not like in Fallout, where you can finish or disable an opponent with a single lucky shot). But, not realizing this at first, you save before a combat and reload when you fail, which you will do again and again. I’ll return to the combat in AoD in more detail later.So how does the game play? Essentially you move your PC around in a fully 3d isometric view. Combat is never automatically triggered; it is always preceded by a dialogue window, more often than not giving you the chance to avoid it. You can talk to NPCs, examine some objects in the environment, or very occasionally pick up “loot” on the map. You don’t “hunt” for containers, checking every pixel for chests, drawers, bag, barrels, etc. You don’t worry about enemies spotting you, you can’t “turn on” sneak, there are no traps, pool of poisonous green goo to avoid, etc. The main view is, so to speak, just a convenient tool for showing how the world is and what is around you, allowing for some exploration and generally getting the character from one place to another. You can also use a map for convenient quick travel, and many times in a dialogue you have the option to appear directly in the place you want to go to. The meat of the game is in dialogues with NPCs, text adventures and combat.As to the dialogues and the text adventures, their outcome depends a lot on PC stats, to a lesser degree on prior game choices and occasionally on equipment. And they are very good! Actually, they are so good that it is very rewarding to play a PC who doesn’t get into a single combat (yes, you can definitely play through the whole game without having any combat encounters at all). They are generally very well written (minor criticism: the swearing arsenal seems limited to the f word, which makes me miss Annah and Morte from Planescape Torment), the NPCs descriptions, motivations and actions are very solid and follow an iron logic action-consequence pattern, the PC has many different options when approaching them and more often than not they allow for a lot of roleplaying and expressing how your PC is. The mechanics themselves are unremarkable, but what AoD manages to accomplish through them is brilliant.A warning though: because the outcome of both dialogues and text adventures is largely determined by skill checks (e.g. you must have a persuasion of 4 to convince an NPC) and as a player you have no way of knowing what level of skill you must have to pass it (it’s not shown in the text and you can’t possibly derive the exact number from the context), at first you might feel very frustrated that you don’t get the best outcome (or even fail, which in some cases means outright dying) because of something so silly and arbitrary. But it’s part of the game design that every PC can only get the best outcome in some cases and that you die a lot. Remember that each playthrough is relatively short; this is not Dragon Age where you invest 50 hours in building a PC. AoD is meant to be replayed many-many times, and the story and the world come together as you replay the game following different paths and failing in many of them . I can’t stress this enough: you gain insight into the story, the NPCs and the setting when your PC fails/dies, thus losing is an integral part of playing AoD.As to combat, as I mentioned earlier, there is very little luck involved. If you face an opponent against whom your stats and equipment compare unfavorably (not in absolute, but relative terms, i.e. your stats and equipment don’t allow you to have an advantage over your opponent) you will lose. Again and again and again. The room for tactics in combat is also quite limited: there is positioning (counterintuitively, this usually means getting yourself into a corner where you are attacked by the fewest number of opponents at the same time), armor, quite a few different attacks (but ultimately not that different between them) and some variations between weapons of the same class and some auxiliary thingies you can use (like nets and alchemy bombs, but not much more, at least in the current version). Breaking it down, I think it would be fair to say that the outcome of combat depends mostly on the stats and equipment, somewhat on tactics, and very marginally on luck.Personally, even though now I feel quite comfortable with combat in AoD (I better, after sinking so many hours into it) and I don’t find it too difficult or frustrating, I’m not thrilled by it. It does get the job done and it’s important to realize that without a very serious investment in AI, the most practical way of making combat hard (as is part of the game design) is to make it dependent on stats and populating the world with opponents with high stats. If tactics played a larger role, a human player would have a huge advantage over the AI controlled NPCs, which would go against the whole philosophy of the game.Fortunately, you can play AoD without ever getting into combat. To avoid it you just have to be cautious in your dialogues and text adventures, which means as a rule of thumb behaving as you would in a real life situation (e.g. if you see some thugs, don’t approach them; if they ask you for money, give it to them). The best thing that can be said about combat in AoD is that it does succeed in making combat a very dangerous business that one should avoid unless very confident about his or her martial skills. (..,)"
76561198030821759,Recommended,230070,18478295,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,baeus6,"Very much an old school rpg. No quest markers, lots of (pretty good) dialogue, plenty of stuff to discover. Its turn based combat is pretty darn brutal when you first start playing the game, you need to specialise and learn the system. I can certainly see some people getting frustrated with it and giving up, but it's fairly satisfying once you get the hang of it.Of course, you can build an entirely non-combat character and get through the entire game without ever having to lift a weapon. There's tons of skill and dialogue and reputation based options to use, but again you need to specialise.The game really does change depending on which faction you align with, so it's good for more than one playthrough. It's certainly worth a buy if you like old turn based rpgs."
,Recommended,230070,18470634,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Rocket Man,"Nice game, interesting lore, belivable characters.One tip : no matter what your mom told you, you can not be anything you want to, so spend points wisely, use real life logic and youl be fine (probably)"
,Recommended,230070,29856382,Posted: 11 February,all,Sydney's World,"I've had this game on my radar for a while and purchased during the last Steam sale. Recommended for fans of the genre with some caveats (ergo, on sale).+ Well written...really well written.+ Interesting new world story-wise, complete with history.+ Skill tree: you will need every skill point.+ Can go minimal combat without having to sneak/stealth.+ Combat is very challenging.+ Alchemy; not just a an add-on, but necessary to kill without strong combat skills/weapons/armor.+ At times I needed AoD or went through withdrawal.+ No grinding or fetch quests.- Graphics: weak to beging with; tiny character portraits removes immersion, makes it feel like a text adventure game.- Controls for navigation: frustrating moving around towns due to having to rotate, blocked by buildings, etc.- Crafting: I couldn't get a schematic to craft anything I couldn't easily buy (crafting skill 6)- Cannot win the game unless certain skills at certain levels. The game ended abruthly and was very unsatisfying; I didn't have enough skill points to overcome the lore/crafting failures needed to progress (lore 7, crafting 6, but even lore 8 insufficient; had I known this, I wouldn't have spent skill points on block or critical and probably not crossbow).- Music: monotonous, limited; the main town has a track about 20 seconds long that loops endlessly; nearly drove me mad.- Too chaste. AoD world is full of mature content...but sexuality/senuality curiously missing.7/10 Would kill the Crossbow Kid again."
76561198053585655,Recommended,230070,32051184,Posted: 29 May,all,DavidBVal,"Roleplaying lives onThis game is probably the closest thing to playing a pen-and-paper RPG. The creators have gone all in, giving us their sweat and blood (likely tears as well) in producing much more than a ""story"". They have created a complex ecosystem of choices and consequences, a web of influences, factions, characters, etc that react to each of your decision and readjusts, offering you unique challenges on each playthrough.It is wellwritten, but nowadays decent writing is not hard to come by. Good writers are a dime a dozen, as are good artists. What makes AoD an exquisite work of art is how welldesignedit is. I don't mean only the rulesystem, which I find fascinating, but especially how much thought there is into the interaction of skills and choices through the progress of the story, and how it evolves from beginning to end. You can play as a fighter and choose among a variety of weapons, maneuvers, equipment, etc; but you can just talk your way through the whole game, andit still feels like playing, and not reading. It is imperfect, true, some areas feel a little ""sketchy"", and in others there's the feeling the choices are not as versatile as they should be; but the achievement is nonetheless monumental, and I can't think of a game that compares in this regard, even remotely.I played first as an assassin, and was blown away by the ending yet I knew I had missed most of what really happened. I felt compelled to restart as a merchant with high Lore. Suddenly the story I knew gained new angles and I learned more about why and how things were happening. Soon enough I'll replay as a heavy armor praetor, and I'll try to be honorable this time... although in this setting being ""good"" might prove to be a deadly challenge. ;)I want to finish this review saying thanks to the developers for staying true to their vision. I am sure there were times when they were tempted to do something more ""accesible"", yet they marched on with courage. And they triumphed, and inspired thousands of passionate roleplayers, like me. Gentlemen, thanks, for making me feel like I *roleplayed* an assassin, or a trader, not a mere combination of stats. With developers like you, Roleplaying lives on."
,Recommended,230070,17082421,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Italian,"I had something else written here beforehand but it was more of a funny anecdote than a review so I put an actual review here instead.(so the helpfulness statistics probably isn't going to be too accurate)Age of Decadence is a great cRPG(I personally consider it the best) but it offers something very different than what is usually expected in the cRPG genre.The sort of a default experience one expects when he loads up a new RPG is to make his dream hero character and go on a great, at least, 50 hours long journey during which he achieves everything possible in the game and then he turns the game off and plays maybe once or twice more in the future. This is not the approach that one ought to enter the world of AoD with because it's a game structured mostly on interactivity and replayability. A single playthrough might not see more than a 6th of the total content the game offers. I'll try to illustrate why this is so.Every character is given a 'main quest' which basically boils down to 'find the ancient temple'(not the most interesting hook but please keep reading) but most of the game and narrative content are explored through various 'faction quests' given by organisations that the player character can join. There are altogether 7 of these 'factions': The Imperial Guards(or the army), The Merchant's Guild(think less trading and more political manipulation), The Thieves Guild and The Assassin's guild on top of those there are 3 Noble Houses which you can join and work for.These questlines are exclusive so a character which works for the Imperial Guards doesn't have access to the quests offered to for example the Assassins’ guild and so most of the game's content will be not shown to any given character by design. There is also the fact that most(okay all) of the questlines offer various ways of progressing through them depending on the skillset of your character s.Your faction allegiance also isn't rigid that you pick at the start of the game and are stuck with until the end, there is plenty of opportunities to switch sides if you feel that the current situation doesn't suit your character enough.Thus there is plenty of fun to have with every single character but the game can only be truly experienced and enjoyed if given multiple playthroughs.Another important thing to consider with this game is that it's more than possible to make a bad character.(this is mostly related to combat) AoD has a combat and character construction system that you have to master in order to defeat the game, it's not a really a hard system to master but you might throw a few potential characters into the bin straight away as you start up.Good advice for attribute and skill point distribution is to be conservative and focus on only a few(2-3) skills. Most every situation can be solved in various ways so if you plan for you character to be a talker you can safely ignore combat stats and if you plan to only fight you can safely ignore some of the more social skills like 'persuasion' and 'streetwise'.(hybrid characters are possibly and rewarding however such concepts are best tried after having played through the game at least once or twice to get a taste for it)The combat itself is a single unit turn based(squares) game with various weapon types and various attack types and two distinct defence attributes(dodge/block) each with it's own benefits and drawbacks. Combat is also affected by skills like crafting(which offer higher quality equipment) and alchemy for various poisons, performance enhancing drugs and bombs. It's based around action points. Which means that you have a given pool(decided by your attributes/armour) and various actions(including movement) cost various amounts of action points.Success in combat encounters is decided by the stats and skills your character has and your creative use of tactics with roughly 60-40 in favour of the first measure in an average combat encounter.There is also a demo avalible so you could try that out before buying the game to see if you like it."
76561198033287437,Not Recommended,230070,30318164,Posted: 4 March,all,Shailo,"You're not playing the way you want to in this game; you are playing the way you must do to succeed. That is, you're not role-playing your character, rather you're manipulating your character's stats once you've found out through trial and error what stats your character needs to have to progress.For example. One scenario for the thief is to ambush a caravan. If you want to avoid a fight you need to convince your boss to trick the delivery into rerouting. But if you take that option, you, the lowest member of the thieves guild, has to have enough lore to personally forge the papers. So, to do your job, you need at least level 3 in sneak, theft, lock-pick, persuasion and now lore. You need high thieves skills to steal the signet ring later on but you have to dilute your skills to pick up lore, which is way out of your skill set. Advanced level thieves might also be forgers but not the guys working the street for goodness sake. What you end up doing here is repeatedly restarting this scenario with different skill arrangements to find the one that actually works. This is not an RPG, this is a trial and error, skill-search mini-game.The alternative, the combat scenario, requires you to have high enough combat skills to take on five mercenaries in full armor, with shields and military grade weapons while you're in a T-shirt attacking them with a knife. Granted you've got four friend with crossbows, but you've at least got to take on one of these guys; maybe two or three at once. Reload, reload, reload hoping for a string of lucky rolls is how this scenario is done.This is why this game is frustrating rather than, say, difficult. You either do the skill-search mini-game or the RNG combat lottery. Neither one of which is fun. Granted, the combat is skill-based, but with these sorts of combat scenarios, it is the RNG that will determine the overall outcome. Apparently, if you get really good at it, that is not true. But getting to that level, it sure is.On top of this, there are actually very few quests. There are a bunch of alternatives, but any given character type has only a few that they can reasonably do. A smooth-talker, for example, cannot do the heavy combat scenarios. Nor vice versa. And aside from the quest givers, some merchants and a few thief targets, the rest of the population are mannequins. Exploration is minimal and the game is on rails.Clearly, a lot of people think that this game is great, but be warned: to have fun in this game you have to fit that niche.Not recommended."
,Recommended,230070,30197667,Posted: 26 February,all,Optimus Luke,"This is the RPG I've always wanted without knowing it. My character has toppled two major governments without conflict, but once followed a crooked merchant down a dark alley for a ""great deal"" and was mugged to death. Soldiers ask me to go clear out raider camps and I say ""no"" because it turns out taking on a group of armed enemies is dangerous. I scored major INT and SPEECH successes, convincing a military commander I knew of his plot without proof-so he immediately had me killed. I screwed over everyone in my relentless pursuit of first part of quest, so was friendless, alone, and doomed trying to finish it.If like me your favourite parts of Fallout were [SPEECH 90] and [SCIENCE 95], Age of Decadence is the game for you.(Just save a LOT. There's no shame in quick-loading back in time when you're still learning that this game Means It)."
76561197994055976,Not Recommended,230070,23852090,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Coyote,"*painful sigh* Ok. I really, really wanted to like this game. I accepted all the warnings with anticipation. No kid gloves. Realistic expectations. An RPG like old school pen and paper. I toiled on making the right charcater for me, going through enough of the starting scenarios to learn enough to get really psyched about the whole thing. It's a great concept indeed. A true challenge and a game that does not require a meathead approach. Then I started clocking the hours into it. And my mounting frustration did not have anything to do with the difficulty. I began to feel like a human pachinko ball, cascading through skill checks and attribute checks that required I reload failures according to the pre-arranged paths according to the rolls. Something was definitely off here. When I went for a really persuasive loremaster, I died or failed. When I went along the game's path and waited for the right checks according to the guides online before spending points and reloaded failed attempts, I got through. It didn't take long to realize I had no desire whatsoever to play a game like this-- the only way through is if you become the devs' ♥♥♥♥♥. Rigid and at times arbitrary and cruel difficulty is not challenging and fun, it's simply masochistic. I might as well go play minesweeper and not waste so much time realizing my character is suddenly gimped. Why would the devs and everyone who plays this recommend only a few skill lines and then once you start playing have to spend precious points on each skill roll your chosen quest line requires? This makes no sense! The reason old pen and paper RPGs work is because of some flexibility on the part of the GM. Who ever sat in a D&D game and set their skill points as the rolls came up ever? This game was a noble attempt at something new, but I am done with it for now. I have ragequit other titles before, but this is just sadness."
76561198039983702,Recommended,230070,19720458,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,wendigo211,"Age of Decadence is a turn-based RPG set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland that is based on a technologically advanced Roman Empire that suffered a cataclysmic event due to the influence of extra-planar beings.  It's also one of the best games I've played in close to 30 years of gaming.This game reacts to your choices in a way very few games do.  If you help one noble house, you risk alienating another.  And this has consequences that affect the ending you get, the quests you receive and your path through the game.  All of this adds to replayability and to see the whole game you will have to playthrough multiple times.  Each playthrough should take about 10-20 hours depending on how thorough you are.This is also a game that gives you multiple options to get through a quest.  One of the early quests in the game gives you the task of investigating an archeological dig that is being conducted by a rival house.  You are given multiple options with how to resolve this quest:You can fight your way through.You can find who is supplying food to the guards at the dig and convince them to poison the food.You can convince some raiders from another quest to attack the dig, killing two birds with one stone.You can impersonate someone that the guards at the dig are waiting for and infiltrate the site.You can side with the other house and assist them with the dig.You can ignore the quest completely.Note that while all of these options are available (and I might have missed a stealth option), not all of these options are available to every character.  The game demands that you specialize and while specialization will open some solutions and quests, it will close others.  For example, the character who specializes in negotiation and diplomatic skills to convince the raiders to attack the dig, will not have the combat skills to fight their way through the guards.  That means that the combat heavy quests, like becoming a gladiator, will be closed to that character.The combat in this game is fairly challenging.  You will only control one character in the game, although you may have NPC allies, and most of the time you are badly outnumbered.  Combat is turn-based and you action points that you spend for actions like movement and attacking.  Different attacks have different action point costs and you target specific locations for various effects, e.g. you can attack an opponent’s legs to make them easier to hit.  The penalties you impose on your enemies with these attack stack and you also have special attacks with consumable items like nets, flasks of Greek-fire and grenades.  The enemies also have these abilities and they use them fairly effectively.This means that combat can have a snowball effect, e.g. you might be fighting an opponent who you can defeat quite easily, then they land a lucky leg hit against you, which lets them land another and soon you are defenseless and being torn apart.  While you can use this snowball effect to your advantage, because you are outnumbered it tends to be to your disadvantage more often than not.  This is really a game where one bad roll can lose you the battle, while I like this, I can understand how it would be frustrating to many players.While the game is well written and offers many paths through the game, there is a sense of diminishing quality as the game progresses.  The second town for example feels very empty compared to the first town, and the game feels a little rushed towards the end.  There are also two stories going on simultaneously, there is a civil war and the exploration of the ruins.  The stories are linked, but the skills you need to explore the ruins might not be the skills your character needs to support their faction in the civil war.  Such a character will end up missing half the game on their playthrough.The game is also not without some bugs.  While I have not encountered any game-breaking bugs, I have encountered updates to quests that cannot be completed, or characters forgetting some of the things that I have done.  However these bugs are few and far between.Synopsis: if you liked Fallout 1 and 2, Wasteland 2, or just a good story driven RPG, give this game a try.  However, this is not a game where you can do everything in one playthrough, so be prepared to playthrough it a couple of times if you want the whole story."
76561198007374930,Recommended,230070,28340420,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gdreid,"It's hard for me to recommend this game more; it was basically everything I wanted out of an RPG.Difficult, deadly combat?  CheckNo way to complete everything in one sitting?  CheckStory with multiple angles and endings?  CheckRealistic low-fantasy setting?  CheckI don't think I've managed to weasel a good ending out of this game yet.  My character always dies in obscurity, marginalized by his political opponents despite his heroic deeds.  As it should be."
76561198006839840,Recommended,230070,32743608,Posted: 24 June,all,Seth94,"I really love this game, but I don't think it's for everyone.  The story is great and the inclusion of multiple path's and differing quest conclusions is amazing.  You can be a merchant in one play through smooth talking your way through the world, and the next a rising member of the legion who bludgeons their way through life’s many problems.   On the downside the combat is fairly simple.  The most difficult part being building your character since if you don't prepare to be slaughtered by anyone smart enough to bring backup.  The story was excellent to the point that the mediocre combat actually came to be enjoyable for me.  It was just challenging enough to be interesting, but not so hard that I had to get stuck on a fight for ages.  For those who prefer combat over story in their RPGs you may want to look elsewhere, but if you want a good story with multiple paths and branches look no further."
,Recommended,230070,18472251,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Doomdancer,"One of few games of late where you can actually mess up so badly you can't finish the game, it's refreshing really.You could say Age of decadance is a constant stat check , seeing if you have what the situation merits to succeed and it's true, it is however easy to start over again and try different aproaches, making this game pretty interesting as consept.I really looked forward for this release and as I already liked the UNFINISHED game, I am sure I won't have to even play it yet to know it's good.Now then, time to go die, again :=)Man I have waited for this one ^.^"
76561198032591119,Recommended,230070,18864962,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Shadenuat,"There hasn't been an RPG since 90's where your character's skills and attributes mattered so much during the game. It is a paradise for people who love to metagame, try and fail, try again and succeed and love to search for hidden content like pieces of lore, character bits, easter eggs, hard skill checks and hidden endings. It is an utter terror for people who are used to games with flat difficulty curve and being rewarded without struggling for reward. It is actually a game where Steam achievements are something you wear proudly like medals for your survival.Developers also tried hard to squeeze as much as possible from Fallout's turn-based combat and actually succeeded. For a system where you control only one character and have just a handful of action points, while also constantly facing multiple enemies at once, it has surprising level of depth to it due to unique attacks, huge arsenal of weapons (none of which are completely unplayable, although some being easier to handle), consumables (which are essential for your survival in this game) and small mechanical features (like weapon and armor Hardness, critical hits and such).While visuals of AoD are outdated, many locations are actually very atmospheric and writing and music make up for that.There are, however, some things that drag the game down and make what could have been a marvel into flawed gem.The first one is that engine is outdated and game is not systemic, not even on a level of, say, first Fallout, or Ultima's, Arcanum or Deus Ex. Most of the things are done via text quests instead of player actively trying out and combining skills and objects inside the game by mouse. Pressing [TAB] will reveal most active spots around character and then it's just a matter of having right skills or items, as your options are clearly presented to you as a list.It makes game especially easy as talker-character, as you can completely avoid combat via skill checks, while in other games it's usually challenging because you have to use things like stealth, spells or know game very well to make a ""pacifist"" run.Game tries to subvert this sometimes as there are decisions that are not obvious, like switching factions, or some dialogues actually make you pay attention as you get bonuses to skill checks if you choose right answers, but first depends on how well particular quest line is written, and latter is only used rarely, so there are no text quests turning into actual puzzles like, for example, in Space Rangers.This makes game a lot more reactive than proactive, which is why exploring ancient sites and finding hidden endings and easter eggs become more fun later after game held your hand during some of the guild quests.Developers continue to try and fight this by adding even more skill checks where it is appropriate and providing players with even more options, but without proper systems it is an uphill battle and creates a huge cluster**** of scripts and variables that are hard to perfect.Second thing that can't but make you sigh during big battles is, of course, that you can only control one character. Sure, it has been set in stone, probably from development day 1, but still... There are so many weapons and builds you can try that it would require many playthroughs to run them all, and even with a party of 3 characters, combat would become a lot more tactical and require less metagaming - as for now many battles require you to have a particularly high defensive skill or good armor to even stand a chance to survive first round or two and make use of your options.It also makes many battles a chore to replay, as in some of them your impact is small and sometimes allies can win battle for you.And third thing which is a mixed bag is, of course, the writing.It is a mix of genuinely interesting politicking and exploration, memorable characters, constant betrayals and your character trying to prove himself, encyclopedic lore dumps, cool plot twists and viperous pragmatism, Roman decorations, characters interpreting history, characters forgetting their history, characters making new history and **aliens** (hands gesture).Game writing begins resembling someting like Roman ""Thieves World"", dabbles into politics and then suddenly makes and awkward jump into ancient technomagic and makes every character rush for a search for deus ex machina, which can change everything you did, thus seemingly cancelling that what I thought to be main idea behind design of the game and also behind every good plot - cause and effect.It is particularly boring and banal to read ancient history through various journals and consoles that suddenly manifest in large numbers during endgame, instead of trying to figure it through interpretations of people who live here and now like in the beginning of the game.But my own personal gripe with story of AoD is that it doesn't do Roman setting justice it deserves. There is some ""Rome"" in Praetor story, but not enough for me. I was waiting for flavourful descriptions of deaths of ancient rulers (with their eyes replaced with sapphires and liquid metal mixed with **** poured over their heads - just like in my friend's favorite book!), political marriages, conflicts between free people and slaves (and of course me buying slaves for my own protection and leisure), but probably the most ""Roman"" story in the game happened not with me, but with a wonderful scumbag Miltiades, who did in the game things that I wanted to do myself. It is always bit sad when NPCs do cooler stuff than you, and it's not even particularly epic stuff.With all that said, I invested 100+ hours into the game. And unlike many other games where these hours are generally repeating same stuff, reading same text, meeting same characters, in AoD very often you will find yourself doing completely different things. Even combat builds change the way you play and battles you choose, and of course there is a ton of hidden and locked content in the game waiting for persistent players to find.It is a joy of a game with completely different, no-bul**** approach that doesn't work in compromises, and you either accept that and try, struggle and win, or... good ****ing riddance."
76561198007790118,Recommended,230070,23452454,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Darkmoore,"As far as isometric role playing games, this one is not your father's Baldur’s Gate. I actually found it very easy to slip into the role of my character. You are not a great fighter who is going to change the world with your sword. You are a complete novice in whatever role you play. While you can make your character great and able, you alone are not going to move the mountain with your shoulder and sword.Deep thought, craftiness, and planning are absolutely necessary for the end game. You will restart this game more than once when you hit that brick wall of the fight you just can’t win.Virtue means very little in this game. A grafter with a swift tongue can move just as fast as an assassin with a swift blade. The right points in conversation and skills can assist more than the best gear. Attention to detail is an absolute lifesaver."
,Recommended,230070,18516290,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Daigoji Gai,"If you rolled dice and made choices when pressured by a great DM...Remember using #2 pencils to fill out character sheets (and later the custom character sheets of your friend's crazy homebrew pnp RPG)...Have fond memories of the old SSI DnD games... hell, maybe even the brutal as hell dungeon crawler Shadows of Yserbius from the old Sierra Network...Played Baldur's Gate II more times than you're willing to publicly admit, but... yeah, after the 5th time of knowing how to go God Mode, you just do it for the story, not the combat or challenge...Listen to me.Simply pick this up.NOW.IMHO, this came out just in time to be the sleeper hit RPG of the year. Talking sleeper hit on the original X-COM level that had major publications scrambling to cover it and sing praises as not to be left behind.If you are, as other reviewers said: ""easily enraged"", become frustrated easily, prefer action-focused-mindless-clicking-rpg-lites, and/or lack the patience to revisit something like Planetfall or Zork (or one of those people that rapid clicks through talk bubbles and cutscreens because, ""you ain't got time for that"") you may want to avoid this like the plague.Mature, gritty, brilliantly written, amazing NPCs that are all unique with their own motivations you will come to love, hate and a mixture of both (no spoilers, but those from early access may remember a certain ""friend"" and all the ""favors"" for the *cough* ""big pay day."" Oy vey... that guy man,THAT GUY!)Will end with my favorite aspect of this game that makes me weep tears of wonderful joy over the butthurt it delivers: Act ouf of line, get a little too certain of yourself, try that BS you can pull off in other games [*cough cough* RPG-lites] where you act like a big dog, picking fights with everyone? LOL, yeah... good luck with that ""hero."" I was forced to taste my own tears many times by this game, and every time it was adelicious and nutritiousreminder of what a real RPG is. PeriodOpen up a dictionary and look up, ""HARDCORE RPG"" and the picture you'll see henceforth isAGE OF DECADENCE!*looks down at thumb buttons* Do I recommend this game?Where the heck is the,F'ING HELL YEAH!"
,Recommended,230070,25331908,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kuener,"A solid game, but it is not for everyone.Here is the breakdown:-Extremely unforgiving combat, especially when you first start. (This can be a Pro or a Con, depending on who you are.)-Excellent storytelling with character decisions that drastically change the game.-Deep, but sometimes confusing character creation.-Sweet crafting system-An excellent game to try out a non-combat oriented character on.-Unique world-Mysteries to uncoverAll that being said, the game is a hardcore RPG, and if thats not your jam, I wouldn't buy it."
76561198006704066,Not Recommended,230070,26442525,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ChalkStorm,"Let me give you a rundown of an encounter in Age of Decadence:I sneak into a palace and fight a centurion. It takes me a few tries, but I manage to kill him. Before it lets me save, the game immediately takes control and puts you back into ""choose-your-own-adventure"" mode. Apparently I take his armor and put it on, because the game has decided that that's what my character should do, and now I am presented with two options: either I can go kill another guard blocking my path, or I can try to convince him that I am his superior. I don't really want to do either of these things, what I want to do is run away since I need to go heal, but whatever. I choose the option to critical strike...Oops! Wrong choice! Your critical strike skill isn't high enough so you instantly die! (Disregard the fact that I've put four points into critical strike.) The game proceeds to make some asinine comment about its own bad design, not recognizing the irony, and you're sent back to the main menu.For some reason I decide to fight the centurion again and try the impersonation option. Who knows why I can't SNEAK? the thing my character is good at? but whatever. Maybe if I choose impersonate, I'll at least be GIVEN A CHANCE to fight this guy.Click impersonate -> failed -> two slides later where I have no choice, ""YOU HAVE DIED""The writing in this game is fine, the music is pretty good, but this is problem is not just restricted to this particular scenario. It's everywhere. When I first played the beta, I recall getting to a point in the second city where I had no choice but to start over because I hadn't put enough points into my dexterity stat during character creation. What kind of game design is this?The developer's terrible attitude towards the community also doesn't help. All criticism is met with the reply, ""Oh, you think the game is too hard? You just want to go in and win? That's not how real life works!"" Which, barring the fact that we're playing a mediocre indie game, is so ridiculous in a game with a save and reload system. That design philosophy might very well be viable in a tabletop RPG, but it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense here. The only thing that making me restart the entire goddamn game because I can't see the future in order to know what the developers have arbitrarily decided is the right stat for the right situation is making me do is WASTE MY TIME. Those requirements aren't even based on how hard a task is! They're based on how far you into the game! WHO THOUGHT THAT WAS A GOOD IDEA?I guess I have to touch on the fact that the game's ""super realistic ultra-hard 100% PROBABILITY BASED COMBAT"" is just a waste of time. You can do the same encounter that should be easily in your favor five times in a row and lose them all because your character forgot how to use his shield, but win a 3v1 because of a lucky crit. It's awful.This game could be extremely good and I was looking forward to its release for years. It's not. Don't buy it. (awaiting incoming developer defense, because arguing with people on forums will really help make your game better. Maybe you should fix the issues instead?) I can't believe anyone would give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,230070,18470953,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Velnias,"This game, simply put, is amazing. You can build a character who easily talks his way through the entire game, if that's what you want."
,Not Recommended,230070,34156980,Posted: 10 August,all,Annirok,"At first this game can be charming, but the charm quickly wears off as you stay longer.The main problem is that this game is more preoccupied with ""being hardcore"" than actually being consistent. It's VERY easy to sink 10+hours in this game, only to realize that you've built an extremely un-optimized character and you need to restart, all the way not really explaining anything of note. Very bad and vague introduction to concepts and mechanics.The game pits you in several situations where if you have not specced a minimum of points in ""XY"" skill you're dead, and have to start over, and does this for purely the sake ""being hardcore"". The lore justfying most of this situations is extremely sketchy. For instance, one minute you're this promising up and comer on this new faction, the next this same faction is sending you in an impossible odds mission like you're nothing."
,Recommended,230070,27267011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sarvoth,"I nominated this game as the last category, for which I named, ""The Hidden Gem"". Age of Decadence is one of the few games that enthralled me, that actullay had me playing multiple play throughs, that I sat and anagonized how to get past impossible situations, I played this game for many, many, many hours almost effortlessly. I was so glad I gave this game a shot, and I know a lot of people don't even know what it is. The developers don't get enough credit for what they made here, a game with actual player choices and real consequences? Unheard of.Pros and ConsPros:Immense story, with real tangable effects on your decisions, multiple endings.Indepth and awarding combat system.Ability to play the game entirely without getting into combat, if you are slick enough ;)Lots of items and armor to experiment with, multiple options for combat weapons, multiple ways to win conflictsNot responsible for an entire party of people (my opinion)Alternate history set in the fall of the Roman Empire (my opinion)Good musicGood soundsGreat atmopsheric settingsCons:Graphics are not the bestCan only control one person most of the game (your character) (your opinion maybe)Some bugsSome things based on random number generatorMay be frustrating you can't do everything in the game on one play through (your opinion)No clear instructions (you may like that)I advise everyone to vote this game in somewhere as a reward, or feel free to copy me an nominating this as the last reward, named The Hidden Gem."
76561198031905307,Recommended,230070,18543325,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,odin87654321,"I've only played the release version, but am having a grand time. The simplest comparison to gameplay I can think of is Fallout 1. Turn-based combat, skill-checks in dialogue and encounters, and an in-depth weapon/targeting system. To be clear, this game has MORE depth in skill-checks and weapon/targeting than Fallout 1 did. This is not a copy of things gone by, but an improvement and expansion on some of the ideas.The character screen forces lots of choices on you, and it is refreshing to NOT be able to do everything with your PC. If this kind of gameplay sounds fun to you, then wholeheartedly recommend.Obligatory ""bugs"" warning/comment: I have not encountered any bugs at all in 10 hours of gameplay. I know, it is almost unheard of in this day and age, but true."
,Recommended,230070,32797121,Posted: 25 June,all,Tamerlane,"+Good old school RPG approach. No hand holding. Skill checks are incredibly useful which makes Stats/Skills actually have a meaningful impact on the game.+Multiple (starting) profession dependent quests that tie in to the story. Most quests have different approaches based on stats or skill.+Good writing and intriguing storyline. An interesting mix of post-apocalyptic sci-fi set in a Roman era background.+Choice and consequences have a significant impact on your character’s stats, rewards and the overall story.+Decent albeit typical turn based combat mechanics with a twist on the difficult. You are fragile but so is everyone else. Measured approach required.+Character doesn’t turn into a one man bulldozer like most RPG’s. It’s refreshing to pause and consider choices and their possible outcome.-Graphics are dated.  Doesn’t bother me but might put off some people seeing the late 90’s era graphics. Reminds me of Grand Ages Rome visuals.-Quest journal needs more info. It’s very minimal but being able to track names and their last location. Most of the quest giver are static anyways and won’t budge from their location.-Camera resets after every interaction with an NPC. A bit annoying.Overall, a decent game for old school RPG fans. Lots of fun skill checks and reading to be done. Dated graphics and interface isn’t the smoothest or the most intuitive but it gets along. It’s a bit unpolished but if you’re willing to learn and look past the flaws then it can be very enjoyable.Quite a complex game and more so if you explore the different professions. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,230070,18499077,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,jetsetter09,"This is Fallout in a Post-Apocalyptic world IN ROME!!!!11! (Or is it???)TL;DR, I recommend you buy it.The game is a throwback to the 90s Fallout, before it made the leap to FPS. Meaning it's a classless system with stats and skillpoints in an isometric playing field, with factions and enemies looking for more power with you thrown into all this, at a pivotal moment in history. I'm gonna break down the review to COMBAT, SKILLS and STORY.COMBAT: Rich tactical options with tough difficulty. The tactical options are almost as diverse as the ones found in the Temple of Elemental Evil. Should I fire my crossbow bolt now, or do I bait them so I can unleash a timely whirlwind? Should I heal myself now or save it for another encounter later? The choices, and consequences, are yours.SKILLS: Skills matter. You can't be an overpowered master of all here, you have to choose a path and stick with it. While there are numerous encounters in the game, these do not give enough skill points for you to be a god of everything. I learned this the hard way, early on I played a jack of trades guy, who got into some quests, but got locked out during certain points due to lack of skills. Pick a profession and skills and focus on that as you make your way in this post-apocalyptic Rome. As an aside, alchemy did save my life more often than not, so I would recommend that.STORY: You have to pay attention to the walls of text. This is a throwback to the 80s and 90s RPGs, where there's not much voice acting, but a lot of exposition and character development done through the text. There's a complex plot involving ""gods"" and ""demons"" in the game, so you'll have to pay attention to all of it. DISCLOSURE: I have not finished the game myself, but I have encountered a ""DEMON"" and I'll leave it at that. There's something big going on, and I intend to get to the bottom of it.Bottomline: If you want to see more RPGs from Iron Tower, you have to buy this game. I have enjoyed every hour I put into it. But, if you're still not convinced, play the demo for yourself to see if this game's up your alley."
,Not Recommended,230070,18494373,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,georgie boy,"There's many disappointing things about this game. It's been in development for a long time, and most of those development hours clearly went into raw amounts of content (this is being generous, there really isn't much content) and lots of mediocre writing rather than improving the general experience. I wouldn't be surprised if a fair bit also went into begging for positive reviews and downvotes on any negative reviews - there is no way this game warrants an 88% positive rating otherwise.Pros:-Semi-interesting setting, acceptable writing, lots of reading if you feel like it - but there are much, much better works you could be reading instead.-You get to play an isometric RPG as a single character rather than a party, which is uncommon.Cons:-Advertised as ""hardcore,"" but really, the game is extremely simple at its core. Tedium is NOT difficulty. Dying a lot doesn't make the game ""hard,"" either. Yes, you'll die a lot in Age of Decadence, but it's not like, say, Dark Souls, where you can outplay your death. You just reload and click the other option in AOD; nothing about this game requires much thought and it certainly doesn't test your skill, ever, at any point. Allow me to elaborate:For a non combat character, you essentially just click choices in a dialogue. For you, that's the game - it's like a tedious visual novel. You also have to keep old saves and save your skillpoints, because you need to level up the correct skills to pass dialogue checks, otherwise you can't progress. You will get lots of game overs as a non-combat character just because you invested your points into the wrong skill, whereas a combat character always has the (realistic) option to muscle their way through any situation the game might present. It's a bit disingenious that the creators say that combat is the hardest way to win the game; you'll probably reload LESS as a properly built combat character than you would a non-combat character.-Combat is extremely simple, and is mostly RNG based. You mostly spend your Action Points in the most damaging way possible, then move as far as you can to force your opponents to spend additional AP travelling to you on their turn, so they get less attacks. You'll beat the game just fine taking the violent option in basically every situation, as long as you keep your equipment and attributes updated appropriately, and you won't break a sweat doing it. It's heavily random, though, so you might have to reload some fights until your attacks actually connect. But all in all, both combat AND dialogue in this game are really, really simple.-All combat is set pieces. There's no random encounters, roaming enemies, or anything like that. Every battle is a pre-made set piece that comes behind a loading screen.-NO EXPLORATION. You get to places by clicking on the map. That's it. There's no roaming the plains and discovering things yourself, nothing like that. How shallow. In the few situations where you might find something interesting, instead of exploring itself, you're usually going to be clicking through a couple of dialogue screens that explain what your surroundings are like, etc.. Hey, how about you SHOW IT TO US instead?? Too much effort?-Each location hub is heavily lacking in content. You should finish Teron in about 30-45 minutes once you know your way around, Maaadoran is the same. You'll run around thinking ""surely, there's something more to do here?"" mousing over every NPC you see hoping they are interactable, only to find that no, there isn't. Those npcs are just scenery.-Every second bit of dialogue will be full of swearing. Not that this offends me, but really, writer: there are other, less obnoxious ways to emphasize that your setting is ""gritty."" The overuse of profanity is just hamfisted and lazy.-Game looks like crap. I'm no graphics nut, and I'm well aware of what the devs are going for, but that's just an excuse. Visuals are an afterthought in this game, and it's not good enough that the package as a whole can make me ignore that. Compare the look and feel of AOD to other new isometric games like Project Eternity. There's no comparison.If you're an oldschool RPG fan, I advise you to stay away unless you've played every other oldschool RPG and you're just desperate for another. This game isn't for you, I'm not sure who it's for, really. The only ways to really enjoy are:1-Treat it like a choose your own adventure game where you have to reload your last save every 2 minutes, and save every 30 seconds, or2-Just make a completely OP combat character and put up with the extremely random, simple, tedious and boring combat so that you can experience the story.But the story, even on its own, isn't anything special - so why would you suffer through a bad game just to read it?This game should have been a mostly ignored e-book on Amazon. The only reason it's getting any attention at all is because it shoved itself into a genre it doesn't deserve to be a part of. I hesitate to call it a game, let alone a ""hardcore old-school RPG."""
76561198021613237,Recommended,230070,17991017,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,A.Z.,"Recently bought this game and got really into it. It's definitely not a game for everyone.+ Character customization. Choosing gender, skin color and the like.+ Origin, you can choose your character's background story ex. Thief, Drifter, Merchant.+ Reputation system, which determines how certain people treat you.+ Skill and attribute allocation.+ Tactical combat, which challenges you to adapt.+ Tons of insanely great dialogue.+ Rare, Roman Post Apocalyptic setting. ( I wish more RPG's had Roman settings/backgrounds).+ So many paths to choose, that branch out. Making replayability an enjoyable must.+ Easy save system. Quicksave and quickload makes the game easier, since every choice has an impact on the story.+ Crafting system, which can be used anywhere+ Supports high resolutions.+ Have to use your brain, since you can't fight or talk your way out of every encounter.+/- So many creative ways to die, I mean one wrong choice in dialogue and you end up getting ambushed by 4 thugs, lose hp points permanently or just end up dead out of nowhere.- Some glitches, bugs and unfinished quests but that's to be expected.Overall it's a really great game done with a lot of love. I would recommend it to anyone who loves RPG's and to those casuals who want to challenge themselves."
,Recommended,230070,18166447,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,@Pavoneo_,"Early access review:I picked up Age of Decadence on a whim. Knowing virtually nothing of the game other than the basic premise, I couldn't have been more pleased with my purchase. It's rare that a game in 2015 completely enraptures you as wholly as AoD did to me. Even more impressive is that the game is still unfinished (although most of the content is available at this time).The game is hard. There's no avoiding this fact, and it may turn off a good portion of players. Other reviews are not kidding when they say that you are not a hero; the game is incredibly unforgiving, and one wrong dialogue choice can leave you facing five thugs in a back alley. Unlike most games (or maybe just the games I've experienced), Age of Decadence lies to you. A lot. I tend to roleplay as a virtuous defender of the weak in most games - but instead of my generosity being rewarded, it is my naivety that is punished. Attempt to defend a man harrassed by a gang in an alley? Dead. Pay a guide to lead you through dangerous territory? Dead. Share a conversation with a traveler alone by his fire? Poisoned, and dead shortly after. ""Survival of the fittest"" is the law of AoD, and it makes sure to remind you of this fact at every opportunity.This is a breath of fresh air if you're tired of RPGs following the same formula. There is incredible replay value here, and you will certainly create multiple characters to experience the different viewpoints the storyline has to offer. One man cannot do everything, and there are even areas of the game restricted unless you explicitly design your character to be able to reach them.You are forced to min/max in a sense, and your first playthrough will likely be scrapped once you discover what the game requires of you. A jack-of-all-trades character will not succeed in this world.All in all, this game isn't for everyone. But Age of Decadence exists in a unique class, and the amount of work the developers put into the project is quite obvious. I highly recommend this if you're looking for a change of pace and a unique experience in the modern day where most games cater to the average class of player."
76561198002731192,Recommended,230070,18648919,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Adyem_Zim,"Alright, this game is good.Now to break down the Good of this game to mine Subjective Opinion.-Good Points-*A classical RPG with large tatical elements in how you position your lone character. It is very viable to move your character around, especially to figuring out attack ranges and AP costs. If done right, you can dance around the enemies.*Mutliple Arching Story paths that can drastically change the end game. Not kidding, most of the paths can and will alter and jump you from plot point to plot point.*Character is set in stone - true changing of the stats, character has a base set of stats made at character creation - FYI, it is insanely to impossibly hard to winning a game with a character having 4 across the board.*Option Settings are quite literally diverse.!Conclusion of Good Points - This game is meant for those engrossed in exploring and learning a world and it's mechanics. Combat has multiple paths and even wily merchant type characters can do a good job.-Bad Points-*Difficulty is this games name. Death is sudden and brutal and for casual perps this will end their run and make them refund the game. Why is this bad? Because the casual's are yanking their money away from the company and steam. Removing support for a wellmade game.*Clunky poisoning system. It is hard to poison whole sets of throwing or missile weapons. I do not know if this is intended or not, but it makes it hard to poison 20 throwing knives.*Armor Penalty, there is no amazing fancy set of awesome looking armor that only benefits. One must choose between armors that look awesome but weigh you down or being a dodge fanatic.!Conclusion of Bad Points: I had a stupid hard time to give bad points and honestly believe the ones I put up are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Anyhow, Casual RPGers will either love or hate the game.TLDR: Game is gud. Spend your money after taking a look at videos and other reviews. Do not buy solely after this review."
,Recommended,230070,18706806,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,HoboForEternity,"After 2 and half playtroughs, i am confident to offer an honest, but subjective opinion on this game.if i have to pick the best thing about this game it's the role playing opportunity, choices and flexibilty the game offer. it is one of that rpg where you can talk your way out of elmost every situation, or you can murder and leave trail of death and destruction in your wake. depending on your class, each playtrough so far offer very much different experience as you unravel the story trough different point of views.Then there's the combat, it is intuitive, really difficult but fair. take your time to read the tutorial, consult guides or ask on forums. with good build and equipment, you can be a god in this game. the system itself is quite simple, you move your character each turn, and you click on character you want to attack. reminiscent to old fallout game, or recent wasteland 2 and the new shadowrun series, your movement is determined by how much AP you have, and various kind of attacks that consume various number of AP. the strategy lies on positioning and choose the right attack you want to use. for example fast attack is effective light armored, dodge based enemies, it does less damage, but use less AP and more accurate. while heavy attacks consume more AP, less accurate but pack a punch which is effective agaisnt slow, heavy armored enemies. as the game explained, you can't heal mid-battle, but there's still arrays of poison and potions you can use to buff up your stats during battle. don't underestimate them because they will easily turn the tide of battle.the setting and story itself is really well written, and quite original. if i have to explain it in the most simplest, non spoilerish way, it would be a game of thrones / asoiaf in apocalytic setting, mixed with sci-fi and fantasy. the dialogue are definitely well written filled with believeable characters and multiple factions to join. one of the best thing about this game is discovering the lore and many old-world secrets in the dying wasteland.Each playtrough is relatively short, my first one as a talking merchant took 12 hours, adn the second as loremaster took 9 hours, but the strength of the game is in its replayabity. there's so many different characters to roleplay, class to pick, build to try, factions to join, whether you want to stay loyal, or become a backstabbing power hungry madman. each starting classes has its unique, exclusive quests, so is each guilds or houses you join.however i admit there's quite a flaw in the game, for example, the quest journal isn't so intuitive, as you can only see your current objective, but not summary of the whole quests (especiall long quest chains). i encountered some bugs too but nothing really major, and most of it was fixed just by reloading (SAVE OFTEN!)."
76561198088957456,Recommended,230070,18480053,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,wolf2233,"This game is for people who like great writing, atmosphere and good turn-based combat. It rewards your smart decisions and punishes questionable ones with a quick death, but always provides you with a fair chance to avoid these if you're observant enough and play to the strenghts of your character. Certainly very different from most RPGs these days but very rewarding and fun if you don't mind using the imaginative powers of your mind through reading."
76561198017656090,Recommended,230070,19126214,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,clegane,"Excellent game. Very rich, deep, immersive world. Despite the graphical limitations (not a complaint, btw, I love them the way they are), the world feels very alive and encompassing. The excellent writing, both narrative and dialogue, fuel this feature and set this game apart from so many on the market today. The learning curve is fairly steep and most of the negative reviews I have read stem from that fact. This isn't a Bethesda sandbox. Your character cannot and will never be able to 'do everything' at once. Initially, you will only do a very few things very well. As you learn the game and the story, you'll be able to expand a bit on subsequent playthroughs and be more multi-faceted.There is an incredible story here, with dozens of smaller, elegantly-interconnected side stories woven throughout. Perhaps the most satsifying aspect of the experience is discovering different angles to each story depending on which faction you ally with.  It is really fascinating to worry your mind at a plot 'hole' when playing an Imperial soldier only to have it fully explained much later on during  your 40 Thieves playthrough.  Very smoothly put together narrative running behind the scenes here.If there's one complaint, I suppose it would be the 'linear' nature of the game. Personally, I don't mind it, as I understand its necessity in order to tell a cohesive, meaningful story. But some people probably will mind it, so I mention it here. There are MANY different paths through the game and it will require several playthroughs to see them all. But once you've chosen your 'path' for a particular playthrough, that path generally runs on the rails until it completes.  Which isn't to say that you can't change paths partway through, if you're good enough to survive betraying your masters. ;) Each path also has significant choices you can make which will dramatically affect the life of your character and, in rare cases, the fate of the faction you serve or the world as a whole.  So while there is some linearity in order to maintain the story, you do have a reasonable measure of liberty within that structure.A truly great game here. A masterwork, in my estimation. I've had more fun with this title than I have with most in the past few seasons.  I hope that those of you who follow my recommendation and take a chance on it find the experience as rich and rewarding as I have."
,Recommended,230070,18473591,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[HKG] Paperwork,"This is basially Fallout 2 (6 SPECIAL stats with points in individual skills and turn based combat) set in Post Apoclyptic Ancient Rome in Hardcore Mode.The graphics are a little dated, but tributes to Fallout 2 and games set in Ancient Rome are very rare these days and certainly worth checking out if you are into either Fallout 2/Ancient Rome."
76561197991009575,Recommended,230070,18499685,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"This game is hard, especially the combat is punishing. It is easier to play the charismatic talker than the big brute. You will die, die die die die. If you go for the brutes way and on that way you end up out numbered aswell. There is no permanent companions here.The game might have a pretty ugly engine but it got its own charm and  the setting itself is interesting, deep lore and all. I truely recommend the game to fans of old RPGs, turnbased RPGs or people who want to play something more deep than Skyrim when it comes to story and RPG mechanics.Plenty of things to do, plenty of things to play and who do not want to play in a Roman Empire inspired Empire who fallen in a  war and it is now a post-apoc fantasy setting with many hidden secrets and ruins from before the collapse of the imperials. Many left overs fighting in the rubble for control.Try it, Buy it!"
76561197974038206,Recommended,230070,18514107,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Drax,"TLTR,The game fills a somewhat narrow cRPG niche, but if you fit into it I reccomend the game warmly.Pros,The fiction is charming and dialogue very good. Lots of stat-bound dialogue, where skills and stats unlock new options with their own outcomes. Combat is hard but quite intelligently implemented. Lots of options for different manouvers that varies greatly over different weapons and fighting styles. further enhanced by crafting and alchemy. Game genuinely designed to afford you multiple playthroughs with a unique experience each time.Cons,The game is quite unintuitive, and chances are very high that you'll be frustrated until you either go through alot of trial and error or until you read up on how to play it.You begin the game unnaturally weak, as if you spent most of your life in a coma or suffered recent brain-trauma. Game-mechanics-wise it's ok, but it can break your immersion if you notice and contribute to the previous point about the game being unintuitive.The devs get easily annoyed and tend to get somewhat hostile here on the forum. Hopefully it's just release-fatigue, but I recommend a high tolerance for snide remarks if you're gonna hang out alot."
76561198011231411,Recommended,230070,18480064,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Scoundrelus,"An excellent game with massive replayability.  So many different ways to do things.  I've always been a big fan of turn based strategy RPGs and if you are too then you'll like this one.  What I find most appealing is that if a particular fight is too difficult, there are about a million different ways to make it easier.  I play an Assassin with some Alchemy skill so before a difficult fight I make sure I have many different bombs, fire vials, poisons, etc.  In most games I find these things useless however in this one I couldn't fight without it.  Many games have crafting and alchemy options that are pretty much just additions without any real use except for making healing potions however this one actually puts these things to good use.The one negative I've been having is the numerous crashes.  I've played for 4.5 hours since release and had about 6 crashes.  I keep sending the crash logs to Iron Tower Studio so hopefully it'll be addressed in future patches."
76561197990766081,Recommended,230070,18785168,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Grendel,"Deep RPG where you can go completely non combat and be a merchant or loremaster, alchemist, whatever you want basically.  Combat is brutal, as in difficult and you're given plenty of chances to die.  People will scam you and betray you and you get a sense of real danger in this Romanesque apocalyptic setting.  There are lots of conversation options and branching paths, its an easy game to immerse yourself in and has high replayability with all the classes and different ways to approach the game. It is not an easy game and you are not the typical RPG hero...which makes you feel more vulnerable and like the world is more real, like you have to rely on your wits to survive and every choice you make actually matters.  You pretty much have to enjoy reading and storytelling to enjoy this game properly.  There is alot of text and depth to it, which is a good thing because its done well."
,Recommended,230070,34884748,Posted: 11 September,all,Ramón,"It's a good game, but I still hated it.An indie RPG with terrific writing, original worldbuilding, and some extremely frustrating design decisions. The writing and worldbuilding are good enough to still get me through two extremely aggravating playthroughs, both with social characters.The game has two parts: an intricate combat system and a social system where you try to talk your way through quests. I haven't paid much attention to combat yet, as it would have been a death sentence for my two social characters. Combat in this game is extremely unforgiving, and if you don't have a combat-focused character, you will die without even denting your enemies' armor. So, I'll only talk about the social part of the game here.It takes place in a fallen empire. Once spanning much of the world, after a great war it has been reduced to three crumbling cities in a blasted wasteland filled with ruins. Social order has broken down - when not fighting raiders, the remnants of the Imperial Guard happily extort those they're supposed to protect, and the other characters you meet aren't any better. If you want to get ahead in the game, you'll have to let go of your idealism and any delusions of saving or improving the world - really, the community calls them 'combat-focused' and 'social-focused' characters, but 'thug' and 'schemer' would be better descriptions!So what's wrong with it? There were some things which drove me up the wall when playing it:First of all, it's really easy to accidentally screw yourself over with something that seems reasonable at the time. This is because dialogue options need a certain skill level to succeed (no random die rolls!). You do this by gaining skill points, which are mainly earned through quests, which usually require a high skill level to complete! Make a few mistakes, and you can easily run out of skill points later, unable to finish any quests. In my first playthrough, I messed up a quest for the Commercium by taking a completely reasonable, safe-seeming choice. This led to me being kicked out of their guild, permanently. Which ended up costing me so many opportunities, as well as precious skill points, that I was unable to finish the game due to an early-game decision! This was six hours later! The only way to prevent this is by knowing what's coming, either from knowledge of earlier games or by trial and error. This is not fun and, more seriously, discourages experimentation.Secondly, despite the creators' warnings to avoid combat, this is unfortunately not always possible. If your social character says the wrong thing to the wrong character, you end up in a fight. Some conversations always lead to fights - which for a social character, means they always lead to death. Quicksave is your friend here, but it's not very enjoyable to  have to reload five times to look for the only dialogue option that lets you live! This problem happens even with apparently reasonable and safe choices.Finally, there are the little annoyances. Why can't I hire help when my skills are too low - if I don't make a lore check, it would make sense to hire a loremaster instead of having my character just sit there, moping. Why do I have to mouse-over every last person to see if I can talk to them - would immersion really be so damaged by just putting a yellow dot or something over their head? And why can't I flee when a fight or conversation threatens to turn deadly?These things are not so bad by themselves, but increase the aggravation from the big problems.But the world... The world is fantastic. The fallen empire is fascinating, and despite the frustration, I couldn't stop pressing on, hoping to find more knowledge, information and locations. The atmosphere is great - Teron looks and feels like a ruined town barely scraping by. It has monumental, Roman architecture crudely but effectively fixed with wooden beams. Maadoran, with its crumbling temples and dry fountains, looks like a filthy hive that was once glorious. Ganezzar looks exactly like you'd expect a theocratic dump to look. Combined with the far more advanced construction and machinery in the many ruins, it is carefully crafted to evoke a once-great world in ruins. And you get to find out how and why it fell! Even the many unexpected deaths work out when they're not driving you up the wall, helping to bring a world to life where death can strike anywhere. And every detail fits - the squalor in the houses, even the description of the gold coins 'bearing images of emperors of various antiquity' serve to underline what this world has been, and what it has become. The hours of discovery made up for the hours of frustration, and I still haven't discovered everything yet.In conclusion, this game is as frustrating and unfair as roleplaying with a smug killer DM, and I am looking forward to my third playthrough. Once your anger subsides, you'll be happy you've played it."
,Recommended,230070,18692824,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Delta_02_Cat,"Do you like Romans?Post apocalyptic worlds?Low fantasy/magic settings?A very atmospheric wolrd with much lore?Discovering old secrets and artifcats of a long forgotten time?Extremly hard, turn-based, combat?Welcome to The Age of Decadence!This is a great game, I really enjoyed it, even though it was one of the hardest games I ever played.But beware of the following:- The graphics are outdated, its not ugly but not exaclty pretty. But it has a nice art style, you can really feel like a fancy Roman soldier!- You will die, you will have to restart because you get stuck with your character.- Combat ist very hard but definatly fun.- LOTS of text, the game has no voice overs, so everything is presented as text."
76561197992641369,Not Recommended,230070,29602870,Posted: 31 January,all,Not Nick Louie,"I feel bad shooting down this game as it was given to me as a gift but I've got to speak the truth.The good:*The world building is great. The setting is grim in the best kinds of ways and fantastical enough to keep things interesting.*Character building is fun. There's enough options that sound important that there's no easy picks.*The graphics and UI are functional. Not great - functional.The bad:*The difficulty is significant but not in a way that's good or fun. The combat difficulty is fine. Struggling because you chose combat when you shouldn't have is fine and fair. What's not fun or fair is being punished because the game world doesn't explain itself well enough. At one point my character was warned that their action would cause them to be banished from the current town. I figured that was fine (I was more or less done with things in that town). The game didn't mention that being banished would include being shunted into the next act (barring me from completing content /outside/ town). In another scene my character was forced into a situation where he had to bribe a guard or kill him. The scene as portrayed with the character models is a quiet abandoned alley. Believing we were alone and not willing to be bullied I killed the guard. Later I'm told that there were witnesses and that I'm wanted by the law. Would I have chosen differently if I'd known this was a populated street? Maybe. We'll never know, the game didn't present me with enough information.*That's it. I can look past poor graphics/sound. I can forgive overly complex or dated mechanics. I have a hard time accepting bad design and artificial difficulty via intentional lack of information. I give Dark Souls a hard pass for the same reason. For example: You walk around a corner and die instantly to a skeleton that knocks you off the cliff. That's not difficulty. What's the lesson? That you should move around every blind corner with dodge roll? No. That's difficulty through memorization and that's dumb."
,Recommended,230070,7858249,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ChangelingVenom,"I, a person who usually plays games that do not tax my potatoputer, am very happy about this game. Not only does it have a beautifully dystopian world, but it is also very challenging! It is at the perfect point at which you are frustrated enough to play again after failing hard instead of rage quitting. I would comment on more, but as it stands, it is a perfect A in all categories BUT ONE—Saving/loading. I love this game so much, but I am a bloody forgetful fellow when I get immersed in a world, so I forget to save... or, like when I had just killed Cassius' guards after betraying the C-guild, I had to immeditely go from fighting them to fighting a tower! There was no save points in between, so I just fought the same two guards for quite some time and am now contemplating just reseting the whole save!ALL I WANT (for channukah):+SAVING-Autosave-Able to save during text screens (unless there is already a way and I am just an idiot)+MORE-of this wonderful game!"
76561197968511158,Recommended,230070,18483825,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nael,"Does Age of Decadence utilize bleeding edge graphics?  No.  Does Age of Decadence feature a dense and branching storyline that is replayable, a skill system that further encourages replays and experiementation, NPCs with realistic and logical motivations, and and a dialogue system that is perhaps the most detailed and rewarding to be created in recent memory?  Yes to all of these and that is why Age of Decadence is truly a pack leader when it comes to cRPGs.  The width and breadth of this game is made all the more impressive when you look at how small the creative team is that developed it.  Granted, AoD has been in development for an age but I promise you that the wait was well worth it.  If you're looking for a truly classic style RPG whose possibilities make for an experience that could keep one busy for a very long time then look no further."
76561198057918559,Recommended,230070,15806538,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Tours732,"I complained to the dev about the cursor not working right. Within a few days he fixed the cursor now it works fine. This dev actually cares what the community thinks, and listens to their advice/complaints. Awesome game and dev!"
76561198104089191,Recommended,230070,18076337,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bushi Neko,"Waaaaay back when this first released Early Access, I wrote a review in which I thumbed down the title for the time.  Even had a bit of a chat with the Dev then.  But as I said in that review.. I expected more to come, and the whole to flesh out.  Well just popped back in for a bit, to see how the progression had come along. Totally new world. It was entertaining, and kept me thinking beyond hack and slash.I chose a Grifter this go round.Overall, its a fun ""Fallout"" sort of title, but only in the layout and interactions.. its an interesting take on the world.Thumbs up.EDIT: Time to add some actual info.The graphics are nice for isometric. think Fallout improved.The inventory / combat / movement is well done. Easy to use.Character Creation and advancement is a real treat. As you really need to think about who / what you are. They really got it right in the fact that you cannot be a Dragonslayer Knight Templar / Loremaster / Thief  all at once. You have to really think it thru'. Balance? Or be good at what I am. Later you can and do acquire more knowledge and skills all around, but focus on one type is the key to long term success.The world is developed, the quest easy to sort your way in, and choices totally matter. Much replayability."
,Recommended,230070,18472337,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Antera,If you love old school RPGs you will love this game.
,Recommended,230070,18481320,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,lq,"Really unique game. We are not the chosen one, NPCs are not stupid and basically the game world doesn't revolve around our characters. Really non-linear, not in the open-world exploration sense, but in the story progression which IMO is much more important if you value things like choice and consequence."
76561198043303424,Recommended,230070,18728830,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Yorm,"Short version: must have if you like RPGs; must try the demo otherwise.Long version:1. Lots of story content.You know how in most modern RPGs the story is on rails? Sometimes those rails pass through scenic (Alpha Protocol) or even breathtaking (Mass Effect) story environments, and you don't really mind. Sometimes a few short rail tracks are scattered across the wasteland, and as long as wondering the wasteland is satisfying (Elder Scrolls) you don't really mind.Yet Age of Decadence isn't about rails at all. The story is a freaking web; you get to choose your own path through it, jumping back and forth between multiple story lines at will, with consequences for the environment ranging from none at all to scorched earth.2. Satisfying combat (and not only combat).Quite a few turn-based games managed to bore me rather quickly due to repetitive and dull combat. Despite bowing to the effort put into Divinity: Original Sin, for instance, I just can't take another round of ""buff-summon-summon-slash-slash-slash-heal-slash-slash-slash-heal..."" for at least 3 turns each time a lowly wolf crosses my path - you can't quickly steamroll through non-challenging encounters because of the turn-based combat system, and those non-challenging encounters are everywhere.Age of Decadence never managed to bore with combat. Combat system offers a lot of tools and options, most encounters are unique (no hordes after hordes of generic thugs every 5 meters), plus combat is usually just one of the ways to solve a problem.Not in the mood for a fight with those thieves? Tell them how many you've killed and they'll kindly see themselves out of your way.Having second thoughts about a brawl with gate guards? Well, if you know a thing or two about sneaking and have a dagger, some instant kills may be coming your way. Or bribe them. Or convince them you're an awkward scientist. Or a highborn. Or a travelling vendor. Or show them a peculiar signet ring. Or throw something at them. Or... Well, guess you're getting it by now.That said, you can finish the game without having to fight once - or slaughter armies.3. Power armor.To sum up: a brilliant RPG title definitely worthy of your time - and your support."
,Recommended,230070,33572376,Posted: 15 July,all,xSilas43,"AWESOME! A slower paced cRPG in the traditional isometric view with incredible choices that actually matter. Each decision in this game will leaving you thinking of all the possible consequences of your current actions. The writing is also top notch, constantly getting laughs out of me. An aboslute blast to play while in a semi-relaxed mood. My only gripe so far is that after completeing some quest opbjectives you may be teleported closer to the return objective and its somewhat disorientating however, I do feel like this helps with the pacing of the game and do like the feature overall.Update: My playthrough as a Loremaster has by far been my favorite, with the correct stats the world is at your fingertips. Every area a new hunt for artifacts finding small fragments of a world that once was, trying to piece together the mystery of the world around you. Progression through the game is full of incredible stories and tough decisions, I managed to get a few endings with the only fights I did in the arena for fun, so about 5 all game."
76561198030794979,Recommended,230070,19203683,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,JohnvanTuyn,"A reasonably good game, worth a purchase at the asking price if you are looking for a typical RPG, but can do without the magic / special abilities that most other games come with.The good: The combat system is pretty decent, although not flashy. The crafting system is nice, but you'll need to sacrifice a lot of very scarce character points to have it. Finally the story and setting are less cliche than most RPGs which is a big plus.The bad: The makers of this game have put a lot of effort in making the game unique / replayable with different character classes. This is a miscalculation in my view because it meant that the main story is rather short. And after playing through that same story 2 times you will be done with the game, leaving all those unexplored alternate side-stories unseen.Verdict: A carefull recommendation, it won't be for everyone."
,Recommended,230070,29930789,Posted: 14 February,all,roguefrog,"Age of Decadence is a classic style CRPG from a bygone era. It is intoxicated with skill checks and prose; built for maximum replayability with a modest play time of around 8-12 hours so multiple playthroughs are not only possible, but encouraged. This is not your Elder Scrolls: factions are more grounded and conflicting with one another, as in working for one usually means shutting out all the others. The world setting is post-apocalyptic Fall-of-Rome inspired by way of some magical and mysterious war that you can unravel to certain degrees given your ability (Hint: you will need LORE for this). It is both surprising and captivating in ways most modern RPGs are not."
,Recommended,230070,34398962,Posted: 21 August,all,Dougie Jones,"One of the greatest RPGs I've ever played. Age of Decadence features brilliant writing, an interesting plot, brutal and unforgiving combat, tons of choices to make with great reactivity. This comes exceptionally close to matching Fallout 1/2 in terms of role playing."
,Recommended,230070,25812172,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,huckc,"No level scaling: CheckNo item restrictions: CheckOptimized for the only one difficulty setting (HARD): CheckTedium: 0Bonus 1:Great lore, interesting setting, great character portraits, great music.Bonus 2:Great combat animations (rather primitive graphics but scales well to 1080p) and no silly razzle dazzle particle effects.Bonus 3:Great dialogue. It's amusing, funny, gritty, and best of all actually resembles how people talk.  People are angry, annoyed, scared, bored, amused and it comes accross very well in the writing.  ""Yep I can totally see this guys saying that in this situation"" - MeBonus 4:NPCs are plausible and realistic (Not PC but instead rooted in common sense and biology).Bonus 5:No classes, all skill based.  You're not Mr. Archer or Mr. Fighter, you're just YOU with your own attributes and skills."
76561197961264125,Recommended,230070,26108740,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,LocoFreak,"I never write reviews, but this game deserves a resounding positive one.  To me it's like an old choose your own adventure book combined with RPG skills and turn based combat.  Very interesting settings, stories, and lore.  Absolutely great fun and replayable in so many ways.  Get it."
76561197977649322,Recommended,230070,18541349,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Echoic,"Playing the tutorial I was thinking ""oh gawd what have I bought""... The graphics, art design and stilted animations make it look like a kind of B grade title from the early 2000's.  The look and feel of AoD wouldn't compare favorably to a game like Gladius from 2003 for instance (though admittedly comparing it with work from a big studio like Lucasarts title isn't very fair).  But, this was a fine game.It had wider sub-plot branches than I've come to expect from an RPG and tightly balanced combat.  There's nothing terribly original about the story but it feels carefully crafted.  There is a lot of writing but hardly any bloat, so it seems like it has had plenty of careful editing.It's fairly easy to recommend.  Beware of elevators, though... You'll spend half the game hearing about Doomed Archaelogical Expeditions that discovered elevators... then never returned!  *gasp*"
,Recommended,230070,13753273,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Yankee,"I'll start by saying this:This is easily one of the best RPGs I've ever played. I don't think there's another game out there that captured my interest so quick. But that doesn't tell you much. Let me elaborate.Age of Decadence is brutal. It's painful. It will kick you while you're down and do it again, and again, and again. Every situation you'll encounter in this game is either going to leave you in a life or death struggle or trying to piece together things you couldn't hope to understand, and that's a good thing. This is not like modern RPGs(i.e. the more recent incarnations of the Falllout Series, Elder Scrolls, Divinity, Underrail, etc) nor is it entirely like those of old(Fallout 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate, etc.). I am reminded of all, I see influences while playing it, but Decadence sticks out on its own. Again, I think it has to do with difficulty.Decadence hands nothing to you: you pick your character background, assign some basic Stats, and then pick a few skills to upgrade. Character creation leaves you tied to what you make--A strongman swordsman with wind blowing through his ears will still be dumber than a bag of rocks by the end of the game, a persuasive talker who has no combat prowess will consistently get shredded within moments of entering combat. What you make is what you get.To put it another way, Decadence does not put you in the shoes of the hero. You can die in the first fight very, very easily( I have, multiple times), and I'm sure you will as well. You are very much an everyman, someone thrown into a world that can and will exist with or without you. The only time you're ever going to be anyone of status('Hero', 'Chosen One', 'Scourge of Humanity', 'Demi-god', etc.) is by putting enough people down at your feet through hard-scrabble fights and barely coming through alive. You have to live a legendary life before you can become a legend yourself.Thereagain, that's assuming you choose to fight at all. This isn't necessarily a combat oriented game--you can talk your way out of things, trick, cheat and steal your way to success--Decadence encourages you, in a way, to avoid messy solutions. In fact, it'll often get you farther in terms of understanding the game world, story, the politics of the world Iron Tower has created and the people and creatures living in it. It'll also leave you cursing yourself as misallocated skill points cost you the opportunity to read that dillapidated scroll in an ancient library, or pull off negotiations with a feuding noble, or figure out a way to talk your way through a horde of angry tribals who want to throw you into a pit with an abomination from ages beyond. It's not any easier, certainly, the life of a silver-tongued devil compared to a battle-scarred warrior.Sounds rather difficult, right? For people who have some kind of enjoyment of punishment and pain?This game will teach you to enjoy failure. Half the fun will be trying again, in dealing with the failure. There are moments, certainly, where things get to be a little ridiculous(I wasn't very happy when I had to trash my first character partway through) but once you get into the game, things move quick. Trying again isn't so bad after you know what to do, how to maximize your effectiveness in the playstyle you shoot for. And sometimes, you'll just have to reload and try again, and hope the rolls are kinder to you, that your hits land this time and that four-armed monstrosity you're fighting stops landing criticals every hit for the past twenty loads in a row.Furthermore, it's very, very hard to make a decent jack-of-all-trades character, let alone an expert in everything. Honestly, it's hard to go purely for combat, or social skills, and so on.  It takes some maneuvering to get your skills where you need them when you need them. More often than not, you'll be reloading or restarting entirely, trying to find out the best order to do things, the best way to spend your points, the best options to choose in each situation so you don't hit a brick wall later on, finding out you literally cannot progress past a certain point because of errors in character building.Going off the jack of all trades, to fully experience the game, you(probably) will have to make multiple characters. At the moment, I've got a mercenary/warrior character with some light social skills and a character who is built entirely around understanding the ancient history of the gameworld(there is actually a skill for this in game, called ""lore"", and it's rather useful) as well as persuasion and the like. I'm probably going to have to make another one, and one more, and so on to really get the full picture. You will too, and probably will want to. Each character has a very different story, a very different interaction with the world: you'll need quite a few to get a good picture of it all.Speaking of the world, the ""bigger picture"": This game has some serious writing behind it. It, quite simply, turns your expectation from a possibly predicatable RPG storyline to feeling like your reading a novel that's just setting the stage for an entire series. There's a huge meta-plot going on beyond the actions of your character--the story becomes as much about the world your exploring and its history as it does about your character's journey through it and it left me craving more. In fact, I made that lore-based character I mentioned earlier solely for the the purpose of digging deeper into the realm presented. Like the inhabitants of the world of Age of Decadence, I wanted to find out more about the fantastic world they lived in, what happened to it, and how exactly it got to where it is now.At the time of writing this review, the game is still in early access, and we're waiting on a big update to wrap up the exisiting questlines, locations and so on. So, be aware you might not be able finish the game right yet if you buy this in early 2015. However, there is so much content you won't get bored while waiting. Best of all, you can(probably) use your previous saves in future updates--barring any serious scripting errors that might arise in the future with updates and so on, older saves seem to be pretty compatible with new versions of the game.All in all, I am very happy with my purchase(I've owned this game four or five days and already have 30-40 hours in it) and I can't recommend it more. Well worth the price.If you have any doubts, try the demo first. It's there and is a good representation of the gameplay. Also, try reading the forums and asking around if you're not sure--the community is very friendly, as are the developers.TL;DR version:Do you like difficult, challenging  RPGs with great writing that encourage that force you to learn from your failed attempts and turns it into something enjoyable?Then buy it.Oh, one last thing: Save like a madman! You're going to die soon."
76561198039768988,Recommended,230070,18542259,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Coin,"Good game, very hard combat until you get used to it. Then it becomes fairly standard.Not a patch on fallout 2 unfortunatly, but its probably the closest to it i have played in a while.Replayability is a bonus but i feel like regardless of what class i went i missed out on a huge portion of the games content. This forced me to play other classes and roles to experience the other parts of the game.If this game had a much wider base of towns/areas to visit and quest in i think it would vastly improve the game. A large amount of the quests have pre-requisites and skill checks which can make them impossible to do with certain builds.All in all for me it was a fun experience, just too short."
76561198052261990,Not Recommended,230070,30353365,Posted: 6 March,all,staysa001,"Never written a review on here but I felt it necessary as most of the glowing reviews on here are very misleading.The game is not difficult in the sense most people would think. It requires very little thought to find the optimal solution with the information you have, and then it is simply rolling the dice a few times to beat the combat. The ""difficultly"" is the game punishes you for things you have no way of knowing will happen until they happen, but they happen the same way every time, so you reroll with the new information.The game thusly becomes basic pattern recognition and trial & error. The patterns are very simple, the options are few. It is almost like a long series of multiple choice questions. If you put in the wrong answer, try the other one until you can proceed. You keep this up until you either beat the final boss or run into a wall. You will likely run into many unbeatable walls, and reroll many times, before you even see the final boss.For me, the final straw was getting to the last boss only to be utterly destroyed by him. It took around 7 reloads to land one hit, and another 20+ reloads to give up, as he never went below the first ""slightly wounded"" state. The most I ever got was 2 rounds of combat.If the above sounds like a good time to you, then definitely buy it, but to me this game is incredibly niche and I can't in good faith recommend it to anyone."
76561198119054552,Recommended,230070,18474435,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Karsa,"I wanted this review to be about deep combat system, witty writing, great setting, challenging difficulty and plenty of choices and consequences.Then I decided against it. Do not get me wrong, these are all there, and others will surely cover them in detail.I will mention 2 other points instead:- couple of years ago, fans of isometric RPGs with turn-based (or RTwP) combat, focused on writing and quest desing, had a tough time. Infinity engine games were no longer made, Fallout got turned into FPS, Black isle and Troika were no more.  Now, we enjoy a renaissance with games like Divinity:OS, Wasteland 2, Pillars of Eternity or new Torment. But it was AoD that was, at least for me, the first herald of incline. Even though it was overtaken by quicker development of other titles, devs from Iron Tower were first or among the first who believed that such games will still have audience. I hope we will prove them right.- how many of us would quit a steady job to follow an uncertain dream? We all hope we would; in the dev team this already happened, when some of them felt work on AoD can no longer be done part-time.Recommendation: Buy. Unless it is on sale, then wait till sale is over and buy for full price to better support devs in further game development."
76561198001319511,Recommended,230070,22862164,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Asmodeus,"This is a wonderful indy role playing game which defies genre conventions.I am a pen&paper player at heart and if you like role playing (as in enacting a character and not in leveling your stealthy warrior-mage) I cannot encourage you enough to give this game a shot.A few things that stand out for me:- The game doesn't have grind. If it comes to a fight the fight is justified and brutal.- The game is not too long, but it has lockouts. This means one playthrough will take around 8h, but you will not understand everything. Which is reasonable as a realistic character will never be fit to do everything. However the game encourages multiple playthroughs and this will not mean a few different choices, but it will mean visiting completely different locations meeting completely different people.- The story and lore are actually very good. At first it doesn't stand out too much. But I did three playthroughs now (Merchant / Loremaster / Assassin) and I apprechiate all the details that have been put into very much.- The combat system is quite balanced. The game has random number generation but in a lot of fights when I was dying raising a combat stat by one point usually made a big difference.A few negative points are to be mentioned as well. Most of them are expected when you purchase a game from a small indy studio which has a focus on story:- The graphics are not the best.- There is no voice acting.- A very small amount of things/people are actually animated.- The music is good, but gets repetitive."
76561198000712372,Recommended,230070,18562785,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Irenaeus,The best cRPG in terms of choice and consequences that I ever played. Brutal world which will make you think before making an option. Great turned based combat. Recommended for all serious RPG people.
76561197985904632,Not Recommended,230070,34238909,Posted: 14 August,all,Michael,"I really liked the setting as well as the history, however the way that missions were consistently removed from my reach because of decisions I had made without any forewarning ruined it for me. I felt like I was floundering through the game with no real control over my destiny, I tried to resolve this issue by save scumming, so I would go back and try different paths if I realised that one was cut off, but ultimately that just made the game tedious. In fact, I found myself saving before every encounter or conversation as well, because the consequences for actions within a single conversation or encounter weren’t always clear from the outset, which was frustrating. Sometimes it felt like this disconnect between my decisions and the consequences was because there was cut content, but that might just be a feeling. An example of this is,I decided to allow Cassius the Lore master live and I took him to serve the local Warlord. Now, Cassius is an expert in metallurgy with an interest in the old knowledge of blue steel, which is a very valuable metal in the game. I help the local ambitious warlord gain control of an old blue steel mine. I even bring the ancient machinery in the mine back to life so that it can create blue steel. I go back to the Warlord and get a couple of coins and that’s the end of that. I never hear of it ever again. Nothing of note happens apart from I annoy one of his enemies. In fact, in the epilogue it says that Cassius was useless to the local warlord and achieved nothing of note and that the local Warlord basically failed at being a Warlord. It doesn’t even mention that he’s army had access to top tier armour and weapons.These consequences don’t match the information I was presented with and this disconnect happens throughout the game.I think that the game is probably best played as a rollercoaster where you pick your path at the beginning and just go with it, allowing things to happen around you. Though you might still have problems with the skill checks which can add their own level of tedium, as knowing which skills you will need to do well isn’t always intuitive and failing skill checks can mean that you miss out on content.If Steam had a neutral thumb gesture I would have clicked on that. The tedium is almost offset by the cool world."
,Recommended,230070,24332532,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mocker,"This unique isometric RPG opens with a quote from Glen Cook’sThe Black Company, and fans of Cook’s dark military fantasy novels will feel right at home in this gritty and grimy setting. The Age of Decadence drops you into a crumbling empire teetering on the brink of chaos, with several major guilds and noble houses vying for power while the general populace struggles to survive amidst gangs of thugs, mercenaries, and religious fanatics. It’s a harsh and brutal world with very little magic outside basic alchemy and very few monsters, though your fellow humans fill the latter role quite admirably.Unlike most RPGs, The Age of Decadence emphasizes story and character interaction over combat as the player gets caught up in various schemes and power struggles. In many events throughout the game, the player is confronted with meaningful choices which alter the direction of the story in meaningful ways, opening new possibilities while closing off others. There are multiple paths through the story and the player can choose between allying with the Commercium (merchants guild), the Imperial Guards, the Boatmen of Styx (assassins guild), and several other factions. Each path provides a different perspective on the overarching story while the player’s decisions and actions help shift the balance of power between the various factions. This lends the game excellent replay value as each playthrough with a different character type creates a distinctly different experience.Skills are split between Combat Skills (e.g., Swords, Bows, Dodge, Block, etc.) and General Skills (e.g., Sneak, Streetwise, Crafting, Lore, etc.). Building different skills unlocks different options throughout the game, allowing the story to progress in different directions. Of course there are never quite enough skill points to go around, so you’ll need to make some choices in terms of what to focus on, and those choices will impact which options or paths are available as you work through the story.While combat isn’t the primary focus of the game, the turn-based combat system makes for some challenging conflicts. There’s a good variety of weapon types with poison, potions, and other items like nets and bolas supplementing your character’s abilities. Fans of traditional RPGs should be advised that The Age of Decadence takes a slightly more realistic approach to combat; you’re not likely to become an unstoppable killing machine but focusing on combat skills will allow your character to progress quite a bit. Or you can focus more on non-combat skills, leveraging skill-based alternative options which allow you to progress through the game with minimal combat.The game’s fairly heavy on text, drawing inspiration from Cook’s noir-flavored narratives to build a broken and decaying society filled with shady characters. The world design follows suit with lots of yellows and browns, crumbling ruins and scrabbly flora. All together, it builds a cohesive world with a very distinctive feel.Bear in mind that it isn’t an open world RPG, each area is broken up into zones and the paths to navigate those zones are somewhat limited, so you don’t get the kind of free range exploration found in open world RPGs. It also isn’t a terribly long game, though what’s there is plenty substantial enough to be satisfying, and the variations when playing through it with different characters lends it a lot more life.Despite those limitations in scope, The Age of Decadence accomplishes what it sets out to do extremely well, delivering a unique and challenging RPG experience in a dangerous world echoing the spirit and tone of Glen Cook’s landmark military fantasy series. Just as Cook challenged and subverted the fantasy genre’s conventions in the 80s and 90s, The Age of Decadence flips around many of the conventions common to modern RPGs, offering meaningful choices and branching story paths while focusing on street-level characters with limited abilities rather than gods and kings.Highly recommended for fans of isometric RPGs who'd like a change of pace emphasizing story and meaningful choices over endless combat."
,Recommended,230070,18484509,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tacgnol,"I'm still working my way through AOD, but I can say for sure that this is a well written, brutal, classic CRPG with plenty of C&C.Combat is fun and satisfying and usually the hardest way of solving problems (just like real life). Diplomatic and stealth options are numerous and well implemented."
76561198018847741,Recommended,230070,29371345,Posted: 20 January,all,Brasidas,"9 Feb Update: I have completed the game a week back. Played through three profiles, as loremaster, assassin and mercenary. As much as there're a bunch of readers who may not agree with my review, I stand by the original points made. You don't level up in this game, your stats cannot be easily improved (only through specific quests and items, which can be difficult to obtain) and as other reviewers have mentioned, the flow of the game seems like a patchwork of events and details. I still recommend AoD, but it's not as good as it could have been. Am hoping AoD 2 (if there is one) will address some of the points that have been raised.=============I’ve been a long-time RPG player, so when I found this title, I had to try it out. Note that I haven’t completed the game yet, but I do have enough hours and firm impressions to post an informed review. Here are some of the pros and cons:Pros:• This game has a LOT of replayability. I know that RPGs seem to boast that a lot, but AOD really delivers. I’ll give you one example: a number of options and interactions with NPCs are only available to certain classes. If you’re an assassin and try talking to a representative of the merchant guild, it’s not going to happen. So this really “forces” the player to try out different classes and roles. As such, there are dialogues and options that do not appear unless you can trigger them as a member of a different class. This keeps things interesting, even though the main story arc remains the same. True replayability is difficult to achieve, but I think AOD does this quite well.•The dialog and story are detailed and well-crafted. You will often be presented with options reminiscent of old D & D days, or pen and paper gaming.•You can craft (weapons and armor), and perform alchemy to create potions, bombs, etc.•The graphical details and renderings are true to the era.Cons:•You can play AOD on only ONE difficulty setting, and let me tell you, it can be difficult. You will die. A LOT.•Combat can be frustrating. You will almost always find yourself outnumbered, and you won’t have any controlled-NPCs join you in your quest, so you’re almost always fighting alone. There are battles where you have AI-controlled NPCs on your team, but they can be pretty hopeless since you can’t control them at all.•There is a huge shortage of alchemical items to create potions, bombs etc. Merchants don’t get restocked for a long time and ingredients in the wild are hard to come by. This gets a little ridiculous when you’re fighting alone almost all the time and when these items can level the playing field.•You cannot improve your base stats. For e.g. if you generate a character with 40hp, he/she will ALWAYS have 40hp. Not sure if I like this system.•You cannot drink healing potions in battle. The tutorial says it’s unrealistic to do this while fighting, but you do have quick access belt pouches that let you switch out certain items for 0 action points, so why not heal during battle? This feature makes battles unnecessarily difficult.•While you cannot save in the turn-based combat system, the game auto-saves at critical points, so if you get killed, you can reload and try a different strategy.•Not everything is clickable in the game world. Not all doors work. Only certain items can be interacted with. This is why games like Fallout and Jagged Alliance are superior – you can interact with almost every door, and most items.•There are also some weird bugs in the game. Some quests don’t register the response you give, yet allow you to complete it. Then when you return to the quest giver (e.g. 2nd quest in Hector sub-plot) for the reward, they ignore you. Camera scrolling is also not consistent. Sometimes it gets “stuck,” and you have to move the camera forward/backward before it can side-scroll again, which is pretty annoying.•The quest tracking system can be improved. There are no notes on who/where a certain NPC is, if you happen to lose track of your open quests (there can be quite a few). You also cannot make notes in your journal or annotate your map.AOD is a fun game that happens to be marred by some lack of attention to the details above. It has pretty good replayability, but falls short of being one of the great ones. I’d recommend buying it only with a decent discount (50% or more).6.5/10.0"
76561197984806220,Recommended,230070,19123705,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,???,One of the very best RPGs in terms of replayability.
,Recommended,230070,18474669,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[TFB] SetupDownzie,"My poor♥♥♥♥♥is raw. pls gief cream...Age of Decadence is the type of game that will look rather low key in terms of graphics, yet delivers on hard gameplay and rich story.It's bloody rewarding though, you'll feel real accomplishment when you win a tough fight or progress through a rather tricky part of the story. The story itself is highly enjoyable. Doesn't give to much away, letting you slowly soak up the rather rich (and depressing) lore of how the world has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Makes the fall of the Western Roman Empire seem like a ride in the park)Plus I love history, so the fact the dev's have used the fall of ancient rome as their basis makes me moist.BUT OH GOD MY ASSASSIN CANNOT DODGE NOW HE IS DEAD."
,Not Recommended,230070,25104423,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Foxy Box,"This game could have been great. Its got all the cornerstones for a good rpg:+A well developed world+Interesting npcs+good leveling system+craftingBut unfortunately its missing some key elements. Or, more accurately, it has these elements in a very flawed state. There is no role playing in this RPG, its all roll playing. Nothing matters apart from where you put your stat points. The game has all the breath of an ocean and the depth of a puddle. You'll find yourself restarting again and again because you statted out your character incorrectly. You'll find yourself skipping through the same dialogue scenes over and over, wodering why you're wasting your time on this. And then you'll beat that part you were stuck on, only to realize that there is another part after it that required you to raise one particular skill in order to get a desirable outcome.If it could use your skills as modifiers for an rng, then this would all be fine. But since you're stuck with blindely guessing where to dump your exp, you'll always end up feeling cheated by the arbitrary nature of this game.I wish it was better. I would have loved this game. But as it stands, its not worth the money, even on a steam sale."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,230070,21743285,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,becephalus,"I love the idea of this game, and the writing is superb, but sadly for me I just found it too restrictive.  To have any success in combat you need to play a character who is an idiot, and hybrid play seems to pay off extremely poorly.  So you are a weakling smooth talker, an assasin, or a big brute.  When I treid to play with even somewhat hybrid roles (say 6-6-6-6-9-7) the playthroughs just really don't go well without a lot of save loading.In many ways I kind fo felt this was more of a puzzle game than an RPG.  It is hard to do well without knowing which quests are coming and when to take what upgrades.ANyway a good game that some people I am sure love, but as much as I treid to like it I just couldn't get out from under the feeling I was puzzling out my playthroughs rather than role playing them."
,Recommended,230070,30363005,Posted: 6 March,all,MadMonkMarkov,"TL;DR: Play the demo first and support the devs if you like it.This game is for big boys only, if you think you can be a master of all trades, a überbrute who beats 10 armored dudes in a fight and at same time be a übernerd to unlock all of the forgotten lore & ancient technology, well... no Skyrim for you, you'll probably die a lot without acomplishing any of the two.Age of Decadence favors specialization and I truly recommend focusing in building either a talkative\persuasive character or a muderous psychopath in yourfirst playthrough, while the former seems boring it turns out that turning lords against each other and ♥♥♥♥ing up everything without (directly) killing anyone is pretty fun. However, as some reviews point it out, it's not for everyone, if you play the first missions and like it then you'll probably play this again under a diferent build, and again with different choices, and again trying to become or kill a god... otherwise stay away or refund,there's a demoso why not try it?"
76561198033052010,Recommended,230070,18926084,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TheLordDumaine,"This game is one of the best RPG experiences I've had in years. It has its downs, such as the simplistic graphics(which they make up for in phenomenal portrait art), yet, that is a minor setback (as far as I'm concerned, you can get great graphics and terrible story everywhere in mainstream gaming). The sheer variety of ways to approach quests, interactions, and gameplay is impressive alone, not to mention the intruiging world and well written lore. You want combat? You've got it. You want to never touch a blade,yet topple kings? Done. As much as I love a good five paragraph long review, I will restrain myself and leave it at this: this is a great game with challanging choices and realistic consequences. Be prepared for 7-8 playthroughs and multiple death screens. Worth your time any day of the week even at full price."
76561197973886620,Recommended,230070,25477749,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mr. Tibbs,"I love that in AOD you have to behave sensibly. Like if you barge into a noble's house and push your luck too far, you'll face dire consequences. Warnings are followed through, and ill-conceived plans have disastrous results.In most contemporary RPGs, if you try to manipulate an NPC and fail, you can fight your way out regardless of build. Invariably, you end up a God-like soldier, with the charisma of a movie star, who can sneak into any encampment, and take whatever you please without facing any real consequences. As a plucky Thief, the first-time I confronted a bandit camp I attempted a bogus strategy of, ""I'll let them know what I know and reap some reward from this unique dialogue option."" The leader of the encampment laughed at me, and in about 3 seconds I was deservedly staring at a game over screen for not using common sense. What the hell would a group of viscous rebels care about killing a loner who attempted to blackmail them?You actually have to play a role in this game. You can take risks but only calculated ones. It's one of the most cruel game worlds I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,230070,18473294,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,galagek,"This game drew me in after discovering it when I pre-ordered Dead State. At first the setting drew me in, but what makes me come back for more every time is the big differences there are from play through to play through. While it certainly does not contain the amount of text and story line of a game like Planescape Torment, the story is quite compelling. I love that you are not able to find all information in one go, meaning you get to experience the events of the game from different vantage points while slowly but surely learning more about the history of the setting. I fully recommend this game to RPG lovers that don't mind challenging battles and mysterious settings."
76561198027567827,Recommended,230070,19591550,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Black Romulan,"I confess I had totaly ignored this game after I first bought it favoring other flashier games. But came back to try it looking for a decent RPG and got absolutely hooked. This is a FTL-level stealth charmer that you don't think much about until you have spent several hours on it obsessing about how casual game encounters could be done better giving different responses or wearing different gear or building your character a little differently or after changing a few aliegences. This is a really nice, surprisingly immersive charmer of an RPG. Highly recommended.I don't always write game reviews, but when I do its for exceptional game concepts.Stay Decadent, my friends!"
76561197971146222,Recommended,230070,18480805,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[V-M] Ziegfried,Absolutely worth the money.Good story with plenty of options.
,Recommended,230070,31985016,Posted: 26 May,all,vitalik1700,"I played the game a few times, and then i read negative reviews and was a little confused. Not with simple ""the game is complete mess"" stuff with 3-4 hours on record, it's inevitable for the game of such complexity. I am confused by the people who invested 20+ hours in it and still a like ""I cannot play this, i constantly mess everything"". For me it's extra weird. Because I after second playthrough (first one i failed miserably) I've got to conclusion that contrarily, game is really easy in most cases, except the ones expecially desinged to be extra hard (and experienced players-only). The key to it is given as the plain text at he beginning - not do things your character is bad at. And the game ALWAYS gives you multiple ways to proceed. So the only way to fail it miserably is either to do something utterly illogical (like combat-incapable assassin) or spread too thin (the way i failed the first time). And if you do nothing stupid and choose specialization... you see, the world here is pre-defined. There is no explicit level progression and there is no level scaling. And everything is balanced to be doable by not very good players. So if you concentrate on combat, you'll start shredding everyone to pieces very early, and will shred everyone to the end of the game. I've maxed daggers and shield at the middle of the game and all fights for me was like ""oh, again constant clicking on those pesky bots, who cannot even pierce my armor. and lol, i've got another bunch of irrelevant debuffs"".And a thing, that confuses me the most, is complain ""there is no way to proceed"". What?!! There ALWAYS is a way to proceed. Yes, sometimes this way is through failure of some kind, which may be a bit unpleasant, but hey, noboy told that it will be easy (actualy, you were told opposite a couple of times).About the game itself... I like it. It's the only game (except Fallout 2) i played more than one time in my life. Because it's the only game i played, which makes different playthroughs completely different (and equally unteresting) based on your build and choices. And combat system... it's almost ideal (it's ideal in AoD's cousin ""Dungeon Rats"" since there are much less non-combat possibilities and it's balanced to only with warrior build). And it's cone of the few games that didn't disappoint me completely."
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,230070,20862121,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AlterEgo45,"Way too linear. It's more like a choose your own adventure book than a video game. The 'quests' are all scripted and the dialogue option that you pick determines whether you live or die.Looking at the game descriptions, it shows that you have the option of developing a character in all these different ways and getting all these cool skills, but you can only use those skills in very rigidly defined situations. You don't even know the location of other towns down the road until you get a quest to visit them, and there's no way of questing on your own.Also, the combat is hard enough and the non-combat stuff is hard enough that doing anything other than min/maxing is suicide. So if you're running a stealthy character for example, you'd better spend every single point you can on stealth. No exceptions. You're either going to have a character that will only be able to choose a stealthy option, or you're going to have a character that has no options at all.I repeat that combat is HARD. They tell you up front that it's hard, but even a one on one fight where you're using a character entirely devoted to fighting is dangerous. And because the game is linear and there don't seem to be any random combats, you have very few even fights with which to develop your combat skills without getting killed. If I'm running a fighter and I can't fight, then what am I supposed to do?"
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,230070,18607166,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CavityCommunion,"I've been playing this game a lot after buying it, not because its so much fun, but because I kept trying different characters to see if I could progress to the end. This game is supposed to be difficult in comparison to other top down rpg games. What I find that makes it difficult is the game is designed too restrictively. My longest progression was as an asssasin, but I reached a point where I am unable to finish any more quests because I did not spend my character points gained from exp as I'm 'supposed' to. At least as far as I can guess. I've tried other characters with diffrerent roles and I become too annoyed that i'm not spending points as per, i'm assuming, the developers expect you to. There is almost no leeway to create a variation on a character. My assassin, to continue to progress, should not have any points spent in anything except fighting stats, sneaking, alchemy, and crafting. To finish the game as an assassin you can't do it as a charismatic killer or someone who is able to do stealth kills. Want to be a lore master who can also fight at least decently? Not happening. In the end I'm finding not spending points specifically right my characters were too limited for me to enjoy completing quests.As for the dialogue its poor, generic. The cursing seems thrown in instead of natural.The combat system is done well enough, but unless I focused purely on combat stats the fights required me to reload over and over and trying new things over and over. My characters began to feel like they could not handle themselves in a regular fight. Fighting is dangerous, you can easily be killed in reality, sure. But if its causing me in game to get annoyed or frustrated instead of keen to see what I'm able to do the game ends up not being worth my time.Wait for this to be on sale."
,Recommended,230070,18472141,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Redhotviking,"If Fallout 2 was in a Fantasy Setting this would be the game. It is hard and unforgiving for those not taking time to use everything at their disposal. The only thing I wish more of would be magic in it, it would then be more accurate to call it a mixture between Fallout 1 or 2 and Baldurs Gate. But the magic is lacking and in fantasy games I tend to want it, even if it is based on our own world where there are no demons, gods and the like to mess things up for us. (not that humans need help in destroying our world thats for sure) over all I would say 4 stars. Good and hard but not full jackpot."
76561198068208518,Recommended,230070,30189414,Posted: 26 February,all,Paul Plasmus,"This game is killer difficult, even after 50 hours of gameplay. BUT... its really good. There's nothing like the thrill of success when challenges and obstacles are so difficult. You will likely be lost for an hour or so while you figure out the mechanics, but after that its pretty smooth sailing and the depth is incredible. Do buy."
76561198082188350,Recommended,230070,18481751,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,danisking,I love this game its a hardcore Turn-Based game . If you are looking for a game thats difficulty and has massive replayability this is the game for you
76561198068589368,Recommended,230070,31477697,Posted: 30 April,all,Rational Thinker,"Pros:1) The atmosphere. The music and visuals perfectly sell the world and make you feel like you're living in the remnants of a fallen empire. The world feels vast and huge, even as you're traveling through the darkest sidealleys.2) The versatility of the stats. There are so many different ways to level your character.3) The range of characters. Each one is remarkably unique with their own set of ideals and ways in which they operate.4) The visuals. Sure, it's an isometric game so it's graphics have a lot of limitations. But that doesn't change the fact that when you enter major cities, they look big and grand and jaw-dropping.5) The difference between classes, specifically story wise. You end up going to each city and ending up at the same place, but the way you get there is so different in each class story that there's at least 6 different games in this. You can be a soldier in the new Roman Army and spread military power and order, or you can be an assassin working for the good of your guild, or you can be a loremaster unlocking the secrets of the universe (recommend doing that one last).Cons:1) Sometimes the combat is so difficult, it actually becomes unrealistic. For example, by the end you can be a character who is the star of the legion and slayer of dozens of men. Yet the random shmuck with a knife you find in an alley will still somehow be able to take you down to half health. And just give up if there's three of them. It always feels weird when I'm going up against guys who have no armor, crappy weapons, and come from impoverished backgrounds, yet somehow they have twice the amount of health. Personally, I don't think a slave even lower on the social ladder than you should have 45 health. There was a quite hilarious event when I was sneaking into a palace and came upon four ordinary, old and frail slave workers and decided to kill them to take their stuff. Then came the fight, and it turned out that not only did these guys appareantly carry around bronze clubs while lifting crates (one of them was even carrying a giant hammer as tall as he was, presumably for sorting out really uncooperative nails), but these common house workers were somehow highly proficient in them and were sporting 45 health a piece, 15 more health points than my assassin who had been trained from childhood. Needless to say, I lost that fight.True, a common mercernary or bodyguard should have a hard time when fighting big numbers or trained opponents. But by that same token, ordinary losers should have an equally difficult time when fighting a common mercernary or bodyguard. It feels like they wanted to make you know that you aren't the God of the world, but ended up going too far in the opposite direction and made you the weakest man who ever lived.Unless you go assassin. Assassins are beast.2) Options that you think you should be able to do, somehow you can't. There's a lot of moments when you think the right path is obvious but there's just not an option for it. Specifically for non-combat classes.Example: I'm a merchant and want a guy dead. Well I'm not going to go do it myself, I'll just go over to the assassin's guild and...oh, I can't for some reason. Well there's plenty of thugs around here...nope, none of them want business. I...guess I have to fight him? That'll go over well with my 0 combat skills.3) Regardless of path, every story ends in the same place. It's actually kind of amusing to see how the game bends over backwards to get characters who reasonably have no justification to seeking this place out yet somehow the plot forces you to it anyway through a convenience. The class endings clearly have less polish than the rest of their stories.4) No sign of a sequel. This is more of me complaining that I don't have /enough/ of this game, so not sure if it really counts as a ping against it.Still... sad."
,Recommended,230070,25066027,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ĢơłđҒĩŋģęŗ,"This is a fantastic RPG and probably one of my top favorites. The story is deep, diverse, and set in a refreshingly unique setting. If you enjoy Fallout 1 and 2 this is definitely worth a shot. Very excited to see the party based DLC. Replayabiltiy is MASSIVE in this game! I also suggest a few things:1) Play the demo first - if you like the game you can continue from your demo saves. Also make multiple characters/builds in the demo.2) Get in the habit of making MANY quick saves + manual saves.3) Don't spend skill points right as you get them, spend only what you need for the type of character you are making to pass skillchecks/combat as they appear during the game.4) Start the game making a pure fighter then play a game as a pure talker before trying to make a hybrid. Once you get a sense of the skill checks a Praetor hybrid playthrough was VERY satisfying.5) For combat oriented characters I suggest 1H hammer + block or 1H spear + block (specifically Kadmos' Skewer) with high percpetion for aimed attacks. Swords seemed rather weak for some reason. I would suggest staying away from dodge and to only put points in block as dodge seems fairly gimped relative to block."
,Recommended,230070,24942418,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rokolith,"A very innovative game that actually lives up to the idea of the replayable RPG. Where alot of RPGs claim to have a dangerous world, this game lives up to it. If you make the wrong decision to fight a dozen guards at once, prepare to die, mercilessly. This makes the thrill of victory in combat just as much about your meta-decisions to get to that point to the martial prowess of your character.That being said, you can also play this game almost entirely by being a talker, no problem. Or a loremaster (my favorite playthrough) or a Merchant, an Assassin, etc..I'm looking foreward to the next game this company puts out and I hope it's in the same spirit as age of decadence."
,Recommended,230070,18494863,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Lithium Flower,"Nearely every element of this game (story, combat, char building) is extremely enjoyable and highly replayable. The flow of the game might be a bit odd for some, with the character building being somewhat trial and error throughout the game, but as with any (good) CRPG you can get a lot out of it if you put the time and effort in."
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,230070,17041729,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Inzababa,"It tries hard, but doesn't achieve what it aims for.I'd guess that dev team is small and so is the budget but whatever the reasons, after playing this game a few times in Early Access, then just recently when I heard it was almost finished (20 out of 21 zones done), I click the ""quit"" button just one last time with mixed feelings.Where so many games focus on the form but totally lack any kind of depth, I feel AoD does pretty well on the story, the context, the structural ideas, gameplay and perks. But it feels empty, it has lots of incoherent dead ends, story loop bugs and just basically things that don't make sense.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed playing it, however the first 20 minuntes of the game got me expecting a game that would have been so much more than it really is.Plus the more than extreme dependence (from my point of view) on starting stats for character creation made it a little frustrating for me. There are things that work, and things that don't, and more of the later than the former, and if you didn't build you character in one of the ""working"" builds, you more or less won't get anywhere or at least won't have any fun getting there while you fail one quest after another. Or die, and die, and die.I don't mind dying, I don't mind tough games (I love Dark Souls II) but I don't like it when it feels unfair.Again, I did like the game, at least initially, and I do like the old school feel this game has, I even loved the fighting system (though I'm pretty sure it's bugges with 97% chance to hit missing 3 times in a row, or enemies hitting me more when I lowered their accuracy than when I didn't), I do like the story too and the concept, but it's not polished, it doesn't live up to expectations.So I'm not recommending this review because had I known what I know now, I wouldn't have bought it. That doesn't mean many other players will love it though, so it's more a case of what makes you have fun, and what doesn't."
,Recommended,230070,30463536,Posted: 11 March,all,oddbasket,"Sold a ""useless necklace bead"" which I received at the very start of the game to a blacksmith. Turns out it was an ancient artifact that unlocks hidden mysteries in a magical library. Looked at my 16 hours played since the beginning and went to cry in a corner.10/10 Would regret my foolish choices again.Full Review:A Post Apocalyptic Roman RPGIf imitation is the best form of flattery, Age of Decadence (AoD) pays the most compliments to one of CRPG genre's most well known title, Fallout 2.The difference between them is while Fallout 2 revolutionised modern CRPGs with it's open world freedom, of choice, progression and approach, it relates the story from one man's perspective. AoD is more restrictive with a linear progression, and favours a more specialised approach although the hybrid talky sneaky fighter is possible albeit penalised heavily with it's difficult combat, while revealing to players the big picture, a grand story involving characters created by the player from different factions, each with their own agenda for power and dominion over 3 of the remaining strongholds of civilisation.The narrative in AoD stands out with it's discoverable lore and handling of key plot events. Such plot events can play out without the player (to forward the story in a scripted direction) should they move on without resolving them, but the standout is the interweave of such events across plays, ie. the player encounters their counterparts furthering their faction's goals when playing as a different faction, making for much replayability.Player choices tend to have ripple effects, it's often not the immediate outcome but the later consequences that players will come to regret. This is a game that you save often, and keep saves rather than overwrite them.The combat system is similar to Fallout and Fallout 2, and is punishing early in the game at low skill levels and with poor gear. Many players will find it difficult although in truth, it is no more punishing than the Fallout games, except players can't save game during fights, which means one cannot save and reload and have the best outcome on an each turn basis.Side quests are well placed to provide role playing elements, reward unique equipment, and give skill points, which one needs plenty to further main quests and pads play value to each location. There is however an extended side quest with muliple parts with it's own end game, that can be completed before or after a faction's ending, the former terminates the game before completing the faction's ending, or even be integrated with a faction's end game.Conclusion:Age of Decadence comes highly recommended personally, as a CRPG game with excellent writing and deeply thought out faction plots with choices that feels personal from the character's perspective and frustrating pain in the bum combat that's satisfying to conquer on the first or 2nd playthrough (before it becomes simply frustrating, which by then can be overcome by knowing how to get better gear earlier and better allocation of skill points)."
76561198079221824,Recommended,230070,24067836,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DefiantShade,""" And like a detective in a noir yarn, you can’t help but become part of the central mystery, effecting an outcome you might not have intended.""After playing through as a Praetor my first run, this quote nails the ending I received.  Yes combat is difficult, however after a few failed attempts at playing my role, the praetor managed to survive through to quite an interesting ending and a mere body count of 2 to his name.There were several things beyond the ability of my character , yet at each stage of the game he was able to find a way to go on, even if not quite in a way I expected. I can see high replay value here as there are many other paths you can choose and each character type seems to start off in a very different situation.If you like pnp RPG adventures , dialogue and actions that have repercussions, then get this game."
76561198030325708,Recommended,230070,16321406,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Drunken Spelunking,"Phenomenal, inspiring and on sale! One of the very few games that has kept me coming back for more even  before all of its content has been released. The developers are thorough and extremely helpful. The game, on the other hand, can be unforgivenly brutal in its insistance on realism and forcing players to think, plot, scheme and plan in advance. Superb writing and interwoven plotlines for different characters will have you replaying this game for hundreds of hours for the pure joy of discovering all of the storyline possibiities and content that it has to offer. 10 out of 10 hands down."
76561197974545088,Recommended,230070,18365780,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Pladio,"BackgroundThe game takes place in a post-apocalyptic Roman world. You are just one man who lives or arrived in the small town of Teron. The game starts you out as one of eight different backgrounds. These can be:Preator: A member of the nobility. What more can be said ?Loremaster: A learned master in the pre-apocalyptic matters, and there's a lot more to learnAssassin: The guild of assassins is a reputable guild in this world and you can be part of themMercenary: As a mercenary, you normally take whatever people throw at youThief: The Thieves' guild has managed to carve out a little empire for themselves.Merchant: As a merchant, you may alter the course of historyGrifter: Grifters tend to con people out of money.Drifter: You just came to Teron with the clothes on your back. No one knows you, and no one cares.Character creationYou start out by creating your character in the game. You do this by allocating attribute and skill points and no matter what your chosen background is, you may distribute these points however you want.Note that being a Jack of All Trades and a Master of None is very difficult to play in this game.Focus on a few skills and this will help you out.Since there are almost 20 skills to choose from, you will notice that it might not be good to just put one point into each of them.GameplayThe game plays out on what I would call an isometric view of yourself. (Techy people say it's better to say bird's eye-view)You control your character using the mouse and most actions are mouse based. The game is text-heavy and will require to read a lot. Luckily, the text and story are well-written and very interestingly, all of the stories interweave into one.So playing as one background will feel very different than playing as another. This is the main selling point of this game.No single playthrough will be the same due to so many different ways of completing quests.Combat is turn-based and requires a lot of planning and investment, so do not think your highly intelligent and charismatic loremaster with zero combat skills will be able to win any fight in this game.Combat includes such things as aimed attacks, nets, bolas, fire bombs and more. These should all be used if you want to win fights in this game.ConclusionFor me the major selling point of this game is all of the interweaving story arcs. I have played the game as both a Merchant and a Mercenary and the game played out completely differently based on my actions.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes turn-based combat systems and good stories and who is not afraid of challenges.I would not recommend this game to people who dislike turn-based combat systems, reading or are too much into graphics to enjoy older-looking games.Pros:Amazing writingLots of interweaving stories and arcsChallenging combat: with old style aimed attacks a la FalloutLots of different skills and attributes affecting almost all questlinesInteresting guilds and backgrounds to choose fromCons:Old-looking graphicsSome feelings of being gated sometimes due to missing just one skill point (not enough to not continue the game, but enough to feel a bit annoyed :D)"
76561198030986389,Recommended,230070,32418603,Posted: 14 June,all,MW2014,"This is a RPG to the core. The plot is extremely well written. It's a mixture of various power struggles between different factions as well as discovering the truth behind ancient events that left the world in a dire state we see today. But you need to play it yourself as I don't want to spoil anything. My advice (READ everything carefully).Extremely well designed mechanics, allowing for a pure fighting character, pure intellectual character or various hybrids (which are most interesting and rewarding to play).What I also like is that the game does not waste your time with trashmobs and other pointless activities like mundane resource hoarding etc.Every fight is placed on purpose. But you can also avoid most of them if your character allows it.The other thing I LOVE about the AoD is that you don't know consequences of your actions, of your character development etc. You will simply fail a lot of checks in various playthroughs and not be able to access a lot of content in a given playthrough.I really like not being able to do everything in a given playthrough. AoD is one of the most REPLAYABLE game ever, thanks to its design philosophy.To sum it up. I enjoyed this game IMMENSLY, got all endings except for one (there are many of them, very different from one another). For me the Age of Decadence is a 10/10 game and earns its place among legends such as Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate II, Fallout 2 etc."
76561198007375452,Recommended,230070,25522882,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Roman Torchwick,"Fantastic game!  The way you build and play your character actually matters A LOT.  I played through the entire game using intelligence and charm to get me to the end.  Only had one fight the entire game and I beat it with an item my character was able to craft just for the fight.  I also built a character who was an honorable soldier, never backing down from a fight.  Had some really tough battles but managed to survive.  It felt like two different games.  That's why this game is so good.  It's worth at least two or three playthroughs.  Get it, play it, and love it."
,Recommended,230070,25603072,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Whitetailfox,"Age of Decadence is a difficult game to review and describe. It's fun, interesting, thought provoking and challenging, however the things that make it this way run counter to what nowadays are expected RPG conventions. Thus it's a game that has both potential to amaze and frustrate depening on who's playing and what they're expecting out of it.For instance you wouldn't expect an average RPG to be willing to throw challenging fights at you practically everytime you enter combat. That careful distribution of skill points isn't a tacked on system but your main means of survival and that you get to make choices that matter with consequences that can throw you into difficult battles your character might not be built for.This is what AoD is in a nutshell, its an RPG from an earlier era, for players who don't want to play another chosen one master of all combat styles and savior of the weak, but instead its a game focusing on integrating the player character into the game world. The game is fairly text-heavy with most of what happens outside combat explained through the dialogue window. In that sense it feels like an attempt to bring the experience of a tabletop roleplaying game onto a computer screen.For it's good sides speaks the great writing, variety of skills, challenging and thought out combat system, unique setting and lots and lots of choices along the story.As for negatives, the skill system comes across as bit arbitrary with the dialogue skill checks, some skills might seem redundant (like a bunch of dialogue only skills for persuading people that have no use outside conversation), combat can be frustrating and takes time to figure out and commit to, and it's possible to get stuck in the game through poor decisions on how to spend your skill points. Also game can be fairly short for just one run, with most of the game being there to discover on subsequent playthroughs when you gear up to meet a skill check that stumped you last time to try a different path.But don't get me wrong, AoD isn't a bad game. It's just not a game for everyone. It's highly replayable and I'm surprised by the sheer ammount of thought put into the way your choices along the story can change it along the way, there's seven factions to join but even within one faction's questline you get choices to take sides in internal disputes, options to switch sides in conflict. Can't win a fight your quest giver gave you and don't have the skills to pass the dialogue check? Maybe there's a way to cut a deal with the other party and get yourself a cozy position in their ranks instead.It's that kind of game and honestly, you don't see this level of freedom of choice often. If you think you're not one to be easily frustrated by the game's difficulty, I'd recommend you give this one a go."
76561198020444805,Recommended,230070,19255652,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,lants,"The first town Teron is amazing and super fun, I feel like they ended up rushing a little bit as the game went on though. Still an amazing game, I put 60 hours into it and did almost everything I could."
76561198071927590,Recommended,230070,18145192,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Yograin,"I can only recommend this great game! You will want to try playing as each of the starting character Vignettes as the replayability is amazing.Play peacefully avoiding any combat situation or play another character drowning your enemies in blood (mostly theirs)Didnt finish the game yet, but the EA experience so far was more worth it than many other full games I have played.More than 20 hours to finish the game as a fighting character. I still recommend this after playing release version.Please be prepared for a game where you cannot do everything in a single playthrough. You are supposed to play different characters more times to see it all. Its worth it."
,Recommended,230070,18637889,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Vicerious,"After a fair bit of playing I have to recommend this game. Not for the graphics, but for almost everything else. Finally a game where your choices matter. It is not a game that tells you your choices matter - only to later show you that the only thing that matters about them is one mission that's marginally different.In Age of Decadence your choices will define you AND the empire at large. You can bring down whole families or guilds, you can isntall an emperor. You can betray your closest friends and allies, or side with your enemies in a spur-of-the moment decision. These betrayals will have an impact on everyones life, and your own - normally the termination of your own unless you're aptly prepared.And all of this while being a very mortal character. Did I mention you're very mortal? No longer can you wade through a horde and come away unscathed, instead you end up dying in a back alley to a pair of muggers. This is a game where  you're not only told you matter, but you can see just how you matter in the changing landscape of the world.All this being said it's probably not a game for everyone, but if you love a story that actually ties you into it (did I mention that the main storylines of every class intertwine at different points throughout the game?) then this game may be for you."
76561198028094881,Recommended,230070,33472835,Posted: 11 July,all,rnickel,"Best game played by me so far this year. Hardline old school isometric turn based choice and consequence. The Iron Tower Studios web site says ""..games for the 0.003%"" and I admire their uncompromising attitude. Spend the money on story development and on tuning the gameplay instead of on fancy graphics which soak up money and restrict options. This beautifully balanced and polished-until-it-gleams game was in development for around ten years and it shows. No dross, it's what Pillars of Eternity could have been with more focus on the essentials. My only complaint is that the camera seems to sometimes have a mind of its own.I came here to Steam from GOG to have a go at getting the acheivements. Altogether I have around 40 hours on this game and  have barely explored the possibilities. It would take four or five playthroughs to get all of the achievements and I look forward to the challenge. Highest recomendation. Not for everyone, but for some this game will be  an instant classic."
76561198289376527,Recommended,230070,24040731,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,peyton.taylor.mcclain,"Pros:- Choices actually matter and affect you.- Many different origin stories to pick from.- Combat is challenging!- You can't play god (Basically you won't be able to master everything and insta kill everyone you cross paths with)- Lots of different outcomes; the game basically screams ""REPLAY ME!""Cons:- You will die a lot at first.- Skills can be inflexible IMO; If not properly placed it can break the game.Bottom line is.....Get this game if you appreciate challenging gameplay, strategic combat, interesting quests, and wasting your social life.Stay far far away from this game if you like having your hand held, have raging issues, hate reading, or have a legit social life."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,230070,28654714,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Blackadar,"It's difficult for me to give this game a thumbs down. It has most everything I want in a RPG. As another reviewer posted:Difficult, deadly combat? CheckNo way to complete everything in one sitting? CheckStory with multiple angles and endings? CheckRealistic low-fantasy setting? CheckWonderful! Except...I found the gameworld lifeless. Absolutely dead. I found relatively few quests in AoD in the first two hours, instead being ported to a couple of quest locations and wandering around the rest of the time looking for something to do. The combat seemed fine - though not too challenging on my Praetor spear warrior - but I simply wasn't engaged. I killed some bandits. I killed some ruffians. I had one significant decision - whether or not to kill someone my Lord sent me to fetch - but beyond that there was little to do. The lore, what my character experienced of it, seemed promising but there wasn't enough to get much of a feel.I think my challenge with AoD - and the reason I returned it - was because it attempted to provide multiple playthroughs your character is so limited that the element of choice is removed. It's the old adage that if you have a hammer, everything in the world looks like a nail. Because you have to min max your character you are shoehorned into one solution. I built my character to succeed in combat. Therefore, the game has determined that I MUST pursue a combat-oriented solution to every problem. That's not role playing. That's being dicated to by the game design and there's a big difference.At least that was my impression in the first two hours. I hit that critcial point - continue or bail out - and I decided that even at 75% off that I really didn't want to continue. I wasn't engaged. The systems were nice - combat was challenging, nice crafting options, etc. - but I felt it to be less than the sum of its parts. Now maybe it gets more engaging later. Maybe it opens up for players down the road. But I wasn't feeling it enough to want to give it that chance. So in my view, this game is a thumbs down."
,Recommended,230070,22959781,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Revan,"I approached the game expecting a good but flawed rpg, with a fascinating setting and some brilliant ideas turned down by being too much ""hardcore"" and try-hard just for the sake of it.Instead, I found out a great game, with a complex world populated by believable characters and factions that pursue their goals instead of hand-holding the player through the campaign, a very interesting multi-layered plot and world background that will require more than one playthrough to be fully discovered, a solid turn-based combat system that poses some real challenges to the player (especially to the beginners) but, contrary to the common belief, is not impossibly hard once you understand its rules (and also it's completely optional if you play a ""talker""), an outstanding reactivity to your choices that results in a great replayability (since each new game will likely be different), and also a very good writing.Granted, it's a harsh and unforgiving game and your PC will die a lot, especially if you try to play it like every other rpg or if you put your skill points with little care (in that case you may eventually find yourself in the impossibility of finishing the game). You'll need to save a lot, and invest your skill points wisely (a simple tip for the beginners is to specialize and go either full talker or full fighter, hybrid characters are more difficult to manage and require more knowledge of the systems to be played effectively).It's definetely not a game for people who thought Dragon Age: Origins to be too hardcore for their tastes, nor for people who want to play the hero and defeat evil.Nonetheless, it's a unique and very well-crafted game that brings some fresh air on the rpg scene, and deserves to be played by anyone who is willing to try a thematically mature and challenging game, and play one of the best recent rpgs. It comes with a demo, so you can also download it and see for yourself if it's your kind of game."
76561197963580481,Recommended,230070,30723233,Posted: 25 March,all,No Swear,"One of the absolute best CRPGs I've played in the last ?15? years.-Great setting-Great ""story""-Good combat-Extraordinary branching paths-Good writing (I'm looking at you, Obsidian...)-Decent music/sound-More then servicable GFX / Good combat animationsIt takes some getting ""into it"", but believe me, it's more then worth it for any CRPG lover to at least give it a shot (free demo)An absolute classic that I believe will endure the test of time, just a great achievement."
,Recommended,230070,25515265,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DuckweedMafia,"Tremendous replay value. Choose your own adventure type gameplay. I often have multiple saves so I can go back and be a jerk. The story is incredibly well written and a lot of fun. The price may seem a bit steep at first glance but it's well worth the money.You can choose a non-violent path to unlock bits of the story but you'll need multiple playthroughs to get things done.Die. A whole lot. It's great fun. Don't worry about being good, just suck for your first few playthroughs until you get the hang of it."
76561198030736493,Recommended,230070,18397726,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gaga11111,"Story and Roleplay-The Age of Decadence is an excellent RPG where the actions you take truly matter.Now I know this is said of every RPG under the friggin' sun nowadays but don't roll your eyes yet Mr./Mrs. RPG-fan.You might have a different background in some game while going on the big quest afterwards making it a game with multiple beginnings but essentially one storyline.Or maybe 5 minutes before the game ends you have the only opportunity to seriously affect the ending.Mid-game events don't only serve to move the plot along but can have sometimes the single biggest effect on the ending and latter part of the game.In The Age of Decadence the background of your character informs the ENTIRE playthrough.Add to that the ability to double and triple cross your starting faction and you have a truly staggering amount of replayability.And not just boring old replayability where you do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥slightly differently this time around.Playing as a sneaky thief,a persuvasive merchant or a beefcake warrior are very different experiences.Combat and the lack thereof-In The Age of Decadence it is entirely possible to get all or at least most of the endings without ever fighting anyone or by doing almost mothing but fighting.I first thought that you have to choose one or the other in order to succeed but thankfully after the SP changes Hybrid builds are easily doable allowing for a full range of violent and non violent options for you character,within reasonable limits of course,you can't become a worldclass diplomat and absolute killing machine but a little bit of both is doable,effective and of course fun :D.Regarding the text adventures you can rest assured that in most cases you will be given a way out involving various non-combat skills.Also if you fail a check you can still save yourself later so don't worry if everything doesn't go perfectly from the start.The combat is turn based and reminds me heavily of Fallout 2 and other games where you have a certain number of action points to do various things.The fights are often brutal but possible to win if your character is strong enough.Don't expect to destroy 5 thugs on your own with a copper dagger out in the open.Go into an alley where their numbers matter less and fight them one on one,with poison and a bomb etc. basically you'll have to think tactically and use your brain instead of just spamming attacks until everything in a 2 meter radius is dead.This review is long enough as it so to recap:AOD is an RPG where you have immense impact on the entire storyline and not just details of it while offering you a detailed and interesting wolrd filled with mysteries and adventures.It's fun no matter if you're playing a diplomat,fighter,thief or merchant with it's variety of solutions for all kinds of cool missions."
76561198013914593,Recommended,230070,18587804,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Darknoble,"Okay this is my view after hours of game play...This game Can be frustrating but its fun! To save time on trying to review every point good or bad let me sum up what to do and what not to do....1. Do not treat this game like any conventional rpg like Balder's Gate... It wll not work.2. Do not try to multiclass your profession(jack of trades master of none) it will not work in the end. But major in a class 85% full spec to 15% rationed in a minor( I recommend that other minor to be ""Lore"" skill since you will need it to understand the strange things in the world.3, Choose your ""Starting Attributes"" wisely... Many encounters which are ""set"" in game will require ""attribute checks""(I do not mean ""skills  checks) and if for an example you are a warrior and have very poor strength...then dont think you are gona do well in battles swinging that huge Axe..or move that heavy object...If you are a warrior think like one....Spec your character... like one...""Attribute"" gains are very very rare...and temporary even in items...4. Finally...and this is the most important......Save often Before every encounter and Never spend all of your gained ""skill"" points right away on skills...Pool them till you know you need them in certain encounters to over come a skill check...Sure you could youtube or google every encounter to figure what you need par se to over come every encounter but...whats the fun in that unless you are stuck.Think of this game like a story driven ""choice selection dialog"" that success is determined not just by your choices but your selected starting attributes and skill selection scores that will ultimately lead your character to a finality in a chain of selected outcomes...wether or not you ""succeed"" or ""fail"" at your selections ...unless its combat...which is win or loose...but the game IS NOT focused on combat...(which is turned based).The game has great replay quality because each class can have different outcomes and the story npcs react differently to each class and choice rewards can vary...Edit: Never use your Whetestones/Poison Herbs/Healing Salves Unless you must for an encounter...they are very limitted and rarely ever respawns at vendors...use inns and healers to heal your character and buff weapons during hard to pass boss fights only..."
76561198216201628,Recommended,230070,18231856,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,tankdasso,Fantastic. Buy this game now if you loved Fallout 1 & 2 and/OR you have a brain and good taste! What a beutiful piece of work this is.
76561197972483399,Recommended,230070,26623457,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hamburger!,"GREAT game. Story driven RPG that is deep, mysterious, fulfilling -- these are things you wish you could say about every good RPG yet so seldom can. I'll start by saying it does everything a game like the original Fallout & II do right, but it has other things going for it too! A crafting system that is actually intuitive and fun, and dare I say things you won't find in other RPGs -- for instance, the game was DESIGNED for replayability... you can CAUSE the events in one questline as a certain character depending on who you associate and in another playthrough prevent or deal with the consequences or such actions. Since the main questlines all run parallel to one another -- even if you're replaying you are forced to make choices like if you ally with these folks, will it turn bad for you or others down the line?And the WORLD that the story takes place in is amazing. At first it seems to be the twilight of the roman empire after some kind of magical apocalypse, or whatever superstitions people proclaim fell the empire -- but it turns out to be SOOOO much more, and learning all about it is both difficult and rewarding.The game also has refreshing elements in it's narrative -- life is cheap and death is final. Many many games, RPGs in particular try to create this atmosphere but few managae like AoD has. It challenges your moral flexability and unlike most games which give you the choice of being a baby-eating sociopath or ""the good guy"" -- this game REVELS in the grey areas. You can be a good guy who does bad things for the right reasons. You can be an abberant opportunist, you can be a principled person who despite their morals has to make a couple of really difficult decisions -- or have situations thrust upon them that make a price or courage of such convictions evident.The game has fighting, exploration, depth, consequences, VAST agency, time-critical events, loot, and a rich character/skill system that ties everything together.Overall, masterfully done and I will watch this developer for other things coming down the line. Highly Recommended!"
76561198036684715,Recommended,230070,18652200,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Anxarcule,"I heard about this game years ago, filed it away to keep track of it, and was overjoyed to see it pop up on steam last week.  Having watched a few videos and reading about it I was feeling mixed about picking it up - something about the combat seemed less than fluid, but I like to support indie devs as I'm usually enjoy these games than AAA titles.Started the tutorial getting used to combat and found it to be quite intuitive - having played Fallout 1/2 many times I loved having aimed attacks.  Shortly after I started a new game as what I read was an easier combination - mercenary/pure fighter.  I restarted that role several times and I noticed depending on stats/skills I would discover secrets, and have new dialogue options each time which was great.At this point I've put 2.5 hours into the game, died and restarted ~7 times trying out a wide variety of play-styles and classes and have seen just how different the very first part of the game can be based off background, stats, and skills.  Dialogue is top notch and the lore is also very interesting.The gameworld itself is also very dark - without spoiling anything I was told to kill a mark but let the gentler side of me try and help only to be backstabbed and killed.  Playing a goody-two shoes so far hasn't worked out for me (even a good-half shoes :)).As all the reviews say though, this game is not easy at all - fighting one-on-one is challenging enough initially, 2 or more is usually a death sentence.Highly recommended"
76561198032262302,Recommended,230070,24604168,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,dafran,"I do like the game. Finished just one walkthrough and I plan to add a few more. The problem I've got with this game is: It is not really about your desicions, it is about skillchecks, you need to plan how you level your character so that you are able to complete the quests you want to complete... this for me is not fun."
76561198047352121,Recommended,230070,18493096,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Reshin,"There aren't many games like the Age of Decadence,  That in and of itself  is a damn shame. Tell your friends about this true RPG experience, Perhaps if it does well, it will inspire the creation of more RPGs in this vein."
76561198034813352,Recommended,230070,26593172,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bullethead,"This is an excellent old-school turn-based RPG.  The game world is very imaginative, the dialog and quests are interesting in the own right for the writing, besides usually being fun and challenging, and the production values are quite good for a 1-man show indie product.   On top of this, you can be pretty much any type of character, including those who consider the pen to be more mighty than the sword.  You can go quite far without getting your hands too ditry if you know what to say to the right people, but OTOH you can also hack your way to the top.  Bottom line:  there's a huge amount of stuff to do here, considering the quest lines for each of the classes and all the side quests, so there's gobs of rep;lay value.On top of this, the world evolves around you due to both your acts and omissions.  This is a living world full of powerful NPCs pursuing their own agendae, driving change. whether you want it or not.  You have to surf the wave of change as best you can.  Each path you take gives you access to influence only certain evets---the others happen (or not) without you, and you have to adapt to those consequences.  Thus, even though you might ""win"" a chapter for whichever faction you're focusing on, the other factions will react and adjust, and you'll always find things challenging in the next chapter as a result.  Which means the endings are quite varied and there's all sorts of replay opportunity.One of the best ways to picture this is that you get different versions of the same first mission for different classes.  A merchant comes to the starting town and will have various encounters during his stay.  If you're a fighter, you can get hired to guard him from theives and assassins.  If you're a thief or assassin, you'll have to deal with the bodyguard fighter.  The various ""hands clean"" classes also become involved.  And depending on how things play out, the consequences can be dramatic either way.  And this is just the start of the convolutions."
,Recommended,230070,24242024,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,nvts8a,"A short/medium length game for a single play through. But the depth of character creation, character development, and worldly possibility keeps you wanting more. As you play there will be things you can't do, places you can't go, people you can't convince. And you'll remember each one and every failed attempt in an internal struggle when trying to design your second play's character.Possibly the best CRPG to come out in 15 years. Will play again."
,Recommended,230070,18706029,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,(((Semyon The Great))),These streets aren't paved with goldDon't believe everything that you're toldDeception hides in all you seeCorruption hides in the air that you breathe
76561197998954904,Not Recommended,230070,31028433,Posted: 8 April,all,glaakiman,"I love RPGs.  I've been playing computer RPGs since Pool of Radiance was new.  I love challenging RPGs, and I especially enjoy RPGs where communication is important to the game.  Age of Decadence purports to be a challenging, communication-heavy RPG.  It puts forward repeatedly how deadly combat is and how it should be avoided.  It then gives you no tools in which to avoid combat.  Skill points are sparse enough that you can pick one, maybe two communication skills to specialize in.  That's assuming you have no interest in crafting or lore.  It then requires a skill check of TWO skills in many conversations, making it highly unlikely you'll be successful unless you've played through to that point and rerolled a new character.  Combat skill points are equally sparse.  Guides considered ""helpful"" tell you to always save before combat, try the fight 10 or so times, and if you can't crack it, reroll with a different set of skills and stats.  It seeks to be bleak and ends up being frustrating.  I didn't enjoy it at all.  There are  much better options out there for your money.  Go elsewhere."
76561198013022995,Recommended,230070,25603831,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Homuhomu,"Rather than a typical RPG, its more like a very complex choose your own adventure storybook, with a well integrated combat game attached to it.The overaching mystery is rather stunning and satisfying, its masterfully woven into the underlying story, with tons of different perspectives and snippets.The human stories beneath them, however, start strong but falter towards the end (too many choices to be accounted for, too drastic and hasty a push towards the end).The writing is also impeccable, not too long as to be boring, not too short as to leave you clueless, generally appropiate tone to each character, with a suffocating atmosphere of despair (fitting with the setting), and with enough black humor to prevent the story becoming crushing.Its also not too long, a playthrough is around 10 hours, and two playthroughs can be achieved with very little repeating content. Even more is possible if you happen to love it, I tried 4, though the latter two were sped up using cheats to skip the 'already seen' parts.Shockingly, the game has superb combat for such a melee based rpg with no magic, all 6 weapons are genuinely distinct and viable, with multiple attack styles making you question your tactical choices all the time. Strategic investments into alchemy and crafting can be extremely impactful as well.The game has good music, good artwork (if sparse), though given the lengthy development of this game, the 3d world looks like the typical budget unity rpg, Its tolerable but certainly not pleasing to the eyes.Overall, would definitely recommend if you like stories, this one definitely branches in many many ways, not just the mainstoryline but also every possible sidequest. But if you want a more casual or combat oriented RPG, go play divinity 2 or any of the three mainstream RPGs (TES, Fallout and mass effect)."
76561198101502350,Recommended,230070,31610798,Posted: 7 May,all,Elfy,"potato graphics, super difficult combat, requires save-loading all the time and reassigning skill points, depressing atmosphere, difficult choices and hella lot of reading to do BUT if you like reading, story over graphics, realistic, gritty worlds, interesting multi dimensional npcs, the sense of utter achievement when you succeed in a world that is very much against you, then this game is for you. may take some time to get into but will suck you in after time. i don't think its worth 23 pounds(i got it on sale as a 'why not'), as the idea and storyline is great but the execution isn't so great.  also it is very slow paced. i haven't managed to complete the game yet so if i find any more positives i will update."
,Recommended,230070,25545996,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Loop,"I dont normally write reviews but I had to do it for AoD.This game surprised me, first because it was HARD. And I'm the kind of person that usually chooses hard settings in whatever i play. But also because it was VERY rewarding once you started to figure out how to play it properly. What i love the most is that you can play it very efficently without combat. I have made a playthrough of a thief without a single fight in the combat system but rather by boosting the right skills to be able to resolve problems within the chat system, being able to use your skills to take out the target without opening the combat system really gives the feeling of a sleek, agile fighter. Overall a strong buy and even though the story might be a bit confusing in the first playthrough you get to see more and more areas of it with different storylines and then it really grows together."
76561197970931755,Recommended,230070,11385647,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,owl99,"I have to say one of the most unique, intrigueing, and engaging games I have ever played.  If you don't like thinking, don't play.    This game is brutal if you don't consider your moves or plan ahead.  Try to be a hero and you will end up dead.  It is fantastic and hits you in the head with a cold taste of reality, ironically in a strange fantasy game.  I love this eerie game.  Well Done Iron Tower Studio."
76561198243134118,Not Recommended,230070,26322116,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ms. Millions,"Nope. Nope. Nope. Very failed effort. Compelling at first, but hardly playable all the way through. I would hazard to guess that many of the positive reviews were written by people who didn't finish the game.One reviewer pointed out that ""tedium isn't difficulty"" and I would like to echo that statement. Repeatedly telling the player ""sorry; you made the wrong character"" doesn't make the game difficult it just makes it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There isn't anything compelling as a role playing experience to find out that you should have put 7 points in disguise and 5 in fast talk (also to make things more inscrutable this game has, I think, fast talk *and* convince). There is no way of telling what skills you're going to need investing in and are bound to hit several roadblocks because of that. If you don't play a fighting character you're still bound to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at some point and if you do play a fighting character you won't be good enough of a fighter to make it through. I played a fighter (did the assassin plot where you don't have a choice not to fight; it isn't as sneaky as you might think: the assassin ends up being a brawler having to repeatedly take on 6+ opponents at once, something the game literally tells you not to attempt) and most fights I got through by reloading and retrying at LEAST 10 times each.Any given character will be able to progress through I'm guessing about a quarter of the quests due to insufficient skill checks and I see that the gamemakers intended that and I see what they were going for but it doesn't make for compelling gameplay to be told after sinking many hours into the game ""sorry: wrong character build. Try again."""
,Recommended,230070,18701500,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dire Goblin,"A pretty cool, albeit short, cRPG, which takes after some of the best titles of old. If i had to describe it in three words, I'd say that it is ""Roman Empire Fallout"".Pros:- Interesting and uncommon setting.- Lots of options to approach most of the quests.- Rather nonlinear story progression.- Brutal combat.- World full of selfish аsshоlеs. You can be one of them and con other аsshоlеs.Cons:- Rather short. Probably inevitable, considering the small dev team and lots of branches, but still it saddens me.- Vast majority of non-combat interactions happen purely inside dialogue windows. Sometimes it plays more like a VN than an RPG.- Skillchecks, skillchecks, skillchecks. The success of most interactions relies purely on my character's stats and not on the OOC choice of words. Maybe that's a feature.- World full of selfish аsshоlеs. I've met at best three named NPCs whose fate I gave any damn about. Also one unnamed (IIRC), but a very well-mannered demon.All in all, a good game. If you like cRPGs and аsshоlеs clad in loricae musculata, you should definitely buy it."
76561198005968559,Recommended,230070,18890448,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SabreWolf,Fantastic game!! Definitly a gem :)Not too long but it will drive you to play with other classes and to finish the game in a diferent way...
76561197985712611,Recommended,230070,25234253,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DR490N,"Finished it 5 times in a row, incredible work from the devs. But be aware that it's as much a puzzle game as an RPG. And it's too dificult."
,Recommended,230070,30992477,Posted: 7 April,all,CSH Picone,"A diamond in the rough. Cool quasi-Roman setting, lots of tough decisions, political intrigue, surprisingly deep story. Diifferent roles offer drastically different playthroughs. Highly recommend.For the full review, check out:http://www.cshpicone.com/game-review-age-of-decadence"
76561198058768284,Recommended,230070,23174395,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,vasily.pinchuk,"The game is fantastic. Hard but very rewarding, beatifully written, absolutely absorbing, just..brilliant"
,Recommended,230070,18491624,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mortem,"As hard as Dark souls.. As unforgiven as Wasteland 1-2..  This is a cool game.. But i got to say.. It's trial and error. All the time.. Die.. Retry.. Die Retry.. Over and over.. Save allot!!.. But Yes I do recommend this game.. Still I don't like the combat in it.. Your always out numberd.. You almost never have anyone fighting at your side.. Meaning you get gangbanged all the time. And theres no indication on if you should do heavy, medium or light attack meaning if your gona hit or miss feels like a roll of the dice.. This game probedly is skillfull and I just suck but so far I feel like its RNG and completly luck based in combat.. On the other hand you can use your skills in the text scenarios.. Like use Critical strike to insta kill someone before a fight begun.. Or impersonate + sneak to get inside unoticed.. Allot to experiment around with.. I played assassin.. I enjoyed myself allot.. Still feel there must be made some changes to the combat.. Everyone keep telling me its Trial and error and should be so.. But If i have to die 5 times every encounter.. Then I can say already this game will become very tedious and frustrating.. As in games like darksouls where you could if you where good win fights in your first try.. here it feels like you must go in.. Get completly ♥♥♥♥ed.. Go back to a save before.. Go and Rearm up on cheap poison, net and necesary stuff to even have a chance.. And many times that wont help as you dont got enough AP ( action points ) to attack and use thos items.. Maybe i should go as some kind of warrior.. I don't know.. Like 7 more classes in the game.. Still I do recommend this game.. It is a blast when your making progression.."
76561198036642816,Recommended,230070,25203841,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mercenary96,"This is an incredible game, one of the best crpg's I have every played. With such a gripping story, no matter what playthrough I follow, I always find myself trying to learn more about the game's mysterious and gripping lore. It also heavily encourages finding creative ways to complete tasks as combat is HEAVILY discouraged, and at a point to a detriment, I feel the game would be more enjoyable if combat was not so brutal and impossible. Regardless there are still plenty ways to get around combat. Also this is a very dark setting as well, it really gives you a sense of lost glory and despair and the actions you perform and witness reflect that very well, many people will die, including you. As for the replayability it excels in this as well, every class is a breath of fresh air and offers new perspective on the plot and can even drastically alter the plot in ways you couldn't excpet. You will find yourself playing every class at least once. Overall it is simply an amazing CRPG that needs more attention as this is quite a hidden gem.TLDR: Story's Great, Combat's very difficult, Replayability is High"
76561197967810533,Recommended,230070,28550169,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Matey,"This game reminds me of playing Fallout 2 back in the day. It has a story and you do make progress towards an ending... but you get a whole ton of freedom to do other things along the way as well as a ton of different ways to do pretty much everything. Not a lot of RPGs let you really approach the game in so many different ways, I did a grifter run where the only two fights I got into were me shanking a scholar to death in an abandoned house (was a close fight!) and me hiding behind some guards as they fought off some guys who were trying to kill me.Possibly the best RPG ever made. I just hope Iron Tower Studios keep making more amazing RPGs like this and can make them even bigger.If you like games like Fallout 1 & 2 then I highly suggest giving this game a shot, you can always try the demo first."
,Recommended,230070,18503237,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cookiesaurus,"TL;DR below.~~~Lets start like this: if what you're interested in a game is live action, graphics or orchestral music or in short, ''today'' games ""standard"" this is not for you.If you enjoy a good game, with tons of interesting reading, information and lore, I have no idea why you didn't buy this already.This game is both wide and deep. And when it comes to RPGs thats what you really need.It offers a very detailed world (in its lore), real life situations that only require you to put your head to them.It's merciless and its beautiful.It hosts many locations with a lot of information about them. It lets you live your life in a decaying society while posing the option to unravel the mysteries and stories of the past if you only want to.I really find it hard to describe in words, but the stories and texts are very well written. The locations are remarkeably beautiful (to the graphics' lengths) and it has a lot of replayability and hidden mysteries.~~~TL;DRPros:+ amazing story+ high replayability+ decisions that really matter+ real life unforgiving+ incredible lore+ combat system that will make you tear your eyes out+ full of mysteries and secrets in the world+ an amazing and community responsive team that worked on this game for flippin' 10 years, they earned it.Cons:- not a fancy graphic game- no music- easy to play but slightly hard to master (especially combat)- requires a -lot- of reading and understanding what you read and do"
,Recommended,230070,9840678,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Largan Wildrop,"Brilliant story telling.Multiple characters elicit a vigourous and deep game world.Probably the best narrative driven CRPG, on par with the biggest and best."
76561198101073059,Recommended,230070,18195975,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,aethervagrant,"This game supplies old-school rpg goodness with modern touches and adventure-game inspired vignettes.It is ROLE PLAYING at it's truest -- the character you create will be capable of the role you made him for, and not your whims. however in playing with just 2 different character classes I've already seen at least 6 different ways the events of the first town can play out, and that's just scratching the surface.Normally I dont care to replay games in order to see the *might have been*, because in most games it doesnt alter the overall plot arch that much. In this AOD every major choice is cause for nailbiting and a compulsive desire to try again and see how else it could have turned out, and it's always interesting enough to be worth it. Better gimmick for replayability than the Breath of Fire: Dragon Quarter reincarnation routine.Writing is excellent, setting is a fun take on low-tech post-apocalyptic (it's not the Hercules Adventures tm that it may look to be at first) combat is hardcore but totally optional for many characters. No one is your friend, least of all your friends.10/10, gave up my recent Baldur's Gate playthrough to focus on this instead. That's saying something in itself."
76561198096382177,Recommended,230070,25561924,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Aj Da Star,"It's a hardcore RPG with turn-based combat and immense storyline. You can have a play through without going in a fight. The problem is, this game is very cruel when it comes to your decisions. So think of them thoroughly before you do anything with unwanted consequences. It also is in favor of a more... well, ""different"" kind of gameplay and some people will just not enjoy this Hardcore RPG, and that's fine if you don't but it's a just a warning to those who don't."
,Recommended,230070,27565559,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tom Cruise,"This is a well-designed game that actually makes me pause and think. The game does not hold your hand, and it's important to actually *read* the dialogue rather than just skip everything and press whatever tickles your fancy on a dialogue wheel.The combat is fun, rife with options and I can pretend I'm Batman because with enough prep time I can solve any combat encounter.I highly recommend the game and would suggest checking out Dungeon Rats if you really enjoy AoD's combat system. I am looking forward to the upcoming Colony Ship RPG, a turn-based, sci-fi RPG inspired by Heinlein's Orphans of the Sky."
,Recommended,230070,25530598,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shhawke,"You are a normal guy in a world full of greedy bad people who love the sound of their voices. You will be robbed, deceived and lied to. You are no super hero. You cannot heal yourself during combat and you can’t be good at everything. If you are a mighty warrior then you can’t focus to be master scholar to.There is no magic here and let me tell you this will be different from any other RPG style you ever played. With this game, either you love it or hate it but it’s worth a try."
76561198000004762,Recommended,230070,18178727,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,WraithDecember,"Best RPG I have played in a long time, scratch that, one of the best RPGs I have ever played. I started playing cRPGs with the original Baldur's Gate and Fallout, I loved Planescape: Torment, and I feel this is on par with those classics.Some have said this game is for power gamer's, you could play it that way if you want, or you could deal with that fact that your character is a simple mortal and can't solve everything, can't pass every skill check, and deal with the cards you are dealt, play to your strengths and avoid your weaknesses, because you can still cross the finish line with an intelligent merchant as well as a badass assassin, just that your merchant isn't going to have much of a chance to become the champion of the arena. That said, its still a difficult game, especially if you are used to newer games, but I found the challenge never too difficult, but that's just me.Playing through with multiple characters gives you a greater appreciation for the game as certain quests and allegiance to certain factions (who give you quests) can and will be restriced by your starting class, but feel free to change allegiances, in my favorite playthrough I was an assassin who betrayed my guild to rise in the ranks of the Imperial Guard. Each class comes with a preffered certain skill set, each has their own unique starting point and initial quests, and each will give you a better picture of the over-arcing story and how all of the pieces fit together, but each characters story is still complete in and of itself.If you want an original story that builds off of great successes of old cRPGs and brings something new packaged with an old school challenging difficulty, this is it. There's no trite fantasy cliches here, no paladins, elves, dwarves, orcs, halflings or any other trapings of rehashed uninspiried D&D. if that's what you want look elsewhere, for here there is just men and women in a struggle to survive amidst a grim unique setting with an old world Roman flare. No spells getting tossed around like bathwater, just grounded, interesting, and brutal combat, with some excellent writing, interesting choices, and gritty combat. 10/10."
76561198134565642,Recommended,230070,21535497,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,velkito,"Fascinating text-rich RPG, that I've only scratched the surface to! Excellent soundtrack! Greatly amusing skill descriptions, based on your character's proficiency in said skills! Who needs combat to make a good RPG?! :DI'll come back here when I can write something more coherent.PS. If you're running Win 7, make sure you locate your .exe (probably aod64.exe, not aod.exe) and use compatibility mode to make the game actually playable."
76561198064143105,Recommended,230070,21006380,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,rayjholt,"This game is outstanding, and deserves to go down as an RPG classic. It has its rough edges - the graphics look at least a decade out of date, and it is not intended to offer a balanced experience: but it also offers the most distinctive RPG experience currently available.The setting eschews the typical pseudo-medieval fantasy for something akin to post-Roman Europe: the last vestiges of civilisation hanging on after the collapse of their infrastructure, power-struggles and political machinations rife among the surviving city-states, propsectors scavenge old ruins for the remains of better time and everyone else does exactly what it takes to stay alive. The nearest analogy I can think of would be Dark Sun.Character creation is also distinctive - you can be a warrior, a thief or an assassin: or a politician, a mercenary, a historian, a con artist or a drifter. You have both combat skills (dodging, blocking and the various weapons) and civil skills (sneaking, stealing, lockpicking, persuasion, crafting, alchemy, Lore, impersonation...). The skills are many, no character can maximise all (or even many) of them, and they have a huge impact on your experience of the world.Combat is brutal  and unforgiving - but also deep and highly tactical. A good Alchemist can craft bombs and poisons that will make a huge difference to the way a fight goes. You need to select between rapid and weak shots, through to slower but more powerful shots according to an enemy's armour and mobility. You can't win every fight.The key thing to recognise with this game is that you're not playing a world-changing hero: you're crafting the story of a particular individual, and it won't necessarily end well. There are points where you make momentous decisions that change the course of the world - but there are also points where you are buffeted by forces you can't control because you don't have the skills you need, and it's important to recognise that in order to see everything the game has to offer you will have to play through with several, very different characters. You're guaranteed to reach some dead ends, and points where if you send your character up for the choice you want, they'll just get killed - and it all depends upon your build.My first character was an Assassin, set to sneak, steal and blag his way through the game - armed with a bow, and dependent on incendiaries for crowd management and poison for maximum effect. I struggled at the end of the first city, unable to complete the ""boss fights"" on offer, and it took me a while of frustrating repeat playthroughs thinking ""This is so unfair! How am I meant to do this?"" before realising I wasn't. I didn't have to beat the fight to progress - only if I wanted a particular outcome. Other characters might have been able to do this, but they wouldn't have had the same options as me, and in the end I just legged it to the next city. I didn't get the outcome I wanted, but that's very much how this game works: you make the most of the situations presented to you. My assassin got close to end game, before finally running out of steam - skills too thinly spread to make progress (not combat enough to fight through, not persuasuive enough to talk through). So that was that.My second character was a Loremaster (historian), who specialise almost entirely in history, crafting and persuasion, and completed the game's storyline without a single fight. What was striking was how different the experience was: seeing the same characters in different lights, finding that locations my Assassin had made it into with ease were now impassible because I couldn't fight, and strolling into areas that had been locked to my assassin. I still couldn't get the end game that I wanted, but I still had a whole range of choices about what happened, that really shaped the world around me.And that's the heart of The Age of Decadance: choice and consequence, and making the best of a bad situation. Most of your characters will come a cropper, and you'll be choosing between the best of a bad lot, blown hither and yon by forces you can't control, but still shaping your destiny with every choice. It's brutal, it's rewarding, and it's completely unique. If you want to power game, minimaxing your character and getting everything right, this isn't the game for you. If you want to weigh up every choice of weapon, skill and dialogue because they carry very real consequences, then I can't think of anywhere else that offers this much quality."
,Recommended,230070,18659227,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jaden,"This game is Fallout 2 level of good. If you like old school RPG's with tons of difficulty pick this up. If you like well written games then pick this up. If you get angry easily then don't, or go to anger management and pick it up anyways. Its that good."
76561197960966640,Recommended,230070,18583063,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,eRa`,"Age of Decadence has you wandering the decaying remnants of a once vast and powerful empire heavily influenced by the Roman one. Various factions are squatting in the ruins, vying for supremacy. Those the player can join (and betray). Your choices do very much matter in this RPG. The unique setting alone makes AoD worth a look.You can make your way through the game never lifting a weapon. Instead exploring ancient structures, deciphering old lore and using your charisma and wits to avoid fights. Or you can don lamellar armor, pick up a Gladius and stab your way to victory (or more likely, defeat).There's not a lot of handholding going on here, contrary to what one expects from an RPG in this decadent age."
,Recommended,230070,22704799,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Centurion,"A Hardcore RPG in it's purest form. It's unforgiving, rage-inducing and absolutely fantastic. The replayability is incredible, as there are probably dozens of ways to play the game, and a huge amount of endings and ways to progress to the ending.It's also an insanely satisfying feeling when you've killed those 5 annoying bandits after 10 reloads."
,Recommended,230070,24795565,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Killpo1,"The Age of Decadence is a home-brewed role playing game(unique setting) that rewards multiple playthroughs and experimentation. The setting can best be described as a blending of many containing legionnaires, magic, an extinct ancient civilization, medieval themes and much more. Different starting options provide different content and ways of approaching the game which provides much of the games content, as one path alone will only provide a few hours of content once you become familiarized with the game-play.In regards to game-play this is where it excels as a role playing game. Depending on the character you wish to play you can be as diplomatic or as savage as one would please, leading to different situations in almost all playthroughs. Its combat though does have a bit of a learning curve and is rather brutal, and I can only suggest that if one would like to partake and excel in combat at all they must focus on it character development wise as you will quickly fall behind and die otherwise.Overall  I would suggest this game to anyone looking for a rpg with an incredible amount of replayability, interesting story, and brutal combat."
76561198042900808,Recommended,230070,18484769,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,n898,"*Writing is pretty good*Challenging combat that will ♥♥♥♥ you up if not prepared*No ""You didn't minmax enough, you're ♥♥♥♥ed""; there's always a route foreward*Dev isn't a blowhard with delusions of granduer like Phil Fish, 90% of indie devs, calls out bull♥♥♥♥♥♥in gaming industryhttps://archive.is/J4QvY*Graphics and Music are OK, not great*Doesn't lag like a mother-♥♥♥♥er on toastersIt's pretty good."
76561198120848972,Recommended,230070,18734763,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mtjam1567,"Good game challenging but fun at the same time.  The fights are fun and addicting but the option to make smart descions by acctually paying attention the conversations can save you in a jam. You have to build a strong character or you wont survive but if you dont like the path youve chose you can start over with many differnt builds . I would say even though its difficult the fighting is alot of fun it gives me the drive for revenge whenever i die to comeback and win.  The graphics are ok but i like the theme of the Roman empire and the dark ages you can feel the brutality. Fun , addicting and challenging."
76561198074955523,Recommended,230070,20544912,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ben.haydon,"This game has been fantastic fun so far for my girlfriend and I,We decided we would play an assassin in our first attempt and it took a couple of attempts but we eventually got a decent assassin, Aria, up and running and with a fragile but deadly build.We love the way there are so many options in this game and so many ways of doing things - some that you won't even discover in some play throughs!We haven't even finished our game with Aria yet but have been involved in all kinds of plot twists and turns, having made some friends and made a lot of enemies too. Here are our pros and cons;Pros:Highly addictive rich world where decisions matterDecisions  are not binary, you get a lot of optionsSo many different chararacter types and approaches to the game - we're really looking forward to trying out some other builds such as the grifter ""con man"" approachImmersive and deadly but in a way that makes you smile when you dieDificult but rewarding combat system, feels realistic and makes you feel epic when you get goodYou can use the local map to click to locations to avoid boring walksCons:People that dont like to read a lot of words won't be a fan of this gamePeople that don't like a challenge won't like this gameYou need to heavily specialise - dont invest a few points in each skill type and think you can accoomplish every quest, beat every foe and steal all the gold! (we like this though as it is logical - being a little better than mediocre at lots of things  is not going to work out if you are, for instance, trying to assasinate a highly guarded noble)Overall conclusions:Read more reviews, watch some more gameplay videos but in our opinion this game is one  of the best deals you could get yourself - invest some time and read the dialogue properly it is highly rewarding and you will find there are many ways to skin a rabbit and many factions and characters you can align yourself with (we, for instance, almost betrayed our own faction for a juicy deal).Get this game - it is a work of art and deserves praise, my thanks to the developers for this fantastic game!"
,Recommended,230070,20570042,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,darthaegis,"Just completed my second playthrough post-release. I think I'm ready to review this amazing game semi-properly. (edit: I have now played through the game five times and it was still fresh on the fifth playthrough.)First off I'd like to say that if you don't like the idea of having hard skill checks and dying a lot of times because the game put you in frankly unfair combat encounters, this game is not for you. Please try the demo before buying and giving it a negative review.The Age of Decadence is a cRPG that does a lot amazingly. It's one of the few RPGs where the setting and story actually feel related to the difficulty. It's set on a harsh world, with Roman influences, that the gods have abandoned, and mankind is left to die slowly.""In a land where the ancient evil has never awakened, the job of destroying the world was left to mankind."" From the game's trailer.But as you explore the ancient locations in AoD, you will be surprised, and wonder at what the old world was. You heard tales of gods, Magi, and beings invading the world and causing the apocalypse, but the reality will be quite different. I don't want to spoil more.The game promises that combat will be tough, and it is. Until you get good equipment and are skilled at weapons, you will have difficulty in fighting one person, let alone two or three. And when you get to the point of being able to take on three well-armed people, the game still has a few surprises left... There's 7 different types of weaponry and 2 different defense skills, each with their advantage, and alchemy will get you poisons, bombs and potions (not magical potions!), and you still ahve some non-alchemical gear that might help - nets especially. Combat is great, though the only thing I feel lacking is the inability to choose (when it makes sense that you would be able to do it) the exact position you start in the several combat setpieces (no random encounters), since you only get a vague choice once (at least from my fairly limited experiece.) Combat is overall pretty good.Of course, you can complete the game without ever getting into combat! This is what I would call the ""easy mode"" of AoD, the Merchants' Guild quest. ~12 hours of tactical skill allocation (so you can get through the skill checks the best way) and a choose-your-own-adventure game with top-notch writing.Wait, 12 hours?! That's short as hell!Well... The thing is, AoD respects your time. It doesn't bloat the game time with endless trash mobs (Hi Dragon Age series!) but gives you 8-14 hours of quests with a ridiculous amount of choice and consequence. And there's the hybrid path; hybrid between a social character and a full combat one. This is harder and requires a bit of knowledge about the game, and I haven't tried it yet, I plan to do it whenever I boot up the game again. This is the best way to get some of the hardest content to get in the game. And let's talk about content.AoD has a lot of content, but you will only access a single fraction of it in one playthrough. The game fully supports being played countless times, as starting with a different faction and origin will give you a different view, a completely different set of quests, and access to places you've seen before. And in each playthrough, you will find something that you can't do because, well, your build isn't right. That's alright! Get a new origin and try a different character build after you finish the current one, and get it, since you should know ho to get it now. This is a game where achievements are actually quite useful, since they measure how much of the content you've actually experienced. There's quite a lot of people with 100+ hours that still haven't gotten some achievements, and that shousl give you an idea of how much content this game has.All in all, The Age of Decadence is an extremely ambitious game, and a breath of fresh air from the rehashed AAA console RPGs and the rehashed games trying to copy the great classics both. It's on its own level and it's become one of my favourite games of all time. Thank you Iron Tower Studios, for such a gem, especially to Vince, for both the idea of this game, and the great reviews and forum posts on RPG design :)"
,Recommended,230070,23985384,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Virgo Cane,"ENI've only played few hours but If you're a player of ""old"" RPG games you will love this because:- great player immersion from the very beginning (different backgrounds)- combat turns (fallout 1 and 2 soul mates)- different choices mean different endings- you can play the evil way and you will have a lot of satisfaction- you can't do everything (if you try, you'll die)- leveling system related on your way to play the game (more non-combat skill if you play the ""talkative"" way, more combat skill if you want to beat everyone to a pulp)You DON'T want to play this game IF:- you don't like to read (or you're not able to..but you wouldn't be able to read this too)- you're looking for something graphically fabulous- you click always ""easy"" when you select the game difficulty- you always need a guide explaining where you have to go and what  you have to doITAho giocato solo poche ore ma posso dire che se sei un giocatore di vecchi giochi di ruolo amerai questo gioco perché:- ottima immersione del giocatore fin dall'inizio  (grazie anche alla differente scelta dei backgrounds)- combattimento a turni (fallout 1 e 2 hanno un sistema molto simile)- scelte differenti portano a finali di quest differenti- puoi giocare da malvagio e avere grandi soddisfazioni- non puoi fare tutto (se ci provi probabilmente morirari)- il sistema di progressione del personaggio è legato alle azioni in gioco (più si combatte + si alzano le skill di combattimento, più si parla e più si ricevono punti abilità sulle abilità sociali)Non vuoi questo gioco se:- non ti piace leggere (o non sai leggere..ma non staresti leggendo neppure quanto scritto qui)- stai cercando qualcosa con una grafica esagerata- clicchi sempre ""facile"" quando devi scegliere la difficoltà del gioco- hai bisogno di una guida che ti spieghi sempre cosa fare e dove andare"
76561197970877152,Recommended,230070,18483484,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Slickstream,"Pure gold, bought on Steam and that other platform. Great job VD."
76561198042210567,Recommended,230070,18483626,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ninja Cat,I like the game. I want to help it out so there will be more games like it.
,Recommended,230070,30421732,Posted: 9 March,all,Kalvin Adams,"So I don't normally write reviews but here goes.I originally found out about AoD via word of mouth from forums talking about the ""RPG renaissance"" that seems to be going on lately. The first time I tried AoD, I liked the atmosphere, I liked the story, I liked the character creation and the combat system but got frustrated with the actual difficulty of combat and lack of permissibility when allocating skill points (more on that later).  I started off with your run-of-the-mill mercenary turned Imperial Guard fighter, going spear and shield, and investing almost exclusively in that since I read that you should specialize since you might run into problems later on, the problem was I figured this guy to be a semi-intelligent soldier rather than just a mass of muscle with something akin to a brain on top, and I was annoyed how even the early checks seemed to be offlimits and felt myself being locked out of A LOT of gameplay because of my decision to go with a pure fighter.Whatever, I just embraced it and just purused combat oppurtunities, the problem was my grasp of the combat system was also terrible so I soon found myself starting to resent both the game and my character creation decisions. I managed to get some upgrades that made the fighting a bit easier and when I got a little farther, the combat became a lot more intense. I soon found myself face to face with a wall I was led to believe shouldn't had happened due to my build. So I chalked it up as a bad game and left it to collect virtual dust in my steam library.Fast forward some months and my hunger for an RPG eventually led me to try this again. This time though, after recalling certain problems I had in the past, I decided to attempt a hybrid assassin build (with a little spoiler-free help from online) and was surprised with how painless my experience was compared to last time. Were the fights still hard, oh yes. Were there skill checks I just couldn't pass? definitely. But I never got the idea that I was forced into playing as someone who I didn't want to play as and was rewarded with getting a taste of this amazing setting. Right after I finished that playthrough, I started another mercenary only this time I actually tried to make it that ""smart soldier"" I pictured originally, and now that I knew more about the game mechanics, the combat scenarios, the skill checks, I was actually able to experience a huge amount of the game (with some parts naturally having to be missed) and got an even better experience overall.In short; the game takes a little bit of time to get used to but it is SO worth it. Don't be put off by comments like ""If you don't specialize you'll never make it"" or ""the combat is impossible"" and instead just play the game, and if something doesn't work out, take some time, possibly reroll or maybe search for a workaround and try again. This game was made with multiple playthroughs in mind and it really starts to show when you compare previous playthroughs with one another. Definitely one of the best games I've played recently with one of the most unique settings I've ever encountered in an RPG."
76561198138268718,Recommended,230070,18797887,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,bakkerlakk,"This game wins major points on story, setting, variable playstyles and grittyness.You can play through using talk skills and hardly touch a weapon, or dive into some fairly challenging turn based combar.Theres plenty of skills, but you must beware of spreading your points too thin.Taking the moral high ground might get you killed, the consequences of your actions can at times be lethal.The game's not terribly long in itself, but you wont be able to see and do everything in one playthrough.Theres no ""classes"" per se, rather backgrounds and starting faction affiliations, which will to a fairly large extent influence your game. Try it with different backgrounds to see the story from a different angle. The story will also change, as your actions on behalf of your faction will change the story. Excellent replayability.Several possible endings, and also a bit of a small ""ending recap"" outlining the results of your actions (or inactions) when you move to the next main area.The setting's fairly gritty, society and technology has taken a dozen steps back after some disaster in the past, and is slowly recovering. The setting is medieval-ish with heavy influence from ancient rome. One part of the plot is figuring out just what occured during that cataclysmic event, as records of that time is largely lost into myth.This is a fun turn based rpg in isometric view,  some may complain about the graphics, but its not the type of game that desperately needs the glossy eye-candy. It's challenging, it doesnt hold your hand, but it isnt unfair either.I recommend this to fans of the good old isometric crpg classics. If thats you, I suggestest downloading the demo, and try that once as a talker type and once as a fighter."
76561197987854063,Recommended,230070,18477184,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SJAB,The finest writing in any game i've ever played.
,Recommended,230070,13857517,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sverch,Олдскульная хардкор РПГ без компромиссов. Ближе к Fallout только сам Fallout. Не поддержать рублём - отказаться от олдскул РПГ навсегда. Всё. (60 часов)Oldschool hardcore RPG without compromises.  Closer to Fallout is only Fallout. Not to support means you will not see  oldschool RPGs ever again. That's all. (60 hours)
,Not Recommended,230070,26449842,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Darkurthe,"Age of Decadence should be a good game, if not a great game. But... it falls a hair short of  average. Which is disappointing as a fan of Darklands and being a product of old school RPG's this ticked a lot of boxes.  Have some lineage with Dead State also really excited me.This biggest flaw in the game is that is simply is not fun as you dive into it.  The plot in the first town is such that even a set of rail road tracks would accuse it of being linear.  The big problem here is that there is not much flexibility for accomplishing things.  There are lots of railroad track to get on, so there is some variety that I give marks for.  Simply put there is not too much to do and what there is to do feels like you are being told what to do.  Likewise if it breaks down into combat...The next flaw is you can build a somewhat decent combat character at the start.  You know who you can defeat in combat?  Nobody.  Literally.  Street urchins can beat you to death.  So great choices there. To be fair the  developer does state this up front.  Though truth be told I think what they mistake for difficulty is demanding you play the game how they want you to play.  Obviously this has resonated with some, which is cool.  But this is my own experience.Combat in Age of Decandence is awesome, it is a darn share that the game is such that it is the last thing you want, should or can do.  Makes me wonder why they bothered to include combat classes much less combat since it is highly discouraged.The next problem is that the starter town is boring.  There is not much do to, assuming you can do anything as one particular quest is all combat and 1 on 1 combat is iffy, 3-4 on one goes exactly as you can expect.   There are maybe 10 things going on in the town.  Given the difficulty you would think the developers would give some opportunity to improve your character either via experience or skill.  There is no real way to get better.  That said there are some interesting events in the town as you walk around, wish there were more.A plus side is the developers do a good job of creating a fall of Rome inspired setting.  They pour a lot of detail into this.  Shame it is not as fun or playable as it looked on spec.  The town looks right, the characters look good-ish, the female characters are a tad mannish.There are better RPG's.  People are mistaking different for better.  I bought this and do not regret doing so, maybe it will grow on me.  But for now it is a bit below par and I would have to not recommend anyone else picks it up.  Not that I am the boss of you,  it may be your cup of tea.GoodA really really good combat systemLots of character choices and customizationWell written plot, lots of informative text and attention to detailThe world looks good (having been to Italy it passes the eye test)Ease of navigating the worldBadA combat system that you cannot and shoudl not useNo day/night cyclesInflexible design, plot success driven by choices the developer has made, not how you want to playNo voice over workCharacter models could have used another iteration"
76561198023851958,Recommended,230070,18086617,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jay.schantz,"I played this when the Demo came out a few years ago and liked it, but I never went far because I didn't want to get to a point and have to stop or restart for an update. I am glad that the game is finally being released in full form and hopefully I will enjoy it frm start to finish."
,Recommended,230070,25617801,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Stone,"Very interesting RPG with very assymetrical gameplay. Takes quite a few replays to see everything, and some things are almost impossible to do. So to summarize, hard but fun non-typical RPG."
76561198008150731,Recommended,230070,18473320,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Musoyama,"A little overpriced now that it is in release, but a great game if you can get it on sale!I think the devs will keep listening to feedback and keep adding great features to this tough and wonderful game!"
76561198010122800,Recommended,230070,18738048,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Tom,"Tl;dr - Turn based goodness with great tactical combat & a deep story that has multiple ways to complete each mission insuring replayability.Pro's -+ Turn based combat w/aimed shot tactics+ Multiple ways to complete each quest+ Character building+ Interesting story to keep reader interested+ Quick travel option to go back to everywhere you once visited. (Including shops.)+ ReplayabiltyCon's -- Steep learning curve when building your character if you haven't researched the game before jumping in- Combat is not as easy as your typical CRPG, casuals may get turned off- No voice acting, lots of reading- Graphics, while they work for this game, may be outdated for some- Completionist may be turned off as you can't do everything the game has quest wise with one playthroughGreat game here.  You can see there's been a lot of time & effort put into the creating/refining of this game.  As a huge turn based combat fan, this is what I've been looking for in a mass of quasi turn-based games likes Pillars & Sword Coast Legends. (Pillars is great, Sword Coast...meh)The elation of winning those huge battles that you're against multiple enemies with a handful of HP left or ""1"" like I did last night is awesome.  I yelled ""Yes"" while my family was sleeping.  ;)If you're a turn based strategy fan and like a tough challenge with a deep story that can be played multiple times with multiple types of characters, look no farther."
76561198144700177,Recommended,230070,33796368,Posted: 25 July,all,admin,"Wow.  Just wow.  I'm only an hour in and I LOVE this game.  Beautiful, playable, enthralling, suckyouinifying, and other positive adjectives apply.  Turn-based so you can play at your own pace, yet not boring at all.  Sure, there could be more character customization but whatever.  The depth of the game world will impress itself upon in the first few minutes, and the non-linear feel (maybe it's linear? i don't know?) really, really, really puts you into the game's universe.  I'm going to go out on a limb and rank this game amongst the Fallouts, the Baldur's Gates, and Final Fantasies while saying it is a very different game from any of those."
76561198058380579,Recommended,230070,29730192,Posted: 5 February,all,Microsoft Word,"Age of Decadence is a truly amazing game for anyone who is tired of the traditional 'steamrolling' rpgs that are commonplace.Firstly, it is a difficult game with an insanely difficult learning curve and like myself, anyone playing for the first time will die a lot and have to restart over and over. Skill points are precious and scarce and forces you to specialise strategically with the knowledge that any given playthrough can only access a third of the game (lots of replayability as seen by my total playtime).Secondly, the story, lore and characters are wonderfully created, with a rich backstory to the world and intrigue for those who can be bothered to read the text. There are some really wonderful characters to interact with, and it is obvious that this game is really well thought out by the devs.Thirdly, the combat is extremely difficult and the game incentivises the peaceful route for most of the playable characters each with his/her own questline. Within each quest, there are multiple choices to take which enables 5 or 6 different quest endings per character, and around 10 different final endings. This game truly allows you to sculpt your own story as you see fit.However, for people who only play AAA games, the audio is slightly lacking, and the graphics are nothing special. Yet i probably prefered it as i found myself more immersed in the game as a result, and playing the soundtrack to Gladiator as i played enhanced everything.This is a solid game and i would reccomend it to anyone looking for a challenge. Its not for everyone, so wait for the sale if you are unsure.(P.S, if the developers are reading this, a sequel or expansion would be greatly received. I literally cannot get enough decadence in my life)"
76561198030762041,Recommended,230070,19341578,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Varatesh,"This is arguably the most satisfying story-based RPG I've played since Planescape: Torment. That said, not everyone will like it - it is very niche specific and if it doesn't hit your buttons you might utterly hate it.5/5 will play again"
76561198117221161,Recommended,230070,30455707,Posted: 11 March,all,Philippe_at_bay,"Many will love this game, but it's not meant for everyone.Fortunately this is one of the few Steam games that comes with a full-blown free demo.  The demo gives you the complete first chapter of the game: if you like it you can transfer your saves after you buy the game.  The demo download button is located on the right side of the screen, just above the basic description.The game is a bit of a cross between Fallout 2 and the Dark Eye Northlands trilogy.The game is not set in Late Antiquity.  It uses the imagery of the Roman Empire as a shorthand device for describing a fallen civilization, but it's not Rome and doesn't pretend to be (ancient Romans didn't hang out in front of buildings smoking cigarettes).The game has a lot of text, and you need to read it and remember it to understand what is going on.The game can be played as a fighter, a talker, or some combination of the two.Combat is unforgiving, but not really that difficult once you understand how it works.  The key is to specialize and to play the game the way it was designed to be played.Each weapon in the game is slightly different from every other weapon.  This is one of the few games where the difference between weapons is functional rather than cosmetic.  Different weapons require different tactics, and the game comes with a combat trainer that allows you to try out most of the different weapons and armors so that you can figure out how to use them.Your decisions and skills will change the plot and plot options as the game unfolds.There are many different career paths and each one only shows you a fraction of some of the bigger stories going on in the background of the game, some of which you may manage to influence, and some of which you may not.Even within the different career paths, you can try playing as a fighter, a talker, or some combination of the two.  And not all of the possible combinations are good ideas.If you like this kind of thing you'll find the game tremendously addicting.  Play the demo and find out whether you like it or not.  I didn't expect to like it, but after playing the demo I was hooked."
76561197992943573,Recommended,230070,25829273,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Harry,"I recommend this for its unique elements, story, and combat. I played it for over 40 hours, and could probably play it for another 20-30 without seeing everything. Totally worth the price, sale or not.This game took me by surprize. There is a depth to character creation, and how your character fits into the story. Fetch quests are pretty much non-existant as it will give you the option to travel instantly in dialog very often. (wish more games would do that)Much of the game can be played WITHOUT COMBAT, if you like that kind of thing, and build your character right. But combat can be very fun, even if the randomness can sometimes be aggrevating. Thankfully, there is a save/load feature that is pretty quick if something really bad happens. I found myself using it a lot just to experiement with various choices (do I let someone die or do I save them) both in and out of combat.PROS:Complex characters and story (most things have prerequisite skills or attributes)Simple character building with enough options to warrant replaysFast and convenient quick save and quick loadGood UIUnique combat (some weapons are really unique, and dodge vs block+armor mechanic)CONS:Just 1 real CON in my opinion, and that is the shortage of skill points and a lack of difficulty option to help alleviate it. That brings in these related cons:Save and load happens A LOT, unless you want to replay the entire game with one point difference in some skillOften don't spend my reward points in case I need them for some future quest, increasing the amount of reloadsHard to figure out what skill level is needed for many quests (save and reload, increase by 1 each time, etc)TL;DR: TRY THE DEMO!!!! Note the complexity of chapter 1's design (many ways to beat), and know that it continues to grow. Lore skills in particular gets very interesting and surprizing."
,Recommended,230070,18467312,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bizzle,i think this is one of the best turned based rpg i have played in a long time! love the challenge but the combat gets on my nervs!! need to dumb down the AI their well to accurate and powerful that is the only problem i have with this game and abit more freedom would be nice so you can build your skills before a quest you know you need a certain level for but dont have it by that time.
,Recommended,230070,24820176,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,[2nd] RamRam,"You're first characters will fail and end up in a shallow grave (if they even get one), most likely because of how you assinged a skill 2 hours ago...that's as far as i've gotten. I love this game but it doesn't love me, as another of my beautiful creations is cadavarised in some creative way."
76561198026828326,Recommended,230070,18641149,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nosco,"Honestly, I've cheated through the whole game multiple times as I find turn-based games incredibly boring + this game is ridiculously hard and requires planning ahead with a multitude of playthroughs in order to get what you truly want.What I really like about this game is the writing and lore, the game is centered around the Roman Empire and it's fall, however, it's a very alternative world as the Empire is ridicously advanced technologically, yet lost to all due to a catastrophe which created the current world. Uncovering all of the mysteries and learning about the pasts mistakes and current choices that are available to take advantage of and determine the future of the wasteland is a very exciting process as I seemingly cannot get enough of the dialogue, until the game runs out of it.I definitely recommend it for writing/lore reasons since that is my favourite aspect of the game, however if you're looking for a big challenge in a post-apolyptic turn based game, I still 100% recommend it.You will not be disappointed."
76561198018751503,Recommended,230070,18685856,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Джек воробей,"Easily one of the best RPG's I have played in a very long time. It can be a traditional combat based rpg but it is also soo much more. The lore runs very deep and there are many hidden things to find and forbidden knowledge to discover, that are much more rewarding than combat. The game encourages multiple play throughs many of which will be trial and error to see what you can find only to fail a stat check and die. This is how rpgs should be... what a great find"
,Recommended,230070,18594620,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,infinite regrets,"Pretty old school RPG, graphics are incredibly lowfi, but the gameplay is well done. Combat is similar to the old xcom games - except much more unforgiving. Also, you can get approached by guards and get accused of being drunk if you walk around nude. What."
,Recommended,230070,20563758,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Chandler,"A really interesting branching RPG game.I feel like you'd need a lot of playthroughs to see everything available, as I know that LOTS of stuff was unavailable to me due to my skill choices (smart guy / terrible combat skills). I played the entire game only killing 3 people, and I think it easily could have been zero. My playthrough took about 12 hours, but given different skillsets / choices I think it could vary a fair amount.It's completely old-school, for better or worse. Don't expect the game to lead you forward and tell you what to do. I had one point where I actually thought I was stuck (due to my skill choices), but then ended up finding a clever solution that fit my skillset. I was pretty impressed with the game design.Overall, I would recommend this given that you're okay with a game that is unapologetically oldschool and rough around the edges."
76561198028246300,Recommended,230070,22880692,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Crâncen,"This game was a gamble for me at first: I honestly didn't know what I was getting involved in but I liked the trailer and the theme instantly convinced me. A demo played here, a purchase there and fast-forward a month later I was killing my social life with this title like it was no one's business; Where to even begin? The story is amazing! The characters and the plots & schemes impressed me with their depth; The game's combat is great too, once you get the hang of it :) it kind of reminded me a bit of Fallout 2 but there are a TON of different variables to work with here so don't hover too much on this aspect. I have undergone multiple playthroughs with different character backgrounds and the replayability of this game is off-charts... you get to piece together a small part of the overall grand scheme of things with every playthrough; genuinely recommend it to anyone looking for a solid RPG"
76561198001841569,Recommended,230070,18573439,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Caridous,"I found this game refreshing, albeit challenging.It's not for everyone, which isn't a critique of people who don't like it. It is a bit challenging at first, and it can be frustrating. Here's why1 ) You'll find yourself having to accept decisions that you otherwise don't like (because the alternative is getting killed.) For example, you can try to kill someone, but his guards will immediately attack you. Or you pay someone 1 000 coins or die (usually you can avoid this altogether, but that's based on your char's skillpoints)2) Combat is specifically made so you can't run straight towards 5 mobs and mercilessly slaughter them. Remember how the guards in Morrowind used to be? They would mow you down (until mid-late game when you'd kill them and sell their equipment for heaps of cash)3) No real quest log, or hints. You'll have to actually read the dialogues to get a sense of where to go and what to do. The quests have names, and a line or two of the stage you're at.4) The Wiki page is a bit empty, so finding hints online is a bit difficult.The game however is extremely immersive, and once you get into the rhythm, highly addictive. The game may appear linear, as it is the same progression to cities, but when I say ""no two play throughs are the same"" I mean they won't be the same. They may be similar, but time has clearly been spent by the devs to make sure one decision has tangible effects. The story line is unique, the environment is engaging, and the characters have depth.So in sum:If you're looking for a game that demands your attention and total engagement, as well as being crucifyingly realistic, buy this gameIf you're looking for a laid back game, skip this one. Think Morrowind; no map markers, no clear indicators where to go.You're told ""Don't go into the Slums of Maadoran."" In this game, that's actual advice. You will die, or get robbed blind."
76561198032322474,Recommended,230070,18582896,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,apsaps,"It has the fallout feel and is well done, the replayablity is high. If you make a none combat oriented character the game isnt hard but still a lot of fun. The combat is tricky playing with a combat oriented charater is a totally different experience.There are a load of bugs and crashes which I hope the continu to fix. Because of the auto save and the need to save to get through thigns alive it isnt really a big issue.Trying to switch factions later in the game makes things messed up, people that should be dead are still alive and such, keeping to the linear story wont let you experience this thus you'll only notice after having played the game several times."
,Recommended,230070,18487874,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Bloodyguy,"Hard, realistically unforgiving and one of the rare few games whose dialogue options and their checks make perfect sense.7/10I have two complaints:1. Nothing is marked with this game, which, in my opinion, is fine for everything other than quest givers. The game's art style makes everything easy to miss, so at some point it changes into pixel hount (which is still fine by me, as long as I know what I'm supposed to be doing, and if I haven't found the quest giver - I don't).2. I played a greedy merchant who nearly single handedly took over three locations for his guild and found an omniscient being. It'd seem natural that I should seize power for myself at some point, seeing as literally everyone who mattered either knew me well or owed me. That's not an option. I think there should be a storyline in which you can drive away/poison your superior and take over the guild."
76561198063658761,Recommended,230070,35052164,Posted: 18 September,all,MasterPJ,"Before I bought the game I have read a lot of reviews, some were positive some were negative. Most negative comments were on the game's difficulty. I have to say that it does not seem expecially difficult for me. Simply, as long as you accept that not all quests are for your character line and if you choose to be a merchant you cannot kill almost anybody it is fine. True, you die, a lot, but in which game you do not? The RPG system is similar to Falout which I like a lot + the story is very interesting. My reccomendation is to try at least one fighting and one not fighting character to see what you can do and see more sides of the story. If you like RPG, especially the lassical ones, this is game for you."
,Recommended,230070,18468736,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,!!-*Trickster*-!! ^^,"Yes, immersive af. Just what the fan of ancient history ordered.May cause nostalgia for runescapers."
76561198070126792,Recommended,230070,18527211,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,johndoe1927,"This game is epic. The character system, skill checks, dialouge, and difficulty all blend together to create an incredibly enjoyable experience. You can also just stab people in the throat constantly if you stack crit.10/10 willl throat stab again."
,Recommended,230070,18372102,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Large Father,"Score: 9.5/10Summary: The Age of Decadence is a must own for fans of classic CRPG gameplay. Every aspect of the game demonstrates the amount of love and attention to detail the developers have put into their work. Built around replayability and written with a smart, dry wit, this title is a dream come true for anybody who longs for the days of Planescape: Torment and Arcanum. The requirements of metagame knowledge and the staggering difficulty, however, make this game for a very specific audience and have the potential to frustrate even the most seasoned gamers.The Setting: The Age of Decadence takes place in a world with post-apocalyptic, steampunk, cosmic horror, dark fantasy, and ancient historical inspirations. The settlements on the surface of the game world look like historical Roman or ancient Middle Eastern cities and are written and populated to feel like authentic Dark Ages societies. Dig deep enough, however, and you'll see that the game's grounded surface hides a lot of ancient rituals, bizarre machines, and sleeping monstrosities. The historical sense about most of the game's political intrigue makes the supernatural elements even more mysterious and intriguing.The Character System: You play as a man or woman from one of eight different backgrounds: assassin, thief, praetor, loremaster, grifter, drifter, merchant or mercenary. Once you choose one of these backgrounds and customize your appearance (there are a solid number of options for an isometric game), you allocate statistics among several primary attributes and skills. The primary attributes are similar to Fallout's SPECIAL statistics, but the skills are something else entirely. Skills are divided into combat and civil skills; at character creation, your physical stats (strength, dexterity, constitution) determine how many points you may spend on combat skills, while your ""cerebral"" stats (perception, intelligence, charisma) determine civil skills. Rather than experience points, the game rewards quest completion and the achievement of certain feats with skill points, which may be focused in either type of skill. Certain world interactions will grant specialized combat/civil skill points as well. The system does a good job of representing abstract concepts with statistics, which carries over from game mechanics into narrative often, as your interactions with people and things will be determined by base statistic checks frequently (i.e. are you strong enough to open the door? are you smart enough to figure our what this guy is saying?).The Gameplay: The most common way to play this game is to specialize either in civil skills or combat skills. While hybrid builds are possible, they require very tight management of baseline statistics and skill points and an amount of metagame knowledge that a first or even second or third time player will not have. The game emphasizes ""choice and consequence"" and unlike in many other titles, that includes how you build your character: what opens up one path will prevent you from going down another permanently. While this may frustrate players who enter with the mentality of experiencing everything at once, this gating effectively makes your character seem like a realistic member of the game world rather than a superman and more importantly encourages multiple playthroughs with multiple builds.The combat is turn based and enormously difficult. You the player have no inherent advantages over NPCs whatsoever and unless you build the right skills and take advantage of the right tools, you will die repeatedly. On the one hand, this system can make combat immensely fun and rewarding if you like challenge: you'll feel like you've earned every victory. On the other hand, when your stats are too similar to your enemies', RNG can be what wins you the day or loses it, resulting in a lot of swearing and loading savegames. I would argue that this RNG dependency is one of the game's few big flaws.The Writing: Age of Decadence is one of the smartest and most fascinating role-playing games of all time, in my opinion. Be warned that the experience is rather cold and impersonal. While your masters will reward you and praise you for succeeding, your character will never have a close circle of friends and a love interest like the characters in many other RPGs. That's because the game is really about the world more than it is about you. Much like Dark Souls, your character in this game is merely a vessel/agent by which you can experience the story. The real main characters are the people for whom and against you'll be working and some of them are rather memorable, like a condescending ancient construct and a slimy merchant who may or may not keep conning you throughout the story.The setting is what really makes the game. The Roman-inspired themes are well handled: it's clear the developers did their research, but have still made their world unique enough not to be a copy-paste of ancient history. The mixture of steampunk elements, futuristic elements, long-gone magic, and cosmic entities definitely lend to this distinct voice. What's more, all the messages that narrate the game in second person (i.e. you enter a large room full of old machines, etc) have this cruelly sardonic humor to them that makes you laugh even when they're insulting you. The game has an enormous number of custom death screens that mock or praise you depending on often ignominious and sometimes epic ways in which you can die.Overall, it is very clear this game is a labor of love. It's highly replayable, highly enjoyable, and very, very smart. $20 (CORRECTION: 30) US is an outstanding price for a title with so much replay value."
,Recommended,230070,18509903,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ZombieBisque,"This is a fantastic game.  It took a long time for it to be released, and the love and attention put into it really shows.  The story itself isn't too long, it's possible to get through it in a couple hours if you know what you're doing, but the game really shines when it comes to replay value - play once, then play again as a different class or the same class with different stats, and you end up with a wildly different experience.  Playing multiple times to see all the possible outcomes for story lines in this well-written game full of rich lore is the best part of AoD.If you like:>Great writing>Post apocalyptic setting>Medieval/Roman themes>Turn based combat>being challenged by your gamesThen I absolutely recommend Age of Decadence.  More casual fans of turn-based RPGs might also be into this, but keep in mind it's not very forgiving.  Save often, because you will die a lot."
76561198078278122,Recommended,230070,18485808,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BlckHwk,Good c&c and gameplay
76561198102111099,Recommended,230070,18556517,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,marmot,"Age of Decadence, by Iron Tower Studios is an RPG which sets the standard against which RPG connoisseurs will measure future role-playing games for years to come.The game has a number of features which set it apart from most RPG releases in recent years. To name a few such traits, I must refer to the realistic attitudes, motivations and interactions shown by its character cast and in its worldbuilding, the turn-based combat system with a heavy emphasis on tactics, which yet remains surprisingly intuitive, or to the mind-boggling variety of outcomes of its main story and secondary quests. AoD is truly an exceptional occurrence in the recent history of role-playing games.The game takes place in a post-apocalyptic antiquity, depicting a world not all that different from how people of the Roman Empire probably used to perceive it in the days of the great Barbarian Invasions of IV-VI centuries. The setting is not strictly historical though, so expect partial ""contaminations"" and amalgamations of Roman era with Ancient Middle East and fantasy themes adapted to those two ingredients of the setting.Whereas other games ask for fast reflexes or perseverance in mouse button clicking, good old-fashioned common sense will be the main requirement that AoD poses of you as a player. This may seem like it goes without mention, but really, in this game ""think before you act"" is your guiding principle, along with ""save your game often"". Whether it's about an ingame decision - like fighting a group of six armed-to-the-teeth thugs - or about your long term strategy in character-building - like spreading his character's skillpoints too thin over too many unrelated skills, being realistic about your character's capabilities is what will keep you alive. Putting yourself in your character's shoes, circumventing his limitations instead of playing superman - isn't this what role-playing is fundamentally about?With realism being a chief design principle, building your character should be done with thought as to which skills will complement each other best. The two ends of the continuum are a pure fighter or a pure diplomat, but a player would rarely settle with a character concentrated solely on combat or on talking. In the majority of cases, your character will end up somewhere in between.There is a lot of depth to AoD's combat, with weapons split into groups where increasing your skill with one weapon in a group provides synergic effect to your skill with other weapons of the same group. To add to that, the same weapons can execute different types of strikes, or be used to strike at different body parts, with varying action point cost and to-hit chance. The end result is that switching from one weapon to another, or from a single weapon to weapon and shield, coupled with changes to the types of strikes you will preform with that weapon, can dramatically alter the course of combat, without any changes to your skill levels with the given weapon.Age of Decadence is unlike any other RPG you've played in that it will play out differently every time you replay it, depending on your character's background and skills distribution. The developers at Iron Tower Studios have spent a stupefying 10 years in mostly filling up the game with branches of the main and secondary quests, and with branches of the branches. Reactivity in an RPG can never be too much, and in AoD it reaches a point where the world begins to feel more real and alive than you are used to, especially if you have an affinity for its down-to-earth hardboiled novel-like writing style.Age of Decadence is an RPG done right. The game combines great writing and storytelling with branching storylines more complex than anything you've seen in a computer game. It boasts a perfectly balanced turn-based combat system and deep classless skills-based character creation and development system. What makes the game stand out among the titles of recent years (and decades) is how the quality exectuion of its systems results in you playing an RPG in the way it's meant to be played - looking at the world through the eyes of your character, walking the dusty streets in your character's own sandals.I can say without a doubt - AoD is a classic that just got released. I urge you to buy it and play it now, so that by the time the mainstream becomes alert and also proclaims it a classic, you will be ready to boast about how many times you finished it ""before it was cool"". And since the game is indie,it has the added benefit of being relatively cheap, so for the price of a triple-A game, you can buy two copies of AoD and gift one to a friend, who would later thank you for showing him the game.With all this said, really, what could be better...? I'd say Age of Decadence II, hopefully."
76561198096204239,Recommended,230070,18492452,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ankheg,"Choosing different classes, stats, skills and guilds you get a completely different game. It's amazing."
76561198003325820,Recommended,230070,18470885,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bloodking0,"Best RPG I've played in years.Actually its the only RPG I've played in years that has:1. Been worth the money2. Actually been a ♥♥♥♥ing proper RPG (I'm looking at you♥♥♥♥♥Effect 2+3)3. Has multiple story routes so as to be worth playing all the way through multiple times.4. Has had multiple endings to the multiple routes as well. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥thats awesome.The only reason I haven't played more is because it was early access. And now it is released, there is no excuse :)"
76561198111615721,Recommended,230070,25499121,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,deserthamster,"This will be a very positive review for a game that I have spent many hours playing over the last year. The hours do not show on my account since I have played the game... somewhere else.I would like to start off by saying that this game is not for everyone. If you have liked Fallout (old or new) there is no guarantee that you will like AoD since it takes from many other game styles.The game is not really hard in a sense that is difficult, you will just have many options locked out from you in every play through since there are not enough stats or skill points to go around and make a well rounded character. That is not a problem since you will want to replay the game several times since there are many different outcomes and endings. Even the starts are extremely different (8 in total).The atmosphere of the game is really depressing (Fallout seems bright and sunny compared to this one) and the witting is so good that you can literally sense it without any animation. The characters are believable and they all have their ambitions and motives in this ruined world. That means that most will try to trick you or to lie to you to get ahead in life. So you are forced to do the same. Being the good guy is going to get you into a grave fast. The schemes that people make are really intricate and you get to participate in some really cool backstabbing (some with daggers, some with words). The range of world changing endings that can be achieved is comparable to those of Deus Ex Invisible War. I will not go into details since I do not wish to spoil it for you.Once you have played the game 2-3 times I recommend using cheats to increase stats to max to see all that it has to offer."
,Recommended,230070,18897699,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Peerlet,"Age of Decadence is a good game, and which development I followed for a long time. It was pretty exciting to see the result of years' worth of labor come to fruition and experience for the first time the craft and dedication put into the title.To preface, I believe I gave this game a good shot, explored the systems as much as allowed despite early struggles, and in some cases reached the limits of its game design. The released demo helps to get a fair grasp of what is to be expected, primarily the level of difficulty in its turn based combat. And the demo extends to other game mechanics as well and serves as a pretty good alternative to a proper manual, which is limited to in-game help section. If anything, if you are interested in this game and its underlying roleplaying gameplay, you'll do well to try this demo before reading anymore of what I want to vent.Now, having said all that, I must confess unfortunately, my first go at the game was less than ideal. I started out as a hybrid character who does not specialize in any specific task, but realizing my error, later tried at every turn to focus on a defined set of skills. The game experience changes markedly depending on what character you create, to the point that the most important choice in this game becomes the character creation.Some of the skills are definitely more useful than others, the most overlooked of which is Etiquette that I made a mistake of investing a couple points in, deluding myself a well adjusted swordsman or some such. Many skills aside from Alchemy and Crafting find their use in dialog checks, especially Streetwise and Persuasion. It is rather unfortunate that Stealing or Lockpicking are relegated to dialog choices rendering many of the NPCs and buildings in the game to merely decorative stand-ins.I found that due to the emphasis on choices and consequences, a large swath of content is gated behind certain checks based on these skills. For a character who against common sense aspired to be a jack of all trades, this created a funneling effect where I didn't have any choice being carried along the base plotline just to continue the motion of seeing to its conclusion before finding myself in a yet another similar situation of a pigeonholed exit. Rather ironic that the character with a broad skill set has no place to apply his trade, however meager they be. The passage of time remains as much of a mystery as the relics of the bygones world strewn about this post-apocalyptic world, burying some quests under the sands of time leaving no trace while others remain unperturbed.It all snowballed to a point the game simply and literally refused to budge, a hard crash within the game world with no exit to desktop, only an obscured 'exit' sign awaiting those who had failed the experiment to boot you unceremoniously to an ignoble end. Exit and New Game would have been a more fitting and compassionate choice.Did I have any more fight in myself after this draining exercise to subvert the game system to deliver my game avatar to an end commensurate with the effort to create him, identify with him, and navigate him? Not really. What I had really wanted was the game experience tailor made that gave way to whatever whim my character may take fancy in, the menagerie of choices borne out of randomness. Age of Decadence wouldn't give an inch to such nonsense and will hold no prisoner of my miserable dreams and hopes, of working with my deeply flawed character, holding his hand as we skip toward the Gates of Hell. It boiled down to 'decadence' in exclusivity that ran contradictory to my usual playing habits.It is understandable that there is only so much the developer of six or so people can do to take account of all options and actions that a player may take, and the game doesn't suffer any fools. A fool that was me bumbling through the wonderfully created world of fascinating lore and history. Overall I enjoyed it while it lasted, but there was no catharsis in this suffering, only the New Game offering a glimmer of new hope, and richer experience to be borne out of more wiser and determined roleplaying.Recommended, for the richness of the world, the choices a player has, and the world that compute and react to those choices. Just be sure to specialize, use common sense, and stay within the pages of this Choose Your Own Adventure. Do yourselves a favor and try the demo."
,Recommended,230070,19306544,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,patt2129,"amazing game, challenging, great writing, decisions that chang outcome of the story, multple playthroughs, highly recomended."
76561198034916917,Recommended,230070,17165778,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Immaletyoufinish,"Highly recommend. Best game I've ever played since Planescape: Torment. Like other reviewers said, it is a difficult game, which I love about it. If you are going to play a merchant don't expect to bully trained killers. But it is so satisfying to come back with an assassin character and slit your enemies throats in your first move and step over their corpses without missing a beat.Or with an armored fighter slamming five guys around with a warhammer.In this game you start weak, but how you end up is up to you. 8 different storylines to complete and even then you will find some new location and think to yourself ""I need to come back to this place with a fighter/diplomat/thief."
,Recommended,230070,15943740,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sardonac,"Arguably one of the best rpgs of the past decade, and its not even complete yet. Think post apocalyptic classical rome, with a dash of sci-fi/fantasy. If you enjoy challenging combat and consequences for your actions, this one is for you."
76561198028754214,Recommended,230070,25597107,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,vain524,Awesome role playing game. Lots of freedom. Lots of choices.
76561198052751835,Recommended,230070,25614551,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,tenricsilverhood,Decisions matter and you have multiple ways of solving most missions. A rarity in video games.
,Recommended,230070,25765442,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,paralistalon,"I got hooked on this game, which was quite unexpected given the blocky graphics and frustrating combat.  It takes place in a Roman-era setting where several great houses are all vying for power, and there's a couple of guilds and factions that are egging them all on to advance their own agendas.  There's a very cool story underlying this about techno-mages and Gods that you can delve more into if you want to play archeologist in the ruins, but this is really up to you.  The charm of the game is that there are so many different story branches that you can influence.  My second playthrough was completely different than my first!  The game relies heavily on skill and stat checks.  I almost see this game as more of a puzzle game because it will take a few playthroughs to familiarize yourself with what skillchecks you need to pass at what times so that you can earn more skill points.  The challenge is that no character can pass EVERY skill check, so you have to be very careful in how you build your character.  As all the other reviewers have pointed out, you're going to have a much more enjoyable experience if you make either a pure combat character or a pure diplomatic character.  Your first two playthroughs should be with each of these, in fact.  Once you start mixing it up, you end up with a character that can't pass any speech checks, which results in having to fight, and you won't be able to win any fights because the combat, which is heavily reminiscent of the early Fallout games, is brutally unfair unless you put every single point into your weapon skills (and even then expect to spend a good amount of time staring at your reloading screen).  I think the biggest payoff is that after you've played through a couple of times, you MIGHT be able to piece together how to get the hidden best ending!"
76561198147153306,Recommended,230070,11507212,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Masi,"The Age of Decadence (AoD) is a gem that captures the essence of role-playing games, putting choice and consequence above everything else. Since there are so many clichés and misconceptions about what a RPG should look like nowadays, some warnings are in order. This way we can begin to talk about the game in comparison with what it is not. First, it is worth mentioning that if your idea of RPG is that of an action game in which you just push buttons to kills everything in sight, you will be disappointed. AoD is not the typical action RPG. Combat is brutal. If you don’t think tactically, you die horribly. If you pick up every fight, you are history. The game has the same unforgiving learning curve than Gothic 2, if not harder. However, despite its combat system being difficult to master, it is fair.Second, AoD is not a traditional RPG full of self-indulgent common places and bland quests. Don’t expect to get a job in the tavern to kill rats in the basement. You don’t have a group of buddies that will be part of your team. Do you want to be the Mr. Nice Guy that careless helps anyone that cross your way asking for help? Good luck with that. People will take advantage of you and gut you like a fish. You cannot be successful in every quest without ruining other people’s interest. If you defy powerful people they will mark you for revenge. AoD looks like a Hobbesian state of nature or the world of Game of Thrones without the most superficial characters. There is no space for quixotic dreamers here and you can’t survive for long if you don’t stay alert all the time.Of course, you can’t “invent the wheel” in the RPG genre and quests involving backstabbing and scheming for power are old news. However, in what AoD purposes itself to do, it does very well and without gratuitous self-indulgence. The character system was carefully designed and integrated with an immersive and addictive gameplay. Every single stat and skill have relevance and could make a difference between success and failure. Do you need to pass unnoticed by the guards? You have to sneak. You can’t sneak? Try to fool them with your disguise or persuasion. You can’t fool the guards? You have to fight or you are dead. Reactivity is key and your choices matter. There are no cosmetic decision here. In my second playthrough as an assassin, I end up on a very distinct path than the first and I suspect that in a third playthrough as an assassin I would still have many open possibilities. Considering that the game has seven backgrounds/professions at the start of the game (assassin, merchant, grifter, drifter, praetor, loremaster and mercenary) and each has unique quests, replay value is enormous.All the elements of the game are top notch. The instrumental soundtrack is beautiful and captures the atmosphere of a post-apocalyptic world “inspired by the fall of the Roman Empire”. The graphics are good, but don’t expect the next generation graphics here. This is not a game full of cinematics that push your PC performance to the limit. Which is fine given the circumstances: we are talking about a cRPG produced by an indie studio without kickstarter funding.But what really stands out above everything else is the writing. The writing is strong and consistent. There is always a risk that a game with so much writing end up being compared with Planescape Torment, the classic that pushed the boundaries of game writing to insane levels. Fortunately, AoD achieved the feat of being even better. The lore is sophisticated and since every single quest is connected to the main plot, the game feels truly dense. The absence of filler quests is irrelevant, since there is much to explore. The biggest city of the game, Maadoran, is not gigantic as Athkatla of Baldur’s Gate 2, but it is definitely more meaningful. NPCs and their motivations are believable. Dialogues and quasi-literary “scenes” are memorable, reminding us of the scripted interactions of Darklands. And even in the middle of all the backstabbing that are some moments genuinely warmhearted – came to mind the dialogue with a farmer that cries about his tough life.AoD have been in the developing process for 10 years, which is perfectly reasonable for a RPG of that caliber, especially one made by a first timer indie studio (let’s not forget). Some little design tweaks and polishing of rough edges are necessary, but 90% of the game is already finished and 19 locations out of 22 are available in the Early Access build. I have a fear though that because AoD took so long to see the light of the day it will fail to live up to the hype of its hardcore fans or end up being treated with indifference for most RPG gamers. I hope that I’m wrong. AoD has all the marks of a classic. Let us give it all the praise it deserves."
76561198002871625,Recommended,230070,18156105,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,saint,Such a facinating game! My only problem is I can't get enough.
,Recommended,230070,30419332,Posted: 9 March,all,Hitzuki Key,"I've played as a thief and I lockpicked every chest and door, stole everything that was to be stolen and stealthed everything that needed to be stealthed. And it was fun. <3I actually got lots of inspiration from it for future D&D or RPG Maker games.. =3Is the game hard?Meh. I don't know. I wouldn't say it's hard, it's just not your usual ""go in and kill""-kind of thing?I've played old games and they were kind of the same (like Lionheart: Legacy of the Crusader), if you're like me and love this medieval game with a cool skill check systems (with numbers and skill checks), then this is very cool to dive into.I don't wanna spoiler, but I slayed him. ♥ I drugged my character, so he could move faster and act more often, and threw all sorts of bombs that I had in my possessions to it and finished it with a few fast dagger stabs.(I found a bug on the way and reported it on Steam, Vince seems to be a very active developer since I've been seeing his name a lot around here. 10/10 support <3)I loved it, and I'll get back to it when I get the chance. I might go with a Mercenary next.I was very weak in the beginning, but late game I got so powerful (good equipment, thanks level 8 Crafting), that I became a killing machine (120ish Kills in the end).Anyway, I should write a review not fangirl about my character.The game has a lot of text to it, lore and a nice story. <3If you're new: Play as a merchant if you want to do less fighting and more socializing.. Mercenary if you want the other way. (You should a fair amount of Strength tho in order to join the guards. :3 If you wanna be a more Dexterious kind of fighter, you can always join the Assassins or Thieves.)Anyway, great game. Lots of fun. Loved it."
76561198004477996,Recommended,230070,18630134,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,|LNG| Rocket Morton,"So I’ll be honest I did not expect great things when I bought this game but I was happily proved wrong, this game is a fantastic crpg it has a multitude of different backgrounds for your character to choose from and the entire world changed simply by choosing to do 1 thing different in my second play through.9/10 only problem I had is that the game felt a tad short but the endless replayability is pleasingNote: DO NOT BUY ENLESS YOU LIKE CRPG'S"
,Recommended,230070,18627323,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Iscamion,"While I haven't played for very long, I can definitely recommend this game to people who love an older style of RPG.One that's fairly unforgiving, and will result in many retries to get the desired outcome, but it sure is worth it!So many avenues of approach to every situation, depending on your own specialties. You can completely avoid many fights with the right skills, or gain the upperhand with a cheeky stab before the fight. Or just try blazing in, shield up and weapon at the ready.Very very good game, and a very refreshing style of play"
76561198031384684,Recommended,230070,25579955,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Martel,"As a lifelong gaming enthusiast (25+ years), I can say with certainty: this is the best game of last 10 years, bar none.  The writers and designers are brilliant."
76561198136885694,Recommended,230070,25579437,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Billy Pilgrim,"The two things that really stand out about this game are the setting and the sheer ""width"" of the writing. For every faction the player chooses at the beggining of the game theres a totally unique opening vingette and sunsequent path through the main story. I really enjoyed my time with this one."
,Recommended,230070,34856611,Posted: 10 September,all,bitterashes,"Very different to many contemporary RPGs, hard but rewards tactical skill in combat and exploration very nicely.This is a game designed for multiple playthroughs, Its an RPG where you don't roleplay a warrior/theif/mage/rogue who can do every quest and become king of every faction.Instead it presents a thouroughly interesting and believable world and your character will be one that fits with this. This design choice is not for everyone but makes you actually think about what you are doing and the consequences of your actions. This made it a very engaging experience for me.The setting and story is the stand out of this game though, its best described as alterna-roman/historical/post-apocalyptic/cthulu-lite where all these parts come together seamlessly.I did personally think the combat is a little too hard on non combat focussed characters. SInce this game is really at its best when you play a sneaky charismatic type this is a little jarring. I personally stopped worrying about this and cheated myself some basic combat skills to make it less frustrating.Overall, its excellent."
,Recommended,230070,12147963,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,AwakeTooLong,"Steam and various developers, large and small, have left me quite jaded with early-access games of late. This game has piqued my interest though, and been on my wishlist for some time but my recent experiences with such things had left me hesitant to purchase itThen I see that Age of Decadence has a demo!I played the demo for an hour and was sold, even though I was absolutely terrible at the game.It somehow combines the feel of Baldur's Gate, Fallout, and other old RPGs with a new edge that makes the whole thing fresh. Meaningful text content and choices, combat made intense for the risk of it, and a setting where you're only the protagonist because you think you are - otherwise, the npcs are equal. It's absolutely unique while being very familiar, witheringly frustrating while being utterly addictive, and I immediately recommended it to my brothers.It restored some of my love for the genre, and my faith in current game developers in general. It is definitely a game I would recommend. Indeed, if you go throught he negative reviews, you'll only find that they consist of individuals who couldn't hack the difficulty, can't be bothered to read story choices in an RPG, or seemed to fail to understand that the game is still being developed.If you can handle those things, do yourself  a favor and buy the game."
76561198007363210,Recommended,230070,18633681,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Uncle Magic,"Tl;dr/summary at the bottom.I like the game, but it has plenty of issues.  It's a rough around the edges RPG in the vein of the original Fallout or Arcanum.  The gameplay mostly takes place in one of three areas: dialog screens with skill checks and choices, the openish world exploring, or the combat screen.  And yes, the graphics are atrocious, but think of it like you thought of Mount and Blade, in that it offers something pretty unique for where gaming is nowadays.There's turn-based combat which is actually very intelligent, with characters being able to perform multiple types of strikes with various effects (i.e. an aimed attack at the arms reduces the opponent's attack accuracy. at the legs reduces his/her dodge ability and mobility) based on their weapon of choice.  There's many weapons, a crafting system, and explosives made via alchemy.The biggest problem with the game is tied to its biggest strength, which is the cause and effect.  The fact that it's so responsive is great.  There's many outcomes to most questlines.  This is a great thing, and it's the biggest reason to get the game as far as I'm concerned.Unfortunately, the skill checks are really demanding and very arbitrary.  They're fun at first but only if you don't think about how arbitrary they are.  I enjoy the idea of a skill check and I've loved them in literally every other game I've seen them in, including the aforementioned Arcanum and Fallout.  It feels rewarding to make a character a certain way and have the game recognize that character's specialty. Nice to have a smart character with new dialog options that a tough dumb one doesn't get to even see.Each skill is ranked from 1-10, and to increase your skill ranking, you spend skill points gained from quests.  Dialog checks use these 1-10 rankings to determine outcomes.  So you'll see [intelligence] precede a line of dialog and realize that its success or failure is based on how high your intelligence rank is.  If your intelligence is high enough, it'll read [intelligence success] in green.  If it's borderline, it's white.  If it's too low, the dialog choice won't even appear.The following is a typical gameplay experience.  Let's say there's a character from a questline up ahead.  You've saved 25 skill points so that you can raise an appropriate skill when needed.  Better quicksave, because who knows what he'll require of me.  Ok, there's a persuade check in white.  You choose it. and even though you have a 5 persuade rank, you fail.  Ok, reload the quicksave and put the skill points into persuade so you now have 6 persuade.  Half the time, it'll still not be enough persuade.Let's say that this time, 6 persuade is enough to pass.  Ok, keep talking, things are going well, and now you've got a streetwise check and an intelligence check.  Well, I don't have the points for streetwise, and even though my intelligence is 9 I somehow failed the check.  Reload, do some quests (of which there are less than you'd like), get that streetwise up, and still fail the check.  Even if you succeeded, there'll be ten other instances of checks during those other quests you're doing and you'll fail those a lot too.  Sometimes not, but it's really just random.In Fallout and Arcanum you had an idea of what you'd need to be proficient at going in.  In this game, they've split hairs with the categories such that it's really absurd to think you can predict what you'll need to be good at.  Sometimes you'll think to yourself, why would that need to involve ""impersonate"" or ""streetwise"" at all?  Why can't I just ""persuade"" this guy to let me do what I'm trying to?  Why is this skill so much weaker, yet still included?  Why does this other skill even exist?  When skill points are so scarce, why can't I have some idea of what I need to invest in to get the most out of all this?So you save points all the time, do quests, find out the checks, reload, invest.  It might as well be called ""Save Scumming: The Game.""  That's especially true because of the dice roll aspects of combat, which also feel unfair very often.There's a quest early on where a man tells you to kill another man who is threatening his livelihood because they both work in the same field.  In the current playthrough, I'm the apprentice of the man who instructed me to kill the other man.  My character has practically no combat skills.  I don't want to kill that other man but I also don't want to do nothing.The choices of that questline are as follows: ensure that your instructor is replaced by hastening new guy's arrival (and announce to everyone that you're betraying your boss), kill the man and ensure the safety of your instructor's job, or try and persuade the new guy to leave.  There's a guild of assassins in town, but I can't hire them to do it for some reason.  I don't get to try and be this new guy's apprentice, or warn him about my boss anonymously.  I can choose to do nothing, but the game resolves itself in a way I don't want, and I miss out on the points that I need to build my character.So I picked the persuade option to make him leave and it says it succeeded.  Then I get a new, out-of-the-blue result from a hidden ""perception"" check which actually tells me that the persuade option didn't affect anything, and that this new man thinks he outsmarted me.  I'm now left with either the option to kill him or do nothing.  Reload, try again.It's moments like that which really frustrate the hell out of me.  It's just unfair.  We have a system in place of skill checks, but lets upend it and make new rules on the fly when it seems like it might be interesting for the story.  That's honestly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Even the hidden skill checks the game sometimes does are fine, whatever, but don't have a reported success actually be a failure.I like the game but it's just so damn frustrating to see things like this.  So 7 lore isn't enough but 8 is?  so 3 x isn't enough but 4 is?  Well those 2 Y points are useless then, I wish I could get a refund on that, but the entirety of the gameplay is really just knowing what you'll need beforehand and investing skillpoints into relevant skill areas to keep going.  It kind of becomes just a formality after a while.  You can probably look up online the perfect ratio to do the most content possible on a given archetype's playthrough.  It kinda stinks to know that going in.  I thought the system would be a bit more subtle than it turned out to be.And I did beat the game, this isn't me ♥♥♥♥♥ing because I couldn't beat it or it was too hard or something.  It's unfair more than it is difficult, and that's a real shame.  Still, get the game to support future games.  It has so much potential to be greater in sequels, I think, or future RPG releases by this company.  And it IS a fun game when all is said and done.  I recommend doing a combat character first before doing non-combat, to get a basic understanding and so that you don't get too screwed by these kinds of skill checks on your first play.Tl;dr and summary: The game shoots for the stars and reaches the top of a 5 floor apt. building.  A good game but falls very short of what it tries to do.  Still deserves to be applauded for the effort.  Combat's interesting, skill checks are really random and unfair but do feel rewarding when they work in your favor, graphics are terrible, and the story is pretty good, not amazing though.  It's written in a style I don't particularly enjoy, with far too much embellishing and attempting to impress readers, but it's still worlds better than many other games."
76561198017127457,Recommended,230070,18701491,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gunboat Diplomat,Picked a fight.Got my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.Got jumped.Had my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.Ran away.Yaaas!Love this game but I'm rubbish at fighting.
76561197990070513,Recommended,230070,24562383,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Maximus,Brutal.Like sometimes reload a dozen times for one fight..Then reload a previous save because you wernt ready for that fight to begin with or never will be because loremasters are made of paper.Great tho.
76561198063543434,Recommended,230070,18715634,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Karlone123,I praetor god I will win a fight at some point.
76561198025783335,Recommended,230070,24804314,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Klindhh,"It took me a while to get into this game but now that I have I am enjoying taking lots of new characters with different skillsets through, making decisions and seeing where it gets me.  It is very possible to dig yourself into a corner with this game where you have neither the skillpoints nor the skillbuild to continue but once you realise that a single playthrough is actually not that long restarting with a different build/path becomes less of an issue.   Even with a combat build combat you have to be willing to replay the combat several times as random chance can always kill you.  Luckily the game autosaves at the beginning of each fight (and most if not all of the important conversation chains) reducing the risk.  I love fact you have a wide range of options available for most scenarios letting you make lords into emperors, backstab your guilds and the fact you can do an entire playthrough without touching combat once.  As long as you dont mind those things to much you'll probably love this.  Do try the demo."
76561198039662501,Recommended,230070,20635131,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Blu Falcon,"This game isNOTfor the faint of heart.To be upfront with you, I had alot of fun with this game. It does nothold your hand in any way, and if you make a stupid choice then you will die. If you make a smart choice, you might still die. If you make a set of choices that ionevitably lead to one noble or another♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at you, you will be ambushed, and if you are not prepared for taking on 3 men, armed-to-the-teeth, wishing to kill you, then you will die. If you ARE ready for this situation, chances are, you will still die anyways. Akin to Dark Souls, this game punishes you lethally and often if you are not careful, however, comma, it has a very generous save system allowing you to save at will, and it auto-saves before anything drastic and at the start of every fight. So, yes, your badass arena champion COULD be killed by a few of the local street punks, BUT you could just re-load in and slaughter them.Some would say this game nudges you fairly heavily towards going down the path of not killing a single soul: never getting into a fight. I would say that they just push you to make a REAL combat build. You see charismatic, intelligent warriors in other games, in this one, if you want to fight and live, you have to put in everything. So yeah, you are going to look like an ugly brute, and in this world of choosing between the morally shady and the outright evil, you probably ARE just a selfish brute: a psychopath who is just mad enough to do the dance of death over and over. This game makes you focus heavily on whatever it is you are trying to do, and with so many different endings to see, it isn't the worst thing in the world to have to specialize in just a couple skills per character.This Game is punishing, and someitmes you realize you went through half of it just to come to a point in which there is no possible way for you to progress (see the part about making bad choices above) and so, you WILL have to scrap that character and restart. It is ok. Just let go of your hatred, padawan, start thinking smart, and hopefully Lady Luck will get you that little critical that will have you barely survive a fight against only one other man. BUY THIS GAME(PS The developers still work really hard on this game and still add things... they are very responsive to the community and all of their players thank them heartily for their tirelless efforts to make and continue improving such a wonderful and unique experience in gaming.)"
76561198010397132,Recommended,230070,24184121,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,stercus (Tom),"For years I was put off by people saying this game was ""very hard"" so I never committed to buying it. Finally when the price got low enough I decided to give it a shot. I will tell you right now this game isn’t ""hard"" but it certainly isn’t the normal modern RPG, it's intelligent and you have to be smart in what you are doing or you will fail.The story writing is excellent (immersive). The game play is fun. The places are interesting. The NPCs have soul.The only real issue so far is combat is very difficult to figure out, and probably too much so. It hard to make a combat character who is just a thug that wants to smash things, but it is possible.------------Amendment: You can make an axe murdering thug! From the pinned discussions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9oCOPtF8VM"
76561198021844334,Recommended,230070,30675717,Posted: 22 March,all,christiano.keller,"Edit: I am at the 4th play and it still has new stuff that I haven't seem before. It is much better than I wrote!!!Amazing game! You can't play it only once! Each choice may cause a reaction that allow or cut sections of the game.Pros:+ Choices really matter a lot!+ Different play styles, weapons, hits and perspectives!+ Engaging stories, I wrote it correctly, stories because there are a few of them!Cons:- Players get frustrated because this is like real life, you die and you can't do everything or beat everyone.- Designed to avoid cracking the game mechanics, but most players want to know the checks score that they failed.Totaly worth the full price and wait for their next game!"
76561198026800056,Recommended,230070,30644659,Posted: 20 March,all,Karisse,"Solid story-driven RPG that gives new meaning to ""know your role."" Excellent replayability, minimal hand holding (but the game mechanics are very easy to understand), and perhaps the first game in a long time where ""choices have consequences"" means more than a single NPC scolding you about something you did. Worth your money."
76561198007518396,Recommended,230070,18634909,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Empy,Very unique gameplay with tons of replayability and roleplaying potential.
,Recommended,230070,18716267,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ALT4R,Best lore I have ever seen.
76561198033980198,Recommended,230070,30687958,Posted: 23 March,all,Pep Pep,"This is a brutally challenging CRPG that values realism. The game recieved regular updates while it was in early access.Personally, this game isn't for me, but that's only because I like a little scifi and/or fantasy in my RPGs.Technically speaking, the game is well made and I would recommend it to anyone who likes the genre."
76561198026441699,Recommended,230070,19462671,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,NaViL,"This Game is HUGE.It provides unique gameplay consistent of so many great things.Combat system is genious, many weapons and items choices. Where u win one fight with one gear u may fail other fight with the same gear, u must think and plan what u use. Tactical decisions also make huge difference, u need use the terain advantage,position u self corectly , consider what weapons enemy uses, consider your own attacks type, actually u need to consider lots of thing, but this make the game so much more interesting. One fight may go in so many different ways.Decision making - actually in this game decisions matter, depending on what u choose game changes and the number of the possible plays is huge. Charakter screen is just great, so many skillz so many posibilities, i love it. Every skill point matters and u need plan where to put it. Even skill description is so amazing, when u get new skill the description changes with the most funny way, i smiled alot reading them.Storyline and dialogs - story is just great, it will consume u. Dialogs change depending on u skills and choices. Very funny     and meaningfull. I am not good with words to describe them. You need try it to understand.Game Difficulty - this depends on you and what u wanna play, if u play merchant or Loremaster with talking skillz u will have peacfull gameplay, if u choose to fight u will die before u know it :). Going combat oriented character increases difficulty Huge time. If u go to kill every one in the game - its close to impossible, i dare you try it.Music - game sounds and music - HUGE so autentic. When u hit shield with hammer - amazing sound effect :)Evel sheming - u can betray most of the people here (in game) u can plot and kill em all having no master and rule the world.Friends - u have no friends in the game, every one trying to use u and frak u big time. So kill em all :) (if u can).Graffics - i read lots of negative comments for the game graffics and i am daring u to find another game with size 2GB with so much content and to have better graffics, i think u will fail miserably finding one. Graffic actully need a reward considering the size of the game.This game puts RPG to whole new level. In my own opinion there is none who can match it now.Developers did amazing job.saluteGreetings"
76561198070623313,Recommended,230070,18673388,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MrSean,"Excellent fun and difficult game. It will put you off initially, but once you figure things out, you'll see how brilliant the game design is."
,Recommended,230070,18487994,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,0xDEADBEEF,"What this game lacks in graphics, it makes up with story and options.I bought it back in Early Access and can say that it hasn't disappointed - each guild allows you to see a different aspect of the Empire when you follow their questlines, and while the combat system is unforgiving at first -THERE'S A TUTORIAL OPTION WHEN YOU START A NEW GAME, USE IT TO GET THE HANG OF COMBAT- I feel it's quite rewarding when you get the hang of it.Don't start with a hybrid character unless you're not put off by restarting the game and/or dying a lot, though."
76561198021330442,Recommended,230070,18589654,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nick,Carve your own path through a brutal RPG that doesn't hold your hand. No filler content or fighting rats in basements. You can't see it all in one playthrough but the length of the game is perfect for focused characters with their own strengths and weaknesses. A true RPG. Fantastic atmosphere and well written dialogue and world history that will make you want to play again to learn more about the world.
,Recommended,230070,20439033,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SirArchdukeEsq,"Do you like CRPGs?Do you like reading?Do you like unforgiving combat?Do you like smashing your moniter?Or putting holes in the wall?Then get this, get sucked in and hope it doesn't spit you back out with too many injuries."
76561198022557785,Recommended,230070,23156746,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Supernaut,"Good fun game - very impressive for an indy.Reminds me a bit of Dragon Age: Origins - lots of different starting classes, with each one providing a different experience in terms of run through. Similarly, it's very quest focused but unlike, say, Balder's gate the side quests can often have more wide-ranging repercussions.More negatively, It's also very area focused, with each part of the story being in a distinct part of the game world. This can be a bit frustrating, as you can't go back to previous areas to do quests you skipped once certain events have happened (I'm a bit of a sub-quest nerd). This is, yes, a bit more realistic but can be a bit of a shock - the transition events aren't necessarily that obvious, so you think you're completing a minor quest but actually it jumps you forward to the next section, with your other quests half done.It is quite pricey for what it is. I'm still on my first playthrough after dithering and reloading quite a bit, but it is still moving quite fast. The environments are quite small, interactions are a little limited and the graphics aren't all that. But it is fun and engrossing, well thought through and well written."
76561198026598567,Recommended,230070,18653987,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Relentless,"Highest replay value so far in any RPG that I have played.The mainstream RPGs bore me after a while; I never replayed Skyrim,Mass Effect, Dragon Age franchise (except for the intros in DA:1). Ialso did not replay Wasteland 2 or Fallout 3 or Las Vegas. But I usually playthem for around 100 hours.This one is different in the sense that you can not possibly experience all the contentin one playthrough, by content I mean unlocking locations andsolving every quest. Unlike the Eldar Scrolls games, in which you can becomea thief and a mage and an assasin, all at the same time, which I find boringand unrealistic as it is not really 'roleplaying a ( meaning 1) Character' anymore,instead you roleplay multiple characters at a time.The Age of Decadence delivers a much more satisfyingapproach to this common paradox in many other RPGs, as it forces you toroleplay 'one' character."
76561198006916361,Recommended,230070,18665712,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,shervster,"The good: Very interesting story; it forces you to read, and for the first time in ages I don't mind it one bit.  Each stat increase makes a big difference in abilities.  You explore a world, trying to find out what's happened, encounter the usual suspects and make choices, that result in stat checks and success or failure.   Initially you avoid combat as you'll get killed.  But putting some stats into combat and being able to succeed later is very satisfying.The bad: The graphics are outdated, typically this would bother me a lot, but not here.  Still... You can succeed in various quests with different builds, but you still encounter areas where your success/failure completely depends on having a certain stat.  You end up storing stats later to see what you need to complete each encounter, with lots of saves/loads.  This impedes the flow of the game.  You can't just put stats where you like, the developers had some clear thoughts of what you'll need and when, and you'd better made the right choices.Overall I'm really enjoying the game.  It's worth playing.  Hopefully the developers will do a follow up using a new graphic engine next.  :)"
,Recommended,230070,18533120,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jaredstanko,"Do you like CRPG's? do you like it when against all odds, vaporware appears as a compete product, exceeding all your expectations? then youll love this game"
76561198091949345,Recommended,230070,23156403,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,"First thing you should know: I'm not the kind player that ""replay"" games. Once I get the ""The End"" it's over.And the thing is: I replayed this game like 6 times and even though I didn't get to end it most of times I did had a lot of fun every time.The game could be better (in mechanics and art mainly) though so I do hope there is a sequence that achieve that!"
76561197994613061,Recommended,230070,31793410,Posted: 16 May,all,blackmoondev,"This is a super solid RPG game.The world setting is really unique and there's a pretty cool story in the game.Combat is extremely hard, but you can finish the game without fighting (which is equally hard).It's worth mentioning, that the whole game is set - there's no random encounters, respawned enemies etc.This means exp is a sort of a finished resource (as well as all other resources in the game which are finite).Overall - although I was cursing and ragequiting the game often - I consider this game one of the top RPGs ever made."
76561198071807740,Recommended,230070,18375469,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Franky,"Age of Decadence is easily the best RPG I've played in years. I consider it one of my favorites alongside the original Fallout and Arcanum. My first playthrough didn't have any combat at all but was full of intrigue, amazing choices for a 'talky' character and fascinating world building and lore.My second playthrough as a combat character was just as much fun. The combat difficulty curve is a little steep, but once you get the hang of it you truly get a sense of accomplishment from every battle you manage to win. This game doesn't hold your hand and takes you seriously as a player.It's a thougt-provoking game that makes you stop and consider the ethics of a post-apocalyptic Rome at every turn. The graphics may not look like much at first glance with obvious engine limitation, but the art direction is top notch and the atmosphere it creates is a feast for everyone with a little imagination. Truly a masterpiece in the genre. The only complaint I have is that there isn't more of it."
76561198028561187,Recommended,230070,19424412,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[AC],"I started my game as a drifter, wanted to be an hornorable man as Lord Eddard Stark. As the story went, I ended up becoming everything I hate just to stay alive. Oh my, this game feels so real.If you like stories, full of surprise, unexpected events, twisted plots, choice matters, then give this game a try.love it :)"
76561198053776860,Recommended,230070,18895522,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,a_c_ulusoy,"A very well done game - a lot of interesting material to discover. It is true that is initially challenging and takes a while to create the correct character build, but after that I find the game very well balanced and a deep RPG experience. AoD exceeds by far, in my opinion, the failed attempts like Wasteland 2 or Pillars of Eternity."
,Recommended,230070,19423827,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jonas,"Great game!I thouroughly enjoyed the character creation and replayability of the game. Choices matter, both what skills and attributes you choose, but also what you decide to do in the game world. High points for me were both the branching quests and story lines and the turn-based combat.Low points would be the fact that the end game feels a bit more limited compared to the start in terms of what you can do. The art to me was nicely directed and felt coherent and suitable for the setting, still, I can imagine someone finding the art and graphics a bit lacking. Doesn't really matter to me.I recommend anyone with a fleeting interest in old-scool, hardcore RPGs (whatever that may mean to you) to check out the free demo and see if you like the, slightly unusual, way the game plays. I certainly did and got many hours of quality entertainment from it."
76561198066695747,Recommended,230070,22745102,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cracker Jack,"Awesome! A very imersive game, and with different play styles you can get 2-3 good play throughs of the content. For those who love isometric RPGs this game is good. Written for an adult audience. Sex, gore, death and unwinable situations make this game realistic and sometimes you have to make hard choices that hurt people.Want to be a hero? Expect to die a lot. If you want to do a lot of fighting, join the imperial guard or the assassins, but i wouldn't in your first play through."
76561197965757516,Recommended,230070,18431467,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Bas da Graca,"An highly addicting RPG with lots of choices! Multiple playthroughs possible and highly recommended.This game is one of the best RPG I have ever played. Why? Well this game is really unique in how much influence you have as player on the story. Normally games usually 1 linear story or maybe 2 stories (a good player/evil player) this game goes way beyond that. There are also a lot of endings that are really different from eachother. I have over 100 hours in this game and I can honestly say I still dont have seen everything. The good thing is you can play this game without ever having to be in combat. Most games dont give that option.The combat system itself is turnbased and has some pretty unique animations. Also you multiple choices how to build your character for combat if you desire. Playing an assassin with dagger is really different than playing a fully armoured soldier with a shield. I find the combat system pretty satisfying and there is an arena in the game.One thing to remember is that this game actually need mutiple playthroughs. If you play the game right it in theory it can be finished in a couple of hours, especially if you avoid combat. There are a lot of factions and houses which can be joined with unique storieslines. It is highly recommned to play these at least once. The background lore is really deep. If you play the skill ""Lore"" right you will enter a whole new universe beneath this game.Music in this game is pretty good and gives you the right feeling for the location/setting.Are there any flaws in this games? Well, this game has the tendecy to need knowledge of min/maxing skills and attributes. If you like to succeed certain ""skillrolls"" be aware that sometimes you will have to reload. Sometimes you need certain skills to be high enough or else you block a certain storyline. Personally I did enjoy finding the exact right build for characters but i can imagine not everybody likes taking time for this.This game is on discount today for 50%. It is easily one of my favorite games and I came back again to play it after a year.  Even when I finished it multiple times. This means it is highly addictive to play."
76561198007738050,Recommended,230070,18750765,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Wulfhramn,"Age of Decadence is like well prepared, carefully planned meal, that was removed from the oven a little too soon.It's still delicious, and you don't regret eating it, but you can't help but think it would have been better if it had stayed in the oven a little longer.The game starts off quite strong, and if each location in the game had the same level of detail as Teron (the starting city), I would have no regrets giving it my unqualified support.Unfortunately, as the game gets progresses, it appears the developpers had less and less time to add the little details that help build the game's atmosphere.  In Teron, every doorway has a description when you mouse over it, NPCs have time to chat, and it feels as though you have dozens of possibilities of where you take your character.   As the game progresses, it feels as though the options become more restricted, and there are less sidepaths to take for your personal story.I can understand that after 10 years development, there is a desire to finally get the darn thing out of the door - but it appears (from my perspective) that the later sections of the game have less attention to detail compared to the earlier sections.Now don't get me wrong - Age of Decadence is a wonderful old-school game, and I heartily wish there were more games like it being developped.  I feel that if this game had been released in the late-90s it would have develloped a cult following, similar to Arcanum.  The writing is of a higher quality than most games released today, and the game's lore leaves you wanting to dig up every scrap you can in this dusty world.In the end, do not let any of the above discourage you - it is a fantastic game, it is only the aftertaste that leaves one wondering how much greater it could have been."
,Recommended,230070,20382992,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Nameless One,"Considering how differently the game plays based on what type of character you choose, I should preface this review by saying that I played as a loremaster on my playthrough (though I plan on replaying the game and trying other roles).Age of Decadence offers most one of the most unique and interesting settings I've encountered in an RPG. It's a post-apocalyptic world in a Roman & Arabian inspired setting. However, as you explore more of the world and discover some of its long lost secrets, you'll also find elements of fantasy and sci-fi as well. It makes for a strange & interesting mixture but the game manages to pull it off without making the world feel random and incoherent.In terms of gameplay, if you play the game as non-combat based character, it plays less like a typical CRPG and a lot more like an adventure game with stat-based dialog checks and a heavy emphasis on choices & consequences and non-linear progression.One of the great things about the game is that there's practically no filler content. There are no tedious slogs through boring dungeons or endless waves of repetitive combat encounters. The game also has a fast travel system that lets you instantly teleport between locations, something I'm not a huge fan of in most RPGs but here it actually works in the game's favor. This results in the game being on the shorter side for this type of game (it will take you about 15 hours on your first playthrough but I can easily see someone finishing the game in around 5 hours on repeat playthroughs). However, considering the game just begs to be replayed multiple times, this is something you'll appreciate.The biggest issue with AoD is that it doesn't make the greatest first impression. The starting area is visually the least interesting area in the game and a lot of the stuff you do in the starting area is relatively mundane compared to what's in store later in the game. Also, the 3D graphics and top-down viewpoint don't work well together, resulting in you constantly having to rotate the camera. But if you can get past these things, you'll find an incredibly compelling world to explore where you'll go to any length to learn more about its secrets (like sacrificing a whole bunch of slaves!)Highly recommended for fans of turn-based CRPGs with a heavy emphasis on replayibility & choices and consequences. Actually, due to the variety of playstyles available, even if you're not a fan of turn-based combat, I'd still recommend trying to play it more like an adventure game with a non-combat character just to experience the setting and story (I completed the game without once getting into combat)."
,Recommended,230070,18182286,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Thaux,"I wont write a long paragraph of why this game is great, and innovative.Instead I implore you to watch this video I made on the game itself. And judge for yourself weather or not this is a game that is for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2Ya7N9lTcA&feature=youtu.be"
76561198025259518,Recommended,230070,18182693,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sobriquet,"Great game, especially for the price, highly recommended.Happily play through half a dozen times to try different characters and story lines.James Dudding."
76561198057038727,Recommended,230070,19007983,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ryal,One of the best RPG games released recently.Already completed it by thief and loremaster. Now planning to start for legionary.
76561198076171775,Recommended,230070,18199450,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,periostas,"Smart, difficult game; choices truly matter and shaoe the game woirld. High replayability and excellent combat mechanics. Buy it, play it, and pay for a sequel."
,Recommended,230070,19302098,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,The Darkness,"I enjoyed it, and someday very soon I will finish it! It has mechanics that makes people like me OBSESS over little details, hence unlimited rerolls, and I've only played 1 class (but in so many ways)! I'd recommend this for min/maxers and tinkerers looking for a new toy to disassemble and mapout."
76561198104965963,Recommended,230070,18896083,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bodexpiatorio,"GREAT!Lots of hours played and i still enjoy discovering more about the lore :).See, as a 30+ years old pc gamer and long time RPG player (tabletop and pc), im easily bored by most games i play nowadays.Im clueless to pinpoint the reasons for this gaming ""ennui"". On the other hand, this boredom makes me really treasure games that can stimulate, challenge and entertain me for more than 3 hours :).This is one such game!Give it try and seek your own conclusions!THERE IS A FREE DEMO!"
76561198082998800,Recommended,230070,14072053,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,tg,"Wonderfull game -- not for everyone, though! Please, do check out the free demo before you buy it.It's hard but rewarding. A unique experience definitely. You won't be able to run around doing fetch quests or kill hordes of rats for xp. But! The quests that you will be able to do are all well crafted and really thought out, while every fight is a struggle for survival where no one can feel safe.Great game for the lovers of cRPGs, but more importantly -- for people who can appreciate the wonderful story and harsh challenges that the game provides."
,Recommended,230070,17041615,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,hal9000,"There's a reason why there hasn't been a single negative review in a long time. If you are looking for that RPG where every choice is meaningful, every stat and skill matters, and the story consumes you, you found it. The setting is unique, resembling some kind of post-apocalyptic ancient Rome with echoes of Cthulthu. Making comparisons to anything is difficult because the story is so fresh. The dialog is perfectly written, with hints of straight-faced humor mixed in with vivid evocations of a harsh world. There are so many branching plots, choices and consquences it's amazing the devs were able to keep track of it at all. And your choices matter big time. They shape the story and yourself. All stats and skills are viable, and have a major effect on how the game plays out. Each time I have played has been very different. I have played every major RPG since the 80's, and then some, and I have no problem stating this game has the highest replay value of all time. There are a tremendous number of story branches, often opening up new locations, NPCs, subquests and the like on successive plays. Graphics are passable but fit well, extracting the most from the simple 3D engine. Sound is excellent if repetitive, some stirring battle tunes and eerie wasteland dirges, Combat is turn-based and very satisfying, fairly deep, but heavily RNG based in it's current form. There are tons of special attacks and techniques, and each invididual weapon has a different set of them. You can develop very different strategies depending on weapon choice, what kind of defense you choose, enemy armor, etc., and strategy does matter; learn or die. If you choose to spec into it, there is a crafting system with about 10 weapon types, armor, shields, helms, alchemy, etc. And then there's the skill checks. Friends, if you want your choices (in stats and in dialog) to matter, hoo boy.  Skill checks can be visible, hidden, or a combination. Sometimes they will be linear, branching, chained together and so on. And don't think your  stats will only be checked in combat, oh no. You can slash your way through, but I don't recommend it on your first try...this game is tough, like the setting it lives in. You can solve problems with thievery, stealth, oratory, assassination or any number of techniques, I highly recommend you try it out. The demo is free, and while the game has made huge strides since it's release, it does give a good feel for the gameplay.  The Early Access is very playable, stable and it's a good sized game as it stands, but more is always being added. The devs are extremely responsive; I submitted a bug report and devs literally fixed it within minutes of recieving my email. Buy this game."
76561198120551263,Recommended,230070,26205420,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SlimDuggins,"Crazy difficulty, high customization, and widely branching story lines make this a one of a kind RPG. Combat can be a nightmare but the rewards and sense of accomplishment that come with taking each step is arguably unrivaled in RPG gaming. Do your research before buying, but if it sounds like your type of game, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198069605525,Recommended,230070,18527422,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,rgjack,I died in my first battle.
,Recommended,230070,19429562,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Real Cake,"People can complain about the graphics all they want, but even after only 3.5 hours of playtime, I stopped caring about that almost as soon as I began playing. Buy this game regardless of whether you like RPGs or not, it just might change your opinion on them (in a good way). This is a very well made game, and while it has crashed on me once, the devs seem to be very on top of things so I see even more possibility. Buy it."
,Recommended,230070,20123841,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Caelus,"its been a cool game, dialogue choices are different depending on what skills you have so your skills open up different dialogue which can then lead to finding some special artifacts, secret loot or opening up entirely different branches of quests and moving story in different direction. i really liked that aspect of the game, real role play where your skills really do matter in both what they do and in interation and dialogue choices.this is a propper rpg in that sense. id love to se more games have the skills this meaningful.the combat is quite tricky too depending on skill, even beelining direct for combat focused builds and pumping all stats into your area of combat expertise will still have hard combat. i have only done 1 playthrough so far and thats been around 25 hours, was combat focused build, still didnt beat arena champion (hes still too tough for my 200 kills character with maxed block and maxed axe) and i sill could go back into that save and finish off a few other things that i left/didnt do, so that could have easily been a 30 hour game if i didnt rush towards the end.i only rushed towards end part, not out of boredom and wanting it to end, but because at end part all the mysteries and truth of the world really open up and it makes you curious, so my curiosity made me rush end bit.a solid rpg, decent dificulty, good story, makes roman theme cool again! ....would be awesome if they made one set furthur back in timeline to the events that ruined the world, thatd be a cool game that id buy instantly.game lacks party though, your just yourself, 1 dude. would be awesome if i could find another game like this with party too, would be epic."
76561198032081611,Recommended,230070,20022157,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"This game is simply amazing. These guys knew how to make a classic RPG.  No fan fare, no shiny effects, just really good writing and raw RPG gravity.  It'll suck you in.  And most likely spit you out."
,Recommended,230070,18949386,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Aluuvian,Truly a gem! Take your time and immerse yourself in amazing world. Pick your fights wisely since you are not a hero just one of many trying to survive in this merciful world.
76561198031801890,Recommended,230070,15657335,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Axa,"Original. Deep. Ambitious.Critics say it's flawed, buggy, unfinished or not like 'insert game'. They're right. It *IS* flawed, buggy and unfinished - it's also one of the best games I've played in 20+ years of gaming. Years from now when the vast majority of other games have faded from my memory I will remember the Age of Decadence: the characters, the factions, the story, the setting, the dialogue, the hard choices.My thoughts on the writing:https://steamcommunity.com/app/230070/discussions/0/618458030689391718/?insideModal=1"
,Recommended,230070,18980935,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sound Rules,After finishing my first playthrough as a Praetor I was very satisfied with my experience and cannot recommend this game enough. Every run feels unique and your choices drastically change the outcome of your playthrough.If you're looking for a challenging and rewarding old school RPG then look no further than Age of Decadence.
,Recommended,230070,18438620,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,gay retard,The creation of AoD is quite possibly the most precious thing that has ever happened since the birth of Donald Trump.
76561198007983404,Recommended,230070,30717814,Posted: 24 March,all,OrcWhisperer,"I enjoyed this game.  If you like computer based role-playing games with strong crunch, you will probably like this.  If you don't know what I mean when I say crunch, maybe just give this the 1.9 hour try first.There are lots of paths to take, so pick a specific character build and play to your strengths.  You simply won't be able to do everything the first time through.  But I think that is a strength of this game, not a weakness."
76561198021122753,Recommended,230070,30505226,Posted: 14 March,all,Valdaya,"I absolutlely love this game,  it is challenging, fun, great storylines and the characters feel like they have a lot of depth, the npc's have obvious and definite personalities, so interesting how the act/react to different classes (charisma based I think). Hours and hours of fun await! Even playing as the merchant is fun!"
,Recommended,230070,31246422,Posted: 19 April,all,Adam,"While this game suffers from mediocre graphics and a crappy user interface, it's one of the better RPGs I've played, and it's more of an RPG than most other games that claim to be in the genre, because there's more choice and freedom to play how you want to play.The game supports three or four basic play styles (melee fighting, ranged fighting, and talking), which can be combined to some degree, and five different organizations to join, which give five different sets of quests throughout the game. The organizations are often in conflict and it's interesting to see the same events play out from other angles. This encourages and improves replayability, since you only get a piece of the truth on any given playthrough. There are also eight different backgrounds, which determine your initial start to the game, and a whole bunch of skills to specialize in, which shape your character in very different and powerful ways.The story is ostensibly about the squabbles between three lords and four guilds in a medieval setting, but there are clues that the story is actually set far in the future after a calamity destroyed civilization. Most characters won't be able to uncover the game's backstory, but with diligence, exploration, and a lot of skill points put into lore you can discover it, adding another layer of depth to the game, giving deeper meaning to and alternate explanations for various beliefs and legends, and providing enough fun to justify another playthrough. The writing is surprisingly good, too.The combat is challenging but fair. Bad luck can ruin your day sometimes, but by being smart and ensuring the odds are stacked as far as possible in your favor you can almost guarantee success, so you're not at the mercy of the RNG. It's important to know whennotto fight, too. The really difficult fights can all be skipped, and almost all fights can be avoided if you have other skills or simply avoid the situation entirely. If you really want to win every fight, you can make a purely combat-focused character, but it's nice that there are other ways of playing.Unfortunately, the game's user interface is pretty crappy. There aren't nearly enough keyboard shortcuts, too many repetitive clicks are needed to perform basic operations, and you'll often find yourself running around in frustration before eventually searching the web for the locations of various people because the game doesn't tell you where they are and doesn't mark them on a map. Precious few details are recorded in the in-game journal, so if you miss a bit of conversation you may again find yourself searching outside the game for clues. The game also makes it too easy to lose a battle due to a misclick, which is made more likely due to the number of clicks needed.Despite the poor UI design, the game is technically solid. I haven't seen a crash yet, and only a few minor bugs.Each playthrough should take about 8-12 hours (although you can do a speedrun much faster), and there's enough content to make at least three plays through the game worthwhile. There are a bunch of endings (six? eight? more?) for completionists, and they're all quite different. I haven't seen most of them, and many of them are secret, but that just means there's still more to discover!In short, if you can look past the slightly obnoxious interface, there's a great game in here. I bought it at full price and don't regret it one bit. I also very much appreciate that they have a demo, so if you're on the fence, feel free to give the demo a try!"
,Recommended,230070,30350717,Posted: 5 March,all,Tentacles and Happiness,extremely well written. Individual playthroughs are short but there are numerous endings (and even starting points) that makes the game very replayable. Really liked the setting of its story.
76561198121522221,Recommended,230070,30654953,Posted: 21 March,all,Girkbat,"I love the replay value in this game it makes you have to do multiple playthroughs all focusing on different things in order to get all endings instead of simply usuing the strategy of ""oh ill just save before the final bit"" and that you actually have to care about developing your charachter and not spreading to thin"
76561198008351525,Recommended,230070,20862908,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,XRunnerGay,"I've been following this game's development since it was just in its little babby shoes walking around a crappy worn down town getting viciously murdered by the occasional bum.And I'm proud to say that I adore how it's developed into the lovely post apocalyptic, Roman themed, beautifully atmosphered, cynical chunk of tough love that it is today.If you enjoy Romans, having a bad time, reading, post apocalyptic scenarios, turn based rpgs or getting killed by many variants of hungry homeless people, then I'd say give this game a shot. Just remember that the best way to learn what do to in this game is to die, alot."
76561198032154637,Recommended,230070,30356001,Posted: 6 March,all,Rv0000,+ Unique world setting.+ Great story and dialogue.+ Many choices and endings.+ High replayability.+ Great character customization. Many skills and statistic.+ Difficult Combat.+ Simple but good crafting and alchemy system.- Bad graphic.- Terrible animation.- Bugs.
,Recommended,230070,30892269,Posted: 1 April,all,Sigfried,"This is a wonderful RPG that breaks the usual mold. As the authors note, that may mean you hate it, but I loved it. /i have played through the story 6 times so far yet I feel there is more to discover. (I did much of my play on my wife's steam account so not many hours logged here).In AOD story is king and the what background you choose for your character will dramatically alter your play experience. You cannot under any circumstances do everything there is to do in the game in one playthrough. Each background, provided you follow through with it, will give you different experiences and opportunities. Each will be part of the same overarching narrative, but the part you play in it will vary wildly and the outcomes are pretty wide open.Most gameplay is driven by dialog choices, so in that sense this is something like a grand choose your way adventure crossed with a more traditional RPG. You can play the game through to its conclusion without a single combat, or, you can resolve nearly every conflict with violence.  But not all paths are equal in this freedom. Choose to be an Assassin and you had best be prepared to kill. Choose the life of a merchant and you really should re-think any attempt to intimidate the local brigands.Some reviewers complain that the gaim railroads your choices, but that is not the case. What it does is meet out consequences for your decisions and choices. If you want to sweet talk your way to greatness, invest heavily in skills and stats that support that, and then stick to that game plan. If you want to fight, you had best be the most hardened warrior you can imagine because the game is not going to cut you any slack. Every character cannot do everything. If you want to experience the full breadth of the game, you must play it more than once, choosing a different approach each time to see what can happen.Combat is unforgiving but you can master it. The key, like other areas of the game, is specialization. Pick a fighting style and master it. Choose one of the two defenses, and any of the weapon types. Keep those capped out, learn the system, and you should do fine. All in all, it's easier to talk your way through this game than to fight, but some avenues are only open to those with the steele to master combat.Many games promise multiple endings, and they tend to come down to some final binary choice, but AOD truly has a wide range of outcomes and combinations that will change your fate, and the fate of the world. You can choose who rules, rule yourself, destroy the wold, become a god, become a slave, and more. Looking at the achievements will give you a good idea what is possible but it won't make discovering how to achieve them any easier.This is a game about breadth rather than length. One play through will only be a few hours (unless you spend a lot of time fighting which takes longer). But I found myself going back again and again because every play through was an opportunity to take different paths and make new discoveries. In that respect it is one of the riches RPGs I've played, and I've played a lot in the last 30 years."
76561198009201274,Recommended,230070,20775258,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Grant,"Great game, really haven't played any other like it. Combat is tough, but very rewarding once you become more powerful. The non-combat element was also revolutionary in my opinion, with all of the different choices etc it was very enjoyable/rewarding to build a very charasmatic character, along with the political scheming, this game is on point. Can't wait to see future upodates/expansions, the sooner the better!"
,Recommended,230070,26486854,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Trash Wizard,"A modern must-play for fans of classic CRPGs like Fallout 1 &/or 2, PlaneScape: Torment, etc..This is a really awesome CRPG in every way except for its graphic & controls.  I'm gonna be completely honest: the camera is far from good.  It's kind of like Fallout 1 & 2 in that way... & in many others... & those are still 2 of my favorite games of all time.  It's kind of like a low-magic, post-apocalyptic, Lovecraftian medieval sci-fi/fantasy Fallout 2.  & that's a compliment.  The writing is incredible, & the player choices are some of the most varied, interesting, & meaningful I've ever seen in a game.  Moreso than in Fallout 1 or 2, actually.  The stat system is really interesting too.  Basically every non-combat ability/skill check has its own formula to determine if the player fails or succeeds (& I think sometimes how extremely they do so).  It makes for a really minimalistic yet deep RPG experience at the same time, which is really interesting & cool.  It's also cool how you hardly have to kill anyone if you don't want to & if you can manage to resolve conflicts in other ways.  (Maybe you don't have to kill a single living creature; I'm not really sure.)  I really hope they come back to this & update the graphics & controls, though.  Maybe they should hire a new programmer for the latter part.  I'm not really sure.  Their writer(s?) & 2d artist(s?) are clearly fantastic, though.Edit:  Some updates that have come out since I originally wrote this review have fixed certain graphics settins/features so that they now work properly on more systems without slowing the game down to the point of it being unplayable.  So, if you're new here: yes, it used to be worse.  That's not uncommon with new games these days, though."
76561198052387668,Recommended,230070,21670438,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,purv_is,Good game. I really like the way it plays differently for the different classes and if you choose different skill sets while leveling. The player character customization is also excellent every point makes a noticable difference. Another point in it's favor is that it does not really hold your hand through the quests you can actually miss a lot in this game if you do not explore. Yet another plus is it make take some searching but it seems they put multiple ways to finish many of the quests.  The combat is tough but fair. I look forward to seeing more offerings from this company.
,Recommended,230070,30455335,Posted: 11 March,all,QuizTheCannon,"This is one of the better games I've played in a long time. The lore behind this game is very interesting, truly an age of decadence(Cultural decline due to obsession with wealth and fortune). This is a turn-based game that is very difficult, however each time you die, you learn more about what you might have to do in order to survive. Since this is a 'Choices Matter', its often better to avoid fighting if you can and thats what makes this game amazing. There are 8 classes and with 7 Reputation groups along with a large variety of skills to train. Age of Decadence has a large variety of extensive dialogues which makes the game more interesting and easier to get into. Its very etiquette in its details, and really allows you to make your own choices in a lot of ways, granted it is a Linear game. I often found myself stuck on deciding on what to do, because the decisions were that interesting and difficult to make. The only con I'd give would be the fact that once I ended up beating the end game content, I felt there could have been more. Overall I'd give the game a 9/10. Very good game, especially if you like Tabletops and medieval style games."
76561198020133761,Recommended,230070,20480167,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,daveguermonprez,Great game not for the faint of heart.
,Recommended,230070,22083539,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sisjkapisjka,Best RPG of the past 10 years.
76561197998460206,Recommended,230070,21750929,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,|SW|Spendo99,"Short and sweet review...This is a very fun and deep game for people who enjoy strategy + saving and reloading many times! Tons of replayability and deep customization in that there is a great multitude of items, craftability, and alchemy :DI would only caution that this game is not for children as the language is filthy, has many sexual themes, and the game is incredibly violent."
,Recommended,230070,24207503,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,El_Elegante,"Despite a harsh learning curve, I wholeheartedly recommend this game. The gameplay/plot has choices and consequences that remind me of the best parts of Fallout 1 and New Vegas, though the settings couldn't be more different. The setting feels adult and mature without being either grimdark or humorless."
76561198021908196,Recommended,230070,24698434,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tombapic,"I played many RPG... all kind, this game is one of the best.Original universe, the story take place in a post-apocalyptique Roman empire full of mysterious ruins where people fight for survival, a golden past or peace.Well written, you will make difficult choice where you have to truly think, do you really trust that lord to who you just swear loyalty? Doesn't i look more and more like a go-to-war dictator?Good and bad are kind a blurry in ""Age of Decadence"".Your choices will have consequences that you will see, will you help the mongols or not? Who is gonna rule the first city and how?The gameplay is good, not perfect for my taste but good, battle or dialogue are never the same so you won't get bored.I have only 2 reals critiques to make, the game is not going to blow your mind with his graphism.The second is: the game is to short, i wish the universe was more rich, more factions to join or betrayel, more cultures to meet, more NPC.When you realise this is the worst thing you have to say about a game you known it's a very good one.Honestly if the most important thing in a game for you is the story/universe you can buy ""Age of Decadence"" with your eyes close."
,Recommended,230070,25785435,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Insane Tengu,Hard. Unforgiving. Full of choices.As any true RPG should be.
76561197977068032,Recommended,230070,27269310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Br.Des,"Pros:- One of the few RPGs that really provides different experience depending on your character class.- Every single quest has different outcomes and walkthoughts.- Very high replayability.- Choices matter and will always come back to bite you.- Don't expect to steamroll through every battle when playing as a fighter. Even 1vs2 fights can be very hard at the beginning.Cons:- Quite short (although, this is partly nulified by replayability).- Graphics may scare off some people."
76561198335768436,Recommended,230070,30392022,Posted: 8 March,all,GreyHunter,"Being a steam 'newbie' and having a small collection of games (17) this is the first one that has really inspired me to write a review. (Picked this game up on steam sale = totally worth it + bought it for a friend)Having played this religiously since picking it up (played on offline steam mode and have missed a few steam rewards and hours clocked, grrrrrr....) I have been addicted. The scope of this game is immense and its appeal to the variable nature of EVERYTHING you do, makes this a goodie and so worth it. E.g. you could play as IDENTICAL starting build 6 times, and you still would be surprised on the 7th go that there was something you have missed or could do differently based on which skills you chose to up..(23 skills i think in total) and there are 7 classes.. statistically speaking, you would need to employ an actuary to give you the permutations =PTo give a quick example, after playing this for 4hrs, dying 33 times, having 51 cigarettes and 8L of coke, I was in a total WTF head space.. how could this be.. I have never sucked so hard in my life and here I am being killed by 2 thugs in the starting town!!! My fast attacks are cheap and can hit, but wow that armour just absorbs EVERYTHING!!! Could I please get the number for that blacksmith to fix my car?!? My advice, adapt your perception you RPG loving junkies and your world will be turned on its head =)The story is well thought through, the alignment is great (your character can be good, evil, pious, greedy, fake, your call human controller - had a bad day,? Make the NPC's suffer) story is amazing, tension is awesome (did I make the right decision... dammit.. not sure.. reload?... too late... will try next time...)Definately a favourite and recommended to the worldPS Only suggestion I would have is to include a cryptic clue/puzzle rythm on the artifacts to give you some guidance of where I need to use these goodies.. takes a lot of trial and error and wow you can dump many hours into it.. maybe @ lore 5 under item description you remember hearing this verse somewhere to do with this item of history.. people know that jellyfish don't fly right?"
,Recommended,230070,20388216,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,gothisdead,"This is a great game, but it has a steep learning curve.  You have to focus your points, don't spread them around.  Combat takes awhile to understand and master."
,Recommended,230070,18622018,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,fuldry,"You loved Fallout 1 & 2 ?You loved Pillars of Eternity ?Buy this gem, multiple paths around the game, multiple endings, a real post ap feeling, while staying close to the Roman Empire theme.A gem."
76561198163859835,Recommended,230070,19048039,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,d12hill,"This game has great writing, with compelling stories and many routes to take.  It is not perfect, and at times things feel like they unfold too quickly, but it is still a step above most other RPGs out there.  I look forward to continue playing under the many styles available."
76561198075376820,Recommended,230070,18651480,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Elbragkol,"Great RPG. I love the post-apocolyptic post Greco-Egyptian-Roman world that it is set in. The storyline feels very historical at points, but completely original. The learning curve was excellent as I've come to despise being spoon fed for the first half an RPG. You sink or swim immediately. It has all the elements that made Fallout one of the most memorabe games ever. The replayability so far seems quite extensive and there is a lot of possibilty on the horizon for this game to expand down the road."
,Recommended,230070,33393942,Posted: 8 July,all,SSG Cavazos [187th],This game is amazing. Is like being addicted to Baldur's Gate II all over again.
76561198033419089,Recommended,230070,22245592,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Carnus,"It looks dated as hell, the character creation is nowhere near as detailed as it should be and no matter what you do your first characters will suck in so many ways that it's depressing.Love this game. When reviews say it's hard, they don't mean that it's a hard game. the game is not that hard at all. The difficulty comes from retraining yourself in how to think about what you're doing. This is most pronounced at the beginning when you have to really specialise and the forst city, Teron, really highlights the number of options for a lot of the quests. Most of the options will not be open to you, or you will have no idea you're even missing them.It's a clever game that makes you want to try it again a different way simply becuase you can't create a god-like character. Shame on you IronTower Studio!"
76561198076495316,Recommended,230070,14074618,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,newageofpower,"-Do you hate giant worlds of bland, procedurally generated content filled with meaningless ""quests"" and storylines?-Do you hanker for absolutely brutal, highly realistic and utterly unforgiving combat?-Do you enjoy fine tuning character builds where every single point matters?If all of the above apply to you, Age of Decadenceis definitelymightbe the game for you.The game is about one character, set in a post apocalytpic civilization that seems to once have had both Star-Trek like miracletech, like Force Shields and Holographic Emitters, not to mention teleportation gates, but also some serious anachronisms; Sentient Animated Stone Guardians are armed with swords (forged from Meteoric iron, but still a sword), the Old World was ruled by a Techno-religious priesthood with superpowers... and I should stop the spoilers.=DI've found this game incredibly enjoyable. The replay value is off the charts, the variability of combat and builds and story choices are all tied into each other in a way that only years of painstaking, laborous work by a true master can achieve.This isn't just a game, it's the creator's vision chiseled out of Torque with manually constructed storyboards, sanded down with gorgeous art and music, then polished bythousandsof hours of playtesting - tens of thousands if you count the volunteers.This game isn't for everyone, but for us hardcore nuts, there is no equal."
76561198120706677,Recommended,230070,14815475,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mdaokl,"This game is brilliant. If in fallout 2 you have a few quests where one can choose one path or another - here its only a few encounters where you have no choice, doesnt mean that that choice wont bite you - but hey sometimes you get the bear, sometimes bear gets you. In this game bear gets you a lot - so a lot of different saves may be a good idea since one may want to roll events back a bit and change taken path (have never seen any game with so much opportunity for betrayal).Other thing that sets this game apart is that you see plotline from different viewpoints - say you a merchant - you set some things in motion and later as you play as an assasin or a thief you get to play part in events. It doent take your previous self actions in consideration, but sometimes i was like ""hey, i did that"" or ""huh, so that how it went"". In any role you have number of paths, number of ways to change at least some details of the story.Ofc combat is hard, and getting harder as i write this (AI improved). But its true only if one wants a character that capable both speaking and fighting at the same time. Only a portion of content is availible for any character - more you want to bite - harder it will be to chew. Plus there is skillpoint managment - hard to anticipate what levels would be needed to pass this or that check - so going in blindly and failing only to load and come back prepared is essential part of the game. Ofc here you can affort to fail sometimes and there is some fun in that, but later when you know a lot you can design a character and path that it would take kinda like prisonbreak simulation."
76561197962678832,Recommended,230070,18592606,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Naserve,A great DnD influenced RPG. A lot of ways to approach things and a lot of different character types with their own paths.
76561197990269825,Recommended,230070,22623022,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,M. Ridley,"Very different experience from typical RPGs. You can kill everyone you meet, yes, but you can also manipulate people and talk your way out of 98% of the game's encounters. You can play politics, gain favor and trust from liege lords, then betray that trust for further personal gain. Extremely replayable and highly recommended if you're looking for a different RPG experience. Not recommended if you don't like to read."
76561197994321686,Recommended,230070,18793446,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,markelphoenix,"Phenomenal, so many people need to get in on this."
,Recommended,230070,31991760,Posted: 27 May,all,Tall Paul,"So many games claim to offer big branching paths. Yet, when they're replayed, one finds that there were only a few superficial changes implemented.The Age of Decadence doesn't do that though. The mad ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s actually wrote in almost every reasonable choice for every scenario. I don't want to spoil anything, but these decisions are important, and change the course of the game. Your decisions have weight to them. The time to implement and test of all these must have beem staggering, and goes a long way to explain the game's eleven years of development.The combat system is fine. It's very brutal unless you play a pure combat character, which I like. Don't put a lot of points into combat and taking on three thugs becomes a massive challenge. In the post-Divinity: Original Sin world though, combat options can start to feel limited, especially when you're playing a melee character where the decision is usually ""How many attacks can I fit into 1 turn?"". Combat does at least tie into the post-apocalyptic theme well though by limiting consumables severly, making the decision of whether or not to use them an agonzing choice, especially in the early game.The world is good, but if you don't put points into Lore you'll miss out on a lot of it. My first playthrough as a pure combat soldier left me scratching my head when I beat the final boss. A second run as a loremaster filled in a lot of the gaps though. The writing is good stuff, although you need to read carefully in order to follow what's going on.Aesthitically, the game's visuals are servicable. They appear quite dated in a lot of areas, which can probably be chalked up to the game's long development. While rarely pretty, they at least do not offend with poor astheatic decisions, unlike other games (*cough* Oblivion *cough*). Honestly, if you're playing this game, you're probably not the kind of person who gets hung up on dated visuals.In short, this is a quality cRPG that challenges a lot of the modern trends in the genre, usually with success. While there are some faults, the overall experience is enjoyable."
,Recommended,230070,18498833,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Syrophir,"Definitely worth a good look if you like CRPGs, we need more games like this or Planescape. Get ready to min/max, read walls of text, make some choices and maybe still get your butt hurt. :3"
76561198052184215,Recommended,230070,18523789,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Donny Don't,Overall I think this is a good game. The combat is not perfectly blalanced and the way the skill tests are designed can cause  some frustration but once you accept these things and play around them you're in for a good time. The strongest point of the game is possibly its atmosphere and setting. The questions at the heart of The Age of Decadence drive you forward and keep you playing through the difficult combat. Even having to re-start the game with a new character because your current one is unable to progress due to the way you have chosen to allocate your skills seems worth it. I give this game a 4/5.
76561198112524330,Recommended,230070,20308010,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cpt. Picard,"This game delivers.Its hard, but realy enjoyable after you figure out how to play it.Oh, and its not for dumbasses."
76561198039649369,Recommended,230070,8970173,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,kshon_000,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Great difficulty, immersive dystopian roman game world, good characters and storylines, lots of different ways to play. If you are looking for a challenging tactical rpg with great replay value this is it. If you want to feel godlike and wade through dead enemies, I'd head elsewhere.1) High difficulty/you are not god. Not every fight/situation is win-able sometimes it's best to avoid an area/quest/person. I love this because it really enhances a feeling of realism/roleplay.2) Immersive dystopian game world with tons of lore and a basis in roman history. I think that speaks for itself.3) Characters and storylines. This definitely added to the immersion. Characters have their own personalities and motivations and on top of that, it always feels like everyone is trying to attain those goals (and stay alive, of course).4) Lots of different ways to play. This should probably be at the top. While there are 8 ""origins"" you can choose to do pretty much anything you want with those origins. Want to be a thief with no sneak or lockpick and opt for disguise and persuasion? Go ahead. Want to completely screw with the system and play a hammer wielding, shield bearing thief with 0 social/subterfuge skills? Sure (though you may not last long if you keep thieving). But let's sum it up this way, I have 5 different Assassin files. Every single one is following a completely different path (some more succesfully than others).To be fair there are a couple of issues I have with the game as it stands now (early Feb 2014). I'm sure others have mentioned many of these (although the game is still a work in progress so hopefully these will be fixed):1) saves are sometimes problematic. You can't save during combat (good), but sometimes you don't get to save between combats or for prolonged periods of dialogue which can cause you to repeat certain game sections more than necessary. Also autosaves would've been helpful.2) heavy armor and block are almost useless (although this is possibly my incompetence). I have only ever been successful with dagger and dodge in combat. Also, dagger is overpowered (which while I do enjoy sometimes should probably be fixed).3) Not quite enough non-combat quests for certain classes in early game (this I definitely expect to be fixed by the end)4) This might be intentional, but sometimes you get into a conversation with someone and get stuck at a dead end of the conversation where you only have one or two options, neither of which has a chance of success, and can't back out with a neutral or non-committal answer. These are at points I wouldn't expect (as opposed to the time I screwed up and put my poor character in a death-death situation). Again, it might be intentional and if you save frequently it's not too bad."
76561198086574314,Recommended,230070,18516743,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,NoodleyOne,"Not for everyone, but for those it's for, it is fantastic."
76561198051010431,Recommended,230070,18283474,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Pdox,AoD is an excellent modern take on the classic CRPG formula.
,Recommended,230070,18530455,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Politically Incorrect Gamer,"I haven't beaten (and I'm pretty sure not close to), but it is an exceptionally well done game and if you like RPGs, and aren't a huge fan of graphics or it doesn't matter to you, you should probably pick it up.Let's be real: it's better than anything EA has ever done."
76561198038558772,Recommended,230070,23356227,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Verkkosissi,"This is just awesome. Combat is hard but nothing you can´t handle with good combat skills, bombs, poisons, alchemical fires and couple of loads.Wating the developers new project"
76561198001915811,Not Recommended,230070,21508004,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,dominic.saltarelli,"Mind numbingly slow. In every way. Nearly every decision you have to make regarding how to complete a quest and how to develop your character is a trial and error ordeal of figuring out new ways to die. Most combat situations are explicitly there to serve as dead ends, literally. So if you thought of being some super bad assassin, pouring all of your points into crossbow, dagger, and dodge, you will still find yourself in an unwinnable fight before even leaving the first town. While an interesting and glorious death it may be, ultimately it is simply a lesson in what not to do. So you have to start a new game all over again, and try again with different stats and hope for the best. This makes the entire gameplay experience rather tedious overall. A fact that is compounded by the unforgiveably slow movement speed of your character. I liken the hours I've put in so far to the punishment of Sisyphus, with the boulder rolling back down the hill for a different reason each time. Good premise, good dialog, promising combat engine, solid world building, but so agonizingly slow that it saps all the fun out.Some suggestions to turn this game into something wonderful:- INCREASE MOVEMENT SPEED!- more side quests to earn points for character development- stat boosting equipment to give your character that extra flexibility in addressing situations, like a bloodstained tunic that boosts streetwise when worn, a make-up kit that improves impersonation if it is in your inventory, soft shoes that improve sneak, craftable picks that improve lockpick, perfume that improves etiquette, etc..."
76561198000569309,Recommended,230070,18242243,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ghost1,Awesome game. Doesn't spoon feed. Rich. Many avenues to take and explore.
,Recommended,230070,18057462,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Tikure,"Where to begin? This is a one of kind brutal turn base RPG, set in a Ancient Era of the Roman Empire. While there is influences of the Khans, and Egpytians the complex culture that exists in this world. The monsters in this world are the people, and how far everyone is willing to go to stay alive and keep their head out of water. And spare their miserable souls to the heiarchy of the gods.You will be lied to, you will be cheated, and many times you'll find your ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; warrior being taken down by four thugs armed with nothing but shivs and pants. However, not every battle is optional. Using your insight to find the lies within their dialogue and making decisions that suit your best interest of survival.Combat is brutal, as everyone else on these reviews may tell you. While functioning on a map that is color coated based on your mobility the game will help you make ""smarter"" decisions when battling people. It will not hold your hand as you choose the best options each turn. Similar to the fallout V.A.T.S. where the character may choose a limb and strike at the location to of the enemy to cripple them or an advantage they carry over you.The dialogue is superb, and the characters all their level of charm. Each offering different dialogue choices on how they feel about you, where you come from and where you stand with other political affilates. There are multiple options, and so many paths that the story will have you wanting to see every side.I will be honest, the audio and graphics are nothing special to look at, and at times a sense of world interaction seems empty. It would have been cool to interact with the world around you more and utilize it in taking advantges whether it be the height of a tower, or a small doorway to fight enemies one at a time. There are times the game does this but I wish I would have seen more.Overall, this game is great. It has a free demo, so if anything do what I did and try it. After a while once you truly, ""understand the system"" you will appreciate the game so much more. Try it out, the money is worth it."
,Recommended,230070,19298811,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Grim Deadman,"> Decide to do combat playthrough> Fight against an guy with poison sword> Die> Try assasin next> Cornered by triarii> Die> Try thief> Die> Try non-lethal talker> Fail persuasion check> Die> 10/10 would do again, best game ever"
,Recommended,230070,29157092,Posted: 9 January,all,Sam Houston,"One of the best games of recent years. This is my second copy, I have 4 completed playthroughs on my first copy (fighter, merchant, assassin, Praetor) and picked up a Steam version because I thought it deserved a positive Steam review.AoD requires you to shift your mindset before playing. The warning it gives at the beginning, where it talks about how the world of AoD is harsh and unforgiving, it's not for vanity. Accept and go about quests the way you would in a Skyrim and you'll quickly find yourself shanked to death in an alley. Throughout it all though, it remains fair. The NPCs of AoD may not trust you or like you, but you have plenty of warning and foreknowledge if you keep your wits about you. The game, on the other hand, certainly gives a great deal of respect to the player and his or her time. There's no padding from pointless backtracking (you generally get teleported where you need to go if you so choose), no fetch quests, no assuming your character's motivations for you. If you want to stab your questgiver in the back, you almost always can. You can play all sides off each other if you're keen on it.This is not a game where you can complete everything in one playthrough. I'm on my 5th playthrough and I'd be surprised if I've seen more than 80% of the content. Every action you take, every line of dialogue, everything you choose, it will be remembered by the game and it will make a difference. One of the core pillars of the game is its systems of choice and consequence, and the game has it in spades. You will likely need to finish multiple games to piece together all of its systems and lore, each background/quest line only gives you a single piece.The game is fully beatable (and perhaps most rewarding) with ""hybrid"" builds (combinations of talkers/fighters). That being said, the easiest builds for learning the core gameplay systems are ""pure"" talker or fighter builds. I played the game as a merchant and managed to complete it without killing a single soul, then I followed up by playing as a Imperial Guardsman who killed in excess of 250 people. My third playthrough was an Indiana Jones type loremaster who managed to pass most skill checks as well as being able to handle himself in a fight. All these playthroughs are supported and possible to the point where each run could have been a complete game in its own right.So long as the graphics don't turn you off, you'll find a beautiful game. Despite all the intricately tracked variables and moving parts, I've never had a single bug of substance (the only issues I've ever had were 2 crashes and a small camera bug at the beginnng of a game). AoD has a level of craftsmanship and polish that set it as a gold standard for RPGs, be they indie or AAA."
,Recommended,230070,18503620,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sagrannus,"Iron Tower Studio’s ultra-challenging cRPG is simply wonderful. A fantastic setting that is a joy to experience, and with the flavour of history spicing it up. I have played alot more than Steam thinks I have, and intend to play alot more still. With truly challenging combat, a powerful narrative, and some of the best role playing you will get to do without playing a pen-and-paper RPG, it simply is a game you must play. (Yes, it gets brownie points for having a demo)https://youtu.be/ptzIs85dCUY"
,Recommended,230070,13920811,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Myx,"Praise the Lord that there are still people who make these kind of games. This game is more than wonderful. To my opinion, if this guys had normal budget about 5-10 millions, Age of Decadence even could be better than Fallout 1/2 and Planescape. Developers really talented, and I want to thank them for this wonderful game.Слава Аллаху, что есть еще люди, делающие подобного рода игры. Эта игра более чем отлична. По моему мнению, если бы ребята получили нормальный бюджет, хотя бы 5-10 миллионов, Age of Decadence могла бы быть даже лучше, чем Fallout 1/2 и Planescape. Разработчики действительно талантливые, и хочется сказать им спасибо за эту замечательную игру."
76561198125557396,Recommended,230070,18964742,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dill-Dickels,Very Addictive
,Not Recommended,230070,18572891,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Panzeros,"I wish I'd not bought this game.I played two hours last night and really liked the heavy text/story driven style. The conversation options were fun (being an impersonator and just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting everyone is great), and the skill options were interesting and had amusing descriptions.I was a bit surprised by the dated graphics but I can enjoy a game without good graphics so I ignored it.Couldn't wait to play more tonight.Never has my opinion changed so quickly.I got to the 'biggest city' and just kept thinking, it's ok, there's bound to be more to it. There wasn't. There are minimal things to do. I couldn't complete any quests because you need to have exactly the right build to pass whichever skill roll is needed. There are hardly any NPCs. There is nothing interesting to look at.You die repeatedly, but it's not based on skill at all. You need to reload and choose a different option. It's basically a choose your own adventure game.I kept thinking it was a decent attempt considering it must be such a small games studio. It must be small right, cos this game has been in development for 11 years! 11 YEARS! WHAT....were they doing with that time? The game isn't even long apparently, so it's not like it just starts out slow, which I'd be happier with.It's a shame I didn't come to this realization a bit earlier and gotten my money back.I feel robbed.Oh, and it's crashes, a lot.EDIT: Response to developer as I can't respond in comments;-I meant, player skill. It's all dice rolls. Which is fine. But as you say, don't spread too thinly. So either go combat or not. The problem is, if you end up in combat with no skills, you are dead. The problem with THAT is, you have no way of knowing if it will end up in combat or not because you're not sure if you're going to get the option to try to impersonate someone for example.Ok so it ended in combat. I have to reload and choose the other option. Hence, a choose your own adventure book.The other problem with spreading thinly is, and what I've read elsewhere, you've designed this game for replayability at the forefront. So you put all your skills in one area. So you can only do quests that use that skill. You say you have 100 quests. There are 8 I think, 'classes', and about 10 non combat skills.Some quests have multiple ways to solve them, one of those options almost always being combat it seemed. But how many quests are geared toward a certain skill? How many times do I have to replay the game to have the skills to see all areas, remember choices, complete all quests? I feel like this replayability factor should be made more clear.Some people will love that. Some people will hate it.I like to play games a lot, but I rarely replay games as there are so many good games I would like to play, and only so many hours in the day.Also, a factor of replayability, is locations and setting. You want to see the world again. You say you have 22 locations. I'm sorry but I don't find the locations i've seen so far interesting. They look ok I guess, but nothing that makes me want to spend more time there. In Maadoran for example, in each district there were maybe 3/4 you could interact with, that weren't merchants.Some of them had rich story parts, but that ended up going no where. No quest or anything. That would be fine, but if you're trying to focus on story and setting, rather than visuals, you need to have more than 4 npcs tell a story, with the rest of the npcs be copy/paste jobs.I'm not saying it's a horrible game. I enjoyed parts of it. But my urge to keep playing quickly diminished after hitting a wall and realising I'd have to start again."
76561197973085805,Not Recommended,230070,20840406,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Lime Thief,"I get the idea of a 'realistic' game, which makes combat very difficult if you're outnumbered, but if you're designing such a game it seems reasonable to include a decent number of roughly balanced, one-on-one encounters.  Instead, playing as a Praetor, I found that every single potential fight I could get into had me outnumbered at least 4 to 1, and swiftly defeated.  That, combined with the fact that the game managed to hard lock my computer twice when going through area transitions, kind of soured me on the whole experience."
,Recommended,230070,30446046,Posted: 11 March,all,ManOfHonor,Fallout without guns
76561198094073209,Recommended,230070,25691529,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Aomori,Loved it
76561198058667200,Recommended,230070,30497223,Posted: 13 March,all,d_sheik,"I find this RPG to be very refeshing.  Its not just another rehashed RPG.  The depth feels like an older game as  do the UI and graphics, LOL but its engine flaws are minor and dont interfere with the gamplay itself.First off its challenging but not terribly hard.  Im no expert gamer and I caught on just fine.  Patience and strategy help. Combat isnt as hard as some make it out to be .  There are various attacks at your disposal as well as purchasable items like nets, black powder bombs, liquid fire, or be an Alchemist and make them.  Positioning can be important as well.  Weaken your opponent hurting his defenses or accuracy before using your stronger attacks. Use some strategy.  Combat becomes easier as you learn what attacks do what, and using what works best to maximize the Attack points at your disposal each turn.  Oh and some encounters arent designed for combat.Skill points are important.  I like to save before using a stash off them so I can see just what abilities affect my character the most.The story is well written and keeps my interest.The story plays out differently depending on your decisions and what class you chose.Ive experienced no crashes or glitches while playing.  The camera feels clunky at times but you have the ability to center the camera back on your character if you feel the camera angle you want is getting away.The game probably isnt for everyone.   Your not a hero thats going to steam roll through the world.  You dont have a party  to rely on although some encounters you do have help from (guild,raiders,mercenaries, etc) but only for that encounter.  You cant be an expert at every skill.For me though this game has held my interest longer than any other RPG in recent memory.  Maybe because its a little different and requires some thinking and strategy.  I was hesitant on purchasing due to reviews that made the game out to be very difficult, but trust me if I can figure it out and find it very enjoyable then most RPG fans can as well.  If you like going from start to finish as fast as you can steam rolling anything in your way then this isnt the game for you."
,Recommended,230070,30378407,Posted: 7 March,all,Fenhryz,What a refreshing experience this was definitely worth it for people that value story above everything in their RPGs. I have just finished my first non-lethal run and I am already planning at least 2 others. Very well done.
76561198007215017,Recommended,230070,30526815,Posted: 15 March,all,telamiina,After 4 hours it is clear this is one of the best cRPG's I have played. And I have done most of them.Writing and lore is superior. Real roleplaying as you decisions really count!Hard as hell!Visuals are the only medicore thing sofar.
76561198036874457,Recommended,230070,29788672,Posted: 8 February,all,gbigdan,"This is a fantastic game! I found the story and the world to be refreshingly different and I wanted to read more about it. I wanted to discover what had happened and why the world had moved on, etc. I became very immersed in the game to uncover more and more of the game world's past. There have been precious few games for me that I have gotten lost into and this is one of them. I loved every minute of it, and discovered it through buying the game ""Dungeon Rats"" that is set within the same world. There wasn't the usual in-your-face political and social commentary that far too many games espouse these days in order to vomit out the liberal agenda of their devlopers. It simpy told a story and allowed you to participate within it and shape the destiny of it. Well worth the full price and I truly hope we get more from this indie company who once again left the big boys in the dust by making a FUN, STABLE, and THOUGHTFUL game. This is a must have for any fan of rpgs."
76561198056993739,Recommended,230070,30535985,Posted: 15 March,all,Outlaw,"I could actually mistake this for an old game in the same vein as the original fallout--and did at first, since I didn't read much of the description before buying it on sale because it had been on my wishlist. It does have many of the same positives and negatives of that breed of game, and I love it for all of them. While the game is a little short, it has a ton of replayability and choices actually do affect your route in a significant way. This can lead to you unintentionally screwing yourself down the line, but it's rarely such a screw-over that you have to restart from scratch. The lore is engaging and the low-fi in-game art is paired with exceptional profile portraits and solid writing. I got truly lost in the world. My only real beef is the occasional typo, but I can see how that could happen with so much text.tl;dr: it's like fallout: nv if Caesar won, but also there's a little elder scrolls in there"
,Recommended,230070,30586981,Posted: 18 March,all,Djukka,"Incredible depth in terms of storytelling and immersion.Very interesting setting - postapocalyptic classic.Low graphics and unforgiving gameplay might not be for everyone,...but this game is without doubt one of the best RPG's I've played."
76561198046721148,Not Recommended,230070,18570436,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Chill Out!,"Things to expect:Crash 1-2 per hour.Sub-Par autosave system (crippling the aforementioned issue)Encounter bugs 3-4 times per hourCountless writing issues (repeat sentences. referring to game as ""in beta"", bad writing, etc)Immersion breaking text (Sometimes your character becomes omnipotent and knows details he shouldn't)Incomplete-feeling citiesexamine is often a cop out instead of allowing a player to interract or enterwaaaay too many people that you can't talk to, mostly idle place fillers.The game feels like it's in early access, I'll be completely honest. Judging by the aformentioned issues, Expect even more that weren't obvious on the surface, either because the devs lack competence, they rushed it, or they were simply too undermanned for an ambitious task.  Which ever way, know what you are getting into if you purchase this.  With all that said, here's why I really enjoy this game.The game makes you feel as though your choices mattered. Your character creation is living proof when you're able to complete quests and advance. This feels good. real good. Specializing skills is highly rewarded, and you feel a sense of progression as quests are completed.  You're often faced with difficult and game changing decisions with severe consequences.  Neither path is right or wrong, but it changes the way many factions see you.  People who you once♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off might change their mind about you if you continue to gain influence, and still see you as valuable.  The amount of variables in play keeps me coming back.  This is all from one tiny perspective, as there are tons of other playstyles I could have taken at character creation that would garner an entirely different experience.  That is the beauty of this game.I would love to see a lot of these issues polished and fixed. This could be a really great game, honestly.UPDATE:A full playthrough of my 'talker' character lasted 19 hours. I was not rushing whatsoever.I was disappointed to see that much of the choices I experienced were illusion of choice. I say this based on my frustrating experience with an assassin.Assassin - You are forced to fight heavily armored opponents on the 3rd mission and beyond.  There is no build up.  There are also no alternative tasks, paths, or ways to acquire much more than a couple skill points to progress.  Essentially, you have no choice but to build your ""assassin"" as a brawler and tank killer. You will literally be storming the front gate of armies.  If this doesn't sound very assassiny to you, it's because it's not.  I would be fine with this design choice if it was in fact a choice, but it isn't.  You might wish to avoid any kind of personable skills and focus strictly on sneaking, assassinating and raw power/speed.  This is not viable in this game because you're often given 1 path to execute a task.  At one point in the assassins story you're forced to either have charisma and impersonation, or fight 2-3 full armored bandits while you're dressed in begger clothes.  This is an impossible fight without cheese tactics or being heavily outleveled from only seeking the main quest.  This is poor writing and laziness.There should be basic tasks or quests like 'kill this merchant', 'take out this leader' 'take out this politician', not major game changing quests at every god damn corner.  It's infuriating that you can't simply play your character without dabling in politics.  The devs claim this isn't some hero slays the dragon kind of game, but in reality their game plays out like some ridiculous drama.Overall: 5/10Buggy, poorly written, but worth a playthrough IF IT WASN'T $30.  Totally not worth the asking price. If you can pick it up for $5-$10, go for it."
,Not Recommended,230070,30859233,Posted: 31 March,all,ValCorvo,"Formula to win:1. Start with whichever quest line you want2. Realize you can't do anything without failing, because (even though you put points into things that should help your class) you need points in very specific traits for very specific scenarios.3. Go back, recreate character with points in the trait that'll help you beat that scenario4. Get caught at another scenario that requires points in a specific trait5. Go back to 3. Rinse, Wash, Repeat.6. Win without feeling like you ever earned it, having been required to cheat the system."
,Recommended,230070,30748147,Posted: 26 March,all,Xecthar,"An RPG game where you can finish without doing a single combat!Well yes, I finished the game today with a Merchant character and aside from one single part I didn't have any fight throughout the game. I was very surprised that with only diplomacy, bribe and intrigue I had beaten the game. I can't wait to try every other character and I strongly recommend this interesting experience of RPG."
76561198073306319,Recommended,230070,30772751,Posted: 27 March,all,Mithel,"It is just perfect RPG! So many ways to be as unique as you want (and face the consequences of cource, which, also, not so predictable as you might thought). No just good/bad ""dilemmas"", almost all choises are more than ""righteous"" or ""evil"". Strongly recomend to everyone, who loves real RPG's like Fallout 1 & 2, Baldurs Gate, Fable and so on. Thanks to the developers for such an outstanding game!"
76561198046074042,Recommended,230070,22347884,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Praetor Americanus,"Complete opposite of a liniar game. Decisions, decisions, and more... decisions... I have come to love this game, and I absolutly hate isometric views. It was the Roman theme that drew me in, but I was not expecting this many... decsions... just an infinite amount of replayability. Its like a bioware game, or a fable game, but on steroids with the decisions... I could play through this game a hundred times and it will be diffrent every time with new events and outcomes. Each playthrough seems to take around 15 hours or so, but you should easily be able to keep playing with this many... DeCiSiOnS... glorious, glorious... decisions. The game itself reminds me of a fantasy version of Fallout 1 or 2, but with more... decisions... and depth in stats and combat mechanics. Great game, that I can easily recomend to any hardcore RPG fan. Oh and I should mention that this game is so hard that some of your builds will be impossible to finish the game in some ways. For example, if you are playing a hybrid build, you may not be able to win every fight or speech check, and if your too bad at putting stats on a character, the game would be impossible for you. Trying to distribute points evenly for example will make your characer live a very short life, so for your first playthrough, id highly recomend you play a purebred build."
,Recommended,230070,27546544,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Parcimony,"Age of Decadence is a great turn-based RPG set in a unique alternate world where technology stagnated around the Bronze Age due to a cataclysmic event.  The player will find themselves thrust into the remains of a once-great Empire fractured into various city-states that operate under their own rules and have shaky relationships with the other city-states.  It’s a deadly world where you may die as easily by a sword thrust as you will by finding yourself on the wrong end of political intrigue.The first thing to mention about AoD is that it doesn’t play nice when it comes to combat.  In short, you are a human in this game and will die as humans do when peppered with arrows or having an arteries slashed by daggers.  You will – and should – die often as you try the wide variety of attack and defense combinations and combat options.  As you get better and find your preferred skillset (i.e. sword and shield, dagger and dodge, ranged weapons, etc.) you’ll realize another important thing: your opponents are humans too and die just the same.The other very important aspect of AoD is that individual characters classes play quite differently and have unique storylines and encounters because of it.  While I enjoy the brutality of the combat, AoD offers multiple options (Merchant, Loremaster, etc.) where you can finish the game by avoiding combat entirely by using wits and charm instead.   Whichever way you choose to play, it means that there will be parts of the world you will not see in a single play-though – a thug isn’t going to be allowed into the king’s court just as librarian will not last long in the arena – and this makes replaying as different classes very satisfying.AoD is a solid RPG in a unique setting that makes character customization actually count for something.  Having a player’s decisions matter, whether it is putting skills in lock picking and finding a special dagger or choosing to murder your employer, and seeing the consequence of those decisions is a real stand-out here.  I highly recommend the game to anyone who likes their games rewarding because of the challenge."
76561198163198563,Recommended,230070,30495117,Posted: 13 March,all,Eco,"Think more tabletop D&D, less Fable,Zelda etc.MissMissDodgeLove it."
76561197986536580,Recommended,230070,27973679,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tommy_Thompson,"+ Great writing+ A ton of choices which have actual meaningful consequences that can change small things like the lives of different NPCs or even the fate of whole cities+Great replay value due to the various classes and choices which can lead to completely different playthroughs+ Thought-out world with interesting lore and a lot of places to visit- The combat system is a bit cumbersome- Some playthroughs can end, depending on the choices and stats, in a dead endOverall a very recommendable RPG if you enjoy CRPGs like Fallout 1+2.The great writing and intriguing game world will suck you in an will motivate you to complete different playthroughs so that you can learn more details about the story of this once great and now decaying world."
76561198031193573,Recommended,230070,30642965,Posted: 20 March,all,GamerTorres,"I reccomened this game. Might be a bit unfair with RNG. Lots of trials and errors as previously mentioned. The ending is a bit lackluster ish. But from a role playing aspect is it a awesome game. Don't take your first character too serious play with the game mechanics a bit and read a bit on the combat, I promise after a few hours of trial and tribulation this game will be extremely rewarding and will have you hooked! Lots of unexpected turns and not a typical game which is the best part."
76561198086987153,Recommended,230070,14067565,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,jpcerutti,"Age of Decadence is a CRPG that is just getting ready to move to Beta and has been some time in development.Age of Decadence feels like a game specifically designed for those that love to replay a game. To play with the numbers, experiment with the skills and statistics, a game you either need to love doing just that or be willing to spend quite a lot of time with, to get a feel for the underlying mechanics, to be able to explore the many possibilities and varied storylines.The replay value is enormous. The experience and storyline vary quite a bit depending on your choice of class or skillset. It can be *very* frustrating to reach a point in the game where you just can't do what you'd like because you don't quite have the stat or the skill - and it can be just as rewarding when you go back and try again after tinkering with the numbers. It is anything BUT a game where the only difference between a thief and a warrior is the title.I like the feel and the setting for the game. It has a setting and a backstory that is both well thought/fleshed out and unique. Things that happen within both make sense and have the feel of  ""A Canticle for Leibowitz"" to them. (BTW great novel you should read.)I am looking forward to playing it off and on through development and seeing what it has become when it finishes. If you are a die hard CRPG fan I think you will too."
,Recommended,230070,18567953,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,100 Shots. 10 Racks a Week,10/10Only way to progress is to master the art of saving before EVERY conversation.
,Recommended,230070,24080258,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Trystn,"I am going to leave the original review so others can see the concerns i had but having received feedback from the devs immediately I understood the design mistakes i was making and tried it out. As said i love the concept and now enjoy the actual game far more. Great fun combo between story mode choices and exploration/combat/encounters.Thanks Vince for the prompt and helpful suggestions and Goral for the forum guide recommendation.---Previous Review----The game is a great concept and i honestly love the random events, choice system and realism of falling for cons or trusting blindly resulting in something actually good. Example: Depending on skills when a girl runs up being chased you may or may not realise this is a trap and you may or may not, depending on skills, give her a break.Anyway that being said i cannot recommend this game because of the sheer forcefulness of the skill checks in the main story. If you do not have the pre requisite skill levels in the pre requisite skills when you go into a story based choice you will fail and you will die. So you are forced to take certain skills to certain levels with no ability whatsoever to bypass, make an alternate choice or progress. This kills it for me, i lose all options on MY character and instead have to become a cookie cutter cardboard simulacrum of the devs idea of what i should be.Sorry but change this system and i think the game opens up dramatically to exploration and choice as, i believe, it was intended."
76561197990367076,Recommended,230070,30309699,Posted: 3 March,all,PacificCloud,"An amazing game!much better than anything bioware has put out in the last 7 years. Choice and consequences are in abundance in this game, their are multiple solutions and outcome for various quest and encounters in this game, and furthermore your characters background can also effect the outcome in these situations. while bioware attempts to tote that choice in their games are meaningful, they lack the depth that Age Of Decadance was able to achieve, your character is truly your's to mold, your character actions have weight, your character has agency.It's refreshing and sadly rare to see so much freedom given to the player, sure their are games that give you that freedom such as mount and blade warband, but these tend to lack a story enriched experience, and tend to come off bland in that regard. Then of course their are games like say dragon age inquisition that are very story rich but only cast an illusion of choice, and player agency, it doesn't matter option if your presented with an option  A save the magi or B save the templars, there is no real sense of consequence for your choice other than missing out on a few quest and loot.Age Of Decadance however manges to find the right blend, while it make not be as large of a world as the previous titles i compare it to, it makes up for this with giving you mallable and story rich world, driven by your choices.if your looking for an amazing rpg to try out, this is the game."
76561197982853933,Recommended,230070,30813313,Posted: 29 March,all,JungleJollies[],"This is one of the better RPGs I have ever played, and it isn't for everyone. Let me start with the cons:The graphics are unpleasant. The user interface is ugly, and at times trying to work with. The combat is fundamentally unforgiving and complex (it is an utter mistake to focus on one weapon)... and escape doesn't really seem to be an option (at least, not one I could ever figure out). Markers are woefully absent from city maps -- making them a terrible chore to navigate. This game will require you to do a lot of reading, and not all pertinent text triggers a ""quest"".With that said -- the game is brief (6-8 hours), and every decision you make matters in some way. There are radically different ways to approach each situation: brute force, stealth, diplomacy, technology, conspiracy, assassination. There are dead ends, but there aren't any ""true"" dead ends -- there's just another path that you didn't consider. After about the third play through, you begin to understand the insane richness of the world. There are so many interested parties at play, but you can never see them all at once.In one play through, I avoided all direct combat; in another, I served a great kingdom as a solider; in another, I became a god; in another, I killed everything that claimed to be a god. Do you want to nuke a city? -- you can. Become a cyborg-lich? -- valid option. Operate as a pacifist who prevents wars from breaking out? -- you'll be complicit in some deaths, but you can. Or do you just want to become a legendary murder-ma-jig? -- oh yeah,  all options.This work is flawed, but if you can get past those flaws -- it is nothing short of brilliant."
76561198034387750,Recommended,230070,22198640,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Findanniin,"Age of Decadence...An interesting experience to say the least, and a far cry from what I expected...Here's what it promises;""The game features a detailed skill-based character system""It really does. The skills you equip your character with /matter/ to a huge degree - and in combat, whether you use axes, swords or daggers will have a real effect on how combat will 'feel'. A dagger wielder making quick throws to the legs, then strategic cuts to the main artery versus the 'big sword, big hits'.Outside of combat is no different; Being able to talk a cult into believing you're the chosen one and having the world react, to starting a combat with slaying half the opponents before the fight's even begun.I'm incredibly impressed with this skill system.The problem is we've all read these things before, thousands of times; empty promises and we've learned to tolerate them. Iron Tower greatly impressed me here.""multiple skill-based ways to handle quests,""Check. And pretty much every one of them, too. Sure, some of 'm will boil down to combat no matter what, but take it back a few steps and you can see it coming (which is important, because combat is proper brutal).If you feel like you might not be able to handle something ... chances are, you shouldn't be walking in alone.""choices & consequences""AND THEN SOME. This is probably what impressed me most. Now, here's the flipside;The game is *way* shorter than I anticipated. 11 hours, and I finished my first playthrough, but playing 'semi-ironman', there's so much I want to do different and to see the world change...Look. I love the TellTale games series for their 'choice and consequence' BUT ... I'm also aware their choice and consequence is an illusion. A sleight of hand to make you feel like your choices mattered, when really, they all lead to the same thing wit hsome variations.Here, not so much. *completely* different *and* unpredictable.Unpredictable /might/ not be up your alley; I sure as hell wasn't /planning/ toend my first game by bringing my chosen liege under alien mind controlbut there you have it.It feels FAIR though.""and extensive dialogue trees.""Also check.Here's a game that exceeded my expectations, and converted me to the 'sure to pre-order' on their next release.Easily worth the price, on sale or no.My nomination for the 2016 ""I liked this game before it was trendy"" award."
76561198020177768,Recommended,230070,20449030,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,LostLuckyBadDog2119,"Damn needle in a haystack, very good game. turn base game, reminds me of the good ol days.they should make a dlc for this game."
76561198131786599,Recommended,230070,18700790,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Scythrone,"This is the best CRPG since sliced bread, 'nuff said. Right up there with the best of classics. What a wonder you have done, Iron Tower-ers. I, for one, welcome our new rpg making overlords.Like rpgs? Old school rpgs? 10+/10 just get it(not for action ""rpg"" people or those who complain about games being too difficult nowadays)"
,Recommended,230070,18806259,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ryizine,"This was definitely a fun game. I really enjoyed the idea of it, and reallllly wanted to love it more.I do recommend this game, but it does have some issues pertaining to my personal tastes.I loved the feel and theme of the game, but after playing a good 15 hours and beating it, I was pretty un happy with the ending. I feel like what I did didn't matter, and was unable to truly make the impact, or at least the feeling of an impact that I truly wanted from it. I would love to see another game like this, and I hope the devs got a decent amount of funding from it so they can focus on a new IP with greater gameplay mechanics/graphics/and a bigger and deeper story. Over-all it was fun."
76561198010434422,Recommended,230070,23982658,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Alinoria,"Hello,This game, indeed unusual, is, in my opinion, a pure marvel. The diversity of choices and point of vue depending on the faction you join or the abilities of your character invites you to re-play the game to see it differently. And you can see it so differently that it even appears to be another campaign. The challenging fights makes you use your wits, either to avoid them or to remain standing afterward. I really enjoyed the game mechanics I hope there will be more games in that line. (Please do not fall like so many did, ending up in dissapoingly easy games.) I fully recommand for anyone adpet of paper RPGs. The system, way different from D&D, might unsettle you at first, but it is really worth grasping, way more challenging fights than modern D&D games. Thanks to the dev, and enjoy to all the others."
76561198049269896,Recommended,230070,24798233,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Dank Engine,"Holy nutballs, I love this game!It is a flawed masterpiece. You won't love it for its raphics (although I find them sufficiently functional) and if you expect to cut down tons of enemies like in Diablo 3 you're not gonna have a good time.But the story, the replay value, the possibilities, the atmosphere...I genuinely LOVE this game. I'd wish I could recommend it to everyone, but this is not a game for everyone. But if this clicks for you... let's say that you're in for a fascinating journey.You did so much with so little... Congratz."
76561198033636778,Recommended,230070,30746748,Posted: 26 March,all,Ivan,"A very engaging and unusual RPG. It's a bit hard to understand everything at first, but once you grasp the idea, things run smoothly. With a huge variety of choices and very flexible character development system no two games will be the same.Combat in this game is really tough, which also makes it unique.Still there are some backdraws to this game as well. Game / save game loading is quite slow, graphics could be a little better, maps could be more friendly, map rotation with ""middle"" mouse button is definitely a bad idea, changing attack methods several times every turn due to AP restriction is frustrating, etc. etc. Still a solid 7.5/10."
,Recommended,230070,30308946,Posted: 3 March,all,MaXeNtIuS,Do you want an RPG with challenging combat that allows multiple playthroughs with something new each time?  Then buy this game immediately.  The nostalgia of the classic rpg has been recaptured and improved upon.
76561198014373028,Recommended,230070,25430388,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,raycoveac,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, it reminds me alot of Fallout 1. Like Fallout 1 it had a very nice storyline, character specialization, plenty of ways to play through the game. It's done everything right. But like the original Fallout, the story is very short and I will be looking forward to a sequel."
76561198036437700,Recommended,230070,24747495,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kirb Stomp,Its good
76561197963973496,Recommended,230070,24827688,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,amazing
,Recommended,230070,18847319,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ShoNuff,"This is an incredibly difficult game.  Getting that out there first, because if you don't like a challenge nothing else I say will matter.  That being said: If you're game for it, you'll be rewarded with an incredibly complex narrative with branching story lines and serious consequences.  The consequences can range from simply betraying someone who trused you to accidentally escalating a situation to a point where you find yourself at war with an entire city-state.  Planescape:Torment is one of my very favorite games of all time, and this manages to edge in as a close second in terms of depth of story and making the C in CRPG truly mean something."
76561197960314878,Recommended,230070,18882805,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Manticore,"If this game had been released several years back, it would be one of the classic RPGs. It's bleak, it's merciless, it's awesome."
76561198011469837,Recommended,230070,22596855,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sir Prise,"What a breath of fresh air!Are you used to playing rpgs in which your character evolves to a superhero who is superior in combat, lockpicking, trap disarming, persuasion, stealth and whatnot? In which every quest can be solved the heroic way? In which weak npcs cry for help and you're coming for their glorious rescue? If you want to try something different, then try this game!It's not the type of mainstream rpg as described above. It simulates a realistic environment loosley based on the late Roman era. And as such it is dangerous. You actually have to play the role of a Roman citizen and see things from his perspective to survive. People will screw you over for some gold coins and you literally cannot trust anybody. Everyone seems to have their own agenda and will use you for their own sake.You are tossed into the middle of this chaos of politics, intrigues, war and struggle for power. And it is totally up to you which side you join. What stands out the most is the variety of possibilities to achieve a goal or a quest. For instance, you can fight, smooth talk or do it the stealthy way to complete a quest. How you do it depends on your character. For example, if you decide to be a warrior you will most probably fail any attempts to solve a situation by talking and vice versa.The game is quite challenging and I salute the developers for creating such a non-mainstream rpg. I like it a lot.If my brief description of the game sounds intriguing to you, then buy it! You won't regret it."
76561197972462277,Recommended,230070,24378275,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,chriskessel,"Awfully good RPG stuff. You can pretty much play whatever style you like. I did one as a guy that only knew how to smash things with a hammer, was lots of fun, the combat is quite good. I played again as an all-brains character and finished without having to do combat a single time.There are some spots in the game that I just couldn't figure out what to do with, even the 2nd time through focusing on a character that should figure it out (brains/lore/etc). It bugs me....but, that 2nd game I did find locations the first game didn't reveal and vice versa, so there is variety in replays. Not random mind you, just things some paths through the game will uncover where other paths won't."
,Recommended,230070,30638119,Posted: 20 March,all,Tamaster,"Review - The Age Of Decadence===OverviewAge Of Decadence is a Classic RPG set in a post-apocalyptic world where society went back to pre-industrial levels, in a fashion resembling the Late Roman Empire mixed with oriental, middle-eastern influences. After the Great War, a conflict that happened hundreds of years before the game's current time, the world was left devastated. The few cities that were not obliterated by the weapons of the Gods tried to rebuild, after the Old Empire fell. A fragile balance holds together the region where the title is set, hidden conflicts between the three major Noble Houses, the Guilds and the threats from beyond are always there to break this balance at any moment...===Gameplay AnalysisAt the beginning of each game, you will be able to choose between eight different starter origins. Most of them will determine an unique main quest line, while others will gibve you the freedom to forge your own path, with no pre-made allegiances to any faction. Regardless of your origin, you will be able to distribute 16 Attribute Points and a variable number of Skill Points in the abilities you find more suitable for the character you intend to play. In Age of Decadence there is a great quantity of Skills, which are divided in Combat and Civil. The former will be maestry with a specific type of weapon, dodging, blocking and critical strikes, while the latter will be focused on a wide array of talents, ranging from Lore, the knowledge of forgotten technology, to Persuasion, to nobility Etiquette, to Trading, Lockpicking and Stealing, plus many more. Each level of these talents will cost you more Skill Points each time, so better focus on just a handful of them with each character! This great level of customization and development of your character is the key of this game's success, a great replayability that will take you many playthroughs to do everything that is offered.Once you created your character, your quest will depend on your origin. If you chose Thief, you will have to do a robbery, while if you chose Mercenary, will have to protect a merchant, and so on. The starting quest will carry itself through the entire game, but of course there are ways to ""alter"" its objective.The world of AoD is location-based, meaning it is not completely open-world but instead has environments you can freely explore and a World Map to travel between them.A key element in this title is the great level of interaction with the NPCs: depending on your skills and origin, you will find a myriad of different dialogue trees and options in almost every quest and dialogue in the game. Some of these options depend not only on the level of your skills, but also on your Reputation with the different factions, your allegiance to specific guilds or groups, your statistics and even what you are carrying in your inventory in that moment! Truly, Age Of Decadence will surprise you with its staggering amount of different choices, each play with different characters and different abilities will be like a new one with all the possibilities. Personally i made 7 playthroughs with 7 different characters, and still there is much left to do and see!Of course, maybe you are more a combat type. Well let me tell you, AoD won't leave you disappointed with its extensive and deep Comab System, of which i'll talk about now: in AoD combat is Turn Based, and exclusing specific occasions, you will mostly be alone in the fight. Each weapon in this game has unique proprieties, for example Crossbows have a chance to knockdown an enemy based on your skill with them, while Hammers have a chance to dent the enemy's armor, making it weaker, and so on with all weapons. But this is only the start, as there will be specific attacks for each weapon, some unique also, that will lead to different effects on the enemy: an attack aimed to Arms will redice anamy accuracy and even disarm them on Critical, while a Whirlwind attack will hit all enemies around you, but with reduced accuracy.In combat, you have to consider many factors: Armor and Weapon hardness, determined by the material they are built with, an armor harder than a weapon will give it an hard time damaging it, while the other way around the Armor will be damaged instead. Then there is Dodge and Block ratings, influenced respectively by Dextreity and Strenght, and also by what armor you are wearing, eventual penalties, damaged limbs, or maybe just being Entagled in a throwing net. You also will have to consider armor damage reduction, critical reduction, which will reduce damage and critical chance of the enemy respectively, Passive Chance, which is a % chance to activate the weapon's passive ability, for example Crossbow enemy knock down. Well this is not all, but i think this is enough to make you understand how deep and interesting the combat system is.The longevity to complete everything in this game i'd say it to be around... 80-90 hours.Note that this game does NOT have difficulty options, and is a very challenging game to begin with. So i'd say challenge rating is High to Very High.===Technical AnalisysGraphicsThe art style is very good and depicts the game rightfully. Visually speaking, the game is not comparable to today's standards, lacks particullarry complex effects, shaders and all the fancy stuff we are used to nowadays. If you seek good graphics, then this is not where to look.PerformancePerformance is generally good, technically this game can run even on old configurations, there are though some sections where perfroamcne drops badly without reason, luckily for us they are very rare. Generally, solid engine with few problems on this side.SoundMusic and sound effects are okay and congruent with the environment this game is set in.StabilityFew crashes in over 50 hours, very rare but possible. Overall a very stable game.Artificial IntelligenceEnemy AI is quite good, they will know how to act if you have say an heavily armored character and acti differently with light armored ones, they will employ tactics and generally ba a challenge.Bugs & IssuesAt this point, all the major issues has been long cleaned up by the constant developer support, no major ones to report.===ConclusionAge Of Decadence is one of those RPGs that come out once every few years, a real gem to place in the vault of those games which deserve a place in every collection, and while it is not perfect and has some dents here and there, its deep gameplay and storytelling on their own make it worth it.FINAL RATING: 85 / 100"
76561198039055518,Recommended,230070,18874560,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Alex,This brings me back. It reminds me of the first time playing Planescape: Torment or Baldur's Gate.
76561198005545583,Recommended,230070,18880172,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,eurymakos,"UPDATE: WIthin an hour of this, they contacted me with steps to fix the issue. Im happy to report it now works and Ive had a chance to play a fair amount. So far, I love it. It's a bit like fantasy wasteland 2, but can be brutally unforgiving.While I meet the system requirements to this game, I have not been able to run it since the demo version (which ran fine on my machine).  Every time I attempt to run the game, my monitor goes dark, my mouse cursor changes, then a few moments pass before it crashes. Every. Single. Time. I am unable to contact IronTower studio about this issue, so the whole thing is frustrating to say the least. Being unable to play the game, the only reason I do not recommend the game is because if you have trouble, there is seemingly no customer support in place to help."
76561198038326200,Recommended,230070,23117818,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Manwich,"pu]An interesting, and rewarding approach to RPGs[/u].Some of the things that make this game enjoyable for me are:- A Combat system that is very logical at its core : One with a feeling of realism and obviousness, but that still allows your imagination, creativity, and preparation to dictate the course of the encounters.  You can visually assess your chances of success before committing to a fight, but there are unseen elements that could turn the tide either way.  The core system is simple and removes the randomness and fantasy elements (your gear is a big part of the fight), but the skills and player-chosen styles can easily off-set close odds.  It's actually disappointing that more games don't use a similar system.- A Skill system that is based in reality :  Your skills make sense and play into the interactions you have nearly every step of the way.  Your skills (and lack of skills) dictate the flow of conversations, turn of events, and the opportunities to explore different paths throughout the story.  Youwillplay a different game with every different combination of skills you choose, whether it's a combat experience or a non-combat one.- A world that you're actively impacting : How you succeed and fail (depending on your perspective) shapes the course of the story and the interactions you have throughout the game.  People do not forget, and life doesn't just go on.  Not only is the player's experience altered by their choices, but it's felt by all characters and by the turn of events that you witness.- A game you'll have to replay : Beacuse the play styles are so different, and result in such a different story experience, you'll be surprised at how much you missed in a single play through.  The dialogue is rich, and the story thorough, well planned, and well-guarded.  You won't learn things for no reason at all.  You'll hear the common woes of the people you meet, but you'll actively need to pursue the pieces of the puzzle if you want to put it together.   Because different choices result in different experiences, you may meet the same people across different play-throughs but feel like you're talking to a very different person.  The game is fantastic about making the characters dynamic, and you'll realize that you're really only ever getting to know someone from the perspective of their disposition toward you and the way you've impacted them.One Con to speak of:While the game is great there is one big draw for me.  I wish the game was longer, or bigger in scope.  I wish there were more cities, more regions, more items, more characters, more everything.  I realize there is always budgets, but this is a game we would all benefit from it being bigger.  I want to be playing my favorite characters right now, but I've already done everything and beaten the game, so that's that.  :(   Some play styles are quick.  You'll hit an ending without realizing what you're getting into.  It will make sense in the grander scheme, but can feel like you just dumped all your hopes for that character and that play through down the drain.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game.  Both for the price point, and to support this development team's next endeavor"
76561198043623561,Recommended,230070,24338036,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Merleot,Amazing game! Best RPG i've seen. Really.
76561198008554838,Recommended,230070,34647664,Posted: 31 August,all,alterdron,"Incredible! Quite simple but catastrophically addictive.Remindes Fallout 1: same amount of content and same integrity. I mean game feels solid, script is complicated but all parts are on right places. 4-5 unique replays guaranteed!Wrong builds goes to losing the game. You just can't pass further, and save\load does not help. You can't be a superhero, cause there is not enough XP. So the game is kind of complicated but logically constructed maze. And when you find a way out it's best feeling.Many gamers say combats are too hard. This is the feature not the bug. Every victory gives great satisfaction! You have to think a little to find a way to win in different situations. Real tactics with only one playable caracter!"
,Recommended,230070,23972065,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JestfulHam,Everytime i try and start a new story (or hell begin my very first character) The game sudden freezes when it comes time to go to the game world after character creation. I was able to remedy it by NOT playing the game in my screen Resolution and not full screen... thats weird...FIX it and ill be able to give an appropriate reviewUPDATE: Speed fix Speed Answer... I RECOMMEND THIS =)
76561198023353729,Recommended,230070,24076872,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vartigy,"Firstly. The game description is spot on. It's hard. Like a prerequisite for your character to walk into a 'night house' for entertainment. And spot on, like the red bumpy aftermath of having sunk to such deviant levels that the ancient society has to offer.The story quality is up there with Black Isle's Baldur's Gate, and then some! Character depth is pretty good for the realm and the times. Simple things such as... oh take for example... killing a shop keeper... has ramifications beyond what you'd normally expect in an ISO RPG. That shop keeper may have been a supplier of a specific favoured item of a particularly powerful merchant whom has the ear of a unnamed guild master... who has now put a contract out on your♥♥♥♥♥.. all because you didn't like the price of bread.But then on the flipside, the game doesn't allow you to run around like a psycopath murdering everyone , unlike the socially acceptable norm in Skyrim.Your actions really do matter!Politics. In short(en), the politics in AoD have more life, detail, drama, facts, factions, twists and turn(bulls) than modern politicians could ever hope to achieve with our tax funded salaries.The art work is pretty, 7/10, enough detail for you to immerse yourself in the imaginative storyline environment.Save functions. Perfect. Needed. USE, unless you're hard core.For those seeking a Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, NWN, or any other high magic fantasy RPG. This is not it. Your Hero is not a hero. They have no healing spells, good old medics for pay, and craftable ointments have to suffice. But if you enjoyed the storyline and options through dialogue of the previously mentioned games, then this one does them justice!Great work Dev team on AoD."
76561198014468888,Recommended,230070,14783413,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rraiten,"very fun mechanics. most of the quests and interactions i ran into had multiple ways to complete with different outcomes, and i often found myself thinking alot about my actions, something which few other games had me doing.if you seek something challenging you should give it a try, and a word of advice - trust no one."
,Not Recommended,230070,18514038,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Legerdemain,"There's a critical combination of both difficulty and linear progression that turns a difficult but rewarding experience into something that's just unfulfilling.  If character creation were more generous, or the situational skill checks more forgiving, it might potentially be an enjoyable play.  Unfortunately, the brutal limitation in character creation means that you need to create a character with a singular focus, and then ONLY make choices that utilize those build decisions.  What that means is that the wealth of ""options"" are in fact an illusion -- if you make a character who can fight, that's your only option.  If you make a character who can socialize, you absolutely cannot fight.It's an extremely limited experience in the guise of something deeper and more dynamic.  I wish that I could recommend it, but I simply can't.  There's a fine line between challenge and mechanical encumbrance; AoD crosses that line, to its detriment."
76561198030615965,Recommended,230070,28717803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,THIEF,"Ok this game is hard. Its hard for no reason in some spots. Its forces you to reroll charcaters because you miss spend points. If you don't build your combat charcater an almost exact same way as it expects you too you will die repeatedly and get frustrated. You are constantly outnumbered in almost all fights as apparently having allies is out of the question. This game will make you rage quit over and over.It has plenty of good too for 8 bucks. It has multiple ways to beat situations. Your charcater willl have flaws and cannot solve every problem and that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off multiple times. But when you do have a long odds victory you will feel like you earned it.Pros1. Multiple Starts, stories and quests.2. Fun combat with lots of options.3. Good world, it pulls you in to learn the lore and story. You think you know it, you think you've heard it, but then it surprises you.Cons1. You lose way way way to much2. If you don't know the mechanics you get beat up bad.3. If you like combat you have to be a alchemist, crafter who only specializes in melee combat(one style offense, One defense)"
76561198010081781,Recommended,230070,18487722,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ayreos,"A game where murdering competition nets you praise and approval from your peers, and not doing so scorn and vengeance from all involved. (Especially the would-be victim.)10/10 for realistic social simulation"
76561197973141351,Recommended,230070,20216289,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Resolute,"The little indie that could.One part throwback to an earlier era of RPG's but at the same time a step forward in many invovative ways. A great combat system that puts a touch of reality to combat. Multiple branching storylines and character designs allow for a huge amount of replayablity.Don't be put off by the Fallout style graphics, this game is definately a hidden gem.Recommended for all old school CRPGers!"
76561198030384427,Recommended,230070,18793958,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Totally Not Alpharius,This game is what we need in this world of often bland and cliche RPGs. While it's not a particularly long game it makes up for it in replaybility. This game is unforgiving and cruel. Often time making the right choices get you killed and the wrong ones will let you squeeze another day out of your pathetic and moderatley insignificant life in this game. This game is wort every cent and I won't bother spoiling the game for you. Wouldn't want to spoil the frustration of you getting totally destroyed in most fights.
76561198005585490,Recommended,230070,19422325,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Angry Rainbow,This game is great  honestly one of my favorite games I've bought in a while.
,Recommended,230070,26415453,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TJ,"A wonderful game where there are so many options for a player and where your actions actually make a difference in the world and the endings.  I look forward to more games like this.  Any person who even remotely like role-playing style games will LOVE this game, top to bottom."
76561198059800377,Recommended,230070,18577127,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MR.MM,Very Good!Every Background has its own story!
76561198061186954,Recommended,230070,26110432,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Chito_Bro,Definitely the most unique RPG I have ever played in some aspects. Such as the aspect that you cant have it all not every character will be able to finish everything or in every way. The story line as well is great i really love the ancient yet post apocalyptic idea.
76561198007536649,Recommended,230070,18575685,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Zirk,Very good.
76561198012736233,Recommended,230070,19387821,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,budist,"What RPGs should be right now!A game where decisions you make change the game, where your stats have a meaning in everything you do, not only battles. A story that is fun and nice. This is how RPGs should be made."
76561198006773157,Recommended,230070,8950375,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,darwinian~nightmare,"It is a brutally difficult oldschool RPG with all the feel of ""The fallen, mighty roman empire meets steampunk and maybe Lovecraft aswell"" - I love it.I love the gritty crapsack world, love the dialogue, the fighting system, the overall atmosphere (including the art to some extend, it could look somewhat better - but beggars can't be choosers or so they say).Would recommend highly, if you are into this kind of punishment (and rewarding) - if you arent resistant to fits of rage, not so much.My personal 9/10 overallNow it just needs to be completed :P"
,Recommended,230070,8082820,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Detainee Pyramid,"You are not special.  This is hard, but beautiful.  You can go through the game without fighting anyone, if you are a good liar, orator or bull**** artist.  Conversely, if you dont care to talk much, spec yourself for violence, and murder away.  You might kill more than one person before you rot away on a pile of bodies.  Start again, and kill more, then more still, then have your aha moment and revel in your combat mastery.  Or get frustrated and quit.  I love this game.  Though it is early access, so if you want to wait for a finished product, do so."
,Recommended,230070,19938836,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Baron,"bretty gud cRPG where the choices you make provide hugely different experiences. It has dark souls level difficulty and you will die frequently and painfully, but only scrubs and plebs care about that, and you're not a scrub or a pleb, are you?ps: when the nice merchant man offers you the finest quality goods, go with him. what reason could you possibly have for doubting the intentions of the nice merchant man?"
,Recommended,230070,18516860,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,"Ah life can be a cruel mistress sometimes, one day your walking down an alleyway just minding your own business, the next your getting stabbed by three different people for refusing to hand over any of the nice swag that you stole from some other hapless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2 blocks down the street.  Such is the case and many others in the Age of Decadence probably the only RPG I've ever played that doesn't treat combat (or anything for that matter) lightly and treats you like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you were expecting otherwise. Seriously the tutorial is like harder then most average fights in other rpgs.  And it's ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.But heres the best part about the fights..... you don't have to fight at all, invest in a charismatic character and you don't have to fight anyone and you get a story with well written dialog and ACTUAL C&C unlike say Mass Effect or Dragon Age.  And don't get me started on the lore oh my lord it's genius, its based on the fall of the Roman Empire mixed in with some muslim influnces and even mention of Aztec and Chinese thrown in as well.  There are several factions in the game and each one offers a completely different playstyle and storyline.There are some caveats however, for one as mentioned before this game is notoriously difficult more so than Dark Souls, combat isn't exactly deep but servicable, the music is bland and repetitive, the graphics are not terrible lets just say that, despite the graphics the load times are frequent and lengthy (could be my system), this isn't exactly a flaw as it ties in with the replayability but the game can be a bit short however each playthrough can be completely different so if your expecting a long romp like Fallout you will be disapointed.This is not a game for everyone I only recommend this game to diehard rpg fans who want to see something different if your coming here from Skyrim or even Dark Souls  and expect to be a jack of all trade character prepare to be dissapointed."
76561197971812070,Recommended,230070,18594372,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,numsei,"Best RPG game since FO1 to come in ages, if you loved FO1&2 you will fall in love with this one too, cant go wrong hereclose to a GURPS system we will ever play, well...... unless someone gets the rights to do a PC close adaptation of the system"
76561197984499988,Recommended,230070,19710670,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,maikel demacrado,Just great.
76561197982494901,Recommended,230070,23653276,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,sundog1,"Didn't really like being alone, i like companions...but still a breath of fresh air in a *stagnant dumbed down by mass appeal marketing pressure, RPG market*. Well done for making a game for the right reasons!"
76561198001668419,Recommended,230070,22816963,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,CapFox,Crucifying.
76561198026138014,Not Recommended,230070,18556329,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xx1xac3x1xx,"A most peculiar game.The first thing that bears mentioning about this game is that it is, in fact, not that difficult. I say this because most of the many, many times its blocked my progress I haven’t really been able to pinpoint what particular failing in my gameplay led to the obstruction. At first I thought it was balancing my character too much, so I specialized in combat with my second build. Did this help? Not really; I’ve yet to win a battle without at least 30 minutes of save-scumming. In fact, save-scumming is so much a part of playing this game that it seems to be one of its key mechanics; you seem to spend more time retrying digital dice rolls than experiencing the game’s very interesting setting or uncovering it’s pretty decent story. It’s kind of like watching Gladiator in HD over a modem; theoretically possible but there’s a lot of buffering… That’s why I’d say this game isn’t difficult, though it is extremely obstructive and that gives a certain illusion of difficulty.The game is also highly skill-based; there are certain sections of it where gameplay degenerates into a succession of skill-checks. I find this mechanic intensely annoying, for it has the effect of limiting your options to a set of pre-ordained alternatives rather than allowing for more free-form gameplay. Want to use persuasion to get rid of some thugs? Too bad, you have to have the ‘impersonate’ skill. Want to fight with the enemy guard who catches you in the wrong place at the wrong time? Too bad, you are insta-killed if your dexterity score is too low. These little bits of bad game design litter the game with yet more roadblocks on the path of doing much interesting in its world.This is a tremendous pity too, because its world is a unique and interesting one. Set in a fantasy world combining the fall of Rome with influences from Arab culture, it has a lot going for it as a setting for adventure. If the mechanics would just let some adventure happen that is… The game also successfully takes the bleakness of a world where all communal spirit and empathy has collapsed (almost to the point of absurdity) and runs with it, which would complement the unforgiving mechanics if those mechanics had it in their spirit to complement anything. Furthermore the game removes some of the immersion breaking elements of traditional rpgs in its style such as instant healing and the ability to possess an entire party of fighters at once; steps in the right direction as far as I can see.Some people will probably like this game. Some people will probably like any given game. A sizable chunk of me actually likes this game, although on the basis of setting and story alone. However I have reason to believe that, whoever you are reading this, you will not like this game; for it is a game full of dislikeable elements. Its mechanics are retro, as in retrograde, as in backwards. Its conversations force you to play pot luck with the skill choices you’ve made. Its combat uses save scumming as a key mechanic. Unfortunately- because there’s a lot of good in this title- this game’s faults frustrate its virtues (and the player…). Not recommend."
76561198090771963,Recommended,230070,29172454,Posted: 10 January,all,Tarbal,"It took me 4-5 restarts before I had the hybrid character I dreamed of with over 100 kills and the best ending. No joke -- you should really specialize in just 3 or 4 skills on your first couple playthroughs, unless you want to start over. Charisma is a dump stat, for the most part. Save your skillpoints and don't spend them until you need them. Make manual saves before you spend a bunch of points. Do yourself a favor and don't look anything up of forums, because there are spoilers everywhere.That being said... this is the best RPG I have played in recent memory. Do I recommend? Absolutely yes -- but play the demo first to see if you have the patience. I've been totally hooked on this game for the past couple of weeks, and I'm doing a thief playthrough right now. I'm really amazed at how different backgrounds make a completely different experience -- not just at the beginning."
,Not Recommended,230070,18830383,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NNLocke,"TL;DR: Interesting idea, but poorly executed.Let me start by saying that I appreciate difficult games. I am very fond of true roguelikes, and restarting a game multiple times doesn't bother me, as long as I can expect a different experience each time.AoD does not deliver this. What we have here is a very linear progression, but with artificial limitations force by the extremely stringent stat and skill points. There may be multiple ways of accomplishing an objective, however the end result is essentially the same.This model essentially forces you to choose to be either a talker, or a fighter - hybrid builds are invariably fatally underpowered. Generally speaking, since you have less skills to spread your points as a fighter, it is easier to build a strong pure fighting character than it is a pure talker - there are several different types of persuasion mechanics as a talker, which are sometimes tested at the same time. You might be great at disguise, but if the check called for disguise AND trading, you're screwed.There are crafting abilities as well, however your points are spread thin enough as it is, and sinking points into crafting can set back your progress significantly.Note that the above are all gameplay complaints, but I'd like to talk for a moment about the graphics and interface. Now, I'm not normally a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, but this game looks...not good. At best, the graphics are 10 years behind current gen. I think they would have been better off with an isometric view (like Baldur's Gate) than trying for full 3D. Additionally, the controls are very wonky, and the screens extremely bare.The setting itself is intriguing, and is the basis for what hours I did give this game. There are interesting aspects to the story, but some of it is never fully fleshed out, and what is there is vastly overshadowed by the poor overall design."
76561198005622066,Not Recommended,230070,30669761,Posted: 22 March,all,Third Owl,"So much ""freedom"" yet - as many others have pointed out - there's really only a handful of very specific viable builds if you ever want to progress.  Have fun making the character you WANT to be, only to quit after an hour when you realize you can't even kill the tutorial bandits.  I appreciate difficult games but this is just plain not fun."
76561197961161487,Recommended,230070,30306337,Posted: 3 March,all,DarkAnQc,"Great game.  Love the freedom of choice.  Your action will affect the game.Combat is very difficult be sure you know what your doing.  Can you prevent it.  Can you find a way around it maby stroke a deal.  Everything is possible.   If you must fight be sure to plan ahead and use tactics and every tricks you have.  From a distance.  Applying poison to your blade.  Maby use some alchemy and throw a bomb or a flask of greek fire.I love the game of thrones series and this game reminds me about it. How far your treatury will go for your own survival.  Will you bettray your lord.  Will you play spy or simply go head in and expect to win every battle has a hero,  HEHE good look hero you are gona need it."
,Recommended,230070,30788133,Posted: 28 March,all,Sephikus,"I was having a lot of fun doing the non-combat quests and finding more diplomatic solutions to potentially violent encounters, slowly building up both my non-combat skills and even more slowly my combat skills and my personal armory so that I could eventually do the more combat oriented stuff. But then my quests I can do in the first city dry up, I follow a quest to the second city, get notified all unresolved quests in this city will be closed if I move, I decide I can live with that since there's nothing left here that I can do. Get to the next city and can't make any progress in either of my quests I came for, can't get more than a tiny spatter of skill points since I can only find quests I either can't complete or don't get skill points for completing, once I finish exploring as far as I can without getting killed and doing my rounds of the stores I find I can't even go back to the first town without automatically completing all of the quests I hadn't found yet(or couldn't complete) in the new city so I can't even go back to buy the leather that they sold there but don't sell here...Yeah this game has a lot of potential but it's badly damaged by travel difficulties and long load times. The uncompletable quests wouldn't feel quite so bad if it didn't take forever to load and I wasn't stuck in a single city.All that said I still think it's a good game that's worth a try, I got 22 hours before I hit my road block and I'll probably try again later when I'm not annoyed with the game anymore."
,Recommended,230070,27037579,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AngryDucky,"It's like turn-based dark souls, where you also have to actually talk to people."
,Recommended,230070,27563956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Cavalier,Very fun and entertaining game. Lots of choices and ways to complete things. While some people want their game to go perfect every time and make all the right choices everytime I find it amusing messing something up or picking a bad choice. Yes some of them end the game or make things more difficult but it's still highly amusing. This game is meant to be played multiple times. Learn from your mistakes. Build the character you want. Learn things yourself. Makes the game highly replayable and fun.10/10
76561197976051823,Recommended,230070,21276398,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Peter,"A brilliant but very challenging game, offering various styles of play and alternative beginnings/ends meaning lots of replayability. Choose wether to resolve quests using diplomacy, stealth or combat. Dialogue and quest progression can alternate alot depending upon your skills/attributes, which directly impact your avaible dialogue options (also wether these succeed or not)It also has some very interesting lore, which you can actively dig up tons of by seeking out storytellers, or going on an exploration trip traversing old ruins and temples.Be warned though, when I say it's a challenging game, I mean it. Get used to saving alot, and be ready to get stuck not being able to complete some of the earlier quests until you get the hang of what a good character build is."
76561197988319173,Recommended,230070,22151655,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sovietxrobot,"tl;dr:PROS:-interesting, immersive, and original setting-engaging, tactical combat-great character system and itemization-unparalleled reactivity, choice, and consequenceCONS:-requires a fair amount of experimenting to get a hang of the game-skills are unbalanced-game content seems somewhat incompleteThe Age of Decadence is a turn-based RPG focusing on tactical combat, urban and political intrigue, and choices with meaningful consequences. The setting is Roman-inspired low magic fantasy. The game is an aquired taste; it displaces many of the cliches of current RPG games, which will likely turn people off at first. You're not the Chosen One who can master every skill and cleave through hordes of enemies; you're just another guy trying to survive in a harsh world. You can't see everything the game has to offer in one shot, as a lot of the content is mutually exclusive to certain story choices. Theres no level grinding or respawning enemies; every combat encounter is placed on purpose and designed carefully. And they're difficult for the unprepared, but realistic; if a thief lures you into an ambush in an alley, the enemies aren't there to drop XP and loot- they're there to kill you.The dialogue is rich and immersive, and the game builds an interesting world, even without AAA graphics. You use skills in dialogue through binary checks, though some have the possibility of partial success. The combat is deep and good tactics are crucial to winning even the earliest fights; if you run and start slashing, you will be dismembered. For the most part all enemies use the same derived statistics as you, so the playing field is pretty even. Theres no HP gain on level up, and the range of hit points is small, somewhere around 20-60; so every point matters. Simple decisions like poisoning your weapons or switching your outcome can be deterministic in winning a fight.The level of reactivity in AoD is unparalleled. Theres more ways to finish quests than any game I can think of. If you play without spoilers, it will take you multiple playthroughs to see everything.AoD was developed by an independent team over the course of 10 years. Unfortunately, this shows in the game. Its rough around the edges, especially in the later stages. The first act around the town of Teron is exquisitly crafted, its by far the best first town of any RPG. Theres so many options, secrets, and great dialogues. The second act of is strong as well, but theres not as many really inspired moments as in the first. After having so many options for resolving each quest in Teron, its jarring to run into quests where you have only the 'fight or pay' options. A lot of the content here starts to feel tacked on, just simple combats that add no real weight to the story. By the time you get to the city in the third act, the place feels empty and unfinished. I wish the developers had had enough time and resources to really bring this region to life.A common complaint is that the binary skill checks and strict gifting of skill points requires extensive meta-knowledge and save-scumming; this is only partially true. If you play a focused character and stay true to form (e.g. a talker doesn't try to fight everyone), you will generally be fine. Playing a hybrid character does require a good working knowledge of most of the games structure, but I found this to be a very enjoyable challenge. Then not only did I have to contend with the quests themselves, but also the order I approached them. Its very rewarding to tweak your skills to just the right level to set up the perfect double cross.The skills are diverse and interesting, but quite unbalanced. Lore and Crafting are far and away the best skills and practically required, whereas Etiquette is hardly ever checked, and most of the situation where you use Traps seem simply tacked on. The game keeps carefully track of your reputation with the world and each faction, but these stats are hardly ever checked, aside from Body Count. Again, I feel that these are more great idea that the developers simply didnt have the resources to flesh out, rather than oversights or poor design choices.I've played through the game 4 or 5 times now, and its easily my game of the year, and definitely in my top 5 of all time. Its a contender with Fallout 2 and Planescape: Torment. The amazing thing is its this good while only being 80% done."
76561197984910139,Recommended,230070,27859749,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hastar,"Classic rpg for those who enjoy political intrigue, hard turn based combat and boxes of dialog in low-fantasy Roman-esque world."
,Recommended,230070,30894439,Posted: 1 April,all,GayPornStudio,"This game is truly awesome. Every single feature looks so neat for me.It has a really deep story and a replayability based on that. You will enjoy seeing new angles and oportunities by making different characters and different choises.The lore is interesting and uniq. (And fitting my low magic fantasy setting dreams.) Though I will spoil nothing here.Combat system is also good and unless you make an increddibly good fighter you are almost unable to defeat several enemies at once. But even the weakest characters can survive the whole story by beeing careful enogh.Character stats, skills, exp, items and other RPG elements are made great too, never ever seen an RPG system as flawless as in this game.Some people may say it doesn't look good enough but is it really a valid point against such an awesome thing?So I'd say whoever you are this game definitely worth its money."
76561198046105751,Recommended,230070,24141192,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tarog,"This game has everything an RPG player would want. Choices, gameplays, different endings, crafting, alchemy, battles, talks, challenges, arena fights, and lots of other good things that I am not going to spoil. I had the same satisfaction when playing this game than I had when playing old Fallouts or Baldur's gate.I would recommand this adventure to any cRPg fan."
76561198174174754,Recommended,230070,35239983,Posted: 27 September,all,Kilroy,"Despite being an ""experimental game"" (and you can really feel this at some points) it's an incredible experience which feels like ""Planescape:torment"" game route variety and branching trees of dialog mixed with ""Shadowrun:dragonfall""  combat system and tough moral decisions. Oh, and it also has its own incredible world and lore, but the less you know about it, the better. Trust me.Incredibly responsive devs, constant fixes and the whole first act of the game as a free demo are also worth mentioning.Pretty unique experience overall. Definitely worth."
76561198015172420,Recommended,230070,28882182,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,artofwar,"I'm surprised and disappointed to see this game with recent mixed reviews, so it's time for me to give it my upvote after over 200 hours of enjoyment.I don't have much to add that the other positive reviewers haven't already articulated, but I will say that many of the people who left angry negative reviews never really spent the time or mental energy to figure out how the game works.  If at first you don't enjoy the game, get some tips from the forums and you'll soon be happily exploring the very interesting world of AoD."
76561197973184386,Recommended,230070,30367679,Posted: 6 March,all,Raven39946,"Recommended with reservations. It is difficult to learn, and yes, save often, you'll need to. The game is in the style of Baldur's Gate and Blackguards. Do not expect high quality graphics but it is very immersive. I found it as immersive as Dragon Age: Inquisition but for different reasons and easily lost 4 hours just getting my character started off.The frustration was with the number of replays / reloads I had to do to get anywhere. Retracing your steps far too many times. Trying different ways to win at the combat. This seems like a game that still needs developing. It needs some form of difficulty adjustment.In summary a game should be recreational not work - this one is hard work but it has a lot of good points. Unfortunately the older style of interface and linear linking of scenarios does not give the player many choices and we are used to playing open-world games now."
,Recommended,230070,20956943,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Glavius,I played this game all the way through and greatly enjoyed it.
,Recommended,230070,30311770,Posted: 4 March,all,Luna licărire,Great and unique RPG game. One of the best RPGs I've played in a long time.
76561198096742032,Recommended,230070,26410210,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,"There were many aspects of this game that I loved. And there were a few that annoyed me. The game sets itself up so that you cannot do everything, in fact, specializing in two traits is often too difficult to manage until you have a very firm grasp on the mechanics of the game. Personally, I feel like it is a great philosophy that is slightly over done, but still very manageable. The idea is that no one can be so skilled that they are a master of every discipline. While I appreciate that, it is annoying that it becomes very difficult to make a character who is both stealthy and good with a dagger, and makes certain abilities, like herbalism, useless because they are only passively helpful where everything in the game is so aggressive. I quit once I faced a quest that had me diving into a well to solve a puzzle of sorts. I had created a character that was very smart with high dex and low charisma and strength. I had the smarts to discern what was required of the puzzle, but not the strength to aquire the missing piece. In order to have completed the quest, it felt like I needed to design a character specifically for this situation, which would have been fine if it were a main questline option, but it wasn't. Regardless, I will come back to the game because it was a great time 90% of the time. Combat is enjoyable, even though I will complain that being an archer is difficult since you can never hire someone to engage in melee, and you almost always start within two turns (or less) of moving distance apart. (I still had great success as an archer for a large portion of my adventures, although it was hard). The developers have continued tweeking and adding content since launch, which is the biggest reason that I will advise someone buy this. They are committed to quality, not profit. The game is a niche play, but well worth the investment due to the many ways that a person can go about playing the game."
76561197985266570,Recommended,230070,21475357,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,"Violence, Speed, Momentum","A fresh & nostalgic adventure @ the same time.Plays like its own game, but with hints of the greats of ages past.If your a wee one might be to hardcore for you.If your old or becoming old, its definetly appeasing."
76561198026457506,Recommended,230070,21929582,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Frost12,"Awesome RPG, one of the best I've played, and one of the only proper ones to come out recently. I imagine I'll keep playing this past the day they stop updating it.Just buy it already!"
76561198009158761,Recommended,230070,22095567,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Asyri,"I was a bit skeptical of this game at first, but it has been a joy to play so far. It takes me back to my younger days when there were truly great RPGs that offered real challenge where failure was imminent and the wrong answer to a question or move in game lead to your character meeting a grisly fate. I overwhelmingly reccomend this game to others. I am excited about finishing my current game and then starting another class to experience the game from a different perspective."
76561198012832740,Recommended,230070,22107580,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,EyeHearShapes,Played it in early access and hated it. Decided to try it again after i saw a lot of positive reviews and im truly loving it.-Immersive-Decent amount of content-Well written-Love the setting
76561198130948719,Recommended,230070,22079271,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gamboleer,"Working well on a Windows 8.1 machine with nVidia card.I've had this one on my wish list for a long time, and finally bought it today on sale despite having many games in my library that I haven't yet played. And I couldn't be happier.There is a demo available on the main page, and I strongly suggest you try the demo first, as this game doesn't play quite like a traditional RPG. It is dialogue-heavy, but manages to be so without being full of silly melodrama. The plot and characters are great, there are genuine benefits for choosing interpersonal skills that go to waste in most RPGs, your stats matter, and there are real consequences for your actions -- you must choose your loyalties and stick with them, or suffer. In some ways it reminds me of an old DOS classic, Darklands, but without all the wandering all over the map, and a lot less combat."
,Recommended,230070,28124591,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Karithay,"Choices matter in this brutal, post-cataclysm world inspired by the aesthetic of ancient, crumbling Rome. Where Age of Decadence doesn't display much decadence, the branching story delivers a rich and replayable experience as you pursue multiple questlines based on your skills and choices. These choices can have such an impact that you may find yourself repeatedly reloading save files just to see how another decision might play out or simply playing again to experience a nearly completely different story.Age of Decadence isn't perfect. There's still a scattering of bugs, and the game could benefit from free exploration of the overworld map. Nonetheless, it is a solid entry in the realm of story rich, character driven role-playing games."
,Recommended,230070,16291875,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TorbaDun,"The Age of Decadence reaches game design height of Fallout 1&2, Arcanum, Planescape and Vampire: The Masquerade.This game is a huge step forward, which declares the end of ""Age of Profanation"" in RPG genre."
,Recommended,230070,15807003,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Fain,"Age of Decadence is a brutal, wonderful, turn based strategy / RPG.  I absolutely love the amount of choice that this game offers.  There are multiple ways to accomplish objectives and the game changes based upon your class and the choices that you make.  The combat can be very unforgiving until you figure out the nuances but please do not let that deter you from this gem of a game."
76561197963592632,Recommended,230070,26410824,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Harnesh,"I might be missremembering, but I think it was 10 or so years ago I first tried the combat demo.A friend of mine was at the time still playing around with modules from NWN. So it's highly possible it was that long, if not longer.Now I thought the graphics were a bit rough at the time, and you know what?I still do. Yet from that combat demo, a very strong game has emerged. It's well worth the money. The people at Iron Tower deserve support for their commitement in finishing their product.The game is unforgiving. You will die. If you bring any experience with you from any other rpg, thinking you are somehow better, and stronger than the compitition, you will die on every street, shady bar, and back alley of the game.Think of it like you're actually there. Do you really want to die for that person, or this cause?No matter what road you pick, be the hero, be the coward, be the bystander. You will still die.All the ""fade to death"" screens aside, the writing is superb. and you will find yourself forgiving  any rough spots on this gem of a game.Keep up the good work. I will be there to support your next title as well."
76561198061746323,Recommended,230070,22292471,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,David Bought Me This,"This game made me feel like a filthy casual even more than Dark Souls and CSGO comp matches combined. I honestly haven't played an RPG in which you feel like killing people actually HAS consequences until this game. There are vast opportunities for the player, ranging from the starting class, to chosing a guild, to exploration and discovery (largely based on lore).Thats another thing, the lore is done amazingly well, and it fits with the feel of the game. The player truly feels like a small cog in a large machine. All in all, I would highly reccomend this game, as long as you're ok with dying. A lot. You will die.9.5/10 one of my favorite RPGs"
76561198022215354,Recommended,230070,22492598,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,lethal ape,"Such a wonderful game that deserves many playthroughs.  I have played 4 different professions and in those short times, I have come across wonderul experiences and rich and new storylines that interweave into this wonderful universe.It is a must purchase for RPG lovers.  Choose your own adventurre and become someone new each time.Buy this."
,Recommended,230070,24405984,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr.0rc,Loved this game. Hardcore oldschool feel. GOing to replay it more than once.
,Recommended,230070,28677316,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Invain,"Awesome game, best RPG I played in a long time. It looks like crap and everything is brown, but who cares? The world feels alive and your choices actually matter. Very high replayability, as you'll only see a fraction of the content in a single playthrough. Combat requires more than two brain cells and can't be won by simply mashing a button until everyone is dead. And if you don't like combat, it's possible to finish the game without a single fight.If you want a pretty game that will hold your hand and keep telling you how special you are, better look somewhere else. But if you can handle a little challenge, give it a try. It's worth it."
,Recommended,230070,21925004,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Myrtheus,"I love this game. I like a game that makes you think. Solving problems with a sword has never been fun for me. I like being the underdog that is nothing and needs to work with power. This game has the best system in making me feel useful. No button mashing here, no Diablo Monte Hall BS. Your actions have consequences, npcs will remember things you have done. I love it. Three guys should be impossible to fight in real life and it is almost impossible here. Taking on two enemies and you may survive, but you'll need to hide from the others. I have always hated the games where I could wade through a bandit camp, fighting a guy and his buddy, that is only 20 feet away is just smoking a cigarette. Not here, buddy will come and help. Then you're surrounded and dead.You actually need to outsmart your enemie without combat and that is a fresh change in today's button mashing approach to games. I actually convinced one group of enemies to attack another. I then walked in after the dust had settled and claimed victory. No game captures that, but AoD does.I will say this. If you  like flashy unrealistc armor with shoulder pads that look like they could launch helicopters from, then this is not the game for you. If you are unsure, down load the demo first. You get the tutorial and the first chapter to play for free!I love this game, but I prefer story over graphics. This game so far, has an excellent story."
,Recommended,230070,22364018,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Taitzu,"Very fun game, great replayability, I beat it twice and am on my third run, everytime I play I learn more about the lore, and see the story unfold from a different point of view. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,230070,35141852,Posted: 22 September,all,Rinkie,"Hard to get into, very much a rouge like game. Alot of fun and reccomend +++"
,Recommended,230070,23103559,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,anjoviskoi,"Offers really solid 10-hour playthrough, courages non-violent solutions (due to combat being somewhat punishing) and has plenty of replay value. Really intriguing old school skill system with plenty of depth and options. The game defines clear boundaries on what you can and cannot do: a merchant is not a warrior, but money makes up for a lot.Also a bleak, realistic view on society: my merchant character spent little time on actual trade and commerce, and a _lot_ of time on dirty political trickery and unhonest dealings."
,Recommended,230070,22610336,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Roschar,Don't get me wrong this is a fantastic story based game. I loved the lore and the fact you can't do everything in one playthrough. Having said that there are some [personal?] problems..+ Great replay value+ Interesting world+ many ways to solve a quest- The UI... Man. Not able to sort out quests- No respeccing [as far as I know] I screwed myself once with the stat system. Better restart your character.- The story ends suddenly. No real conclusion. Left me scratching my head.
76561198088991691,Recommended,230070,23075114,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,olive,"Lots of depth, lots of fun.  Sometimes the fun is excruciating, but that can be good.  Abandons a lot of the most boring tropes of the fantasy genre and presents a very realistic, if at times cynical, worldview.  I played 3 different games for a total of 18 hours and felt like I could spend much more time and get many different and interesting playthroughs."
,Recommended,230070,24008811,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nexgrato,This is a deep and difficult RPG. Combat is really tough and many situations can be unwinable if you are not a skilled warrior but there are other paths to finish your goal if you can't crack skulls. The story is excellent. Lots of replayability. Gives me Fallout/Arcanum vibes while being its own thing. Would recommend.
76561198009305108,Recommended,230070,28465736,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,Very fun Roleplaying game with many diffrent characters to play as with their own unique story that depending of your actions their fate will be decided and as for combat it can be confusing at start but you get the hang of it
76561198120490219,Recommended,230070,30195554,Posted: 26 February,all,Septimus,An RPG that truly reacts to the class you choose and presents you with a different viewpoint depending on your choice of skills. It has a rare ability to provide unforeseen wow moments. I had about five different sets of lore in my head that almost explained different parts of the story. It was really enjoyable how clever this game made me feel.
76561198118869365,Recommended,230070,19537658,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,trapone14,"This game is great except for how it ends. The game is actually quite short and it just ends, and im not kidding. I had zero clue i was at the end of the game, then all of a sudden back at title screen. I thought my game crashed or a i had a bug of some kind. Fought my way through a bunch of weak enemies that offered very little challenge and then boom some chit chat and its over.It feels like there should be so much more to do,because honestly there should be. You cant even leave the final area once you enter it to finish up any extra quests you have.Im in awe i completed the game already this game really did everything right with the exception of the most abrupt ending ive ever encountered.  7/10"
,Recommended,230070,20058173,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,parties,"An absolutely must play for RPG lovers. Great character progression, fun mechanics, heavy dialogue driven gameplay."
,Recommended,230070,18493822,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Genocidocles,Hand Crossbows are the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttt
76561198073078484,Recommended,230070,22620420,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tangaroa,A lovely game with tons of variety in quests and outcomes.
,Recommended,230070,21748077,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Shmloos the Shmloss,"Stuff I did in my first 3 hours:1. Made guilds kill each other2. Manipulated the minds of certian people with the power of words3. Received jewelry from a noblewoman because she's too rich for a prospective groomTruly, Age of Decadence is an RPG unlike any other. This is a game where your choices will truly matter, and will etch a wound in the world."
,Recommended,230070,24100097,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Fun but unforgiving.The game is pretty hard. I really like the story and how the different character selections intertwine the stories. I guess the most popular game to compare it to is Pillar of Eternity but it is a little clunkier (not much) and gives less clues. Dont hear that as a negative thing though. Its fun and I am glad it exist.PS. I played more than steam probably shows because I often play offline and sometimes it is slow to catch up the time.
,Recommended,230070,18562721,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gamerlord,"This game is by no means for everyone, but to those interested in a brutal, CnC-heavy, low-tech/low-magic role-playing experience set in a world with few comparisons, it can be an incredible time. Bit heavy on the meta gaming at times however, plus weak ending."
76561197972449153,Recommended,230070,20027280,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"This is an interesting one. If it had come out 15 years ago it'd probably be a classic right beside Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, and Fallout. I played the entire game as a shysty mercahnt and never got into combat once. The game truly allows for pacifist runs, unlike many modern games which sort of allow for it, if you try really hard. The game seems to encourage not running into fights you aren't positive you can win. The combat is a bit slow, and not really exciting, you can't do much except attack with sword or attack with bow, but there's nothing wrong with it. It's functionally fine, nothing to write home about. The story is interesting, but the world is great. I'd love to see another game with more of a focus. This game didn't seem to be totally sure what it wanted to be because the different guild paths are so totally unrelated to one antoher it feels like several okay games in one, instead of one great game which I think it could have been. Overall probably no worth the initial asking price of $30, but well worth a look if you're into old school RPGs."
76561198008896818,Recommended,230070,19801605,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,jakroth23,Love this game. Exploration and discovery are excellent. Writing and player agency are top notch.
76561198023367927,Recommended,230070,34351400,Posted: 19 August,all,aries-rising,"Really good role playing game, I am just feeling a little let down that the game was so short. If the combat had not been so challenging I think this game could be completed in roughl 15 hrs. Really great game and I find this happens a lot it just wasn't long enough. I'd love to see a massive expansion but the studio moved onto developing another game already, so look out for that.If u can get this on sale i'd do it, this game is something you will only play once or twice and will be finished with in under a week if u have 2-3 hrs a a day to game"
,Recommended,230070,29311834,Posted: 16 January,all,Mons,"Probably one of the best games of its genre. I've been longing for a game like this for ages; there simply isn't enough on the market in my opinion.Reminds me of my time in Fallout 1 and 2 minus the humour. Being able to play different characters at different starts is great as it allows you to piece together the whole story slowly, bit by bit. As there are a bunch of skill and attribute checks, playing through multiple times can unlock options you never thought possible before, as some of the checks are hidden for until you actually meet the requirements.Primary complaint would be that there isn't a whole lot of minigames and such to partake in.There's a demo that gives you the whole first chapter. It's quite lengthy already (I put close to 10 hours in the demo itself), so go pick that up before you buy the full game.My most hilarious fail in the game would be, selling all my clothes and running around naked only to be repeatedly stopped by guards. I was too poor to buy my clothes back. I could have saved myself by going to the merchant who sells cheap clothes, but the guards stopped me in my tracks. After several failed attempts to buy clothes in Teron, I abandoned my character to his naked fate.My best death would be Berserk style, ""As the last guard falls down, you regain your ability to think clearly and observe the carnage. Not bad at all. Of course, it wasn't the smartest thing to do, but it was a good fight. Nothing makes you feel more alive than killing others, the more the merrier. The harder they come at you, the better.More guards show up, at least a dozen. They hesidate and you laugh. ♥♥♥♥ing cowards. Three men step forward - no eagerness in their eyes, only fear. They die fast, doomed by it. A self-fulfilling prophecy, if there ever was one.A crossbow bolt hits you, then another. If they think that it's enough to keep you down, they have another thing coming. You charge forward, killing two more before some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chops your arm off at the elbow. Good thing you're ambidextrous - never know when it might come in handy. Good thing for you, bad thing for the man next to you.You leave him with your dagger in his throat - something to remember you by - grab a sword off the ground and switch your attention to the next victim. You have a feeling that it's going to be the last one, so you put your best foot forward and do what you do best. The sword breaks and you throw it away. Now you're ready..."""
,Recommended,230070,25518421,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Frodo Bolsista,"Really nice turn-based game.But i strongly recommend to you buy this game while in a sale, without it dont worth it"
76561197964153107,Recommended,230070,18518010,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Azrael,"Easily the best game I've played in many, many years."
,Recommended,230070,18576492,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Vhal,I like it.
76561198049784917,Recommended,230070,19726775,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,YouAreWorthIt,"Love the game for its brutality, the adult dialogue, and the many different paths and skills it offers....IT IS TO DIE FOR!"
,Not Recommended,230070,29361535,Posted: 19 January,all,lukiwi,"It's a very limiting RPG which requires you to min-max stats in order to experience things you want to.Basically, the element of exploration does not exist as you'll fail so many times that you'll know what comes next, and you'll know it because you min-maxed to be able to get through that.The game world is dead, lifeless and there just ain't much to do. I was hyped for this game, but now it just seems like a big promise unfulfilled."
76561198313530690,Recommended,230070,23909708,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FlashJaxs,"amazing crpg, i like it :)"
,Not Recommended,230070,25519028,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,weregamer,"I wish I liked this game more than I do, because it tries so hard. But having played the first chapter through several times with different characters, I've found that while each had different details, each also felt too much the same, and I ended up with really no emotional incentive to continue into the next chapter with any of them.I think the thing that bugs me most is that there's just not enough built-in story to carry the weak mechanics, and not enough player leeway to give the feeling of an emergent story; in the end, I'm doing boring things in order to expose the ho-hum single conversation that will advance the unengaging story.It's as linear as a JRPG, without the depth of writing *or* the interesting combat mechanics that make those satisfying. It's as story-light as a tactical RPG, without the multiple tactical options that make those interesting.Honestly, I think the developers would have been much better off using RPGmaker or another such tool that would provide all the basic mechanics and engine for them, so they could really work on their story and flavor. But instead all their energy has been soaked up getting mediocre mechanics and production values onto the screen, with nothing left to make it shine."
76561198080237604,Recommended,230070,19610334,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Morinn,Top notch RPG!
76561198050518927,Not Recommended,230070,31585903,Posted: 6 May,all,mctarabini,"I will keep it short because many other reviews address the same issue/s and come from the mouth of people that sunk more than my 3.4 hours into the game (my worst score on any steam game I think).I can live with steep learning curve, but I simply switch off the minute I feel a game is trying to dictate a path for me (be it through decisions or build). This is the perception this game gave me (and others by the look of it)! Overall I buy the whole idea - I actually bought the game on the basis that it would have been hard... I simply wished it was implemented differently.P.S.: I gave a far trashier review half an hour ago, however, after seeing the level of involvment of the dev in the comments section, I thought it fairer to adjust the review a notch. Wouldn't it be great if more developers were this attentive?"
76561197970934684,Not Recommended,230070,18472551,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Aetrion,"I bought this because I was interested in playing a game that has a low magic setting and allows a low combat playstyle, simply because I'm interested in seeing good ideas on how that can be accomplished.However, this game doesn't have any. Every single conversation option that carries you forward in any way simply checks if you have the right character values, so there is really no skillful way to navigate social situations, you just have to know what skills you need to pass the checks. The entire game is hard for all the wrong reasons. A single wrong decision can kill you, but there is no way to suss out the situation and get any kind of idea what will happen other than just trial and error.You get situations like this (spoilers): You're approached by a merchant who asks you to come to his house and check out his wares, the second you agree you are teleported to the house and locked in a room with two bandits, you get one more check of your dexterity to see if you can run away, failing that they immediately attack you. Unless your character is a skilled fighter (which you aren't with low dexterity) you're dead. You load, the merchant approaches you again, you refuse to go with him and continue on your way.Stuff like that is pretty much how this entire game goes down. You encounter a situation, you try to weigh the best response to it, the game throws a skill check at you, if you have the right numbers on your character sheet something good happens, if you fail something bad happens. The only way to skillfully navigate through gameplay like that is to simply know ahead of time what skill values you need to get a positive result before going into conversations.I have no problem with games that let you make bad choices, but when the bad results are down to skill checks I can't influence in any way I'm not really playing a game, since a game needs to have some kind of skill involved. Likewise, when there is an actual choice involved but picking the wrong thing then just boils down to: Load and pick the other thing there is no real gameplay, since only foreknowledge of the outcomes lets me make an informed decision.So basically: This game is extremely disappointing if you were hoping for a low magic / low combat game but aren't willing to completely forsake actual gameplay and just quicksave crawl through ""choose your own adventure"" style conversation trees that can kill you."
,Not Recommended,230070,22769837,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bise241,bad
76561198055503751,Recommended,230070,30494050,Posted: 13 March,all,michealc666,good stuff
,Recommended,230070,27364914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nauro,"The UI is something you might struggle with, but otherwise, the struggle is only to find all of the surprises the game offers.There are miriads of possibilities here, and while the game is quick to punish wishful thinking, it will also revard cleverness."
76561198130220505,Not Recommended,230070,33419182,Posted: 9 July,all,johnna.l.sturgeon,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I have put quite a bit of time into it and started three different characters in a vain attempt to find a build that would allow me to move forward with the story. I love the storyline, love the questing, love the look and feel of the world. But there are MANY encounters that cannot be resolved without combat no matter what kind of fast-talking/persuasion type skills you have taken. There are combat-only encounters that are triggered just by walking into a certain place and give you no option even to run away or leave, let alone talk. You can never increase your core stats, apparently. Money is painfully scant early in the game. I get that there shoud be consequences to your choices, and I'm all in favor of stupidity resulting in death. Carelessness, even. But when it gets to the point where you have to save your game before having a conversation, because if you make one wrong choice 7 or 8 dialogue points in, you end up in an ""optional"" fight from which you cannot flee and have zero chance of surviving, that's no longer the consequence of poor player choices but of poor design, IMO."
76561198002523515,Recommended,230070,22132074,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rein,True to classic RPGs. Very fun and engaging story. Many options for completing a quest. Game does not hold your hand
,Recommended,230070,23741475,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,geriatric attack,"Very interesting game. Combat is brutal and difficult, so patience is key. However its always fun to play a game that you can talk you're way through. Intriguing world that unfortunaly (imo) didnt have the best characters. Well worth a try, kudos to the devs!"
,Recommended,230070,28126409,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,darkmoose,"I do not remember how I came across this game but I am glad I did.Fresh set-up, good story, smart gameplay, makes you want to play again and again not because of addictiveness as a mechanic but to explore more about the world. That is what games should be about if they strive to leave a mark. This one did. I am in love with the mechanics espacially. I find this game superior to some old school RPG clone's popping up in the last few years."
,Recommended,230070,28016356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr Wombat,Excellent old school style RPG with a riduclous amount of replayability.
76561198017388752,Recommended,230070,22179307,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Berga,"Over the course of a week, I have systematically alienated friends and foes alike with my incessent ravings on this game.The one game it truly reminds me of is planescape torment, it has so much choice paths none of my many playthroughs have ever been the same. When games suggest they have nonlinear paths, they tend to overexaggerate. This game out of all the ones that I have played has the most complex and immersive storytelling.Lately I have been acheivement hunting to get 100% and still been finding new quests along the wayHowever it is brutal...So very brutal.Restart after 2 hours because of bad speccing brutal.And I love it!"
,Recommended,230070,27552469,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RomF@N,Best C&C in roleplaing game evar made.
76561198007369882,Recommended,230070,30366645,Posted: 6 March,all,The_H4cksaw,"This game is a total gem. If you like RPGs you will love this. One caveat, the learning curve is a bit brutal, you will die - repeatedly, you will be frustrated but once you start to figure things out you will be glad you had the patience."
76561197984996505,Recommended,230070,22168125,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Porno-Hajji,"Best game I've played in 2016 so far! If you like RPG's and turn based combat, this will please you! Everytime I play through regardless of the build I feel like im playing an episode of the HBO Rome series. It's gritty like HBO's Rome complete with violence and language but missing the boobs.I can't wait to see what else these guys come up with. Great concept of skill leveling and really interesting builds for classes. You can go all out combat or try something not so combat oriented and be just as successful.Great job!"
,Recommended,230070,27041473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Azuiel,"Different, deep and amazing old school RPG"
,Recommended,230070,22155441,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ahseph,"This game deserves some recognition and encouragement for sure.Age of Decadence is the good example of challenging (they called it hardcore, I don't agree, you just need to use your brain vs mindless hack and slash) and downright super fun RPGs that is sorely lacking (but slowly gaining attention, making a comeback)!You are able to choose to play between 8 different roles in a power struggle between 5 factions/powers. It is impossible to play a *GOD* character that is able to do everything in one playthrough. The game punishes you when you try to stretch your character too thin (eg. mercenary trying to be good with fighting skills yet trying to be a con-artist, sweet talker and at the same time stealing stuffs and sneaking around).You HAVE to become one with the character's role that you are trying to play in that playthrough in order to be sufficiently adequate to PROGRESS, yes you read that right, to PROGRESS. Think on your feet, prepare yourself like how you will if you are in the situation in other words, ROLEPLAY. This game although lacking in state-of-the-art graphics and requiring you to focus on your role, it did not disappoint by providing you with enough depth and lots of surprises along the way throughout your adventures and decisions. That is only if, you succeed in progressing. Otherwise you'll either forced to end your own life ingame (a.k.a restart, really there is like no other way if your sneak is not good enough because you want to improve your persuasion to convince someone but your persuation is also not good enough :p), or get pulled out and slaughtered like pigs in a pen, despite how unwilling you are. Be warned.'Nuff said, buy it and enjoy if you like a game that is as what I've described above. Recommend to buy it on a discount (which I did) and will be worth every cent."
76561198004025374,Recommended,230070,28884647,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Safety First,"A tasty dish, although fairly short once you have figured out its combat mechanics, tasty regardless."
76561198017188773,Recommended,230070,22262628,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Robineus,"It's not often I get surprised by a game, but this was certainly one of them, a pleasant surprise this time, this is truly one of the most indepth RPG's I've seen in an incredibly long time, boasting an interesting and for the most part balanced skill system and a gritty brutal world to explore it manages to apply the concept of replayability to something close to perfection by dramatically different choices, outcomes and experiences based on your character choice and in game choices. This isn't a Dragon age the same game once you reach Ostagar experience, it is a completely different story and adventure if you choose a mercenary who joins the legion vs a mercenary who joins the boatmen (to give an example). Although there are some major world events that are brewing which will remain the same but that is understandable.Definitely worth the money and the hours you will spend on the experience."
76561198271325423,Recommended,230070,26952085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sakarov,"""I’m making this game on a bold assumption that there are some people out there who are interested in complex games that aren’t made for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.""Vince D. Weller - in an interview to RockPaperShotgun, 2008If you think this game will hold your hand, think again. This game is much more likely to cut your hand off and make you eat it. Like a wild beast that you'll need to tame before playing with it, y'know ? I started by stumbling around, failing horribly at everything i tried. Then, when i felt i got the ropes, i started over. That's when i started to have fun and that happened after 2-3 hours.This game is realistic in the sense that pretty much everyone is a selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Including yourself if you're willing to survive. One consequence of that is the amount of swearing : every other guy will tell you to go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. So if you have a problem with that, well, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself :)The main selling point of the Age of Decadence is putting the ""choices matter"" tag to a whole new level. The game is fairly short to complete but every playthrough is different. It kinda reminded me of the good old Choose Your Own Adventure books. You can be anything from a bloodthirsty warrior that kills everyone in front of him to a cunning marchant who talks her way to political influence. Or something in between (that would be harder though, skill points are rare and precious). You should end up playing at least once with all 8 backgrounds (kind of classes but there is no pre-assigned skill point and you can do whatever you want) and even after that there will still be quests you never took and things you never did.Also worth noting is the fact that the developers are very active on Steam. I asked something once and i had an answer like two hours later. On a sunday afternoon. If i didn't already nominated this for the ""I though this game was cool before it won an award"" award i would have picked it for the custom award, the ""Committed developer"" award or something.Anyway. This game is good at what it does. You may not like what it does though. Try the demo first."
76561198000709613,Recommended,230070,27494974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bedouin Smith,I feel miserable in this game and somehow I'm enjoying it...
,Recommended,230070,22244262,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Knightly Knave,I'm really enjoying this game so far. Its combat is supposed to be difficult but I'll never know because I am focusing entirely on social skills and talking my way through the game. It's working great. I really enjoy games with the option to be non-violent if possible. Not every game will let you play your character like Miss Marple instead of Rambo.
76561197992588541,Recommended,230070,28103236,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Yulius,"This game is just great and i wonder why i never took the time to write a review for it considering i've been playing it since the beta and keep coming back to it.The game is very well designed with an epic story that unfolds differently depending on your role in the events. A drifter might finish it with very little knowledge of the overall plot or grasp every tiny bit of it while manipulating everyone he encounters to his own benefit, ending the game both rich and full of wisdom. A playthrough as a loremaster or a member of the assassin guild might give you totally different insights, considering the 3 powerfull families you can pledge yourself to, the different guilds and all the different path within each of them, the story is both deep and great. The content is monstruous and as of now all bugs have been cleared and content has been added making the game even better.Imagine you are given a job but your skill is too low so you fail it, well this is ok the story continue taking into account your failure, do it good and be rewarded, do it extremly well and maybe you'll earn yourself a promotion or an opportunity... But this can only be seens through multiple playthrough and this is something great about this game, it is not overly long but each playthrough can be absolutly different. You can complete the game without killing a soul or being a monstruous murderer with over 200 kills, or anywhere in between. You can lie, you can cheat, you can steal, plot, rob, murder, manipulate, betray, be a zealot, have honor, be true to your word, be of unquestionned loyalty and every of this will be taken into account both in term of dialog choices and npcs reactions.But the game is not all about dialogs, choices and story it also have a turn based combat system that i enjoyed a lot. Some may think it is randomn or offers no strategy but i can assure you there is. Fights that may seems unfair can be win given proper placement, strategy and using tools the game gives you. Crafting, alchemy, nets and bolas, different weapons or aiming different body parts all helps make some unforgiven fights a breeze. It might not be easy for newcomers and might require some time to apprehend but the options are there.What can i add? having played the game recently i think they did a great work adding locations, plants to pick up, randomn npcs activity and new places to rob and steal. It adds even more depth to an already really immersive world.The only thing i see that may annoy newcomers is how dependent on stats the game is. Failing a quest is almost always due to not having the proper skillcheck or attribute, this is something i consider normal in this type of game but some paths (thieve guild for example) might be seem as really hard or unfair if you didn't allocate the ""proper"" skills for the job. I must warn any newcomer that the game was not created with the idea of doing everything in a single playthrough. It is possible with a hybrid build but the game was designed to be played multiple time and failure as i already said is not a game over but part of the experience.I must insist that each playthrough are really different, it's not just a few lines, some content is hard or blocked unless you join a faction. This is in no way like in ""Tyranny"" where replaying the game gives little more than a few flavor text depending on choices, Age of Decadence did it the proper way !I also want to add that you might want to check there combat only ""mini"" game Dungeon Rats if you enjoy their combat, and stay tuned for the next game they are working on that will take us into space.."
76561198084572290,Recommended,230070,30820413,Posted: 29 March,all,grantgiblin,"Although i personally do not like this game i will still give it a thumbs up.Most negative reviews off this game are mainly going on about how you have to pick all your skill points very precisely and if you dont it limits what your character is able to do. Seems rather realstic to me you cant expect youre brute monster killer to be able to sweet talk some high level charcters into thinking you're after world peace, if you are sick of games where you solve every problem by killing everything in sight and have the problem later on of having too many skill points you end you end up dumping them into random useless skills then this is a brill game for you.This game does have quiet a bit of trial and error but not just through RNG, you have to decide early on who your character is going to be and then stick with it.I did enjoy the part where you cant kill all ten bandits within a lair, most of the time your will probably just manage to kill one before the others get you, instead you will either have to sneak in, negotiate a peace or find some other way completely out of the box.I wont be playing but still worth a recommend for people who enjoy this genre."
76561198011914349,Recommended,230070,21012222,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lance of Arabia,I did not find this game anywhere near decadent enough for my taste.
,Recommended,230070,22310019,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Capashin,"This is the best RPG I've played in years.  I want to tell you all about the crazy choices I made or the amazing setting and lore, but that would steal some of the magic from this gem.  If you like RPGs that focus on story, buy this game."
,Recommended,230070,22402544,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pika! Pika!,"This game is excellent and as far as I am concerned one of the best RPG games of this moment. I generally never write reviews, but made an exception this time as I think this game above and beyond all others earned my time for a review.The choices you can make in this game really do matter. Depending on your stats, skills, factions and decisions you are given a unique perspective of the ingame world. The replayability factor of this game is very high as a result of that as you never get to experience all the content in a single playthrough. Your experience is likely very different when you play as a Loremaster than as a Mercenary for example (when you focus on their assumed strengths that is, but this too is not written in stone). A Mercenary will generally experience plenty of combat, whilst a Loremaster generally avoids all combat, but instead discovers all the lore of the world of which Mercenaries generally remain clueless. This factors into the broad variety of endings one can work to. Of course there are plenty of starting alternatives such as Praetor, Merchant, Assassin, Thief, Drifter or Grifter which play very differently.RPG games are all about meaningful choices and well written stories. Both are incredibly well done in Age of Decadence. If we compare this for example to Baldur's Gate (which I still consider one of the best RPGs), we find that the level of intrigue is much greater in Age of Decadence. Many parties are out for themselves and depending on your lack of 'expertise' in a certain area, they probably will take advantage of you (just as you can take advantage of others when you are competent at a certain skill). Baldur's Gate in that sense was far more direct: kill and loot everything in an area and occasionally help someone when the reward seems greater before moving on to the next area. Age of Decadence can have far more lasting consequences and sometimes it can take a long time before revenge is taken. Age of Decadence adds the element of politics which greatly amplifies the depth of the game.The combat is also excellent in the sense that initially it takes some time to understand the interaction between weapons, armour, action points, different attacks, combat skills and support items (such as bolas, nets, grinding stones, various alchemy potions, poisons and bombs). In Baldur's Gate what was the best armour was generally obvious and there was no debate. In Age of Decadence, what is the best armour depends up to great extents to the amount of action points you have available and your skill level. If you immediately wear the best armour and the best shield for example without being proficient in them, you will hardly be able to block any attacks and hit anyone. What is best thus very much depends on your proficiencies. Many other games are far more simplistic in this regard. What is the case for armour is also the case for weapons in Age of Decadence. There is no 'best weapon by default'. In all fairness the variety that spellcasting offered in Baldur's Gate was great and Age of Decadence does not have this, but there is plenty of complexity involved in Age of Decadence to make combat intriguing and challenging.Age of Decadence does not have a truly open world exploration like Baldur's Gate does, but I do not think open world exploration would be appropriate for this kind of game. For Baldur's Gate it is easy as every problem is generally solved by means of swords and spells and whilst resolving all problems by means of combat are an option in Age of Decadence, it is far from the only solution. You might for example intimidate, bluff, persuade, impersonate, steal, sneak, poison, assassinate or run and flee towards a solution. Perception, constitution, strength, dexterity, intelligence and charisma all play a role for various solutions in the game. Some characters might not notice certain items or objects in the world. Others might not be smart enough to use certain items. Some might not have enough constitution or be dexterous and/or strong enough to accomplish a certain task. You can be sure of one thing and that is that you cannot do everything properly at the same time. You have the make tough choices. Age of Decadence has certain areas and events which will only be discovered if certain requirements are met and thus for these two reasons a completely open world would not be optimal. In any case Age of Decadence does not feel like it is not an open world. In certain ways, the events that take place are much more dynamic than those in Baldur's Gate. Exploring an area can get you in all kinds of trouble which was far less the case in Baldur's Gate. At the same time, Age of Decadence does have an excellent travel system, so that the tediousness of travelling is completely gone.Another thing I like is the functionality that the skill crafting offers in terms of stripping items into basic crafting materials after which custom made armour and weapons can be made. Other skills such as alchemy are great in their own way by offering a great variety of options (which generally tend to complement combat skills). This kind of flexibility besides the great variety of social skills was completely lacking in Baldur's Gate.I have noticed some state that Path of Exile is a far better game than Age of Decadence. I have played both games extensively and I have to disagree. Path of Exile is just mainly about combat and grinding. It has no politics, social skills, factions or intrigue of any kind. Path of Exile does have excellent character customisation, but so does Age of Decadence in its own way. The story of Path of Exile is all in all terrible. It has illogical events....some are there merely to look cool. Path of Exile is lacking in the lore department. Age of Decadence does not have that and the true extent of that only becomes known when playing as a Loremaster. All in all Path of Exile and Age of Decadence are both great games (just to be clear). They are generally not meant for the same kind of players. Some players do not care too much about being immersed in the game....they prefer to skip the lore component of games and just get straight to fighting and for those players Path of Exile is the better game, but for players who want to be immersed in intrigue and get a great story, then Age of Decadence is the far better choice. Few games provide so many avenues which can lead to the acquirement of power just as is the case in the real world.I do not think this game is for those gamers who want to play the all star hero who excels at everything simultaneously (and does not lose). Then again, this kind of gamer is generally impatient, prefers high quality graphics and dislikes reading. This game might not have the greatest of graphics, but graphics alone do not make a game great. Most games with great graphics are generally shallow. This game certainly is anything but shallow. It is true that Age of Decadence has a fair amount of text to read through at times, but it does add a level of immersion which would not be possible by other means. If you are not one of the above described gamers and like immersive RPGs which are full of intrigue and choices which really do matter, then I think you will find this game awesome. In a way it is like Game of Thrones. If you think the purchase price is high, then I would recommend putting it on your wishlist until it is on discount. I certainly think it is worth buying."
76561198001904907,Recommended,230070,31716829,Posted: 12 May,all,DirtyGoblin,"It had a steep learning curve but once you got the hang of it, it was well worth it. A few moment made me pull my hair in frustration but in general it's a fun game. I played a Boatman of Styx, and had most of my skills focused on knife-fightin' alchemy 9poison :D) and some persuasion and such.Some points I couldn't access because my dudeling lacked appropriate skills, or got cut down brutally. Even so, the game was still fun enough to coax a second playthrough."
76561198040711515,Recommended,230070,28889719,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrbunnyban,"This game should be named ""Age of Skill Checks"", heh. Really, the game works best if you treat it as some weird mash-up between an adventure game and the typical CRPG. Exploration and pushing your character points into non-combat skills like crazy is the best way to see all the features of this game, NOT through combat. Combat, while mechanically sound, is not the focus of this game. The game tells you time and time again to avoid combat. You CAN succeed in all the combat encounters the game, but it is highly not recommended unless you are extremely stubborn and know what you are doing.So the draw of the game is mostly the same as an adventure game: exploration and puzzle solving. Except in this case the game's puzzles are solved through your choice of allocating points into non-combat skills. In other words, you pick and choose which story elements you want to uncover through judicious reloading the game then reallocating your pool of spare stat points into the various non-combat skills til you find the right combination.Alternatively, and probably a better idea, give up on trying to see all the story elements/features in a single playthrough, and rather play throught the game ONCE focusing on one general way of solving problems, accepting that you cannot solve every type of problem and focusing on solutions you can find. Realistically, you can't be expected to do everything.Just not combat. Don't focus purely on combat. You'll thank me later."
76561198037817780,Recommended,230070,31968832,Posted: 26 May,all,megapape,"Age of decadence is quite a good game, to me almost as good as Tyrany. It is lacking a few things to be a great game, but it is definitively worth a shot:The good points:-The depicted world is quite unusual, it is not medieval, or really post apocalyptic. It is more related to Antiquity and roman empire.-Choosing a specific class of hereos, will greatly affect the gameplay, the stroryline. I tried the game with a loremaster, and an assasin, it was two completely different experiences ! I found the game very hard and frustrating with a non fighting character.- Overall, you have to acknowledge your weakness, and you have to think twice before making a decision, expecially if it triggers a fight. It really puts you under pressure.- Fighting is quite interesting, even though it can be frustating as it requires luck.- The bad points:- The camera is frustrating... Thanksfully there is a very convenient icone to center on your character.- The game is short ! And the end is just disappointing... happening while you don t expect it...- There are minimal interactions with the landscapes,, worse when you have to find a specific object, or door, you have to browse through the whole screen with your mouse for detection. Overall, oustide from the fight sequences, the gameplay is quite a pain.- When you tour a place (e.g. buildings) If you don't have enough perception, thus you don't find anything at all, period.- Your basic character statistics don't evolve during the game, so make sure that you create correctly your character.- Crafting, alchemistry, do not appears very useful (better put your points to level up somewhere else)In summary, If you like tyranny, if you are not too picky about graphics, and gameplay, you should appreciate AoD. However, I will definitely not put more than 10-15 bucks for this game..."
,Recommended,230070,29198503,Posted: 11 January,all,2142today,This game is THE most interesting crpg I've played in a while.Your choise reallyMEANSsomething.
76561198022859686,Recommended,230070,21681300,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ctan66,an amazing game that has stolen so much of my time
76561198044239882,Recommended,230070,25215816,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,dshammer,"Best old school RPG ever. Great choice and consequences, settings and challenge. Bit less linear would be great."
,Recommended,230070,29258431,Posted: 14 January,all,The Grinning Ghost,"It is a beautifully crafted RPG with an incredible amount of choices and free thinking involved. However, the ending - to me - was quite underwhelming, but I loved being able to play a non-combatant character who used his wit and guile to make it through."
76561198042295828,Recommended,230070,18838701,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,justinfraser123,Great game. Plenty of options. Very difficult.Make more :)
76561198007241812,Recommended,230070,23836453,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Veknus,One of few games I had some trouble going pass the initial areas with certain archetypes. The game in itself is challenging fairly low graphic requirements with a great story to boot of your character trying to survive.
,Recommended,230070,23103348,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"This game brings me back to playing old school games like Baldurs Gate or Fallout. If you like ""Text heavy"", ""Turn Based"" games, then this is a must try. Its incredibly difficult but thats part of why it shines so much. The world is amazing as well. Like a Apocolyptic roman era."
76561197973497327,Recommended,230070,18570703,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Genghis Chron,<3 <3 <3
76561197985763710,Not Recommended,230070,22244405,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ladorie,Leaves you wanting and then destroys your hopes with the possible endings.
,Recommended,230070,25476564,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Wanny,"BUY IT.If you're a fan of Arcanum, Baldur's gate and others games from Bioware, Troika and Obsidian.Full of choices and consequences."
,Recommended,230070,32751715,Posted: 24 June,all,Panzram,This game is a great top-down story based RPS in the tradition of Planescape Torment and other story driven RPS like they don't make anymore. Much replayability. Can't reccomend enough.
,Recommended,230070,18494434,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,biggest cuckold in australia,get this game fam
,Recommended,230070,18448645,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr Default,This a real RPG not one of those mass marketed products sold to sheep to make easy money off graphics and what not. Love the post apocalyptic Roman setting. A lot of choice in structuring your chacter and chosseing some intersting combiantions that require you to llok at a problem at a diffrent angle rather than run around a mindlessly murder everything with your favoirte tool of destrcution. It is non-linear so it gives you a good look at the story from multiple perpectives and you can piece togther through multiple play throughs what happened. Overall a really great in depth game excitited for their future games.
,Not Recommended,230070,22230555,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cuchulane,"I loved this game, right up until the end game. I did find some of the frustration in needing to reload to add points to stats at differrent points, but in the end game you can be completely screwed if you didn't invest in one or two certain traits that may have been the complete opposite of your build. And everything that makes this game special, everything people are praising it for in the write ups, goes right down the tubes in the ending. I was having a blast, then utter disappointment with an end game that seems hokey and hackneyed. What a waste."
,Not Recommended,230070,31536610,Posted: 3 May,all,ToCa81,"Good ideas, but poor execution. I tried to play first as a mercenary, but the combat in this game is so atrocious that I started over as a different character. The setting and lore of the game are interesting, so I stuck it out to the end, but the gameplay is just really poorly implemented. The only way I found any enjoyment in this game was doing everything I could to avoid combat. It got so bad that I would immediately reload my game if I was forced to fight anybody. I even tried to solve one quest by manipulating a group of guards into fighting off some assassins for me. I then watched for about 15 minutes as the 2 groups flailed pitifully at each other as if they were blind lepers. So of course I had to reload and then talk my way to a different outcome. For a game centered on choice, I really felt like I didn't have much if I actually wanted to accomplish anything. The graphics are also pretty mediocre, but that could be forgiven if the gameplay was solid. Unfortunately it is not."
76561198211852248,Not Recommended,230070,33207896,Posted: 3 July,all,katacoo,"Not worth playing. The game expects way too much out of you right from the start, from vague skill check requirements to frustrating combat. Either you play a passive, civil character and pray that you never have to fight anyone AND spend all your time save scumming skill checks, or you play a fighter and get your♥♥♥♥♥pushed in trying to juggle hit ratios and stat penalties while receiving hardly any skill points for when you do survive a fight. You can't ever raise your base attributes, so you're ♥♥♥♥ed if your character is in any way subpar for the path you're going for. Just one pain in the♥♥♥♥♥after another, is what this ""game"" is."
,Recommended,230070,13315390,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Simon Exile,"Most people I know who play this game love it for the rich tactical combat, the gritty fight-or-flight realism or the unrelenting difficulty. While all three of those assets are truly impressive, what I find most flattering about the game is the story and atmosphere. Whereas a game such as Fallout clearly shows the decline of humanity into its current state, The Age of Decadence merely places you in the center of it without a truly clear idea of what's to come or what came before. I find myself utterly fascinated at how a civilization was crushed before it even began without so much as a clue as to what led up to it. One of the most intriguing concepts for a story I've seen in a long time!As to the combat, realism and difficulty...what else can be said that hasn't already been written about? Buy this game!"
76561198006367564,Recommended,230070,12442413,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hisey,"Extremely awesome game!Love the difficultyLove the storyLove the mechanicsHas helped me get over being an obsessive completionist.Especially if I treat it like a roguelike, I tend to forget to save anyway, and it lets me replay so much of it over and over.Get it,Get it now!"
76561198012070686,Not Recommended,230070,18569277,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,chrisbergy,"Sorry to say this but i think this game is plain awefull.  I am ashamed that I was buffaloed into thinking this was a good buy.  Ten years in production.....really?  A bitter disappointment from....graphics to music to game play.  The game is nothing but skill checks.  The setting is agreat idea....but alas the play is dreadfull.  Usually, the reviews on steam are pretty on target....as an RPG you seem to have no bearing on events.  If you have a high enough points in a skill you pass and there is your game.  Perhaps I am missing the point and this is no knock on those who like it."
,Not Recommended,230070,19353528,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,teros001,"Let me start by saying that Age of Decadence isn't a bad game, at least not as far as I could tell.  It's clearly a game where the developers have put effort into in terms of decisions and consquences.  It's also a game that is exactly as it is advertised: really hard and unforgiving.That said, I just couldn't get into it Age of Decadence.  I really wanted to enjoy this game, but I guess it's just not the game for me (and, thus, I have a hard time recommending it to others).  While interacting with other characters was fun and I was interested in seeing the impact I could have on the world, the world itself was not particularly interesting or fun.  There is a moment where you feel like the game might encourage and reward exploration, but places outside of the main cities are small and serve little purpose other than their original quests.  It becomes really hard to care about what's going on or your role in it.The combat system does not make this any easier.  It's a simple (not in a bad way) system, and the game doesn't lie when it says its very difficult.  It is, but not in a good way.  I don't mind difficult games, and I typically feel like greater difficulty enhances the gameplay experience, but the difficulty here feels artificial and forced.  Losing isn't learning experience that helps you figure out a puzzle, it's just frustrating.  And, consquently, winning isn't particularly rewarding either.Finally, there's not much to say about the story.  It's not bad, but it's not particularly interesting either.Again, the game isn't bad, but can I honestly recommend it to others?  No, I can't.  I wanted a refund but I was 3 hours over the limit, so I guess this review will have to do.  Thanks Steam!"
,Recommended,230070,16995116,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Revan Tair,"This game is recommended for Min-Maxing Players and Metagamer, ONLY!If you don't want to do 'trial-and-error' all the time, then do yourself a favor and hurry out of this steampage.For those of you, that are Min-Maxer and/or Metagamers, here you go, take this game and choke on it.Its story is very catchy, imo. That's the only reason, that I still PLAY this game.Edit: Will review, when bigger content/ skill check patch is up. Still is minmaxing/ railroading into fight too much.Edit2: Will rereview it, when I have time. ffs so many updates D:"
,Recommended,230070,26722463,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TasTe,"The Best Game i've ever played since Baldur's Gate...i will update my review as soon as i finish my first playthrough....First 22 hours of gameplay : 10/10  MasterpieceIl miglior gioco che abbia mai giocato dai tempi di Baldur's Gate.....lo finisco e scrivo una recensione piu' accurata....Prime 22 ore di gioco : 10/10 CapolavoroUpdate :I recommend this game not only  to every hard core role playing game fan but also to people looking for a different experience.This is the best game i've ever played since games like Baldur's Gate , Planescape : Torment , Morrowind and even DIablo and Diablo 2 .Why Baldur's Gate ? The graphics , the artwork , the taste behind every choice made by the developers ( i think this game has one of the best graphics in the game history because graphics is not just about effects and realism .... it is mainly about style....and taste....at least for me )Why Planescape : Torment ? The lore , the choices you have to make , the amount of text and the quality of plot and storytelling.AmazingWhy Morrowind? The World , the immersion , the freedom you experience since the beginning of the game ( and this is a tiny little game compared to morrowind . you do not need vastity to make someone fell FREE in the game )Why Diablo ?? The ATMOSPHERE ....the mistery ... the colors.... the evil yet fascinating essence behind every corner in every location of this game.I would like to thank the developers for giving us this Diamond in this ""age of  decadence"" for gaming.Consiglio questio gioco ai fan del gioco di ruolo puro ma anche a chi vuole provare qualcosa di diverso dal solito.Confermo che questo e' il miglior gioco che abbia mai giocato dai tempi di Baldur's Gate , Planescape : Torment , Morrowind , e anche Diablo e Diablo 2.Perche' Baldur's Gate? La grafica , i disegni , il gusto dietro ogni scelta fatta dagli sviluppatori ( secondo me il gioco ha una delle piu belle grafiche nella storia dei videogiochi .... a mio avviso la grafica non e' solo ""effetti"" o ""realismo "" .... ma soprattutto Gusto  e Stile...almeno per me )Perche Torment ? La storia , non solo quella narrata ma quella scritta e presente ""dietro"" a quella narrata dal gioco . Il modo in cui viene narrata . IncredibilePerche' Morrowind ? Il mondo di gioco , L'immersione . la liberta' che proverete fin dalle prima fasi di gioco ( e questo gioco è minuscolo rispetto a Morrowind ... non serve una mappa enorme per dare quella sensazione al giocatore)Perche' Diablo ? L'Atmosfera , i colori , quella sensazione di misterioso ( ricordo le prime fasi di diablo 1 ) quell'aria di maligno e affascinante presente in ogni locazione che esplorerete .Grazie agli sviluppatori per aver tirato fuori questo diamante in un momento buio per questo genere di giochi."
76561198007368644,Recommended,230070,30543223,Posted: 16 March,all,"Mount and blade, The guy",dis♥♥♥♥♥♥great for people who want a hell of a challenge in a rpg
76561198041216334,Recommended,230070,18566737,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Regell,Original No rating review.  Edited comments below:I only say no to recommending this soley on the current listed price of $29.99.  It's simply not worth this much for what you get.  Firstly you would expect an indie title like this to pay around 9.99 (I could even see paying 19.99) but not 30.  The gameplay is fun and the world story is pretty good.  Combat is very sluggish and uninteresting.  I understand combat is not a main focus of the game and the devs actually encourage you to seek a non combat method to solving problems but it almost appears like they spent little to no time developing the combat system.  The game is not that long either and there is little to no ending.  Once you complete the storyline instead of being treated to a well deserved ending (which is the main drive for finishing a RPG) you are immidietly taken back to the main menu which is such a anticlimax and a let down. The devs have stated the game is about the replayability and not the ending but that seems like a cop out response to their lack of creating closure to their story. Overall out of 5 I'd give it a 2.5.  Half way decent and I suppose if you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money just lying around and looking for a game then try it otherwise I advise you to wait until this drops down to 5 or 10 dollars because for 30 it just is not worth it.Edited:  I have been watching a lot of let's plays recently about this game and have played a bit more than from my initial released review. Although I still disagree with the pricing of the game I will say that the story and the amount of care that went into the history of the world has warrented me changing my recommendation from no to yes.  If you are an avid fan of turn based RPG's that are challenging and make you think with a cleverly written history then I do recommend you pick up a copy for yourself.
76561198013625464,Recommended,230070,28655179,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mick,"This game is as brutal as it is well made. Not many games are made with this level of detail anymore. A true credit to the developers. Don't let that distract you! Death lies around every corner!It has a similar feel as Baldur's gate, but without having a party and without the magic."
,Recommended,230070,22145321,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,"the achievement told you to die on the first fight, so i die..."
,Recommended,230070,22148931,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,cj,"Did a few missions and couldn't beat a fight, so I went and saved until I could afford the strongest armour I could find. Got shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥and kited by an archer who kept saying 'I'm gonna ♥♥♥♥ you up!'.He did ♥♥♥♥ me up.10/10"
76561198064889585,Recommended,230070,28912022,Posted: 1 January,all,brainscience,"LOVE this game. I'll be honest, the first 8 hours were frustrating trying to figure out the combat system and having to restart (due to lack of understanding of mechanics). Luckily this game is absolutely designed to be restarted 8921375 times and is INCREDIBLY rewarding when you do understand the system and start using it to your advantage.My only regret with this purchase is that I bought it on sale so I couldnt pay the full price. If you're on the fence and like the genre (story rich, turn based grid combat) BUY IT NOW YOU FOOL.BUY IT"
76561197970675420,Recommended,230070,31570556,Posted: 5 May,all,Gooth,"Completed an entire playthrough and only killed one person by my own hands... Oh, plenty died by my words :)This game is so well put together and thought through, it's mind boggling to think about just how many different variable paths were crafted to accomodate for the players choice. YES, your choices matter and they make a difference on the events and characters that shape and inhabit the world. YES combat is hard - but if you really thought that being the arena champion was going to be easy then you've been playing too much D&D. You are NOT the chosen one - well, there is that one super secret and difficult 'god' end game you can vie for... but getting there you will certainly NOT be Mr. (or Mrs.) all powerful.The writing. Seriously. So. Good.An example -Playthrough as a Lore Master - Feng tells me a story about an ancient family heirloom, a magical ring passed down and forgotten over the ages. Revealling the ring, shinning with it's power, I ask ""wow, is it truly that same ring?"" - Feng looks at me like an idiot - He thought he trained me better than that. It's a story, the one I'm to sell to the Lord of the city. Suddenly I understand... Then playing as a Mercenary, I complete a task for Feng and what do I get offered as a reward? Well, that very same ring accompanied by that very same story of course! Lucky for me I had done my first play through as a Lore Master and not as a Mercenary, otherwise, like a typical RPG playing idiot I would have seized the ring and been wearing a useless piece of metal for the rest of the game!Also, yeah, go ahead... Listen to that kid who's scared to go into the slums but wants you to deliver a package, I'm sure it'll work out just fine...Don't be an idiot. Buy this game. Play it. Love it. And realize just how silly some of those typical RPG tropes are... I mean, sure, you can still walk into that sketchy alleyway with those 3 thugs... but all I'm saying is if you do... Good luck :)"
,Recommended,230070,22179316,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Godboss,"The whole storyline is compeling, for a small indie studio they made a very strong effort. The mechanics are quite intuitive for RPG experts and the whole twist they created to the perishable character makes this a high replay rate game. I can't wait to see what they will bring out next. Great job guys!"
76561198008367996,Recommended,230070,25793018,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cameron,Made a girl character and took my shirt off and then the guards♥♥♥♥♥♥shamed me. Cool game would reccomend.
76561198031154705,Recommended,230070,22181657,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,theonewhoslacks,"This game is quickly becoming one of my favorite games of all time.Pros:-the differences between classes and the different stories each class experiences.-the many different options for completing encounters. Talk or fight-the setting-the story and writing-the difficulty of combat, while hard to master, it really makes the game enjoyableCons:-the graphics are a bit dated, they remind me of a scaled down version of mount and bladeIf you enjoy isometric rpg's do yourself a favor and check this game out. It is well worth your time! An absolute gem."
,Recommended,230070,18596929,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,soueukrl,"The creator of this game is the closest thing I’ve ever had of a hero on my long life on the internet.He went on innumerous flame wars across the web not only to defend his view and his game, but also the turn-based formula and his ideas on gaming.He threw himself in the middle of the ♥♥♥♥♥torm and came out cleaner.He's been advocating in favor of putting the Role Playing back into the RPG formula for at least a decade. This game is not only a unique experience, but also a sequence of unique experiences.Every character you create has the opportunity to participate in events from a different perspective, and I`m not talking about some different set of armor or a few different dialogue options. This is the real deal. This is what you`ve been looking for, when you scavenged through the internet in search for something grimdark, something without fireballs being thrown around, where intrigue and persuasion can solve most problems(and create new ones entirely).Perhaps you can manipulate the situations, or be a pawn to the power players.  More likely, you won’t even know what is really happening in your first playthrough.As you uncover the many secrets and possibilities of the story, you`ll want to live through a different part of it. See how you can influence the world, and learn every possible path and secret.That`s why I`m a fan of this guy. He and his companions not only made the game they wanted to make, but also one that they thought we wanted too. A game where actions do have consequences, where every choice can be your last, and where you can`t be everything at once. But you`ll want to play again and again, living different lives, truly roleplaying your characters.I can`t think of any other roleplaying experience as enjoyable as this one.This is like what Ultima Online would have been if Richard Garriot hated the internet and worshipped some elder gods from outer space.And had any ♥♥♥♥ing common sense."
,Recommended,230070,23984840,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aquila Iovis,PERSONAL PRO+++ Fluent story & gameplay++ Many interactions & choices+ Interesting setting & charactersPERSONAL CONTRA-- Randomness in combat
,Recommended,230070,21959634,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,wishsong,"Challenging RPG!-Mount and Blade graphics-""Original"" Everquest feel-King of Dragon Pass Gameplay-The challenge of GothicYes it is that kind of old school."
,Recommended,230070,26370681,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Glassman823,"An amazing game if you can get this on a sale. Very compelling story, with very interested ways to get around problems. But, for what it is, 30 bucks is a bit much. If you can find it for say, 15 or 20, then get it. I've enjoyed it a great deal."
76561198007700800,Recommended,230070,27139450,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evo,"my ""I thought this game was cool..."" nominee"
,Recommended,230070,28193299,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rock Hardstone,A challenging game with a great replay value due to the immersiveness of gameplay options.  I Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,230070,22104681,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,necrosand,"Being polite, this game is good."
76561198030871925,Recommended,230070,28647597,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Daigotsu,"Enjoyed it quite a bit as a merchant.  Felt like a point-and-click adventure where you got to play a very conniving person.  Definitely a game worth picking up, IMO."
76561198283502381,Recommended,230070,22094029,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,caleross02,Very realistic game.
,Recommended,230070,31746086,Posted: 14 May,all,Carpe Verpa,"So, the Age of Decadence. What is there to say about it? Quite a bit, actually. I'll try to be as concise as I can, but with so many levels to work with, and so much to be said, that may be easier said than done.First, the major sticking point: The gameplay. This is a point of contention among players, especially new ones, and for good reason. The combat isn't quite like anything most players have experienced. The game does not exaggerate when it says that you will die. A lot. The question is, is this a good thing?To answer that, let us look at the combat itself. The mechanics are deceptively simple, yet employ a great deal of nuance, and requires some learning and getting used to. You can't just pick up a sword and thunder into battle without knowing what you're doing, much like in real life. This design philosophy permeates much of the game, both in how stats work and the mechanics themselves. If you don't understand the mechanics, you'll die. A lot.At first, this can be challenging. Frustrating, even. Learning how to properly distribute skill points and what strikes are suitable for which situations is an arduous task. But it can be done. And once it is done, combat becomes much more interesting, even entertaining. And with sufficient investment, one can become equipped to fight off entire armies. The initial learning curve can be difficult to get over, but behind it lies an engaging and entertaining game.Much easier, yet still problematic, are the non-combat options. Indeed, there are many of them. One can go through the entire game without ever picking a single fight. Even then, however, and to my personal chagrin, it is difficult if not impossible to play the game in a way that most would deem moral or good. You will still routinely find yourself engaging in dishonesty, crime, and all around bad behavior.Is this a bad thing? Depends. Certainly these options are fleshed out and provide satisfying and rewarding conclusion. And in serving the game's ethos, it works very well. After all, the world is a harsh and unforgiving one, and you must be likewise to survive in it. For those who long for more optimism, however, there is little to be had. But if you can stand a bit of pessimism, then the game has much to offer in terms of storytelling and worldbuilding.Speaking of this, I'd be remiss to not mention the lore. The lore is expansive, deep, and well developed. It also seems mostly well put together, with few if any plotholes, logical inconsistencies, or the like. The story that plays out is just as much, and brilliantly told in each locale. While one cannot learn everything in one playthrough, one might find this to enhance the experience, rather than take away from it. Each playthrough is a different piece of the jigsaw puzzle. You learn much that you hadn't known before, in addition to getting a completely different gameplay experience.Indeed, this is a game that handles replayability very well, as there is much to do, be it following different questlines to get vastly different perspectives, taking on different playstyles to see what other methods have to offer, or even seeing entirely different results to the same basic scenarios purely because of how you end up getting involved. For those who wish to see the whole game in one sitting, this is a great failing. But for those who don't mind replaying a few times, it offers much incentive to do so.With those major discussions out of the way, a few minor points.One of my biggest disappointments with the game is a lack of diversity in the cast. Though there is a decent deal of racial and cultural  diversity, despite the Roman-inspired setting, the gender diversity is sorely lacking. Of all the named characters in the game, very few of them are women, and fewer still, if any, have any role to play in the overarching plot. Though this is not a weakness that fully detracts from the experience, it is a weakness all the same, especially for those who find diversity in their games to be important.Fortunately, one is at least capable of diversifying their PCs. Both male and female options are available, as are a variety of skin tones, and for better or worse, neither of them have any effect on the plot, save for pronoun choice. A minor point tacked onto a minor point, but take it as you will.In addition, despite the world's rich setting, it can be impersonal at times. The player character has no permanent companions, nor constant friends, nor even friends or family in general. One simply has impersonal employers, who guide them about to complete tasks until they have nothing left to ask for, or until the player takes it upon themselves to set a different course. This ties in well with the pessimistic tone of the game. There is little good to be seen in this world, and little to truly care about. Characters, though well-developed and at times memorable, are rarely endearing, except in how terrible they can be. There are few chances to demonstrate levity, or personality, or compassion. Most interactions are limited to business and information gathering, even if there is a wide range of options in pursuing a chosen goal.The options are another thing to speak of. The game offers many, in many forms, and it not only adds replayability, but accomodates many a playstyle. Seldom will you be locked out of proceeding on the whole, even if you are locked out of a specific path. And even then, the player base and devs will generally be happy to help you if you end up stuck. This interactivity is by far one of my favorite aspects of the game. No matter what happens, you're generally not going to find yourself completely stuck unless you have a very specific goal, or if you choose not to dig deep enough.But in summation to this long and rambling treatise, if you're thinking about picking this game up, but are still on the fence, try the demo. That the devs cared enough about properly demonstrating their game that they were willing to put out a demo shows a great deal of integrity that ought to be appreciated in this day and age. Whatever else can be said about the game, one cannot deny that the team cares about what they've created, and those who might decide to enjoy it."
76561198089226372,Recommended,230070,34429507,Posted: 22 August,all,GENJI!,"Just make sure you know what you're getting into. The game is more or less a masterpiece, just find out if it's for you or not."
76561198029783635,Recommended,230070,21073932,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Loc,What I have always wanted for my Civilization IV Roman legion - blackpowder bombs
,Recommended,230070,22096544,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SuperBo3,"ok game, took me 4,7 hr to complete first run as merchant, and was stuck atleast 1 hour in that time.i had hoped for the merchant route to have more content i had hopes of having something to use my money on, maybe investing in shops or setting up trade routes or anything :(biggest con about this game it seems no matter what route you choose you always seem to end up at the temple i had hoped the game had multiple varried endings, so far ive tried merchant, assassin and drifter psyco areana master, if theres other endings i havent encountered em yet"
76561198067338892,Recommended,230070,29177806,Posted: 10 January,all,D-man,"This game is a hidden gem. It does not have good graphics but I like everything else. Highly recommended for RPG fans and fans of turn based combat,cons:-graphicspros:-choices matter-combat(turn based). It's kinda hard in the beginning but once you discover the different attacks and when to use them, you will like it."
76561198032608094,Recommended,230070,31293703,Posted: 22 April,all,Godbluff,"The 700+ hours I spent playing Age of Decadence really speak for themselves.This game has many merits, but one of the best aspects is the replayability: no matter how many times you finish it, you're still likely to discover something new on your next playthorugh. Your actions will truly have consequences and affect the game world to a degree that is very rare in a computer game.Also, the writing is very good and the combat system is hands down the most entertaining and gratifying I ever found in an RPG."
,Recommended,230070,23802537,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,vlad.bartel,A truly old-school game for hardcore RPG players !!!
76561197992708311,Recommended,230070,22509415,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Machete,"Dated graphics completely made up for by fantastic writing and gameplay. If you liked Fallout 1/2, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198027117855,Recommended,230070,32494301,Posted: 16 June,all,Clint Eastwood,"Tired of being unable to get a consistent group of people together for D&D? You may still be alone, but now you have the closest thing to a good AI DM (dungeon master) that you can find. No this game is not set in the D&D universe, but I would compare it to any classic pen and paper/tabletop RPG. Your choices have a true impact on the story, and the story itself is lore-rich and enticing. One of my favorite aspects of the game is its pacing: the style and means by which they execute story sequences is masterful. It is hard to explain in words, but basically there are sequences where you jump from one scene to another. You may encounter combat, or you may manage to avoid it entirely. Through focusing on the right skills (and a bit of save scumming), I managed to get through everything while avoiding combat and killing others. The shame is that I really enjoy the combat, it's just the character I've been playing avoids it at all costs (a diplomatic loremaster of sorts). Time to truly be ANYTHING! You want to be a merchant? Go ahead! There is such a plethora of approaches that one could take to playing this game, each as satisfying and unique as the last. Some people may complain about the graphics, but I really don't mind them. This game has me so immersed that I don't worry about things like whether or not the graphics could be better.Overall I would give this game a 9.5/10. While it would be a welcome addition to see all of this with reworked graphics/animations, the game as a whole is very solid. The event sequences are perhaps my favorite aspect of the game, as they are reminiscent of a good DM keeping pace with the story's progression. Even the combat animations are surprisingly well done. The story is outstanding, and the choices one makes are markedly meaningful. The game offers what seems to be a large game world, allowing you to travel to the locations that you have discovered. I look forward to discovering what other sorts of secrets the game has in store, but thus far I am loving it! There is another game based off of the same lore called Dungeon Rats (I believe that's the title). I will probably check that out as well, while it seems more combat focused, the addition of group play is welcome. For now, I shall be exploring and challenging myself in AoD. I would put this right up there alongside one of my other favorite games at this time: Kenshi. They are different games, but I enjoy both greatly. I simply need to spend more time on AoD, idk why I hadn't played this game more!TLDR: Great game that accomodates for numerous playstyles (like a tabletop RPG), would recommend! 9.5/10!P.S. Devs, PLEASE make some sort of DM mode! The pacing of event sequencing that AoD allows for is perfect for such things! Or make a new game that involves a DM mode, perhaps in Dungeon Rats? Either way the lore is unique and rich enough that people would surely relish the opportunity to create stories in the AoD setting! Thank you, amazing game!"
,Recommended,230070,33267386,Posted: 5 July,all,Ironbug : The Anarchist Hero,"...Everyone thinks in a Fantasy world they would be a 'hero'.This separates the men from the boys. A grueling, Low Fantasy RPG."
,Recommended,230070,18826919,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AsaOfHearts,Hard....
76561198152845935,Recommended,230070,19404793,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Markdancedcrazy,"Buy it, It's really good."
,Recommended,230070,32231710,Posted: 6 June,all,Jaster,"I love the game.Too bad it hates me....But really, the game has a wonderfully engaging story with extensive, deep lore. The replayability in this game is like nothing else, especially due to the fact that you CAN NOT do everything with one character. Select skill focuses will reveal parts of a larger story, and select choices can make or break your character very quickly.  This game IS NOT for the light hearted, and WILL NOT be be kind to those who play it like a typical, easier RPG."
,Recommended,230070,21473298,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Thy Sire,one of the best RPG games
76561198052847905,Not Recommended,230070,22279280,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Deminex,"I think this game confused 'bad' for 'difficult' it's unintuitive, and it's difficulty isn't the 'this is a challenge' kind it's the 'this is a waste of my time' kind. Even during it's better moments it was underwhelming."
,Recommended,230070,23246741,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[RedHand] Frigidfrost,"Imma try a review in one sentence.-A very immersive, brutal, challenging, intelligent, and unique indie RPG that is a must buy if you like all the above in an RPG."
76561197989737094,Not Recommended,230070,29301357,Posted: 16 January,all,Traksimuss,"Game does bring some of the nostalgy back, times of Might and Magic series and even earlier.But, the game corners you with being totally not user friendly. I could find a lot of things in first city only because I read guide on how to find them. Second city I played without any guides, and it is so frustrating to find any points of interest. There is nothing written about where slums are, I am not sure why I would want to get to palace, or arena. So after wandering for an hour and not finding slums that are needed for my questline, I give up."
,Not Recommended,230070,31127967,Posted: 13 April,all,pulse_prophet,"Challenging games are fun as long as there is something compelling to make you go on. This game is just frustrating. So much for roleplaying when there are not enough viable non-combat options in a game that discourages combat. Either you save-scum, use a guide, or hoard your skill points to get through whatever multiple-skill checkpoint/item requirement that will prevent you from starting all over. Specializing is a good option for very few viable builds. Along with the bad graphics, it's just not worth it."
76561198093187124,Recommended,230070,22986598,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kaidan,Best Petyr Baelish simulator so far..
76561198037001306,Recommended,230070,16429231,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Xiz,"This game is amazing, right now I have 70hrs on record and I know it will take a lot more hours to get everything done. The funny part about it is that I'm in no way a completionist, but this game is so well written and complex that I just keep getting back for more - and it's still early access!"
,Recommended,230070,16282483,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RevCo,"Really enjoying this game. I know they are still working on it, but the game and story is quite refreshing. No grinding, trash, or junk.  A excellent RPG for those who really care about choices and consequences, and a unique experience. So far, I've explored the first city and hit a few quests that had multiple resolutions and some I just couldn't solve. Maybe later, but it definitely has the feel of a classic.Not some combat grind like Skyrim, Diablo, Dragon Age, etc, etc, etc. Fights are tough and shouldn't be entered lightly. There are other skills, but when push comes to shove, it's a nice fighting system as well. Turn based, and allows for multiple actions. So far, an excellent and refreshing experience."
,Recommended,230070,14916589,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,OpenAI(bot),"I rarely write reviews, and even rarer do i find a genuinely unique rpg.  This game is so vastly different from every rpg i've ever played.  Failed quests don't exist outside of how you felt about them.  Rather, it's about shaping the world.  I love that.  And so different from every other rpg is that you will NOT be able to get every skill check.  Hell, you'll be lucky if you can pass any if you're doing a combat oriented playthrough.  I love that.  So much replay value, and from me, that's the highest honor, as i think what makes a great game, isn't the graphics, it isn't the story, it isn't the items or the crafting or the ai or how good the voice acting is.  It is the replay value.  And there is an immeasurable amount of replay value for how short this game can be.  Before you buy it, i recommend trying the demo, to see how it feels for you.  As stated, this game is quite difficult in terms of combat, but it feels right.  It makes you feel human, just some dude, not the chosen one or some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (though you can beguile others into thinking you're one :D)4/5 cats with hats.  would die again. And again. and again."
76561198176967967,Not Recommended,230070,31649973,Posted: 9 May,all,egabramov,"The game feels more like a demo-version of an actual open-world non-linear game:- finished the game in 10 hours and it wasn't a speed-run (every location was found and every single npc was talked to; UPD: every location and every single npc available for my build&faction)- cannot say much about combat, but a couple encounters that I had were not engaging- non-combat path is boring, stupid, and straightforward: find the target npc - start a conversation-apply persuasion skill (or the like) - complete the quest - repeat- the plot is such a cliche that it doesn't deserve any attention to it- the lore is somewhat nice- the skill systen pretends to be interesting and elaborate, but you soon find out that the developers simply split each 'standard' skill (e.g., evasion or persuasion) into multiple skills: there is a separate set of skills for a talker, a separate set of skills for a warrior and so on - the sets do not intersect and do not complement each other. Hence, there is no scope for interesting character-development"
,Recommended,230070,14697975,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Vartic,"February 28th 2015: Solid game play. Great story.June 12th 2015: Getting closer to release the game has been improved even more. Words can't describe how much I love this game. Get the demo and play it, if you like that, the rest of the game is like that but more and better.February 22th 2016. Almost a year has passed since I picked up this game, even after release the devs are still working on the game, but in a good way, as it stands now, the game is solid, fun and has a lot of replayability. I have finished the full game 3 times now, but played a lot more in beta when the ending wasn't there, so you can say I played the game to the 'existing end at the time' more then half a dozen times. My favorite build so far was the diplomatic grifter who betrayed everyone at the first chance he got."
76561198103336826,Recommended,230070,20767769,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Stoerder,"After 35 years of gaming you migh think immersion is dead and you have seen it all.Not so with this game, it took only 2 hours to get completly immersed into the story.This is not you standard ""divinity sin/final fantasy' story line of childish cliché fantasy plots.Its a harsh post apocalyptic world, not the kind as in fall out or its clones but more realistic like in the series 'walking dead'. The story line is actually different with each class and they intertwine, its a work of genious.As a progammer i can say this software has many many complicated formulas on everything, and you can even choose to play it as text adventure with a non combat char and succeed in finishing the story. Normally i skip all the bla bla and get right to the fights as i did with Divinity Sin and its clones, nothing more boring than a Tolkien rip off story number 126082633626. But this game really has a thick plot and i cant praise the storyline enough, it contains everything im interrested in: history, war, intrigue, people that respond as they would in real life, no heroes, no divine racist elves or other crap cliche's. I actually made a non combat char just to read more of the lore , and now im going for a hybrid just to unlock as much content as i can.How long ago it must have been that i played an RPG with more than 1 char? Maybe WoW in 2003 where i made a pala and warlock or NWN where i made a pala and monk. Neh only games close to this immersion are Dead state or the Banner saga or other indy games in which you can taste the devs love for their own products.Well enough praising lets get to the pro's and cons:Cons:-  Steep learning curve, this game has plenty of number crunching and is not for the less experienced rpg player, it takes days to find your perfect build, but that is also a pro if you like that sort of thing (i do!)- Interface could use some more streamlining and auto functions especially when choosing your attacks for each round, its tedious but you get used to it as the game pushes you further along the story line.- The graphics are not suberb but doesnt hurt your eyes either when maxed out and a medium card can handle that with ease.- some crashes when doing weird things with the interface or when just loading area's, but nothing the auto save cant handle for youPros:- Total immersion, superb story lines- High replayability as every class offers its own total unique experience- Turn based and tactical combat so you can chill in a chess like manner and not get all hyped up in a click fest designed for hyper active 15 year olds (not that i hate shooters or action rpg but sometimes a hard working man needs to relax after his daytime job)- weapon porn for the grognards- devoted devs actually respond to bug reports and they know every little corner of the game when they tweak and balance codeI do a lot of 'miss buys' on steam and 2/3 of my games are removed to free up hard disc after a few hours of playing but this one was money well spent. My advice is if you are a RPG player dont think just buy, if you are a new comer to RPG's try something simple first or this will forever be your standard and your life as gamer will become difficult to please in the RPG genre, also the steep learning curve might turn you away from a genre that can deliver real good products like this one. If you have any RPG experience, buy now, its obviously a game made by RPG lovers."
76561197971589114,Recommended,230070,35455781,Posted: 3 October,all,Boner Storm,"This is an incredibly annoying game. The worst kind of Gygaxian ""Old School"" RPG where you should expect to unceremoniously die dozens of times because you had 6 instead of 7 Perception or because you didn't get the One Thing to activate the Plot Device.After getting stuck in the starting area with my first character (who died frequently and relentlessly) then figuring out the only way to escape with his build was going down a rabbit hole I hated, I gave up: went to the wikis and forum posts and researched all the doodads and gamed all the stats and looked up most of the Important Events. Then, after crafting a character specifically to get the one Morally Ambiguous Ending I liked, I beat the game half out of spite.Speaking more clearly: certain plot things only happen if you meet skill or ability prereqs. The former are forgivable, but the latter are maddening because there's no way to increase stats in-game and the only way to beat those checks is to start over from scratch (barring one exception where you can boost ONE of a FEW specific atts by 1 once, in the mid-to-late-game).Also frustrating is that, no matter how much obscene wealth you accumulate, you can never just hire somebody else to do the stuff you can't do. Painfully, unless you micro with forum post help, you can fully expect to suck at ""not getting killed"" if you want to not suck at ""doing anything cool.""Why is this review positive? Because the writing and story are some of the most brilliant♥♥♥♥♥♥I've seen in gaming in years. Creativity like that deserves to be treasured + supported. It was tough but it was worth it for the one playthrough and I fully expect this team's second offering will be better. If it's on sale and you're a story-driven RPG gamer, you HAVE to get it."
76561198088300013,Recommended,230070,30445629,Posted: 11 March,all,Horse with a flag,"fun game, but the story line is pretty short"
76561198008165330,Recommended,230070,35361218,Posted: 30 September,all,JackPhoenix,"First thing first: How can I review this game when I have (at the moment of writing) 0 hours in it? As I didn't know there's a demo available, I admit I've pirated it to check if it's worth paying for.  And, as I've found out, it definitely is. Now, I haven't finished the game yet, so take the value of the ""review"" with a grain of salt.What makes this game different? I'll tell you a story of my first character.I've played an assassin, doing what assassins do until the final mission of the first town. There was a battle, and I ended up as the last assassin alive. What's so special about that, you'll ask? Well...If this was a Bethesda RPG, my boss would just lie down until the battle end when he was killed, then get up as nothing happened, as important NPCs tends to do, and the story would proceed. Or maybe not, but in that case, he would be scripted to die no matter what I do. But if he lives or dies would be out of my handsIf this was a Bioware RPG, I would get a big, dramatic cutscene of my boss being killed before the final fight starts. I would fight the battle, and then perhaps find out he's still alive but wounded, and, after some dialog, would be presented with *nice guy choice* of trying to help him (but he would die anyway), *neutral choice* of ending his suffering at his own request, and *evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ choice* of leaving him to bleed out slowly and painfully. The end result wouldn't matter, he would still be dead.If this was pretty much any other RPG from the last 15 or so years, I would get black screen with ""You let the important NPC die, load last save?"" button, because the story just wouldn't work with the NPC dead.What happened is that the boss (and other friendly NPC) died because I wasn't that great fighter, I held back because I was low on HP, and I didn't feel like ""wasting"" consumable items. I felt their deaths were my fault and the result of my choices, not some prescripted event. I could've save them, I could've loaded previous save to try again, hell, I could've loaded even older save and either betray my fellow assassins, or (try to? I wouldn't be surprised if they just killed me if I chose that option) walked away before the battle. I didn't. I made choices, and I faced consequences, and the game acknowledged that. The game would acknowledge if he was still standing at the end of the battle, and (while I haven't tested it, I've played with it for a while before I've bought it) I suspect it would also aknowledge if any other members lived. Or if the last companion lived and the boss died.That feeling that my actions *really* matter, that it's not just ""select the color of the explosion in the final cutscene"" (and yes, I'm still bitter about that), that is something I haven't felt in an RPG in a long, long time. That's what make this game awesome.Developer's time and money invested in making the world seem alive and react to my deeds, not in the latest graphics, not in hiring VAs so the NPCs can talk about arrows in knees or how horrible mudcrabs are, or whatever. That's what make this game great. Is it perfect?Of course not, there's a lot of room for improvement. It requires a different mindset from other modern RPGs. But as far as I'm concerned? Definitely worth my money."
76561198021312757,Recommended,230070,31156772,Posted: 15 April,all,Ƶ҉Ꮎ҉₳҉,"RNG the game, though it feels like the AI cheats against you the layout of the story is what you mainly play for, there are many playthroughs to be had with this title, again the AI is quite difficult..you have been warned."
,Recommended,230070,27733633,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RageQuit,Got my head caved in by a con artist's thugs.10/10.
,Recommended,230070,24098830,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sokanas,"Reasonable title, needed a lot more content for an RPG however.6/10 because you'll finish it fast (for an RPG)"
,Recommended,230070,34774994,Posted: 6 September,all,✠ Wehraboo ✠,likey like
,Recommended,230070,27220500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skrott,This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006957666,Recommended,230070,27232762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fight for pts,Not safe for casuls!
,Recommended,230070,31403825,Posted: 27 April,all,Maestro Gradius,"My biggest problem with this game is the camera, which I find to be a bit clunky. The writing is interesting and immersive. The combat is fine. My merchant relied on the bombs and things he made from alchemy to defeat his enemies. High persuasion got him out of a lot of trouble. Game has lots of different endings, factions, skills, and character types to add to replayability. There just wasn't a lot to explore on each map. Most of the buildings were locked. Most of the NPCs non-responsive. For story, setting and crafting alone I give it a solid B, but would only purchase on sale for at least 1/2 off regular asking price."
76561198008111119,Recommended,230070,23800048,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,arminw68,"Well, this game is very clear about it's target audience, so for this audience, it comes highly recommended.Thus, if you like to grind, if you prefer unfair, ridiculously unbalanced uphill battles for at least the first third of the game, go for it. If chores, tedium and unending roadblocks are your thing - this absolutely is the game for you.I do need, however, to end some of the rumours about this being a ""hard"" game. Or a roleplaying game, for that.First of all, there is nothing ""hard"" about the combat. It's a basically pretty well executed turn based system, based on tradeoffs. Strategy and tactics really isn't that tough to grasp, you just need to grind and grind to gain a *lot* of skill points and equipment until any type of tactic has a chance of actually *working*...No, the simple fact is, that, especially early on, the odds and numbers are so riduculously stacked against you, that it's pretty successful at creating the illusion of being difficult. Plainly, in the early game it is *mathematically impossible* to win most battles, and once you've created MinMax The Unstoppable (aka blocking or counterattacking machine) with enough grinding, it can even become a walk in the park. Difficulty is entirely artificial, and in the sheer numbers.Also, you really have no true choice whatsoever in what character you'll be playing. No matter your class or background, in the beginning you play a sickly, anorexic pauper with no friends. Period.Because from the start, everyone on the bloody planet - and their mothers - have better training, better weapons, better armor and higher combat intitiative (enemies ALWAYS act first in combat!) than you do, and generally outnumber you to boot. Every street thug, gang member or plain bum will beat you like the readheaded stepchild that you are...And no, even with good streetwise and social skills, and if you make all the checks and know about the battle ahead, there's no way to bring some friends to even the odds or lure the folks to a trap/ambush of your own. Remember: Sickly. Anorexic. Poor. No Friends. And - no options other than what you can click in the predetermined menu.Frankly, this really is a well made game by folks who obviously care deeply, but certainly not everyone's piece of cake. Me, it reminds entirely too much of the pen&paper stone age in the 70s and 80s - when DMs were telling you ""Oh, and by the way, you're dead, no saving throw. Just because.""Or, in other words, I'd prefer enemies from the same planet as my character. Enemies that, after I hit them with 2 arrows from a long bow and 6 times with a poisoned dagger, are frackin' DEAD... and not keep doing 3 times more damage to me than I do to them, and hitting me twice more often...Really good game, really, totally, absolutely not for me, sorry."
76561198063129701,Recommended,230070,31049259,Posted: 9 April,all,Sarpedon,One of the best games ever.Try and you will find out yourselves.
,Recommended,230070,29470507,Posted: 24 January,all,Sunday Soup,"It's definitely worth to disregard 2 generations old graphics, because underneath lies RPG made in exquisite oldschool formula.Choices are unforgiving, world presented mostly by text (and there is a lot of it) and much of the important content hidden from unwary eyes. It's relatively short, so you can rush through and dump the game into the bottomless limbo of your library in under 20h. However AoD is certainly not made with that in mind. Your ending, not to mention story, characters, locations and lore that'll be presented to you depend on your character's origin and various choices you will have to live with later on. My playthroughs with loremaster and assasin varied so much they seemed like two different games set in the same universe.Play it."
,Recommended,230070,29737287,Posted: 6 February,all,Ben,Great game.
76561197998481891,Recommended,230070,28078290,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HectorZ,-Addiction-Replayability-Different ending
76561198125204081,Recommended,230070,29285620,Posted: 15 January,all,KJRaptor,"This game was hard at first, but trust me, it is totally worth it once you understand it. 10/10"
76561198022147744,Recommended,230070,23970392,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kalem,yes buy it
76561198051611910,Recommended,230070,29143913,Posted: 9 January,all,Akatsuki28,"Before you do anything else, if you are interested in this game, I urge you to try the demo. It will tell you a lot about it, and it really helped me decide with confidence whether to buy it or not.As my playtime suggests, I love this game. It is very much as advertised: A hardcore RPG with a non-linear story, choices and consequences, and, if you happen to encounter it, tactical combat. Now, this can be a good or bad thing, depending on what kind of player you are.First off, the game is as hard as it suggests. The combat is brutal, while the dialog requires some forethought, and if you fail at both, you're probably dead. However, it is not unbalanced by any means. You can complete the game without ever lifting a weapon, slaughter anything and everything that get's in your way, or anything in-between, granted you have a character capable of what you're aiming for. On the other hand, you make a character who's spread too thin, or specializes too much in the wrong areas, you will probably reach an impassable wall. That being said, you can do just fine on the first playthrough if you pick a background and playstyle that suits you and works well together. Read the background descriptions, pick the skills that fit that description and stick somewhere around the default attributes, and you'll probably make it far.Once you get past the initial difficulty factor (which can be jarring for many people), the game is just brilliant in my opinion. The combat is very tactical and has a lot of depth, and the story is great. Remember how every single RPG centers around the all-powerful savior of the universe clashing with the bigbad? Well, that doesn't happen here. You know how every alignment system ignores reality completely by labeling good as the selfless martyr who can do no wrong, and evil as the chaos-mongering fiend who steals, ravages and kills for the hell of it? Thank heavens that's not here. People feel like normal people in this game, and while they are a bit colder and crueler at times than real life, it feels organic, rather than like people being shoved into ridiculous black-and-white world views.There is a lot of reading, but it's done really well I think, and a good part of it is optional stuff that you don't need to worry about. It's addicting to play an armor-clad mercenary who actively hunts and fells powerful adversaries, or a magnetic grifter who manipulates people like a cat playing with a ball of yarn. The world is brutal, and that makes it so satisfying when you conquer it.Another great thing about the story is how the non-linear aspect is done. In my experience, games that advertise choices and consequences often disappoint me, because they just stop at ""Are you a stereotypical hero or villain?"" or ""Which guy do you save/kill?"", without actually mattering a whole lot. In Age of Decadence, though, you can visibly see the consequences of your actions, especially in multiple playthroughs. Entire Houses can crumble into nothing or rise above the rest, depending on who you influence, help, stop, or kill, and it feels great when you do because of how harsh and unforgiving the environment is.Anyways, I'm rambling a bit. To sum up, Age of Decadence is a very difficult game, but the difficulty is done well and is rewarding in the end, with a well-written story that actually is non-linear, in a world that feels far more realistic than most stereotypical fantasy settings. Still, it's not for the faint of heart, and if you have a hard time with the difficulty, you may want to pass."
76561198044079629,Recommended,230070,29475216,Posted: 24 January,all,spork_lift,"The Age of Decadence is a solid, Character-driven RPG. If you're looking for a tactical-combat fix, I'd reccomend Iron Tower's other title, Dungeon Rats, which is a party based tactics game based in the Age of Decadence Universe. With that said, this is a great RPG. There's an insane number of branches and paths through the game, and multiple ways to solve most problems. The game does, in my opinion, have something of a reverse difficulty curve, with the first area actually being harder than the later ones, since by later on you've gotten a feel for your character and started to be able to specialize in the areas you need to excel in. The game is demanding, and I think alot of its charm comes from it's ability to make you feel like an average human in the context of the world. You aren't special, you aren't the chosen one, and taking on more than 1 foe at a time means, much like in real life, unless you are a skilled fighter, that the odds are against you. You will probably lose the fight and die unless you had some tricks up your sleeve going in, such as bombs or poison.I really quite enjoyed how the story fit together. I know there are some complaints with the story ""jumping around"", but that's because theres a lot happening simultaneously, and you characters can't be everywhere at once. Maybe your doing a job for the assasins guild, but at the same time the merchants guild is moving a shipment and the theives guild is trying to steal that while the imperial guard are staging a coup, but you only see a sliver of whats happening from your role as assassins guild grunt. Being able to play every different angle of the scenarios is really neat, and the story only really starts to come together after you've played through as a couple different character types, though it will still be coherent on your first playthrough.My main complaints are with some bugs and balance issues with the combat side of things. Combat is fun as it is, but certian bugs (not being able to poison more than 1 throwing weapons at once comes to mind, as well as having to unequip a two-handed bow to use belt slot items) really hinder the viability of certain builds. The devs have stated that they will push the combat changes from Dungeon Rats to Age of Decadence, which would probably clear up most of my current issues with the game (this was stated about a month ago when the final content update was put in place, hopefully the update will come soon).  Additionally, certain aspects of the gameplay ended up feeling a bit ""cheesy"" as I would end up holding my skillpoints in reserve as I found certain scenarios that I would need a specific skill for, and then beef that up after a reload to pass the check.All in all, Age of Decadence is a very good, but not quite great character-driven RPG. Lots of branching paths, lore-rich universe, and a solid but not yet great combat system. 8/10."
76561197996253060,Recommended,230070,31699160,Posted: 12 May,all,cireful,"Destroying quests for yourself in this game is a no brainer, so the already scarce content is further diminished. You can literally get stuck completely, so that all quests are unfinishable. It's pretty terrible.EDIT: I've changed my mind about the game. It still has the same flaws, but if you don't mind the learning curve and frequent saves, the mutability of outcomes in the quests is great. Most tripple-A titles don't have this feel and sense of freedom to them, let alone indie games. A lot of attention is put into authenticity of the gear and I greatly appreciate that. Also their pesky developers respond to negative comments and I appreciate the dedication as well."
76561198116870516,Recommended,230070,34558674,Posted: 28 August,all,PapaDarth,"there are two things i want to state:1) The game just wants to punish you and say its okay because playing difficult games are cool. For combat charecters, difficulty becomes so boring (yes boring) when it forces you to spam one or two skills (like alchemy so you can just throw bombs and kill everyone) to stay alive thus restricting your gameplay and role playing immensly. The game takes proud of it. There is nothing to be proud of. Everyone can beat this game.2) There are very few women. I mean come on.But i have played it and i liked it also i can see my charecter's boobs."
76561198032216988,Recommended,230070,28958088,Posted: 2 January,all,big_outlander,"This game is simply cool. Choosing diffrent character make you play a diffrent story, so it's replayable as hell. Especially cause you can simply talk your way out of every situation (given that you choose a talker) and then proceed to play as killing machine or stealthy assasin in the next walktrough. The story behind the game is deep enough to make you wanna repeat it. And even though the graphic are a litlle bit rough, they awe you with certain magic-like feeling. Recommended!"
76561198061570988,Recommended,230070,29427407,Posted: 22 January,all,Shade,"wow , i have to say i did not expect a lot from this game and i am pleasently surprisedGood (if somewhat confusing story)not real open world but large enough areas of gameplay to make it feel like itdeafult results if you choose to skip to another town and not complete some of the tasks (IE no loss ends so far)gameplay is pretty standard turn basedbut you have all your rpg elements , extra side quests , merchents  , people who try to trick you , some even want to kill you to get your stuff nothing moregraphics are solid for a game of this typekilling animation is fun to watchi like this game , im glad i got it"
,Recommended,230070,21922847,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rankore,Great game! Can't wait to see more!
76561198002639946,Recommended,230070,32584750,Posted: 19 June,all,Doug S - NJ,Interesting game. A little to much dialog and not enough action for me.That being said. I may give it more of a go down the road. As I can see some very good work went into the game and it didnt send me away holding my nose. I can reccomend for those who like alot of dialog options/outcomes.
,Recommended,230070,33054336,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr. Noonian Soong,This game has a fun and interesting combat mechanic and encourages you to approach situations with a realistic strategy.
76561198079430411,Recommended,230070,31849674,Posted: 19 May,all,Syzygy,"Play the role of a character in the world, and claw your way into a power fantasy. This isn't a sandbox, and if you expect yourself to be a god you will die, more so then if you come humbley. This game is challenging, but it is reward. The story is rich, and there are 10 or so ways to do any given thing, with a variety of endings, including godhood, which ironicly is not playable, but at the point you're pretty much there."
76561198044881995,Not Recommended,230070,22183156,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,lewishere2000,It seemed like a RPG that I would have enjoyed. Sadly I will never know because my mouse refuses to move once I start the game. I looked all over the internet trying to find a fix. Alas there was no fix to be found. All I found was a bunch of websites with the developers saying it was a windows issue not a game issue. I Use windows 8 and the mouse that came with the computer. So no wireless mouse or key board to worry about. It is a game issue ix it and I might try it again. Until then I can not recommend this game.
76561198086566725,Recommended,230070,32752362,Posted: 24 June,all,jaromuru,"The game was not playable. I could not select background during character creation, the game crashed during the tutorial, it reset graphics options every time I load it... the developers helped fix it and I played it. Very fun. Nice challenge. Much good game."
,Recommended,230070,13650674,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Castille,Amazing vision.
76561198087069928,Recommended,230070,18618162,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Poncius_Pilatos,Simple the greatest game ever!
76561198022975473,Recommended,230070,23934692,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lord Beavis,It's hard.  Are you?
76561198035079784,Not Recommended,230070,25554016,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ploeperpengel,Attention! Masochists only!Yeah I like a challenge but these starting quests are just absurd. Even if I choose a combat build to start with I will hardly find a combat I will actually come out on top off. Instead this will turn out to be a reload orgy and I sincerly have to ask what's the point? You want to become frustrated? Be my guest! Alltough you could just stick to real life social welfare applications to get there. Yeah that's exactly how bad it is. There's no fair balance to be found here. Every random thug you encounter is way more powerful than you are. Enjoy!
,Not Recommended,230070,24562962,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,blizzardmetal,"I've been playing games for well over 30 years. RPG's, action games, puzzlers, adventrue...you name it. Say what you want about mechanics, graphics, writing...the only thing that makes a game worth playing is FUN. Why else do we spend countless hours playing? I could not find one enjoyable thing about this game, nothing that made it even remotely FUN. Before you say ""you don't get it"" or ""you aren't into hardcore games""; I've successfully beaten several of the classic Wizardry, Ultima, and MIght and Magic games that balanced FUN with challenge. Don't dare put ""The Age of Decadence"" in the same category of classic CRPG's...because it severly lacks what the classics had, and that's playability. It can't be called a role playing game if you have to do things a certain way, it becomes a guessing simulator. Sadly, I was 1.8 hours over the limit for a Steam refund. I see plenty of people enjoy this game...but the ones like me, who don't, REALLY don't like it. On to one of the other dozens of games in my library..."
76561198061634510,Recommended,230070,9143604,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MovingShadowz,"The team creating AOD is truly ahead of the curve here. This is not your run of the mill hack ""n"" slash RPG. It offers stellar dialog with in depth character building and quest. The few quest that they have to offer ATM wont simply have you running from point A to B. Decisions will take some serious thinking because the wrong actions, or reactions could leave you pushing daisies. AOD will truly immerse you in your character and story. If you're still on the fence about buying a  20+ dollar Alpha game, I would just tell you to do it.  Once you play and see its potential, you will be saying money well spent"
76561197962147937,Recommended,230070,8314427,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,chimp,"This is a very intriguing game that is not for everyone. It is very difficult but also very rewarding, and properly gives you the feeling of gaining in power, something done only in good RPGs. There are multiple ways of progressing through the game, although some skill choices are curently not very useful in the early release. $25 doesn't give you many hours of content, but you can replay with multiple characters and have a fairly different experience each time. Overall I support the development of games like this and can't wait to see how the finished game turns out.Pros:Immersive world, dialogue and characters.Good music that fits the theme of the game.Pretty deep skill system that rewards different styles of play.Combat is challenging and is somewhat luck based but overall it's a good system.The devs know what makes a good RPG and are excellent at having you ""feel"" the power of your character grow and feel like the decisions you make have an impact.Multiple choices in quests, often with no clear answer. Some things will have negative or positive consequences much later in the game.Cons:Sometimes you can get stuck and be unable to progress due to putting points in the wrong skills. There is no way to ""grind"" more skill points, so in these situations you are sort of screwed (I'm sure this will be better addressed in the final version, and No I'm not saying they should add a way to grind skill points!)Overall not much content yet, you can only go to about 5 locations out of the 20 total, and there aren't that many quests right now. Once again I'm sure the finished game will feel much larger and longer.A little too linear - Yes there are multiple ways to go about things and the game is not too linear in this sense. But certain things bothered me, such as my sneaky assassin being unable to go to the temple in the slums without either paying 1000 gold or fighting like 7 guys by myself (100% impossible in this game). You would think I would be able to use my points in sneaking to wait until night and get to the temple, it is supposed to be a whole slums district and one band of thugs can completely seal the whole thing off from everyone?Overall a very good game. I would give a 7/10 for the early alpha just because it is somewhat low on content but if the final game is as good as I think it will turn out to be this will be at least a 9/10 for sure."
76561197984369484,Not Recommended,230070,32465203,Posted: 15 June,all,Cinn,"Felt more like work than like fun.Nothing about the world, the story, nor my character was engaging.  I walk away without a single ""I wonder..."""
76561197993205287,Not Recommended,230070,19595008,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Haroshia,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game has made me so heated...so...annoyed...and so enraged I just can't help myself.  I bought into the hype and bought the game.  Put plenty of hours into it, and can finally put into words why it drives me insane.At first I was very impressed with this game, but now the shine has fallen off and I hate it. I hate it a lot, because it has potential but the devs are so smug and proud of the garbage they've created that it will never ever be fixed.Let me describe a typical scenario in the game to you. You find a library (from another quest) and go there on your first playthrough (at about the 10 hour mark). In the library is a generator, and your current character doesn't have the stats to fix it. ""Alright, I'll just make a guy with those stats on the next play through and find out what this is all about,"" you think. So you make that guy. You play through mostly the same♥♥♥♥♥♥again, for 10 hours with your new guy, and get to the library. You pass the skill check, and find out the generator lets you open a secret door.So you go through the door and find...nothing. Jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ See there WOULD be something here, but your perception is too low. Perception is decided at character creation, and you can NEVER RAISE IT THROUGH GAMEPLAY. OH, and the only way to know what level you need it at is to read a guide or check online, because the game doesn't tell you...so the surprise is ruined anyways. So now you can either remake AGAIN to try to see this crap, or do what I did and right click -> uninstall.The game is FULL of multi-level hard gated skill challenges like this, and sometimes it's totally arbitrary. Combat is very RNG and swingy, which makes save scumming a necessity. Basically it's everything that was terrible about old school RPGs coupled with game devs reveling in the ""difficulty"" of their game. News flash, that's not difficulty. Trial and error requiring hours of investment between each trial isn't difficulty, and it's sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥not fun.I wish I could have figured this out before spending the time on the game I did so I could refund it. Don't fall for the Steam reviews and the hype. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it shows at least some twinkling of potential...which is why I'm so upset over it. It should have everything I like, but because of the way it's designed it's hot garbage."
76561198138622059,Recommended,230070,33380021,Posted: 8 July,all,Lord Wellesley,First don't let my total playtime fool you I launched this game outside of steamI wish steam had a wait for the sale button ( Got this game during the summer sale for around £9.00  which is a very good price for this game)I only recommend this game to people who want to play a game that is some times fustrating ( the combat is awful but all games that have dice rolls have rubbish combat for example I'm pinning a guy in a corner I have a sword he should not be able to dodge my attack. and how does a bandit in leather armour and a dagger beat a man kitted out in full legionare amour and knows how to use a sword very realstic combat games ) hey but at least the game tells you about the combat is hard when you click new gameBut the diplomatic/talker way of persuing the game is very fun ( a highlight is pesuading a group of bandits to attack a rival's mine to kill two birds with one stone) and is the easiest way of playing the game  and the funnist as well as like I said before the combat is rubbish ( In my experiance which is all that I can go on)the combat route I tried using a template I found in this videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3pUGwzCWW4is it just me or are the nets useless as they where hitting me at exacly the same rate and dodging at the same rate. in my humble opinion if someone is trapped in a net which is weighed down by lead balls ( which the net image in game looks  like they are) they should not be able to dodge your attacks and hit you it also very hard to bottleneck your enemies( you know use tactics to funnel the enemies in one at a time as compared to what I seen of an old bulid they now can climb onto platforms with out using the stairs and some doors that where not locked before now are)for a game that does better combat look no further than balder's gate  and icewind dale as you could bottleneck your opponents and fight them in easy to chew chunksbut the ammount of ways to compleate a quest I think is unmatchedalso I beleve this is the only RPG set in a setting based on Rome so far and it is quite a good game world shame some areas feel small like the libary  (post apocolpytic sci fi roman hybrid is far more intresting the tamreal or how ever you spell the elder scrolls setting)in summeryproseverything but the combat ( not the music)conscombatmusic ( but you can turn it off so that good)
,Recommended,230070,9251059,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,NanoByteGhost,"I am not sure where the ""Classic RPG"" comments come from but as gamer that got his first computer back in 1980 and played the classics when they new, I would say the actual name this would have gotten back then is an Adventure game, only not a normal one because whilst it contains walls of text, it does also contain RPG elements.So its neither a classic RPG or a classic adventure game.But as with all games that contain walls of well written text, this game draws you in to the lore pretty quickly. But its not for everybody. If you like lore, like reading a lot, like the detail that only text can provide, you will like it. If you like the graphics to provide you with that detail at a glance, then perhaps not.Also I found the early access version seems to be just a demo, which is very off putting for me.Interesting title though, will earn some hard core followers i am sure of it but I do not believe I'll be one of them."
76561198032078005,Recommended,230070,13301648,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,_stabb,"excellent immersion and interesting original concept. only real downside in my opinion is lack of certain features you'd think would be in-game, such as hiring bodyguards as a merchant"
76561198097010841,Recommended,230070,31638726,Posted: 8 May,all,Bob Kelso,is very good yeees
76561198045287331,Recommended,230070,8057223,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Peeved Penguin,"Eh, pretty good game. Kinda like the original Fallout. 8/10 would date."
76561198047004397,Recommended,230070,20985792,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Maxstokes,Pretend save-scumming is part of the inteded gameplay and you will have a lot more fun. Pick up on -%50 if you want to make sure you don't regret your decision.
76561198119448387,Recommended,230070,33265774,Posted: 5 July,all,UltramarineXI,IT GAVE ME HEMORRHOID UP IN MY♥♥♥♥♥ SO GOOD..... CAN'T....STOP...PLAY... IT!
,Recommended,230070,28558212,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Aducan,F5 saves lives.Quicksave is your friend.
76561197989658324,Not Recommended,230070,33369375,Posted: 8 July,all,Latogato,"This game is too restrictive to be fun.You are an average Joe trying to survive in a dying world full of backstabing, scheming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. That would be fun and awesome, but because you are a nobody with no talent, your choices are limited to your few skills you increase. That sounds not a big deal in theory, but in practice that means you have to skip parts of the story because you can't handle them, your few skills predeterminate your choices. So if you choose wrong skills or they are just not high enough, you will be punished, killed, possibly stuck in the story. Of course you have no idea what skill level you will need until you face the challenge.My first character was a mercenary but i found it boring - the fights are awesome btw - because the lack of understanding the story, so i abandoned it. It seems to me a fighter character could be fun choise, but largely ignorant to the story.My second character was a loremaster, but i chose wrong skills - or they was not high enough - so i have to skip the first city, at least my skill as a loremaster let me go the the second city. This character was worse than the first one.The third character was a drifter, a mixed character, good talker with some fighting skill. It was a huge difference, now with proper skills i enjoyed the story, when something went wrong i could talk myself out or defend myself. Then i arrived to the second city. That was where i gave up - at least for a time - because while i was able to handle one or two imperial guards in the first city, here i faced three thugs, but only one thug was enough to mops the floor with me. I was a totally underdog.The devs said unnecessary fights are hard, but it is an overkill. It is not even !FUN!... To add to this abuse there is no option to flee. I ran away - next to a guard who didn""t gave a ♥♥♥♥ - but i can't lost them, so i ran to another district, but there was no option to finish the fight. They didn't follow me, but the game stuck in the turn based fight mode. I have to go back and die. Duh."
,Not Recommended,230070,31143793,Posted: 14 April,all,Sir Totodile,the game is ok ive put hours into but i never got far because i decided to work for the imperials so i went into a combat build but not only that even with 80+ on axe and 80+ dodge i wasnt able to hit anyone so be ready for continuous saves and loads... then not to forget after i manage to get past all the trash that is combat i wasnt high enough in lore to continue my campaign and there was nothing left for me to level off of so i had to restart the entire game due to my having to go a complete combat build to beat this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat game so i lacked in anything invovling CIVIL
76561197982844462,Recommended,230070,8968327,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,brassi77,"This game is pure, unadulterated awesome.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  If you like to think, if you like significant and meaningful choice and consequence, if you like character development, great TB combat, games where you can almost completely avoid combat through dialogue (if you want), a great story, and a very interesting setting, this game is a must buy.  I, personally, would like the game more if I could have a party (that I create myself).  This is a single character game like Fallout, Diablo, Lionheart, etc.Also, as significant pros for me, this game has almost zero filler combat, and every battle is done for a reason.  There is no endless hordes of enemies, and there is no walking around smashing endless hordes of barrels filled with health potions and gold.  This game removed all the tripe from your garden variety RPG, and gave us a sensible game, in a realistic setting, and it all makes sense and is believable (for the most part – Mote in God’s Eye is a pretty far out there story but done believably).I think people will enjoy this game more if they go into without pre-conceptions on how this game should be as it really turns some staples and conventions on their head.  I also think crpg fans who don’t need all the bells and whistles of the first/third person action games with rpg elements blockbusters from BioWare and Bethesda will find this game to be an instant classic with more replay value of any game I’ve ever played."
76561197983175642,Recommended,230070,8990865,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,seeker016,"A very solid game and multiple approaches keep it interesting, the demo is a bit short but hopefully the developers will have the game completed soon and we can enjoy a fuller experience ;)"
,Recommended,230070,9332681,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"The game is a hardcore rpg. Extremely hard combat and your 1st several builds are almost bound to fail simply because you do not know how the game works. So prepare for failure from the start, but dont be discouraged. Sometimes failing in this game can be good for you, more often then not it will just lead you to another path in the story *unless you meet an untimely demise*.Combat is extremely hard and while being extremely well balanced its balanced for veterans who played this game for ages, meaning this is like DoTA 3.0 - unless you know what you are doing you might not have as good of a time as you might desire. I might add that while it might seem that combat is unnecessarily hard at 1st in reality its done in a way to draw a line to what content your hero might see in the game.Generally speaking there are 2 playstyles - social and combat. There are hybrid builds in the middle of them, but they are vastly harder to pull off then either of the main playstyles.On the bright side - there is a lot of content and variability to the game * apart from neutral quests*. You will need at least 7 playthroughs to see 100% of the game. So there is that going for the game. There are a lot of choice and consequence decisions which GENUINELY MATTER. Yes im looking at you, ME3.Its created by a really small but dedicated team and main developer is as down to customer as it can get pretty much. Basically - 'our guy'. So do support this awesome game, - yes it has its flaws, graphics are dated, there are errors and some imbalances, but the devs LISTEN to the community and change the game accoardingly, while maintaining the 'artistic integrity' making it for one hell of an experience.TL DR:Story 9/10 Original, Fun, Extremely realistic.Gameplay 7/10 Somewhat flawed and unnecessarily hard at times.Sound 6/10 Some of the tracks are not as good as others.Graphics 3/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ customisation is included here aswell, but its engine limited.Likeability 10/10 The game wins a lot of points by the overall spirit and charisma of it, - its a hand crafted and balanced world with a  lot of reworks based on community feedback.Final Score: 8/10 The game loses points just because of how hard it is to get into it initially and the cummulative problems in it.10/10 if you are a hard core RPG player and a MUST HAVE, otherwise its still a great purchase.Absolutely recommended for purchase."
,Recommended,230070,34690005,Posted: 2 September,all,Charming Dazz,"I will admit, when I first played this game, I kinda hated it because of how difficult it was to be a sword guy who killed everyone, but once you realized there's a weapon in this game that can kill everyone really fast in like 1 turn, you'll find this game really fun. Although the lore... I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the lore, I couldn't stand the lore. I guess it's because I never took the time, but all I know is that there is a god, he left, he's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. blah blah blah, ending, choose, yay. Now, I will say I wished they made you a little more over powered because I want to feel like the hero of the game but it's not like that, the game is suppose to represent a random guy going on a quest to get money and power for some odd reason but hey, it's what you do. you have no drive to kill people other than the fact they want you dead first but screw it right? Go around and kill people I say, it's hella fun once you find out how easy it is to kill... in the second act that is unless.Actually now that I think about it, could we please just... that ambush in the slums. Out of everything i've ever done in that game, that is the hardest ♥♥♥♥ing thing ever. Wow is the ambush over powered. But I guess It's still a great game if you like to be a perfect little character like me."
76561198006631109,Recommended,230070,10608832,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Savage,The best RPG I've played so far this year and the game isn't even finished yet.Lots of replayability thanks to the many ways to handle quests and advance in the story.Challenging at times but still enjoyable even if you are staring at your 5th deathscreen in 5 minutes.
76561197970181351,Recommended,230070,11044702,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Admiral Snackbar,"I'll keep this brief:This game is the true heir of isometric Fallout. With brutality, non-linearity and choice repercussion unparallelled in modern era RPG design, it is a reminder that a creative crew with ambitious goals and no-compromise solutions can create a classic. Anyone who enjoyed Fallout 1 or Fallout 2 will shudder and fall in love with this game.It's that inexorably simple."
76561198040122576,Recommended,230070,14065654,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,shuggdelakaine,It's challenging and it's unforgiving but when you it right this game is very rewarding. If you like a good challenge then you'll like The Age of Decadence
,Recommended,230070,29947664,Posted: 15 February,all,Maelstrum,"this game is tough but rewarding, most negative reviews seem to be under 2 hours of play..perhaps they just could'nt grasp the game and give up. then leave a bad review because they failed and instead of admiting it they blame the game and developers..lol.This game has a great story, combat is very hardcore making you ""think"" and plan rather then mindless hack and slash..brillant!!"
76561198002693264,Not Recommended,230070,30390872,Posted: 8 March,all,mrbiguk,"Fail a skill check (and you will always fail some no matter how many times you try it) and a plot comes to a juddering halt. No alternative approach to it, just you failed. I'm at an impasse on 5 different plots in the first town. None of them can advance no matter what I do. My only option left is to head to the capital and the game tells me that all my outstanding plots will resolve without me. Call that fun because I don't. An exercise in frustration. Positive reviews promised so much more. Maybe their expectations were lower than mine. Not worth it, even on sale."
,Recommended,230070,31755273,Posted: 14 May,all,Boomer simpson,"I'm probably going to try and get through this game in the future despite how I feel about it, but for now I have to put the thumbs down on this one.I'm sure that this type of game appeals to a number of people, but I am not within that number and I believe that the number that I'm in greatly outnumbers the former.I don't mind games being extremely difficult and not handholdy, as I just completed Wizardry 7 which embodies these qualities in pretty much every aspect of its design.  I do mind when the way that you're supposed to beat this game (as recommended by the developers themselves in review responses and on the discussion forums) is to save up skill points and see which skill checks you fail and reload and spend points accordingly.  Since skill checks are layered (ex: you need X persuasion to pass one choice, Y impersonation on the next, and then to complete the dialogue you need Z dexterity or you automatically die), this results in lots of trial and error and/or keeping a spreadsheet of what content your character build can or can't do and possibily just restarting the entire game with a new character because the character you made is actually incapable of beating the game.The above may appeal to some people but it was the opposite of fun for me and I imagine that many, many people will feel the same.I do like how certain sequences play out and imply that they will differ greatly if you build a different character with a different origin, but I dread actually playing (or thinking about playing) through them.EDIT: I played again, but was still stubborn about being a Drifter because it was the only origin with beginning armor that wasn't offensive to my eye.  I did manage to get to Maadoran and it was pretty cool to see how different my path was starting from the very beginning of the game with the same origin.  I ended up deleting the character and will probably just start over again with another Drifter later and stick with it.I did have to reload often and spend some skill points, but there were some pleasant surprises like some failed skill checks leading to other skill checks that I could pass, or forced combat but with some allies at my side that crushed the opposition."
76561197979834752,Recommended,230070,14982011,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Asuzu,"Quite refreshing RPG to scratch that old-school isometric itch.The game writing is great, and really passes the feeling of those Glen Cook ""Black Company"" worlds, where life is short and brutal.This game makes you think twice before going into the fight, and think triple before trusting someone, unlike easymode modern games where you play ""Bill the Slayer of Rats and Destroyer of Worlds"".In AoD you can get betrayed and shanked by a successfull knife punch just like any other guy next door, thinking ""why the hell did I have to play hero and went to save that damsel in distress"", or ""damn, it did seem like a too good deal to be true"".You get to choose your character gender, attributes and skills, as well as the very important initial employment or faction. The storyline is very branching for the path you will choose, very responsive to your decisions, sometimes with nice twists.Do not expect a ""kill 10 rats"" kind of quests here, the tasks you face are much more complex and sometimes may be resolved in over 5 different ways, overall making up a very fun and immersive experience.The game world itself is very detailed with very interesting lore and story behind and in front of it, and is very immersive.Of course, if you are playing dumb and strong character, you will not be preoccupied with lore so much, being busy caving skulls of your employers' enemies in with a hammer.On the other hand, for the intelligent and knowledgeable character the world is a whole different story with lore to uncover and people to manipulate.That being said, some combat mechanics are very questionable, and since the developer team is quite small, does not seem they will be able to make any noticeable changes and improvements.Overall, combat characters will have better quality of life, longer gameplay and overall enjoyment than social talkative characters.I recommend this RPG, especially to those youngsters who had Skyrim as their first ""RPG experience"" to see how the actual RPG feels like."
76561198048629644,Recommended,230070,22157057,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,diomede,Frank Underwood Simulator 201610/10
76561198039603749,Recommended,230070,34485929,Posted: 25 August,all,moeros,Top RPG
76561198073406815,Recommended,230070,15132373,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"With a full release you're in for a Gem. At least if you were born in the 80s.. This is THE classic game you've always wanted developers to make since your glorious hours in Steamworks Arcana, Torment, and  Baulder's Gate titles.It is fair and harsh, it is written magnificently, and plays like a fine book is read. This on can be replayed as many times as you replayed Fallout, just to try different builds, but yet more lies in wait.As you find yourself taking different paths in a world that's fate is ever changing from the choices you make. I am not taking Mass Effect Rogue/Paragon.I'm talking you skip lunch one day on guard duty, stand an extra hour to witness a comet fall, leaving to investigate you discover a small winged creature, It's eye closed you poke it with the butt of your spear, it awakes quickly and stares into your soul revealing to you the fate of the universe before disappearing in a cloud of smoke.Mind Smoted you leave your post, looking for answers. Raiders attack from the weakened position you left at the fort, twenty years later you've become a great Mayor on your way to the throne, but alas civil war erupts for your opponent for the crown was there the day raiders came over the walls and ravished his mother in front of him after killing his father.Adopted by a Nobel and with a burning desire in his chest to change the world for the better he rises through the ranks becoming a great warrior, with many friends including master's of assassins he has hired on occasion, ending the lives (over the years) of those who manned the walls on that faithful day.Finding out who you are he sends assassin after assassin you end you, but with your honing of your knowledge over the years you have learned dark magics of protection which you must now utilize in you life of constant attack.Your people become weary of you dark arts and mean to usurp you with you rival, saying you won the crown with dark magics. Now on your throne with your hand picked elite guard warrior priest, you find yourself at the head of a summoning circle, bringing forth a dark army to subjugate your people.Succeeding in your pursuit, you now march forward across all the know world crushing those in your path, for the Demons of Darkness require a bloody toll for your rein to remain.Five years later your late night secret toilings have produced an answer to the Demon blight, but in the action:you will tear the continent asunder. OrYou could sacrifice yourself. OrAll the first born children of man will be marred with evil taint in a 40 year Pact.All because you wanted to skip lunch.10/10Old review:I very much enjoyed the game, but from a testing point of view it's not worth the effort, and not at all the price considering you are paying them to test their beta. Wait for a full release, if it ever happens it'll be a great play overall. Not now though."
76561198007698302,Not Recommended,230070,28551329,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ionrobsam,Just to damn hard. Other than that its fine.Twenty years ago I would have perserved with it but in my old age I simply can't be bothered and I only tried it because of the 75% discount so the 2.5hrs entertainment was reasonable value.
76561197993205393,Not Recommended,230070,34270008,Posted: 15 August,all,redfangs94,"TL DR: No, its interesting but that's it.PROS+ Great lore+ Good/decent writing for encounters+ ReplayableCONS- Difficulty Pacing doesn't make sense at times. The beginning is going to insanely hard, you can easily make several characters just to win a few fights.- Replayability only matters if you can figure out the game, in particular the beginning. You will spend a solid several hours figuring out how to build your character for combat and how to approach fights if you are a casual player. This at first I accepted with open arms, but I did not find it enjoyable to grind for hours just to get past the first town. Dying a lot can be a fun mechanic, not so much in this case.- RNG combat. A staple in classic rpg's, but in this case paired with its odd difficulty pacing, the game can be really frustrating for no reason. The same fight with very similar if not the same tactics can swing very differently depending on what the dice are rolled for hits. This may not be for everyone.In conclusion it is a game with charm, warrant of some respect, but I cannot recommend this game overall. This is more of a ""maybe"" leaning towards no. If you have a lot of patience, possibly enjoy Dark Souls and classic RPGs then MAYBE this could be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,230070,18678556,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,tyrranor,"There are a lot of good reviews, i recommand this game but i'll put 3 stars out of 5Here is why:-Games crashes a lot, during loadings, or even in fight-There are few decisions to take, and if you don't have the right skill at the right moment you're ♥♥♥♥ed-Fights are well too hard, unbalanced: ok it's written in the game description you can't just play superman and kill everyone on your ownI have killed around 100 people with one character until now, and spending more than 2 hours to kill a group of 4 people because you lost HALF of your life in 1 turn, because of ONE critical strike-Skill points are not balanced compared to how much you need them for quests, and not enough quests-No freedom, you say what you are told to do and that's all, don't even think stealing houses you randomly see, or kill whoever you want, you will do as the game is done for-If you want to fight and kill everyone, you have to max the fighting skills and so you will not count on anything than strenght, dexterity constitution and body count else you will get ♥♥♥♥ed by every man you crossThe is the kind of game i'm looking for, but it's not ok yet, so damn much things to fix because it's SO frustrating"
,Recommended,230070,12757726,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Delfofthebla,"A refreshing change of pace in the current RPG world. It all feels very real, very gritty. You're not some god-like superhero that's been bestowed power from the heavens, you're average Joe, and by the way, some guy just stole your wallet.It's tough to make it in this world, meaning you're going to be dying, reloading, restarting from scratch a lot, but that's what makes it so immersive. You truly feel as though you're apart of the world. You have to judge characters at a glance, take what people say with a grain of salt, and essentially play your cards perfectly in order to not be slaughtered like a pig.The game mechanics give off some oldschool vibes. Most of the story is text driven, and the import plot points of the world are hidden within text with a few random NPC's, or hidden behind certain dialog choices. The combat is turn based, and very unforgiving. You may find yourself cursing your character choices in the character creation and how you can't win any fights because of it, but sometimes that's just how the game plays. It's possible to participate in the whole game without being a proper fighter, but that also means taking a completely different route throughout the story.The fact of the matter is, you AREN'T a superhero, and you're not some master jack of all trades either. Your skills, your stats and your decisions with NPC's limit the available routes you can take throughout the game dramatically. They set you on a path that is hard to deviate from. If you weren't good at combat at the start of the game, chances are, you never will be and you better stick to your words. Some may view this as a detriment, but I find that it adds depth and weight to your actions. It also has a nice effect of adding replayability. There are many different ways to reach the end of the game, and I can safely say I've barely seen a quarter of them.All in all, I find that it's a great RPG. However if none of this sounds fun, then maybe the game isn't for you. I love it though, and I can't wait for the full release."
76561198086756706,Not Recommended,230070,31001390,Posted: 7 April,all,dundio,"As a very well written and interesting game.  I was quite dismayed to find so much cursing in it and also the way your choices decide your fate.  I would have liked to make a morale, kind and ethical individual but I couldn`t even by choices the character has an wicked heart no matter what you do, you will murder, steal or do all sorts of bad things even if what you`re doing seems right at the time the game will somehow twist your choice eventually to turn you into a very bad person whom is only out for their own power and prestige.  It just didn`t make me feel good after playing a couple of hours as I became a cursing, murderious, dishonest and wicked character as I progressed and those were with the somewhat good choices, so I thought at the time.  I am guessing though this is how the time would have been every man or woman for themselves and in that regard the devs developed it very well it`s a very awful time and world and the people are thus also been molded by their surroundings of suffering and hardship but even in the most harrowing of times the human spirit has always had hope and compassion for others otherwise we would not be here today but in this game their is none which is not realistic.If you like these kind of games, I recommend it but it would have been nice to have the barrier between what is good and what is wrong.  Because of this I just can`t recommend it."
76561198057943096,Recommended,230070,10965642,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SRFCourier,"Let me start off by saying, do not get turned off by every ""this game is too hard"" and ""ive died more times than I have whined about dying"" comments, yes, combat may be slightly frustrating at times, but the game rarely forces you entirely into fighting situations, almost always are you offerred alternatives, persuasion/streetwise, and various other skills can be used to avoid armed confrontations, so, if you are a somewhat patient person and do not mind dying in the double digits over the course of an hour and/or can think for yourself, you will easily be able to figure out what skills to increase, clearly distinguish who you should speak to, who not to follow into obscure alleyways, and what jerk is ripe for an insult.Concerning the game itself, if you're looking for a purely historical RPG this is not it, BUT, if you are even the least bit interested IN history particularly the late Roman Empire, this game should very much intrigue you. The story so far is fantasitc, everything blends together so well, the characters are great, the dialogue in this game is outstanding, very much in excess but not without great writing for almost every conversation, I really cannot imagine what is to be added through future updates/when the fully completed game is released. The lore is somewhat interesting, if you are into RPG's with thick story and background information, especially concerning history,(term used lightly) magic and other fantasy elements, you should definitely find what you are looking for. I have read some bad reviews that regard the graphics of the game as subpar and unbearable so much as the game becomes ""unpleasant"" or whatever, and, if you do happen to be a person who upholds graphics above any other aspect within a game, then 1: You're an idiot & 2: you probably will not enjoy this game. I will admit that the graphics are not ""next gen"" but if you are not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, it really should not be a deterrent from purchasing the game or even enjoying it.All in all it is a wonderful game filled with a variety of treats and sour moments, laughs and most definitely tears, but do not let the bad times bring you down, just, try not to read the death screens, they are really depressing and make you feel extremely insignificant.9/10"
76561198032267974,Recommended,230070,13813430,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,dahilla,"Get ready to die, a lot. Get ready to reload, even more often. Get ready to hoard XP until you firn the perfect use for it - and then die and reload again.AoD is not a pretty game - neither in the visuals, nor in the character. It's an intentionally bland, gritty and unforgiving setting, in which you are not The Chosen One, you have no Great Destiny, and elves, dwarves and wizards neither will help you, nor do they exist. Your enemies will not be All Powerful Demons, whom you will fight with Legendary Artifacts. Instead, most of the time, you'll be fighting thugs or beggars with sticks and stones.There is little XP to be had in the game, and it will not be enough to create the Charming Persuasive Warrior Mage Assassin you may know from contemporary titles. In fact, you'll need to hold on to evey XP point until you really, really need to raise a skill (of which there are plenty of, often used in combination). And even, then your Master Manipulator may get shanked by a smelly thief armed with a rusty metal spike. Your Fearless Gladiator can still get stoned to death by angry beggars. And so forth, and so forth. If you try to play this like you would play Dragon Age, your character will die within the first minutes of the game, no joke.The developers prepared dozens of death screens for your entertainment, and you'll see a great deal of them, even if you play the game right. The world of AoD doesn't warn you of impending doom, doesn't provide tool tips, doesn't highlight important characters and frankly, just doesn't care.If you're fine with all of the above, you may love the game, try it. If you're not, there are other titles you'll have fun with, try them. This is not everybody's cup of poison, as an example - myself. I've tried the game, understand what it tries to do, can appreciate it, but have left it behind."
76561198017273212,Not Recommended,230070,30435871,Posted: 10 March,all,dingo29m,I have to say this is one of the worst frustateing pos I have ever played. RPG's are about epic quests and fighting being the hero. Not this game! You can choose a class but no matter how you train even as a pure fighter you can't fight....it is always you against 5 or more foes and you can't even fight two to one and live.I would have to say avoid this game unless you enjoy abuse.
76561198005232861,Recommended,230070,7842665,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hyriu,Great game with deep rpg system unforgiving combat and story for each class  its definitely not for anyone because its pretty hard sometimes but rewarding. I dont mind few technical issues and hoping for more content soon :P.Definitely worth trying atleast the demo if youare still unsure. Anyway thumbs up !
76561198060524413,Not Recommended,230070,30616366,Posted: 19 March,all,freejaffakree,waste of money. unable to interact with screen because mouse icon continously slides across screen
76561198007282033,Recommended,230070,8262642,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Xanini,"A pretty difficult game, still in its early stages of development so there are quite a few glitches and crashes. Despite this, it is a thrilling game which has a very steep learning curve. It drops you into the heart of a ""post-apocalyptic"" Roman Empire-like setting where combat is extremely difficult. Going up against an opponent with barely any armour and a dagger is often just as dangerous as a trained legionnaire. Don't let the combat difficulty get you down though, as there are often several ways to go through a quest/ mission"
,Recommended,230070,29560058,Posted: 29 January,all,Steel,Highly recommended for the story. Love playing through the different stories and different points of view you can play as. The gameplay could do with a little refinement but overall an enjoyable time.7/10
76561198063916094,Recommended,230070,21542319,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,greebo0026,so mutch yes only bad point is u can complete it in a few hours needs more more lots more
,Recommended,230070,31016766,Posted: 8 April,all,Squashbuckler,"As much as I wanted to love this game, it is fatally broken.Dying over and over is not an issue, in fact, I think I died only once.However, if you DO NOT PICK THE RIGHT SKILLS, YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO PROGRESS.In my view, this is a fatal flaw of the worst kind, which can nullify your 12 hours into the game and lose all immersiveness. Why would I want to replay those hours?Very upsetting.Be warned.Go to the forum and type ""stuck"" see what comes up.I am voting positive because developers offer support and are in-tune with the issues presented."
76561198008012572,Not Recommended,230070,8130473,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,mrtwinn,"In Iron Tower's defense, Age of Decadence never presents itself as anything other than a game for masochists. The very first screen shown for a new game boasts that it will kill your character over and over and over again. This is presumably meant to underscore the grimdark darkness of AoD's post-apocalyptic grimdark setting, in which there is only grimdark. Some do enjoy this; I'm just getting to find it tedious. After a dozen or so character deaths in the game's opening stretch it becomes impossible to care what decisions you make; pretty much every choice can and likely will end horribly, turning the game into a grind of trial and (fatal) error. The storyline and atmosphere are best described as black comedy, but without the comedy. There are no heroes, every major character you meet is a vile ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, yet the game seems to take itself quite deadly seriously even with nobody or nothing worth caring about. There are a variety of choices to make depending on your stats and skills, and the character system looks like it would offer considerable freedom and variety if you could slog through enough of the game to really develop your guy. There just isn't enough substance to justify the meatgrinder this game puts its players through."
76561198077607524,Recommended,230070,18848748,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MangiaCadaveri,"This game has guts and it's a great rpg; a real one, no skyrim rubbish.Playing this you can really apreciate the story, the lore and all the quests from many different points of view, it all depends on your skills and choices u make in game.Cause and effect, don't think u can be a loremaster,a thief and a mighty warrior all in one character, no skyrim rubbish as already said.I reccomend this game because it's fun, gratifying and replayable many times before u get tierd, because when u play two different character looks like u playing two different games."
76561198042238818,Not Recommended,230070,32738711,Posted: 24 June,all,Enorats,"Less a game and more a choose your own adventure novel with a game over screen at the end of literally every page. The game starts off simple enough, but within a couple minutes you're tasked with getting into a palace.. walk up to the gate and the game just stops being a game and instead turns into a series of decisions.. several of which lead to unbeatable fights, and all the others leading to instant death (literally, you don't even fight.. you just get a game over screen).After an hour of reloading trying to find a path that doesn't lead to instant death I just gave up, screw this."
,Recommended,230070,16154866,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sultan Pajeet of Pooloostan,Fallout with swords.
76561198014495605,Not Recommended,230070,28925782,Posted: 1 January,all,Zorus,"If you enjoy reloading your game over and over in order to squeak by some rng challenges, this game is for  you. Eventually you can get powerful enough to only have to reload the game a few times an hour....but you'll never really have choices, since you can't really get good enough at enough things to do anything other than what the game has shoe-horned you into. At first I was in love with how hard it was...then I began to loathe the repetition. Maybe their next game will find the balance this one lacks."
,Not Recommended,230070,23971143,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dyre the Stranger,"I couldn't make it though the first quest I got it was so riggid and bland. I don't want to say what an RPG should be but this is just poor gamedesign. The begining of an RPG is supposed to be the strongest point hooking you into the lore and the rest of the journey. Instead I had to fight vastly higher leveled units or leave an old man to be beaten to death. No other option, no ""fly you fool I'll hold them off"" or reasoning. I got the feeling it was to introduce you into the cold hard world where you can't hope to win the 'right' way but it just further drove home everyone's else complaint in the game; play the way the devs wanted or lose."
76561198008494931,Recommended,230070,13870469,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,KBz | Darth Meth,"I enjoyed this but it's worth stressing that it's old school,  very difficult and a quirky bit of game design.  Certain builds defeat certain plot ""locks"" and that's it.   You won't see that plot element if you don't have those exact skills.The combat is tough and requires you to fully spec as a combat character to have a chance but I enjoyed it.   Satisfying to win many fights."
,Recommended,230070,17324207,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,krishnabuni,"This is one of the funnest and most addicting games I have played in a very long time. If you liked fallout 1 or 2 you will likely love this game. If you played Bg2 on insane this is also probably the game for you.The difficulty is exceptionally high and getting started can be like hitting a wall. Combat is punishing. That being said you do not have to fight all the fights or like any fights if you choose a non combat route. If you play a mercenary in the imperial guard you will have some unavoidable encounters, but most will still be able to be circumvented  through alternate means. You can go through the game without killing anyone.It is a rpg is the true sense of the word; designed to deliver heavy firepower to distant targets, oh wait... I meant it is a role playing game in the true sense of the word. The amount of text is on the order of planescape torment and there are always tons of ways to solve every problem. You will constantly make dicisions in the game that will completely change the course of the game. The way you solve problems will affect a ridiculous number of things. You can backstab, lie, cheat, and steal and when you do and the people you screwed over find out, they will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can play pretty much any role you would like within the game, but it is not the type of game where you become a god, swatting away flies, destroying omega weapon and saving the world from the evil sorceress Edea... etc.The amount of different endings is larger than can be conveniently counted.The combat system is exceptionally complex, but simple to start. Gameplay is intuitive but punishing. When i first played this game back in the demo it took me a lot of character recreations and liek 2 hours to just get passed te first quest as a mercenary, because I insisted on fighting out both of the fights. There were other options and those other options were equally rewarding but i wanted to play the hero and whoop♥♥♥♥♥ Playing the game like that is doable but difficult. You can play a combat hero and slaughter everything but the skill floor to start out is very high and it isn't really what the game is about.If the things i have said make it sound like a fun game to you will probably love it. It is fairly short if you ignore sidequests and such short but the replayability is very high because the actual size of the game is immense; you will find yourself rolling up new characters to do things you couldn't do the first time through. You will not touch even 10% of the game your first playthrough the mutability of each plathrough is just that extreme."
,Not Recommended,230070,24008264,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,C R I S P Y B A B Y,"I wanted to like this game, but it's just.....not good. I'm a big fan of story based old school RPG's that you can talk your way through like Planescape, Fallout, etc, but this just isn't even close. It feels soulless. Towns feel dead. The story is mediocre and falls into the bad fantasy writing trap of thinking ""making up a bunch of details is the same thing as making a world, right?"" No. You can make 3 houses and tell me that they're bickering and write paragraphs of boring history, but unless you can make it *feel* like a world it's useless. You walk around boring bland locations that use about three different colours. Personal taste I guess, but this stuff is just totally unmemorable and mediocre.Combat is embarassingly bad. It's just not an interesting system.The game succeeds at giving you tons of options. It's just that all of them are boring."
76561197993235379,Recommended,230070,16117724,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Koalafied,"Game is really very good, but way too short.  Knowing there's only going to be a couple of more locations added after this point makes me very sad.  Game needs to be at least twice as big, if not three to four times.This is after completing basically everything up to date three times in three days minus the Abyss.  (I have about double the hours played on another computer off-line)"
76561197970656697,Recommended,230070,10344251,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,starkc,"Reminds me of Fallout 2 in all the best ways.  The writing for the dialogue as well narration is excellent; darkly humorous and vibrantly descriptive.  See any of the ""death"" pages for an example.  If I have any complaints, it's only three.1) CompanionsI get lonely.2) Active skills and NPC participationI would like to be able to pickpocket NPC's at will, place burning vials in their pockets, etc.  The gameworld sometimes feels static due to the lack of options for interaction.  Maybe I am spoiled and think being able to talk to EVERYONE or loot any homes on a whim is the norm.  On that note, more loot sprinkled about the world would be nice.3) CraftingIt would be nice to be able to customize gear with your crafting skills.  If I already have a sword or suit of armor; why can't I just improve it as opposed to having to craft a new item in order to add traits (like balanced or masterwork)But that's really it.  Keep up the good work, I can't wait for the finished product.  I hope it does well enough that you can keep producing nostalgia fixes for us who miss when RPG's were driven by story before all else.  Oh, and I love the Glen Cook quote before the title screen; you classy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.8/10 would bang."
,Not Recommended,230070,34537239,Posted: 27 August,all,DanieltheBatman,"(EDITED I'm adding more about my personal build as the developer thinks I did a hybrid build and wondered around aimlessly)I really wanted to like this game. At first, I thought it was going to be similar to Arcanum (but less buggy), with a setting that is original in fantasy RPG's. Visually the game is amazing and the designers should be very proud of the aesthetic they've created.Unfortunately, the game has mistaken 'hardcore' gameplay for 'masochistic.' I can understand making combat tough and wanting to avoid it until it's unavoidable but to make a player nitpick every single skill point doesn't make a good game.The game eventually becomes a series of Catch-22's that would make even Joseph Heller go crazy:Do I use this skill point to be better at Persuasion, Streetwise, or Impersonate? I can't get past the guards by bluffing and I can't win in the fight against them.I need to buy something to charge this respirator I spent 500 gold on for a quest. If I sell everything I find, it'll only raise maybe 50 gold since my Trade skill is so low. I can't steal because my skill is so low since I put skill points in Lore being as I'm a loremaster. I can't choose arena fighting as even if I win, I have to spend money on healing and it's so expensive. I can't make better potions to heal or vials to throw since my Alchemy skill is too low.I did join a faction, I joined the Commercium in Teron who kicked me out with no warning at the end of Act 1 and then I kept getting killed in the Slums by thieves when on the first Boatmen quest. I was a loremaster and focused on Etiquette, Persuasion, Streetwise, and Lore (as suggested)I'm sorry to not recommend this game, but I'm definitely interested to see what this studio comes out with next. Maybe I'll play a demo version if it's available."
76561198065867547,Recommended,230070,16764631,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DeN_DarK,"If you like Fallout 1&2 and Arcanum this game is must have. It is really all I love about RPGs in one package.Pluses:+ Very good Post-apocalyptic setting.+ Many ways to advance character+ Quests and side-quests are unique and very good plot-wise. No ""grind 10 sculls from monsters"" or ""collect 10 shards"" approach.+ Believable world full of conspiracies and betrayals+ Variety of fractions with different questlines+ Always few ways to finish quest, sometimes chance to turn on your guild and change allegiance+ Hardcore turn-based fights. Some of them is doable but side-quest battles may be very hard and even undoable for some characters.+ All fights are customised and not random.+ Many branches of quests - you cannot finish them all in one gameplay. You see only part of grand schemes.+ High replayability. Game is very different if you change type of character and fraction.Minuses:- It is really may be minus to someone but it is really hardcore. Fights are hard and non-casual.- You cannot make character and see all content for one playthrough. You just can't have so much SkillPoints to do it + plot wise some branches incompatible- Game graphics not very good. Not very bad either. (it is minus if you want only looks from the game)"
76561198057385908,Not Recommended,230070,25516393,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lichenking,"Seems you have to restart over and over, each time optimizing your skill points each time a little more to get a little farther. Kinda lame.Edit: I am sure that is true, but with the liberal use of noob-traps and other cheapy pitfalls i cant say this is worth it."
,Recommended,230070,13967970,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Crippled America,"I'm not going to blather on. If you don't like this game then it's your fault for being stupid, weak or probably both."
76561197996610472,Not Recommended,230070,19322138,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,butlerianjihad,"Terrible writing, the dialog read like an eighth grader wrote it. I thought that it was cute the way the game goes to extraordinary length to stress to you that you really need to avoid confrontations if possible, and then drops a mandatory fight right out of the gate during an early quest. Interesting idea, but this game definitely feels like an anachronism of game design; the sort of thing I'd have expected from a bargain bin in the early 90s."
,Not Recommended,230070,19401311,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Robrecht,"I want to recommend and like Age of Decadence... I really do.But this game has issues. I do not just mean that it has bugs, though it has those.Its issues are... How best to describe it? Alright... If you like Indie games (and if you don't, you definitely won't like AoD any way, so why even bother looking at reviews for it?) you know that every indie game has some rough edges where you're slightly disappointed at how a little more effort could have made it good, but that you're willing to tolerate because the rest of the game is good and the developer doesn't have a huge budget to work out every kink.AoD is a game comprised of nothing but those rough edges and that can get really grating. Especially if you've followed the development of this game from the start and know that the reason for this isn't so much lack of budget (though there was never much of a budget) or lack of talent (Vince and co.  are certainly talented) or even bad engine design (Dead State uses the same engine and uses it much better), but simply the fact that with every one of these issues the developers went 'it's good enough for now, we'll smooth it out later' only to never go back and do that because they were busy with the next part.That doesn't make it a bad game... Just a very rough gem that never ended up getting the polish it needed (and won't in the future). If you're the kind of person who doesn't get a constant sense of 'this could have been better with just a bit more work' or if you're able to enjoy games despite it, AoD is worth getting. If, like me, you're even more bothered by it than the average person, though, avoid this game and the frustration it brings.At the request of several commenters, here are some examples:The writing is often far more verbose than needed, while at other times lacking relevant details.Dialogue options come with heavy consequences without actually having any indication what those consequences are going to be. (""Come into my shop."" ""Sure"" *start inescapable combat that's not winnable for a non-combat built character*)Equipment isn't balanced. (fully half the armour in the early game doesn't offer enough protection to balance out its penalties and with the exception of throwing weapons, only one or two weapon types per weapon group are worth using)Location maps frequently only bare a token resemblance to the actual location and navigating locations at the hand of the map is a daunting prospect.Various conversation bugs (or else design flaws) such as the conversation with the group of refugees at the gate not allowing you to talk to gate guards again.Various animation glitches, such as an npc moving and attack whilst still in the 'getting choked by a bola' animation.Mouse develops a mind of its own when not in fullscreen on a 16:10 monitor.But don't take my word for it: Play the demo. It's a good representation of the game as a whole and all its flaws are not just there because it's a demo. Ask yourself if you enjoyed it enough to be willing to go through 20 hours of that. If you are, buy AoD, if you're not, don't.(Not that it matters that I editted this, because I've noticed the number of 'helpful/not helpful' votes negative reviews for this game get. Seriously, there's negative reviews with 100+ people finding it helpful, the highest voted positive reviews have, what? Less than 30 'helpful' votes, good job gaming the system to keep all negative user reviews off the store page AoD fans. The fact that this is intentional isn't helped by several thread in AoD's Steam discussion forum actively reminding people to do this.)."
,Not Recommended,230070,22889189,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Terminus,"I want to like this game because it's obvious that a lot of work went into it without having access to much in the way of budget. The writing is entertaining, there's ample and well thought out lore that feels immediately relevant, and there's a plethora of dialogue trees and questlines promoting replay. Also, the setting is really intriguing and unique, and making combat inherently risky and more ""real"" while offering non-combat choices is a refreshing approach.That said, the graphics are dated. While the sprites are very well done (the portrait art is some of the best I've seen, full stop) the character models are primitive. I'm not sure how much of that is a limitation of the engine, but I've seen other games using the same engine address that limitation through creative artistic design choices.Though the writing itself is strong, the storytelling left me a bit cold. If an RPG isn't going to motivate the player by pushing them to level stats or find bigger and better loot, then it has to pull them along by engaging their sympathies with the main character. That never happened for me. It still felt like I was just walking around clicking on things and talking to people because that's how the game moves forward, not because I was motivated to progress along a quest line or for any particular roleplaying purposes.Finally, and this is the thing that made me give up on the game, there are too many false choices in a game that prides itself on the strength of its dialogue. Many if not most of the conversations felt more like traps than actual role playing, reminiscient of the old ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" books. They boiled down to, ""You see a knife. Do you a.) try to eat it, or b.) stab yourself."" Without giving specific examples (to avoid spoilers) one that stands out results in either betraying the person you offered to help or having to fight an angry mob. As a persuasive, streetwise, charismatic trader I oddly never had the option to negotiate, an option I felt wasn't unreasonable to expect and which was my intention when I began the dialogue. I finally ended up simply avoiding the encounter, a choice I found myself having to make too many times through the game. The alternative, which I also exercised fairly often, was reloading until I found the right sequence of responses to progress.As I say, I want to enjoy the game, but, frankly, there are too many other RPGs that have addressed the shortcomings here without being excessively ""casual""."
76561197973468279,Not Recommended,230070,25077254,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Walrus,More like a visual novel in that you need to pick the right stats at the start for the good end you want. Don't pick your stats perfectly and you miss out on content/challenges.
,Recommended,230070,12293426,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Zunami,"Note: Game isn't fully released yet.Personal Rating: 8/10Replayability: HighBudget: Worth it.Length: The currently released areas, which isn't the full game, takes at least a few days to play through if you already know how to play successfully. This is the kind of game you restart several times.Age of Decadence is a snap-back to the old-school roleplaying games like Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate.. Litterally. The only truly bad feature about this game, is that graphics wise, and also to an extent gameplay wise, the game is outdated by at least a decade.For those who still enjoy such games, this is a must-have title.It features origin stories and various opportunities in the game depending on what story you chose.Set in a strange fantasy setting that can be a little difficult to understand at first, exploring this setting and trying to get the full picture is half the fun of this game.Exploration, roleplaying and choices. In this game, you do not HAVE to fight (at least, I don't think so), but if you play a character who can't, save often. Being smart and being socially adept are much more important and rewarding features in this game than being a god of war, but being unable to defend yourself in this game (or just a poor fighter in general) means having to play it VERY smart.The game has incredibly good dialogue, but as it's still in production, don't expect everything to be perfect yet. Occasionally.I was captivated by this game for many weeks, and I'm very much looking forward to the full release."
76561198028110589,Recommended,230070,14886455,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Memetic Reprobate,"Age of Decadence fills a nice niche inbetween the action rpgs of today and the old-school rpgs like that of Baldur's gate admirably. The combat system feels really natural for a turn-basedlite system, one can easily get a good feel for the dos and don't of the system within hours. The graphics in the game aren't the best but they are still great, there are some genuine moments of awe when you first enter certain areas or ♥♥♥♥ up certain areas with your dumb actions. Obviously though, the story is one of the strongest points of Age of Decadence. A bit too linear for my tasts but nonetheless, the story accounts for what seems like hundreds of variables and is filled with rich side-quests that actually aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Vince and the others have consistenly pumped out story updates, bug fixes, and other patches over the course of the game's development with no sign of stopping anytime soon. In conclusion.10/10, would reccomend.12/10, with rice"
76561197998764317,Recommended,230070,8267254,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mr.ColdStar,"I highly recommend this game. I have played through a 'dialogue' thief and a 'combat' assassin. All the previous reviewers are correct: combat is very tough and realistic. It takes a long while to get the hang of it. Even if you are skilled appropriately, you will still need to use intelligent tactics to take out your opponents. I particularly like that even on a ""combat"" route as opposed to a ""dialogue"" route, the game is equally enjoyable. That is very rare in an RPG these days and shows a lot of promise for the final version.A major con is that there are many, many bugs in this early access demo and it has crashed more times than I can count. But that is to be expected from early access versions and I can live with it given the very interesting story, quests and combat. I consider my 25 bucks well spent and look forward immensely to the next update."
,Not Recommended,230070,28948498,Posted: 2 January,all,Sergio di Napoli,"I find it very disappointing when a game presents you with a system that promises a lot of mechanics, and then you just use them little.The story looks interesting... but it'd better off as a book, than as a game."
,Not Recommended,230070,24734111,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,HappyZavulon,"Terrible performance on a rig that eats The Witcher 3 on Ultra at 1440p for breakfast (this game is dropping in to low 20s FPS wise on Low settings) while looking like a game from the early 2000s.Overall the game is a bit dull and the story doesn't seem to be that interesting. The combat is purely stats based, so if you didn't balance the character perfectly - tough. The combat itself mainly consists of stabbing, then moving back a bit, then stabbing again once your opponent catches up. Maybe throw some things while you are at it.It's serviceable, but it's not even close to the new XCOM games when it comes to fun and engagement, and the new XCOM games are rather simplistic when it comes to tactical RPGs.If anyone wants a good RPG, I'd rather suggest people picked up the Shadowrun Series, Torment: Tides of Numenera, Pillars of Eternity (though that one might be a bit dull for some), Underrail and The Witcher.Some people may enjoy this game, but I am quite thankful that I got a refund for this."
,Recommended,230070,14955513,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Exojiin,"If your a fan of fallout 1 but wish it was much more challenging then you should definitly check this game out.  While not for eveyone im sure, if your into game over screen deaths (like good old Sierra) then get it NOW . Very tasty with much replay value. Also you can tell how much love and care the devs are putting into it."
,Recommended,230070,15653706,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mosquito Señorito,"In a nutshell: Old school non-linear hardcore RPG with rich lore, which lacks publicity.Depending on your skills or class, you can progress in violent or non-violent way. One of the possible playthroughs is super violent, you have to kill almost all of the city guard.And now comes the ugly part of combat. If you like hardcore- you'll love the combat. If not, well... you have to spend your skill points veeery carefully or you're in trouble.But, as I've said, there's a non-violent path of silver tongue. And through dialogs you can find out a lot about the world. The very interesting, post apocalyptic world, the Empire, which didn't survive the magic wars.As to overall rating... There's a demo for the game. I'd suggest you try it!"
,Not Recommended,230070,26633963,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,bunny1ov3r,"Expensive game for its low production value, crap quest marker, poorly optimized. I would say the game is ""difficult"", a honest claim that developers actually tried to refute many times, but the truth is that I just can't find the main plot line at all."
76561198075678677,Not Recommended,230070,21426506,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,boner,Did not enjoy this game at all. Looks terrible and not enough to keep me interested. I don't mind if the graphics are poor but they grated on me a lot with this one.
76561198068953251,Not Recommended,230070,24044098,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Azzilian,"Roleplay system is too rigid. Its not old school RPG, its just learn class-skill to win RPG. Freedoom of action will guide you too loose , do any freedom action and you failed tons of quests.. TOO much of quest are failed or resolved with higher price."
76561197977343933,Recommended,230070,13299355,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,idBeren,Thoroughly enjoyed this pre-release and can't wait for the final chapter.
,Recommended,230070,28812924,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Smoker,This game makes me want to punch babies
76561198055366275,Recommended,230070,9485800,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sir Olorin,"An ambitious, awesome and beautiful isometric RPG. Its the rebirth of the great RPG games, dont hesitate to buy it to support the developers ! They are awesome too :)I played the demo and I immediatly wanted to buy it. Nevertheless, there is some features missing in my opinion :-deeper character creation (You have a very limited choice at start, not cool :/, I mean, Would be cool if you were able to choose personallity traits, more hair dress, more faces, a deeper Background (With 3 entry atleast for each background)-being able to possess Towns, Soldiers, Outpost for the character would be awesome too.-the game need more location, but its still an early access-multiplayer ( Sandbox servers ?, sound cool, doesnt it ? :à )Finally, I think this game is THE next-gen RPG, I want a Age of Decadence 2 in some years, dont you ? :)"
76561198150388119,Recommended,230070,16605208,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Blackmill138,"Age of Decadence is real treat for any fan of the RPG genre. For those who enjoy combat, AoD contains a robust, challenging, turn-based system that accommodates multiple styles of play, and avoids trash encounters. If you would rather play a non-combatant, that option is supported too, as AoD integrates quest solutions into its detailed, well written, branching dialogues and text-based encounters. On top of providing strong supporting systems, AoD includes the most complex and nuanced plot in a video game to date, and you will be shocked by just how much you can influence the story. Overall, AoD shines in many areas, from its tactical combat and intricate lore to the premiere writing and unparalleled plot structure. I have played many great RPGs, modern and old, and I can say without a doubt that Age of Decadence is the best so far."
76561198129071365,Not Recommended,230070,30431285,Posted: 10 March,all,123RollerCoasterB,i cant figure out what to do.  i have 3 quests in my journal but no way to tell what to do next.
76561198025609883,Not Recommended,230070,18518523,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,zerohunterx5,"Sigh.... This game is a great concept but the creator made this game painstakingling hard. You'll spend your whole day re-loading every mistake you made to perform a better outcome. I tried really really hard to adapt to the impossible difficulty setting to this game. I mean you have one character and in fights you're mainly by yourself vs 4 or more enemies. in addition your hit chance is against you while the enemies are more than likely going to hit you. Sure you can increase your stats but if you spend your stats unwisely you positive adavancement decreases exponentially. I spent several days trying to perfect thief and it just doesnt work... Crossbow lvl 4 sneak steal lockpick all lvl 4 Dodge lvl 4 and I still cant get past beginning areas whether the skill challenge is too high or im out numbered and I do♥♥♥♥♥♥for damage or I cant hit♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really really wanted to like this game. I bought it for early access and was hoping the creator's would make some minor changes to ease the difficulty from impossible to hard at least but they didnt.  Sorry for the bad review, but you can't make game impossible to beat. Im the type of person that must do everything and complete it. If I can't complete a mission after I tried ALL options avalible game was made to difficult."
76561198077094519,Recommended,230070,29510524,Posted: 26 January,all,IronBaba,Pretty decent game.. i can't put my finger on what stands out but i quite got invested in it...I especially liked the brutally hard combat and some of the choices/options.
76561198026892903,Recommended,230070,30380179,Posted: 7 March,all,Bijat,f
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,230070,18959523,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dawgamims,"I don't know... something just seems a little off about the balancing of the game and its linear narrative. Let's take a look:The game isn't actually hard (much to every other reviewers chagrin). Instead, you have to be crafty and calculating. The game forces you into a Game of Thrones-esque universe. It would be sort of fun if you were given multiple ways to handle situations. I like to play RPGs as myself - what decisions would I make in a given situation? But before you have any options, the game forces your character into murderous plots filled with espionage and crooked politics. Once you accept that you'll make Cersei Lannister look like a saint, the game becomes a bit more fun. However, the linear gameplay is somewhat of a bore.""But Nothing!"" another fan says, ""how is this game linear with 7 different factions to join/help!"" It's linear because you DON'T have 7 different factions to join. You pick one at the beginning of the game, and then you're stuck on-rails to do their bidding. If you fail, there are a small handful of quests that you can do, but they're seemingly inconsequential, or they benefit only one faction. In other words, the game dictates what you do and how you do it, limiting choice.Choice is further limited by the situations and encounters you have. Since the story is linear and you have only one faction to truly be apart of, your ""choices"" come down to how you kill someone or advance yourself/your organization. Do you bring some extra muscle and do it yourself? Or do you cleverly convince a group of assassins to do it for you? Either way, that one person is going to die with little to no consequence as to how he dies.Finally, there is the problem of balancing. This is indirectly related to choice because you have to know exactly what skills to invest in at the beginning of the game based upon the faction you chose. Otherwise you'll find yourself at a critical juncture without the necessary skills to progress. Do you die at this point? Can you reload to reinvest your skills at an earlier save? No. The game just sort of awkwardly stops. It would  be nice if you could try something else. Think of it as a ""boss fight"", only instead of swords, you fight with words and perhaps a clever diplomatic approach will win the day. But no, you're either given one choice, or both choices involve skill sets that maybe you didn't develop all the way. You'd literally have to restart the ENTIRE GAME just to have another chance at it. That's not fun. It's frustrating. This isn't Dark Souls or some other Rouge-Like, where half the fun in the game is in the mere combat/progression, while the other half might be in a narrative arch. This is a game that is almost purely a narrative, with little to no variation in the story based on your choices (except the all-important choice of which House/Guild you work for at the beginning) - it is nothing but an unnecessary chore to have to replay different segments of the game AGAIN just because the developer made a problem insurmountable.That's not ""hard"". It's just obnoxious.So, I can't recommend this game. I definitely would love more games to put less emphasis on combat and more emphasis on diplomacy, but I don't want choice and consequence sacrificed as a result. This is nothing more than a novel as far as I'm concerned. Is the story good? Yes. Does the player have any agency in it? No."
76561198027531240,Not Recommended,230070,19295036,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,trueknight,"Great ideas, but poorly or not fully implemented...I'm fine with tough games, but this one is mostly save-scumming your way to the end. It's a pity becuase of its great settinga and storytelling...but even that it's sometimes diminshed by not knowing how to roleplay what you wanted to roleplay..."
76561197969595198,Not Recommended,230070,18946314,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,coffin_killer,"Absolutely horrible game.  The majority of the positive reviews were written by paid CIS trolls.Do not play this game if you don't like games where everything is controlled and you have to guess exactly how the DM's intended you to play.Took them 10 years to make this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbage?   Too bad 98% of the game was inaccessible to me (for which I paid $30), otherwise I would have given them a positive review.Sorry guys, some people work for a living and play video games to relax in their meager spare time.  We don't all have time to guess the arbitrary machinations of autistic GM's."
76561198004130332,Not Recommended,230070,18560458,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Trav8826 (Anierin),This game is far too linear. By that I mean you are often committed to very limited or just one course of action through out the game. I found myself playing reloads and restarts constantly just to try and win combats and there's no fun in that.
76561198007866713,Not Recommended,230070,18856922,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ckartman,"It looks like a game I'd like, but the mouse won't stay still and the ""fixes"" work only briefly before the problem returns."
76561198007807564,Recommended,230070,16693597,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Drunetovich,"This game is for people that love a tactical challenge, combat is very hard unless you mastered the system. Don't try to use hybrid characters, it is a 'hard mode'. If you plan to go to combat make pure combat build for your first time. Story and setting is harsh and cool , ancient magic system is unique to this game i have seen nothing like it in the years and years of playing rpgs."
76561198100192365,Not Recommended,230070,24710517,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,phoenix,"i bough this game thinking that it was a open world RPG.but this ins't.fine,start playing 1 game and ♥♥♥♥ it up.the second game was fine exept that this is a ridiculous game that suply is limited and even if your are not a fighter class you have to fight 3 and more enemy at the same time sooner or later.prepare to load your saved game 100 time to win at last it is possible.the game itself is too linear that i tought.so if you want to be frustrated about getting killed all the time,failed because you did'nt spend your char point in one spec buy it!!!"
,Recommended,230070,10848561,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KraftyKev,Brutal and unforgiving gameplay.  I silently wept when one of the first achievements I received in this game was Die 100 times and was still in the first city. Combat is hard and trying to be decent at multiple things is a quick way to suck at everything. Pick a skill and go with it.  Great turn based medieval game with a solid story line so far.
,Recommended,230070,10113492,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Caine,"Extremely faithful to the top down cRPG genre, Age of Decadence does NOT disappoint. The music and world Iron Tower Studios have created cater perfectly to the severity of combat and survival it thrusts you into.(Mild Spoilers) I couldn't help but laugh tackling the very first encounter in my playthrough as a Thief, head on and getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. I think most players will have to take a step back and think about each choice they make lest it be their last.Can't wait to see what Iron Tower Studio's adds to the campaign come release!"
,Recommended,230070,17197347,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,sku11knight,Great game.
76561198046777144,Recommended,230070,17863297,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Supercyp,"This freaking game... I used to think that I was capable of doing what needed to be done in these sorts of games to at least get through each encounter, even if battered and bruised, but to survive to fight another day... I read the reviews beforehand, I thought these were much the same as those for similar games I've completed with just a little bit of forethought, and I thought that maybe I could make it through most of the game without batting an eyelid... Boy, was I wrong...You cannot be a jack of all trades and master of none and still hope that your skills will get you through. You cannot hope on blind luck that maybe, just maybe, those guards in the distance will somehow not notice your presence and leave you to your own devices... You cannot enter a potential conflict and think that you'll then be able to talk your way out of it, or that there'll be some saving grace or guardian angel to prevent your inevitable demise... This game is unforgiving... You are useless... You are as if you (yes, you, in the real world sitting there reading this) decided that you would step away from your computer for a few minutes, pick up a dagger, sword, etc., and try to take over the world...You are not a god. You are not a champion. You are not even in the running to make the finals of a computer game tournament. You are useless: a random person with no particular ability to do anything, trying to make something of themselves in a world where only the strong can become recognised, and the weak do anything to please so they don't offend those in power. You could simply take up a trade, hoping that taxes don't increase too much, your lord won't restrict the rights bestowed upon you for being their loyal citizen, and, above all, that your city won't be raided by a more powerful army where you'll likely need to forego many of the ""luxuries"" that you've become used to living in an established settlement. You could do this, but where's the fun in that? If that sort of life suits you, try a real life simulator. If you want to be a god, try any other RPG.If not, and you really want to work (and I really do mean work) towards achieving all that you feel is entitled to you, then, perhaps, this game is for you. You won't be able to finish all the tasks put to you. You won't even finish half (I've yet to try the ""god mode"" listed in the guides, but it seems that this will restrict the story you develop.) My only suggestion (after numerous failed attempts at living in this unforgiving world) is to focus your development on the character choice you make in the beginning. I've yet to determine if this method will be successful in all situations, because even the most eloquent of speakers runs into trouble in this game, but it seems to be your best bet if you truly wish to survive.Put simply, you will die... Many times... And often at the most inopportune moment... But... To succeed in these situations makes it all the more worth it. A fantastic game, and a credit to the developers. Your survival is up to you. Your life is yours to lose. The question is, are you willing to risk making that sacrifice?"
76561197997488014,Recommended,230070,15038837,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ж Achilles Ж,"This game takes you into a world where your decisions are valuable. Who is bored of the games in which your decisions and consequences do not matter? In this game, all your actions have consequences and decisions decide over life and death. It's a RPG which provides a superior story and you can decide which way you want to go. The plot of the game is very exciting and any choices you make can be the story have been different. You want to experience it as Assassin, traders, mercenaries or even as a nobleman? The Age of Decadence is the answer."
76561198055198889,Recommended,230070,10825795,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Decarn,"This game can be unforgiving at times, but you definitely feel a sense of accomplishment when you complete an objective."
76561198018851760,Recommended,230070,15332970,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,SpeedKatMcNasty,"Great RPG right up there next to the newly released Pillars of Eternity. Very very hard, but it makes the main character seem human."
,Recommended,230070,16570679,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shiny and Chrome,This game is incredibly interesting and absolutely unique.  I have never played a game ANYTHING like this and find the developers approach to be very refreshing and brutally challenging.  This game really makes you wrack your brain at times thinking of alternate solutions to an inevitable confrontation.  The environment this game creates is that of a desperate post apocalypic world plagued by poverty and political conspiracies that sort of looks and feels like the downfall of the Roman Empire.  The best thing about this game is that it's made for a very particular gamer - there are no shortcuts and this game aims to kill you every step of the way.  Being prepared pays off.  Fantastic experience.
76561198027208367,Recommended,230070,16683311,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,pbg82,"I have never played a game like this. Even after very little playtime everything feels so fresh, so new. I truly love it."
76561198019788935,Recommended,230070,15779946,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,chrishax,"developers did fix a serious bug leading to ctd before start, so thx for all that work, review changed to positive, hoping no more bugs...."
76561198004360869,Not Recommended,230070,34281320,Posted: 16 August,all,USER,"I played through this game 2-3 times (offline, did not register as ""hours on record"") and it has an interesting enough story, but it is absolutely broken from a gameplay-design standpoint.   You MUST cheat to actually progress the story, so it is a complete waste of time.  The creators clearly miscalculated what it should take to move things along when they initially wrote the game and are too disinterested to go back through and fix it.You MUST cheat no matter how your character is specced.  If you do not cheat then you will search high and low for a door through which your type of character can progress the story and find that there simply is not one.  You will start over fresh and try a different type of charater only to encounter a different brick wall through.  I have seen the responses to critical posts that try to defend the game by stating ""it's supposed to be hard and high-stakes and you have to specialize to finish the game.  You just aren't used to it because modern games let you max out all skills and 100% the game with a single character.""  This is a smokescreen. This is misdirection to persuade potential buyers to ignore the criticism and buy it anyway.Functionally-speaking, the game is divided into separate chapters or acts like Diablo 2 and presented to you as locations or towns that you travel to and perform quests when you arrive.  The problem is that you can not actually complete the quests that you are assigned.  If you specialize your class, stats, and skills to be someone that does not engage in combat, you will not be able to progress the story because you'll be forced to walk down a particular path where you will always get attacked and there is no opportunity to talk or bribe your way out of it.  If you specialize in a combat character you will find that you will be unable to progress past a step on a quest where you must recruit this guy or persuade that guy.  When you try a balanced character you will be unable to progress past either of those steps.However, you can unlock the next town long before you actually finish the quests for the chapter that you're stuck on.  Just go on to the next town and do some stuff to get your specs, stats, and gear boosted then backtrack and finish the quests so you can progress the story, right?  WRONG. As soon as you leave it auto-completes nearly every quest you had at that town.  When you go back and talk to the NPC's they're talking at you referencing things that you did and you have no idea what they're talking about. They are referencing the later steps of the quests that you were unable to complete beacuse you got stuck!  It doesn't make any sense.  You're praised for deciding things a certain way when you were never even presented with that decision.Imagine playing Diablo 2 and you reach the end of the second to last act and just have to beat the boss that guards the path to hell.  The door to the boss room is locked and you have three options to get in the room, all of which is impossible if you are specced in any of the ways that would have allowed you to get to this point in the game.  You decide to just go to the last act and complete some minor side quests in hell to spec up.  You return to the 2nd to last act so that you can defeat the boss that blocks the path to the last act.  When you arrive at the 2nd to last act everyone is complimenting how you defeated the boss behind the door that you were never able to get through.It's even worse that only certain cities on the map will trigger this automatic quest-finish thing and there is little indication ahead of time which locations are safe and which ones will break all your quests. Since this problem denies you the quest rewards that you need to level up your character, this only breaks the game more and more because you seem to be falling further and further behind the spec requirements that the game assumes that you have once you reach a certain point in the storyline."
76561197983581541,Recommended,230070,10078309,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Ian Smith,"It's amazing.Brings back memories of Fallout and Arcanum when they were first released.  If you are into oldschool RPGs, give it a go - and save your game often."
,Recommended,230070,7713051,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,trop tard,blast from the past. too good to be true. but here it is. highly recommend to all turnbased/rpg hardcore geeks.
76561198024218847,Not Recommended,230070,30321088,Posted: 4 March,all,Villain Material,"The variety of the game comes from its multiple ways of handleing quests, and not much from actuall choices. That happens because the ""Choices"" presented are far from clear, with simple ""talk to that man"" becoming ""you are part of his guild now"". Your character is often constricted and led to the next unexpect outcome/scene by the few possible lines you can pick - and are often forced to pick even when all of them are plain bad for you, with no way out of the conversations. Extensive dialog avenues, not ""trees"", bring moments when NPCs will say some long long lines, what would be a good thing were them better written (and not only relying in creative ideas, that are there, I'll give them that)."
,Not Recommended,230070,19210344,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dehexed,"I played this game in early access for a while. I liked it so much that I decided to stop playing so I could enjoy the full experience on release.I really enjoyed the game - for a while. The writing is good, and the uncovering of pre-war mysteries as a loremaster kept me hooked until the end.The first parts of the game are full of things to do and objects to interact with, but in the later stages, the game starts to feel really empty.Many of the maps, while beautifully crafted, have almost no interactive objects; it feels a bit like the devs rushed the last half of the game."
,Not Recommended,230070,30345049,Posted: 5 March,all,Deadnight,"I knew within 10 minutes that I wanted a refund.  Clunky controls, choppy animations, and tinny sound breaks immersion completely."
,Not Recommended,230070,29783664,Posted: 8 February,all,Ephorus,"This RPG is as ""indie"" as you can get. Empty, lifeless levels greet you at every turn as you navigate the story of the game. The game would be better off as a novel or a point and click adventure than what we got, as the writing is great, but pretty much every other aspect of the game is mediocre at best.I had to cheat in order to have an even marginally fun experience."
,Not Recommended,230070,21069396,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Orma,"Seriously lacks in content.DO NOT buy this game until it's 90% off or something, just play the demo instead which is like 40% of the game anyway"
76561198000485744,Not Recommended,230070,18692265,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,bobroonie.bda,"Gave this one a shot but in the end, it's a pretty horrible game.- Graphics are terrible, no detail whatsoever. Enviroment feels very bland and fake.- Almost no envrioment interaction like lootables like chests, houses, or desks. Most places are empty with no interaction.1 combat skill point per combat. Combat skills are upgraded a 5 point inrements. After your initial character build it might take 15 or 20 combat points to raise a combat level like ""daggers"", ""blocking"" or ""swords"".Bad dialog. They didn't even attempt to make it resemble the Roman era. Few dialog options.Very little to do. No much to explore, very few quests in a very small world with only a few zones.Since in combat you are nearly always going to go up against 4/1 odds you need to back yourself into a corner to limit the amount of enemeis able to hit you. Not always an option.If you leave Teron, the first location without completing certain quests, you lose the ability to complete them. You can go back to Teron but the quests are gone. With so few quests and so few combat points given from combat, losing quests and points because for going to another city just ruins that game. You're forced to reload an old save and try to take on 9 enemies against your one over and over and over until you've beaten it just so you don't lose the XP by completing a SHORT chain quest.Can't recommend, going to uninstall and never play this again. At least it was on sale and I got 20 hours out of it. Although much of that was idel/on pause."
76561198022518917,Not Recommended,230070,23509693,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Leotsu,"Great idea, great concept, good writing. Problem is your put into too many situations where you have to save scum just to get by."
76561198148004466,Recommended,230070,11556658,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Aramillml,"I confess I was caught by the trailer. The first two sentences are sufficient to show that AoD is not the traditional RPG where god-like characters roam over a Manichaean world. Fortunately the trailer isn’t the best part of the game (bet you can recall some games that it is), and AoD is not the traditional RPG in many other ways.First, the game is realistic: No matter who you are or the sword you have, you can die miserably just by being outnumbered by a common gang. Words have consequences, so being careless with dialogues is not an option (unless you like to reload the game every five minutes).  Think that you will solve problems just by reloading and waiting for a lucky roll of dices? Forget it; there is no place for lucky ones: your success is determined just by skill and ability.  So if you don´t plan and think you will be stuck.Talking about planning and thinking, a curious thing about the game is that it is so unforgiving that in a certain point you start metagaming to survive. You stop distributing your skill points according to your preferences waiting for what the game will require you to do. You save your skill points because maybe you have to use your persuasion or streetswise when you turn the corner, or maybe you have to sneak to avoid an undefeatable enemy. In most games, all this metagaming would be a bad thing, but in AoD it is a plus, since it is a challenge in itself.Second, AoD developers seem to have made a decision of cutting off any filler content. That simply changed my perspective of traditional RPGs and made me see its many design vices. Remember those towns from Oblivion full of people completely irrelevant to the game? In AoD you don’t have to waste your time clicking in every person on the map. Only a few of them can dialogue with you. In addition, you don’t have rooms full of chests that contain only trinkets, encouraging the players to be lootmaniacs. When you find a chest, it is worthy to open.Third, you don’t have to waste your time on “FedEx quests” (to quote one of the developers) in which you waste absurd amounts of time running from A to B, B to A, etc. If a dialogue mentions you have to talk to somebody, there is an option of automatically going to the place where the person stands. The fact that some players were complaining that this “instantaneous teleport destroys immersion” says a lot about the state of things in RPG gaming nowadays. What does travelling per se adds to the content of a quest in which you have to talk to someone in an already visited place?  I guess what kills immersion is the time spent making repetitive things completely irrelevant to the content of the quest.Another innovation is in the writing. Each background leads you to a different quest, but all quests are related to the same events, so that each background makes you see the game in a different perspective.  The massacre of the imperial guards is a big thing from the perspective of an assassin, but it is just an unforeseen bonus in the chess game of the merchant’s guild. The reality of AoD has so many aspects and layers of profundity that gives replaying value another meaning.One thing that is also worth mentioning is that there is a down to earth view of the world shared by most NPCs, even when the subject is the forgotten magic (and they will mock you if you make naïve questions). This is in stark contrast with the grandeur syndrome of most RPGs.Those innovations are not mere improvements based on successful RPG games for PCs, they are in fact innovations of the very RPG genre in games, which is no small achievement. This game slaps in the face of those who think that RPGs are predestined to be silly teenage fantasies made by silly teenage-like adults. It is RPG in its purest and mature form."
76561198038234169,Recommended,230070,8117813,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lucifer,Amazing old school brutual with the best choices i have seen lately and now that it is finally released its everything you could have hoped for they did really well with it so if your into this sort of game its a must have.... short sweet and true
76561198001017785,Recommended,230070,7916529,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ridcully,"A really(!) tough turn based cRPG. There is no hand holding, no popamole, no dragons around the first corner you kill with your super uber mega char in a split second. It is as old school as it gets. If you know the classics, played the Sir-Tech games on hard and love a fresh setting (low magic/demons, roman empire), then this really might be for you. There even is a demo (THAT oldschool), so try before you buy. After all it's Early Access, so it is not yet complete and it has bugs, even crashes (at least for me), but the devs are really a helpful bunch and I am sure they will turn this diamond in the rough into one of the true cRPG classics of our time (as if there are many)."
76561198091428051,Recommended,230070,8941620,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Eminence,"OverviewFirst off, everything in this review is my personal opinion and experience.  If your a casual gamer this game probably isn't for you.  Aside from having a rather non-interactive tutorial (except for the combat tutorial that is optional before you actually start the game) it also has a very steep learning curve.  Actually it's learning curve is nearly non-existent.ProsThis is the only game thatIam aware of that combat is completly optional.  This allows you to get more involved in the story and character interactions.Combat isn't simple.  At the beginning of the game a one on one fight is about as much as you can handle.  If you end up against two people it's going to be a decent fight.  If you have to face three I hope you've saved recently because unless you have back-up (which you don't very often depending on your background) You're going to end up reloading.  This adds an element of difficulty that I feel is missing in many games.  You're never going to see a Dynasty Warrior's style hero slashing through 500 enemies in this game.ConsI've found that you pretty much need to play a combat character or a non-combat oriented character.  Trying to do a mix of the two is nearly impossible.  You'll find yourself in situations where you aren't skilled enough to talk your way out of a fight.  And then once you get into the fight you'll end up dying because you aren't strong enough to survive the fight that you weren't able to talk your way out of the game.  I list this as a con, but also find it to be one of the more entertaining aspects of the game.  Trying to strike a balance between a smooth talker and being able to keep yourself alive in a fight, or trying to figure out which non-combat skills your assassin needs to be able to get by without losing his edge and ability to take out his targets.Biggest flaw I've found in the game is that combat is extremely dependent on item use.  When properly applied a few nets and bolas can make an unbeatable fight a flawless victory.SummaryOverall an enjoyable game.  Hopefully it will get some tweaks as it progresses and will improve into an even better game."
76561198002611170,Recommended,230070,8651038,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Calcobrena,"This game is amazing.  Oldschool Turn-Based-RPG similar to something like Fallout 1 or 2, but with a choose-your-own-adventure book style storyline.  Seriously, try the demo if you like RPGs that offer you actual decision making."
76561198175471086,Not Recommended,230070,34446676,Posted: 23 August,all,Dukeman,"I am baised to rpg's. But this game is diffrent. I wish I could give an ehhh rating but I can't give a good one and here is why.First, I know the game says right off the bat that tha game will be hard and it ain't for weaklings. However, there is a point in time where hard stops being fun and starts being annoying and game killing. First there is combat. Combat is deterimed by 127 dice that has changeing dice faces. There have been times when I have been close to winning and guess what happens? Out of left feild hereeeeeeeeeeeeee comes a critical hit that leaves you dead! Ok big deal right I can just reaload and do it again right? Well you're going to be doing that a while. You should problay just stop fighting. The game tells you the fights that are optional,Well take note ALL FIGHTS ARE optional!!!!!!!!Next are the way skills are set up. You have Combat,Civil and, Genaral skill points. Combat sp is for combat skills,Civl is for civil skills and, Genaral skills you can use for both. Here is the catch though there is no grinding. None. Since each fight is your last fight you don't want to use that to improve however you don't get points for talking your way out of fights. Now you get one skill point for each fight you win. 1 point. No more no less. you may get points for this or that but it stays at one.If you fight 10 pleabs and hack them to bits 1 point. If you barely survive a fight with a heavly armed merc 1 point. Now with civil skills it is similar. Unlike most rpgs where you level up evry so often this game has skill cost. Wich would be fine if the did not jump up to costing 20 points after level four. That combined with the rareity of getting points makes getting better at things hard. So I spent I a while thinking that level 4 sneak right(with no armor penailties) should be able to sneak past some sleeping people but nnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooo they saw me. Like thats the most alert sleeping person I have ever seen.Then there are the quests. Now when you are in one city you can not leave that city to go to another one. Why? All the quests expire. Thats right! I left the city on a quest that FORCED me to leave the city, and I did not know before hand I would be leaving the city. So guess what all the quests that I had not done Expired poof gone. Like why did I even start them? I wanted to complte the quests but I guess I can't because I left the city... Makes sence. This hurts the plot too becuse when you are told to go to another city to talk to this dude but you can't because all your side quest will expire. I feel I am missing out on the story.TL;DR:Combat is too wonky.skills are hard to level up and the story is killed by haveing quests end when you leave a city. There comes a point when the difficulty of a game kills it and stops making it fun. At the end of Fallout 1 I felt a sense of satisfaction like I had beat the odds and fought my way out of an impossible situation. I haven't finished this game yet but I feel like the games punching bag."
76561198037368433,Recommended,230070,17395684,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Harkwell,I just have to recommend this game
76561198047422994,Recommended,230070,17371238,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Nyek,"If you are a casual gamer who wants everything spoon fed to them whilst expecting to be the toughest son of ♥♥♥♥♥ in the entire world I suggest you look else where.This game is hard to begin with, I mean really hard, you will die over and over and sometimes you'll get confused about where your supposed to go or what your supposed to do. You will discover an awful lot about this game through simple trial and error, no single character is able to experience everything that this game has to offer in one play through and nor should it!! Too many games nowadays are watered down crap shipped out for the masses to enjoy without any real challenge, this game however breaks that trend and is a return to the way games should be made.... aimed at actual gamers who enjoy beating at game that is made solely to kick your♥♥♥♥♥Do not give up after dying the first 20 times, stick with it, tinker with your stats and see what works for you! You will feel a sense of accomplishment when it finally clicks and you are able to progress onto the next challenge in the game.The dev team from all i've read about the game seem to be really passionate about their product and are active on the forums, helping anyone and everyone who is struggling or has issues with the game. Great display from their team and one that you do not see much of nowadays with all the awful trash on the market.I highly recommend this game, if you are a real gamer who wants to use your brain to overcome to the challenges in a game, this game is definitely for you!!!"
76561197970774730,Not Recommended,230070,18566589,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,oddvar,"The combat difficulty is counter-productive if you want players to enjoy the game and sell it. As a new player I've failed the same combat situation over and over again. I couldn't proceed as preator, having to start a new game. I managed to survice one combat after reloading like seven times. Sure, I could probably have spent one entire evening in the Training area and looking for tutorials on the net. But I haven't got the time. Put a Difficulty gauge in for goodness sake. As a programmer I can only assume and hope that you did put in a hidden difficulty variable in any combat resolving processing. Else you're in trouble."
76561198031648048,Recommended,230070,8639908,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ckphalon,A difficult game.  Worth the time and effort to play.  Grifter and Drifter are interesting routes through this world.
76561198051362289,Not Recommended,230070,24067793,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,foaminator,"Crashes often and the UI is horrible. I really wanted this to be a good alternative RPG, but I can't get past the first half hour without a game breaking problem."
76561198045238191,Recommended,230070,9265757,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,HamTheBacon,"This game's learning curve is steep I will admit that, but once you learn its hard not to get addicted. Simply cannot wait until this game is fully finished. Must buy."
76561197986564754,Recommended,230070,9444382,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Afghanicus,"From what I've seen so far this game is awesome for classic rpg gamers. I'll update and finish this review when the games complete but I haven't been this interested in a game in a long time. Weird thing is I can't put my finger on it: there's just a large list of things that are ""right"" about this game. It's so incredibly challenging and you actually feel clever for succeeding at plots. I've played through the first 3 acts with 3 different characters something I rarely do in a game. looking forward to the finished product.... seriously stop sleeping and finish this game!"
76561198024418815,Recommended,230070,12225201,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Tuco1992,"Brutal! If I had to use one word to sum up this game that would be the word I would use. Age of Decadence is an excellent RPG that has all the hallmarks of one of the classics. What puts it apart is not just the difficulty, but the approach. If you try and solve every problem with your sword you will die! Again, and again, and again. Political save and cunning are the only tools to surving this unforgiving world and combat is for once a last resort to dealing with the issues presented before you."
,Recommended,230070,8993030,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Chieftain101,"The first time I played this game, I truly realised its difficulty. When I first chose to become a thief I never realised how much trial and error it takes before you even finish the first act. The game is difficult, not for new RPG players, I would recommend to people who want a real challenge in an RPG, not something that can be completed first time, but something that really makes you think of your actions and how it affects the world around you.To be honest when I first played this game I had my doubts, forced paths didn't seem all that amazing however after time I realised that this is what made the game a good RPG. It will take time for the developers to finish, I am willing to wait, however just remember that this game can be both surprising and challenging at every action you choose, may it be a peaceful, truthful approach or more of a tactful, down to earth approach, any class can be changed to any aspect, from a mighty merchant to a faithful thief. The options you have in this game is so immense, its replay value is outstanding, the amount of things I missed the first time really changed the game the second time through. From tricking an entire religion into believing you are the 'Chosen one', to saving a god trapped in eternal fog, killing anyone who enters it.From an honest review I would rate this a 8/10, its not the best RPG, but its one of the top in my books."
76561197991414143,Recommended,230070,9369610,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Zanarock,This is a very good game I would recommend to anyone that like storyline. It's really nice how your character can be a powerful champion that everyone acknowledge but you don't really understand what's happening. Or being the baddest traitor but protecting your lord by following the wisest path. The combat is difficult and the game needs to save often. See it as an Oblivion game with the highest difficulty. Even though you HAVE to fight in Oblivion compared to The Age of Decadence. I'm eager to see the full version of this and I'm really recommending this game to anyone that doesn't care about graphic but care about gameplay.
76561198042155654,Recommended,230070,9979853,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,the-7th-house,"What can I say about this game .... Well for one its bloody hard. But thats not such a bad thing , normaly I find a game annoyingly hard I go play something else , but I find myself playing this over and over just to get further. Its addictive , they have come up with roleplaying heroin . Good work . now can you put in a wimpy bugger mode please :PIf you like old style turn based roleplay games , buy it , just dont expect to kick♥♥♥♥♥, this game takes tactics , planning and well roleplaying. you need to create a character and play him as he (or her) would react as a real person who can be killed at the drop of a hat.  Be sneaky , selfish , cowardly and downright nasty . try to be the hero and your worm food."
76561198014396249,Recommended,230070,12033813,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Theo,"If you seek a real rpg game ,buy it without thinking..I'm pretty sure this game will be one of the best rpg game of this year along with original sin and poe."
,Recommended,230070,9167407,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Olligarchy,"I absolutely recommend this game! Whilst it still has the bugs and problems expected from an early access game, it shows a lot of promise and the storylines are simply awesome."
,Recommended,230070,9660923,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Mordac,"Now this is a game too look foreward too, it oozes potential.  It is also the first demo that I have replayed more than 3 times in a row.  I am super exited to get my hands on the completed game and honestly, so should you!"
76561198024376847,Not Recommended,230070,18592567,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Crustus Dominus,"The game developers wanted to give you an old school game that was difficult but rewarding.  A noble concept.  Their idea of accomplishing that?  Drive you nuts with lack of real choices.  Sure, the combat is difficult, but several fights that, storywise, you knew were coming nonetheless start with you surrounded and, get this, ALWAYS going second.  In one fight, three people each get two attacks each against you before you can go.  Now I know what the monsters in JRPGs feel like."
76561197969161763,Recommended,230070,11739689,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,snilldog,"This game is so dope.You're not the hero. You're not the chosen one. You're just some guy trying to make it in a harsh, unforgiving world where almost everyone is trying to rob you blind, scam you, or just kill you for no good reason.Combat is brutally difficult. In the beginning, you'll have trouble taking on a single two-bit thug - and even when you become a real badass, taking on two or three soldiers at once is still pretty damn hard. It feels realistic and satisfying.The writing is good and I didn't make it far into the main story, I like the Roman-esque setting and a lot of the decisions have harsh consequences."
,Recommended,230070,9224526,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,tesh5L0W,Great demo. Difficult learning curve for combat or passive playthrough. Looking forward to finished product
76561198014281397,Recommended,230070,12083800,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,HighClericMat,"Not a bad game, but hard to get into. Need to be in right mood to read and put up with a very hard and unforgiving game. Unless this type of genre is your thing, you probably should stay away."
,Recommended,230070,8621543,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,FireBorn,"Age of Decadence is a very hard game especially for melee warriors.I have started the game with a Loremaster (but the stats were customized as 4/4/4/8/10/10) as I understood beforehand that melee is not a good option for this type of game. I have finished the game, completing all but 2 quests, without doing any melee combat. With this type of non-combat playing, i felt like i am in the world of Spartacus with all those plots.Then I have played with a melee character, and after so many tries, I have found that shielded fighter (with max block skill) is possibly the only option to pass all melee encounters. I have won even against 7 enemies in a single fight and killed total of 60 enemies before i gave up playing. This type of play doess not feel like Spartacus by the way :)Although i like turn-based tactical combat most, this game is for hardcore roleplaying fans. If you like reading long texts, plots & roleplaying, this is the game for you.My only concern about the game can be the length of the game as the developers say that the early access is roughly %60 of the final game which i have completed in 1-2 hours."
76561198072211217,Recommended,230070,16691916,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lightvsdarkness,Tons of awesomeness!
,Recommended,230070,9254922,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Architekt,This game is ♥♥♥♥in rad. It's like Fallout meets Roman times. It's hard but deeply interesting in the character choices.
,Recommended,230070,9265124,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,throws IOException,"This harkens to classical infinity engine games while implementing a fine take on turn based tactical combat reminiscent of Fallout. If you long for the days of old when rpg's didn't offer trivial choice and consequence for the sake of marketing it on a box, support this project and the indie wave!The game radiates an atmosphere of distrust and reminds you at every turn that trust must be earned in this new world. The choices you make have consequences that are not always readily apparent and may cause unforseen consequences that still make sense in the game's world.The combat is difficult and subsequentally the game does not give off a hack and slash vibe; you must think carefully before committing to combat. You are no hero in this game, no mighty superhuman foe, but merely a mortal in a very dangerous time in history.Carry on the good work!"
76561198022369703,Not Recommended,230070,19390779,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,..,"You gotta to know what skills you need to put your points into before you start playing the game, and if you don't you're just screwed, while if you do there's no challenge at all. So pretty boring."
76561198010400004,Not Recommended,230070,28883506,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lliogor,"Using bad game mechanics and poor game systems to cover up weak writing and poor game mastering is not acceptable.  It is increasingly sad that making games 'rogue-like' has made this acceptable.  Forcing decisions on players without explaining what they are is fine in a game like Mass Effect or Dragon Age where you can easily deal with consequences, but tying them to auto-kills is not.  Also, you can get away with being a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you are EA.  You cannot do the same when you are a publishing house no one knows.Very dissapointing."
76561197970804941,Recommended,230070,32505590,Posted: 17 June,all,Trashdump,Like Iron
76561197976510998,Not Recommended,230070,18735651,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gloomknight,Unplayable issue with the mouse.  Terrible frame rate.  TRY THE DEMO FIRST.
,Recommended,230070,8629969,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,King Wint,Want a hardcore RPG? Well look no further.
76561197977450036,Not Recommended,230070,30971130,Posted: 5 April,all,Raezzor,"Clunky controls,♥♥♥♥♥♥combat system, ridiculously difficulty. How is this Mostly Positive?"
76561197984740663,Not Recommended,230070,30344294,Posted: 5 March,all,GhostFace,"Not really impressed to be honest.  The game is running off code that really makes me think the engine for this was built in the 90s (like when you see the system message telling you its switching from 8 bit to 16 bit color because it detected a Super VGA Driver).  The character animations are exactly what we got in games in the 90s....that jerky stiff arm n leg movement.As far as the actual RPG aspects of it they seem decent enough but even that feels very dated.  I think this was something someone worked on over two decades ago and finally got around to finishing it without modernizing its engine.Finally tally,  if you can get it for 5 bucks go for it just for the 'nostalgia' feel in playing it but thats about all I can recommend."
76561198089808820,Not Recommended,230070,34676616,Posted: 1 September,all,imdavidfindley,"bought this because I am a big fan of RPGs, the more I can use my imagination, the better,but this game is very poorly designed, I'm sorry, and I feel robbed for the 30$ price tag."
76561198024799765,Not Recommended,230070,23993780,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,slade_wolfe,"DO you enjoy loading? Do you enjoy getting nothing done? do you enjoy after all your hard work getting nothing? Maybe doing that a couple times? well here is my reccomendation, get dial up. its far more interesting. you will die all the time. storylines will end right in front of you and if your lucky you will run out of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do then you will stop playing. i did the thieves thing, mercthing, assasin thing. and they all suck donkey balls. save your money. By the next ♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD game, you will die less, and feel like you accomplish more.the hardest part for me was playing this game, for the third time through. thinking i was getting somewhere. then the game broke. Yeah. fought for hours to continue a terrible story line. just for the game to break.such a waste for a game that looked like it had so much promise."
76561198007433004,Not Recommended,230070,18675267,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,BrennanTate,"For a seting, set up & backstory that just grabbed me and a game with such promise it just falls totally flat.Basically you either need to become a set of moronic slavering super hard wired muscles & reflexes OR the total bulging headed smarmy run from & con everything because a sneeze will kill you. Nothing in between works.Thus all the apparent possibilities just vapourise.It may be a great game for some but for me its limitations just kill any real flavour and character it might have. Short of unleashing ""cheat codes"" to build a rounded character ........."
76561197993729125,Not Recommended,230070,24276192,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Chambers,Not fun
76561198007896052,Recommended,230070,11980928,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tommy W,"The idea of the game is great - You can win by using diplomatic skills instead of fighting skills. It needs a bit of balancing, but dev team works great, and update in monthly basis. Worth it."
,Recommended,230070,9292638,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Wyvern Jack,"This is an amazing example of cRPG done correctly. The first thing you will notice is that it is very heavy on text. The second being that the animation is rather clunky. The third will be that you are dead and have to start again. This game is brutal and it behooves you to consider your course of action carefully. Unless you are a trained and well equipped fighter you WILL die if you try to resolve your problems with violence. That being said it is very possible to complete an entire play through without ever fighting. The sheer amount of content that is in this early access title is mind boggling. The world is populated by a plethora of interesting characters, your options to interact with them just as interesting. (You can even convince a religious sect that you are the chosen one come to lead them to the promised land.) INVEST IN THIS DAMNED TITLE. THAT IS AN ORDER."
,Recommended,230070,17762293,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,bumbumbym,yes
,Recommended,230070,9073783,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Drankenstein,DO YOU LIKE RPGS? DO YOU LIKE LOTS OF COMPLEX DIALOGUE? DO YOU LIKE DYING? DO YOU LIKE POST-APOCALYPTIC SETTINGS BY WAY OF ANCIENT ROME? GET. ON. DIS.
,Recommended,230070,11194765,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,grailchaser,"Damn game. Good but.... yeah, you really have to think through all decisions. Trust the game enough that if you're about to fight 5 thugs or bandits by yourself, you're doing it wrong and have overlooked a plot aspect or made a wrong decision quite recently."
,Recommended,230070,9143620,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Cynath,"Brilliant game. Real throwback, in a good way! I am eagerly awaiting for more completion of this little jewel."
,Recommended,230070,9050477,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Powerslave,"Awesome game, very addicting (I was up till 6 am playing it when I got it!). Not entirely done right now (the game) so you cant progress super far but its very detailed and the multiple paths is fun to mess around with. Really looking forward to the finished product."
,Recommended,230070,9437317,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,AussieMark,"Stayed up all night playing this game till about 6am (initially played the free demo then bought the game and loaded up my old save game - still works).Really fun yet challenging game. I found myself loading / reloading just to see what would happen if i made a different decision or went a different way in the conversation. Endless possibilities, normally with me trying to get the body count and best loot :)Definitely recommended. For some reason it hasnt recorded my 20 + hours in Steam, probably because I played it offline since its single player."
76561198025318524,Recommended,230070,9793049,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Boomer1016,"Great game. Hardcore RPG that seems to be rare these days. Few bugs but it seems that when i do certain quests and all of the dialogue has been completed, the screen goes black and then it goes back to the start menu for the game. I reload the game and it does the same thing. I dont know if its a bug or if its just because its still in early access and doesnt have that content unlocked yet and i have to wait or something. Other than that, seems flawless. Highly recommend it for people who love good old fashioned RPGS which every choice you make could be your last."
,Recommended,230070,13091221,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Fatebinder,great game
76561198062812232,Recommended,230070,9800937,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,KingMex,I wish u guys would fix the direct x error im sure every windows owners getting... every game of mine works and runs properly and i read if u change sumthing and tinker with the video card which im not goin to... i dont want to effect my other games.. plz fix this or i will suggest to every1 not to buy this game 4 that direct x error... so i hope in the near future u have an update that solves this issuesKingMex
76561198008850346,Recommended,230070,10327272,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Foamhead,"***Edited review***Full disclosure, I originally gave this game another negative review. Now that I know what was going wrong my experience with it has been far better.This game is great for people who are into hardcore rpgs. The story is well plotted and most of the characters are interesting. However there is one major issue that makes this game very aggravating. If you are playing a pure diplomat character it is very easy to fail skill checks and have no idea why. Often you will fail a persuasion or disguise check despite having high stats and no clue whatsoever is given as to the reason, which is usually some external stat not mentioned in the text. You will find yourself trying on different clothes, playing with stats only to fail fail fail.If this one issue can be addressed during beta I would say this is an almost perfect game."
76561197999351575,Recommended,230070,7690688,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Federal,"If you enjoyed Fallout 1 and 2, you'll probably enjoy this low-magic, post apocalyptic RPG.  The game offers multiple paths to relatively similar outcomes to drive the plot forward, there is no enforced set of morality, dialogue is engaging and imaginative, combat is highly dependent on tactics, skills, and dice rolls, and the game isn't actually finished. A perfect match!"
76561198006508977,Not Recommended,230070,18677296,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Brigadier,"Sorry Boys, this title is a good try to reach the high level of RPGs around. Story is above the average but everything else tips the balance below mediocre. Difficulty is staggering."
76561198030793825,Not Recommended,230070,16398125,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Joseph,"I purchased this game for €20.99 during the steam summer sale and asked a refund after two hours. Although the game is in early access, the developers claim the game is almost finished (1 map left to go).I bought the game because of its claims to be an RPG where you can quest without having to combat all the time. I played a loremaster for this reason. All i seemed to be doing was: talk to quest NPC, fail the quest, reload save game, change skill stats, try talking to quest NPC again, get a little further in the quest and fail again, reload save game, ... Well, I didn't enjoy the experience.The graphics look low rez or blurry, like an old game would."
76561198299392602,Recommended,230070,35145235,Posted: 22 September,all,Íslendingur,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,230070,18543990,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,zZ?,"Pretty disappointing, really. For 25$ I was told this was non-linear and some kind of rpg breakthrough akin to fallout.WRONG!Basically you have to make a PERFECT character for the EXACT choices you decide on playing in the game. It is completely linear. I suppose when they compared it to fallout, they thought that by making 99% of the choices you make end in instant death or you fighting 6 people in the very beginning of the game was edgy or something.Beginning of the game, crank a ton of points into evade, come into a story-line evasion check, fail. Been playing the game ten minutes. What the ♥♥♥♥?This game IS written amazingly, and the story is great. If you enjoy save-scumming over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again just to pick that ONE right dialog that doesn't get you killed or fighting 30 people alone, this is the game for you. If you want an open-ended non-linear RPG that breaks the mold and does something different, wait for another game."
76561197992596467,Not Recommended,230070,18491265,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,goodman528,"There are no likeable characters in this game. There are no honest NPCs in this game. SIde quests involve either being robbed, stabbed, or misled, and the main quest involve either murdering people because you were told to or manipulating others to murder each other because you can. Role playing as a decent human being will get you killed very fast. Why would anyone play a game that involve this much reading when you just don't care what happens to any of the in game characters? Blah Blah Blah, House X will benefit if you do this, House Y will benefit if you do that.... So what? They are just as bad as each other, and whatever the ending is, it is definitely a bad ending because none of the factions are ran by decent people.This is a old school RPG, so if you want to complete the game you have to either save and reload frequently or read online guides. Compared to other RPGs like Pillars of Eternity and Mass Effect, which can be played blindly with very little reloading and no help from the internet, I feel Age of Decadence is simply inferior because the death and reloading is immersion breaking. It was a business driven game mechanic for the 1 coin for 3 lives arcade machines of the 1980s, but today it just looks out of place. I like permanent death no reload games like jagged alliance 2 1.13, x-com long war, and this war of mine. In those games death matter because you have to keep going and the person you spent hours interacting with is now lost forever. Whereas in this game death doesn't matter because you just reload. This is just bad game design.There are other little annoyances, such as font size is too small on high resolution monitors, you are forced to start combat encounters in melee in tiny rooms even if you try to play as an archer, map areas need to be unlocked and you can't free roam, camera angle changes after every text interaction, too many stats are displayed on screen in combat when only chance to hit and damage range actually matter.If you have the morality of a typical GTA protagonist and you enjoy tweaking complicated excel spreadsheets, and you don't mind dying and reloading all of the time. Then sure, pick up this game. For everyone else, there is simply a lot more games which are a lot better in storyline, gameplay and game design."
76561198023044555,Not Recommended,230070,30345743,Posted: 5 March,all,Athaloc,"The developers have lost the plot. They claim to try move away from the mainstream RPGs of overpowered characters. Please note that the reason most RPGs work that way is because that’s what the players want! This is game too difficult to be fun. Good storyline, but not recommended for casual gamers. Hardcore gamers might find it fun provided they cheat through the impossible combat scenarios with console commands."
,Not Recommended,230070,18501313,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,GlennUno,"For a game that has been 10 years in devolepment, it is... 10 years too late for the market. It praises ultra hardness, being obsessed with numbers and history of ancient armours/weapons like the back of your hand.Example... What is a Zefet? No idea, until you read through the info about it. Pro-tip, could've just said Zefet [dagger] on it, but then again, that would make the game easier to understand.By all means, play it if you hate ""normal"" or ""easy"" games, this game will brutally eat your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for breakfast, plugging it up with a cactus to keep you fresh until later. This game offers you the path of combat or non-combat... why would you choose combat, when you are liable to die from a SINGLE enemy in a leather armor, armed with a dagger and nothing else, while you have a bronze armor, medium shield and sword?You don't have to lift up a weapon throughout the entire game if you REALLY want to.. I'm sorry, I am NOT in the market for Real Life Simulator 2000 BC.Combat should be optional, yes, but not avoided at as much cost as possible.4/10 - Refunding this game.. And I've been watching this game for the last 3 years."
76561198106441438,Not Recommended,230070,18550315,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tintin_jb,"It is interesting that you can solve the game different ways, but skills need to be polarized, a mixed profle of skills is not useful, either talker or full fighter. Overvall movement and grpahics not htat impressive. People to talk to look like defined by storiline, so you got to a lot of places and there is no dialogue line."
,Not Recommended,230070,23497635,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Cognitive,"Feels cumbersome to play. It reminds me much of Divinity Original Sin, which I prefer instead."
,Recommended,230070,8824262,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Reofec,"The Age of Decadence is a fantastic game that anyone that enjoys the roleplay aspect of roleplaying games will enjoy.  It features a choice your own adventure like quality with it's choices and compels you to try many different ways of playing.  Sure you can go all murder-hobo, using killing as your desired method of dealing with problems.  You can also go through the game without killing a single person.  The choice is yours and a game that features choice and actual consequences for the choices you make deserves.. no demands your respect.I love this game for what it is, a true roleplaying experience."
76561197966605584,Recommended,230070,15458785,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Levok,"For an ""Early Access Game"" i would rate this game really well. For those not willing to play and offer input, put this one on follow. It has a unique combat system that is a challenge and fun at the same time. This game holds alot of promise and cannot wait to see the finalize product."
76561197973122360,Not Recommended,230070,14022058,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Enigma,This game is ridiculous!!! I am an old school gamer who appreciates strategy but this is damn silly!!!! This game seems to punish people who enjoy combat. I hate to tell you but ALL RPGs revolve around combat. I respect the fact that I strat the game as an average joe but I cant defeat two thugs  no matter what strategy I use or what I do. I saved and replayed the same battle about 15 times with no luck. At low levels you just dont have the skill numbers needed to be victorious. Very poor game design! Way over the top!!  Please remember real life is tough enough. When I play RPGs I want to play a character that is a cut above not get killed by two street thugs. There is a fine line between challenge and simply not fun. This game is NOT FUN!!!! Enjoy my $24
,Not Recommended,230070,18561257,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Spaguetti,"I've been waiting for this game for a long time. So long that I grew up and I can't find joy in these so called old school games anymore.6h sunk in the game and 80%  of that is loading. You'll reload a lot in this game. I was aware of the old school appeal of this game (hard and all), but save/load is not difficult, it's frustrating...The game make great effort to say that avoid combat at all costs, but that's situations that combat is inevitable and combat in this game is a chore.I guess I'm a casual now :/"
,Recommended,230070,14877359,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Leondark,
,Not Recommended,230070,19076925,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Veracity,I've enjoyed it but I wouldn't recommend this to most people in general. This can be infuriating.
76561198027580964,Not Recommended,230070,14362292,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ahdamnit,"This game is not worth $25, wait until it goes on sale for a large discount before buying it if you really must.This game consists of very little content wise so far.  The first section basically is you going around town playing gofer randomly being jumped by scumbags.  There is no overland map or outside the villages/cities to travel to if you need to go someplace for a quest it either takes place in one of the couple of towns in the game or you are trasported to the map that you need to go to.Going back to the first town from the second doesn't seem possible and I don't remember being warned before turning in the quest that caused my being sent forcibly to the next town.  If you have something to do there before then finish it before turning in any main quests you complete.Most people bring nothing to the game as they cannot be interacted with.  Most stuff in the game similarly cannot be interacted with.  This makes the maps that do exist feel empty to me.  It also makes some of the skills mostly useless or at least far less so then they could be.The movement system is crap, point and click.  There is no free movement with the WASD keys.  Those just control the place that the camera is in the area you are so you can have your character completely off of the screen.There doesn't seem to be much in the way to actually craft, not alchemy, unless you find preexisting things and break them down as you don't seem able to purchase raw materials.  You also cannot experiment with stuff and create your own armor and weapons you can only buy the plans.  However you can do that with alchemy, there just aren't that many compounds to find apparently.The combat system is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the character seems overly weak.  At max con you get relatively few HP.  Unless you have high levels of skill in whatever ability you are using they are pretty useless, but not for your opponents.  Most of the noncombat skills are overpriced per level for the amount of use tyou seem to get out of them.  Even at 10 in a skill, which seems to be the max, it can still fail."
76561198032349912,Recommended,230070,30216708,Posted: 27 February,all,obhe,a good RPG5 Starseveryone should get it
76561198045539088,Not Recommended,230070,31392298,Posted: 27 April,all,Bingo boy,stupid combat mechanics
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,230070,25450591,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Huggles `,"Downvoted because I don't like this design philosophy.It is essentially a 10 hour game that you can replay with other different types of characters and have some very different missions leading to essentially the same plot and ending.This is idiotic. In essence, to get your money's worth you're expected to play the same story over again with some changes in the specifics.Why not make a 50 hour RPG that gives you ALL of the content (at least as much as you want) in one playthrough?What is the damn point of playing a story driven RPG 5 times if you ALREADY KNOW THE STORY.It's like, instead of buying a good long book for $10, you buy 1/5 of a book for $10 because the writer expects you to read it 5 times.It's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ design, so downvoted."
,Not Recommended,230070,18496175,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr_Goblin,"There is something inherently wrong with how defensive abilities are being handled.  Heavy fighters stand little chance against Dagger wielding swashbucklers.  If you play a heavy fighter you will probably die alot more than a light fighter because of dodge and defensive skills versus a heavy fighters reliance on his armor.  At the moment it is better if you just play a light fighter with high dodge skill until they study the effects of armor in their game.  If you are a heavy fighter type beware, it's frustrating and perhaps not your cup of tea, but if you like the light fighter dagger wielding type than you'll most likely have more fun."
76561197992986132,Recommended,230070,9121445,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GreatPioman,"The Game is fun to a point, when you have to die over and over because your guy can kill 2 baddies then some strong baddie appears and you miss miss miss miss miss miss miss then he kills you in 1-3 shots. I sucks !! The main thing in the game that should be fix is the odds ! The fact that you can only do quests to level up, that you are limited to what quest offers to level up its funny. If you fight , well make sure to have lots of constitution and action points since otherwise all the attacks will lack. Yet how many time you will miss instead of hitting an enemy. so in some situation where you can't have enough health since health potions are too expensive and your health doesn't regenerate over time which is a big flaw in the game. The point of an indie game is not to try to act like a REAL game, its to keep it old school yet ENJOYABLE, you want people to buy the game, to actually Succeed and follow the story plot. Not to get frustrated because you kill 2 enemy and 1 kills you or if you join him you both get killed by some other enemy. When you start up and can fight one guy at full health, good because you can get gold and get better items, but then you are always over match by the enemy ! You should be able to have a fair fight as your main character and kick♥♥♥♥♥ these games are why people end up making trainers and hacks because they just get annoyingly boring. Yet I'm willing to see if the developpers are smart enough to improve the game !"
76561197967717977,Not Recommended,230070,30376675,Posted: 7 March,all,chanss,Useless game. Developers cant even get the mouse to work ingame. Refund
76561197966943630,Not Recommended,230070,18630729,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,je_,The game is crashing to desktop all the time
76561198027929408,Recommended,230070,8143966,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,GeorgeWashington,I recommend it for sure but maybe not at full price. awsome game look alot like the old fallout system love it so far
,Not Recommended,230070,22352518,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Right0us_Man,"EDITEDMy original review and following forum post titled I WANT A REFUND, are all coated in a nice layer of hatred for this game, a need to get my money back at the time, and frustration with the way the game plays, not to mention the fans and just wanting to be an @$$hole to them because I could.I am officially apologizing for my hostility and rampant anger that is easily seen in my posts as time goes on on the discussion board. I'm also sorry for saying the devs are liars. Although the store page isn't entirely truthful as to what type of game this is overall.My attitude and tone was uncalled for and I should have approached it all with a different point of view, but after having fans simply repeat the same things over and over to me on the forums I eventually just had enough and blew up to end the discussion on my end. They of course kept going for a bit. Rabid dogs that they are. That said I've learned some things from my time with this games community, rather than the game itself.One thing I learned is that Game Devs on steam, cannot force steam to give your money back. The dev offered, because he didn't want my money and didn't want me as a customer. This was the entire purpose of my original post, i figured if I made a stink I could get my money back. I was wrong and my tone was over the top and I shouldn't have posted it.However, I'm still not recommending buying this game. Two things.1- The Dev that makes the replys for this page, Vince. Mainly seems to respond to negative reviews, with a list of links he has at the ready to provide you with information you cannot get from playing the game yourself and rather must exit the game and go to a website in order to learn to play the game ""the way its meant to be played "".Also from many of his responses on other reviews, it seems his main goal is to immediately discredit the reviewer by suggesting that you have missed the proper way to play the game entirely and are making a review without having full knowledge of the game. Unless your review is a thumbs up in that case he hardly seems to respond at all. This is something I noticed after reading some of the other reviews and seeing his replies there.2- My times with the fans of this game, The fans of this game are quick to defend it and I wont call them out for doing so, as we all defend things we like. Their harshness towards me is the standard dribble that I dealt to them eventually. The only thing I can say that was above and beyond on their part is that eventually one or two of them took it upon themselves to use my real name and insult me. I never used any of their real names, or even used Vinces' name. That type of behavior is stalker like. Be warned, if you choose to leave a review for this game, as the fans will attack you ferociously and the devs wont really stop them at all. In a way they seem to encourage this behavior.Now for the review.The graphics for this game are quite dated and if you find yourself, like me, becoming something of a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ as the ages pass you by then you may also have a issue with this.There is really no point in designing a character as that aspect of the game is almost not there at all. The camera angle further eliminates any need for customization. Armor, clothing and weapons are the main thing that will change the appearance of your character.The devs say that all of the quest lines are hand written along with all their encounters. And while I admit that's a good thing.. aren't all quest lines in most rpgs hand written? In that someone wrote them? I mean that's not really a game feature at all, until i see more and more rpgs using nothing but randomly/proceduraly generated quest and story lines I cannot call this a game feature, because it isn't.The game boasts a ""hard core"" choice based story line that branches into other story lines based on your choices. This is true but at the same time it isn't. From my time with the game, which is limited given I never made it past the 2nd town, all I saw was skill based choices. There are very few choices that are not skill based that I saw that had a effect on anything. The only time this became true was during a mission where I could betray my chosen guild. And even if you disagree with me on this point, the end game of these story lines ( which calling them branching story lines is a bit of a stretch honestly ) is often the same, only changing for some major plot points and disregarding the vast majority of your actions that lead up to that event.26 hours. That's how much time I put into the game, the fans often said to me that asking for a refund after 30 hours is stupid and that I was stupid for not playing the demo. Well as it turns out I never had a ragequit problem until I got to the 2nd town and basically got to the mid point for my guild questline. So no matter how many hours I played the demo for, I would have never gotten to that same point as it was not included in the demo. This is going off what the fans have said, that the demo is the entire game, just only the first town.Also I just cannot judge a rpg within 2 hours. I played it for as long as I did and then I had my judgment. It unfortunate that steam has a 2 hour policy and a auto review of those refund requests. Heck I still want my refund of Sid Meiers Pirates, because it wont run anymore.The straw that broke the camels back.I ran into a fight where the placement for my character for said fight was simply unforgivable. Normally this isn't really a issue as combat can be hard or very hard in some rpgs, but not in the same was as AoD. This game makes everything seem like a extra effort, I don't enjoy the way combat unfolds, the turn based system isn't the problem. I just don't like how you choose your combat actions. I feel that even with this GUI they could have gone with something that felt less restrictive. My view of combat is also tainted as I died so many times in the first town that I eventually made a min max character and was able to move forward, giving up any hopes I had of having a combat savvy, talker or some other combination that isn't just nothing but one type of combat.Anyway, in said combat I was forcibly placed into the center of a room with 3 or 4 enemy's. My character knows there are multiple people in the room, as is suggested by the text leading up to entering it. Even knowing this, you just enter it anyway, rather than allowing the player to opt for a ambush at the choke point. What is really funny about this being the combat that made me ragequit is that, up until that point I felt I finally had the game figured out ad least enough to allow me to explore and simply die over and over. While its true I always had the option to run away and abandon the quest, doing so basically makes your character a wanted man and prevents you from progressing your factions missions forward. While running away is always a option, and while my pride didn't at the time allow me to do so, I still felt like I was being railroaded into this situation and just hated it.Often times that is how the game feels. Some people may enjoy a game that provides no hand holding at all and practically forces you to exit the game and learn to play it by watching videos online and reading pages and pages of character build strategies. I'm not one of those people and if that aspect of the game had been made much clearer on the store page for the game I wouldn't have ever bought it to begin with.In short this game heavily reminds me of my original Dungeon master for 3.5 dnd. He was the kinda guy who says, the wall attacks you and also fondly enjoyed dropping bombs on players like, ""I'm sorry but you never specifically said you were getting that item, so even though without it your all about to die, I don't care."" This game and its choices all feel like I have no freedom at all."
76561198027297781,Not Recommended,230070,23861468,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,emperorzeb,"I don't know what it was, but the game would repeatedly crash whenever it got to the first screen of a new character. I more than meet the system requirements, so I'm not sure what the problem was. After about two hours of this, I called it quits and asked for a refund."
76561198102312455,Not Recommended,230070,23998706,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lllalexlll,way to hard for anyone who wants to play for fun. i like idea of roman based RPG but this game is HARD.
76561198015018853,Not Recommended,230070,35361508,Posted: 30 September,all,Fat Max,Mouse issues make this game completely unplayable. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,230070,18487046,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,voicer,"Graphic is acceptable. Difficulty is very hard, which is good. What I do NOT tollerate - is constant crashes, been playing about 8-10 hours and game crashed like 6 times. Save every step you make or get away from this game. It also seems very linear and boring in real options you have. I expected better, after reading all the reviews..."
76561198010865368,Not Recommended,230070,22009081,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,fallenshadow,the no way of gaining hp in this game sucks no healing no potions to heal. if its not a one on one fight your not going to make it with 25 hp. looked like a really good game its lacking 25 gold for a one time use net sucks everything is price too high. not way to farm money fixed story line pretty much. it could be fixed save your money buy something else
76561197963839656,Not Recommended,230070,18545638,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Diuck,"I bought this game after reading the reviews on steam. I went into it thinking it was similar to fallout 1+2 only to find the game very unpolished and unenjoyable. For the price tag, it wasn't worth it for me. Maybe it gets better later into the game, but i spent almost 1 hour trying to get past the first couple of enemies."
,Not Recommended,230070,11803741,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Brofest,"It's not often I regret a game purcahse, but for $25 I can't belive I paid for this game. The main issue is the core mechanics of gameplay- combat is so brutally difficutly that it is not at all enjoyable. I know a lot of people are writing reveiws saying this is a throw back to old school games. I dissagree- this is poor game design. Besides fighting your other option is to play a non combat character, which is the optimal choice, since combat is clunky, not intuitive, and not at all forgiving. I wish I could charge back for this game. Lesson learned. Do yourself a favor and play the demo if you are at all interested in backing this project."
,Not Recommended,230070,18392060,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hummelmann,"I wish there was a neutral 'meh' option, I was fairly set to give this game a thumb's up due to it's neat Late Roman Empire post-apocalyptic feel and the obvious fact that a lot of work has been put in(credit where it is due), but realizing that a CRPG with a vestigial 'Trade' skill(sales aren't a magical independent ability, it's a combination of charisma and persuasion in real life) is being released in the year 2015 makes me cringe.This is very much a sendup to the late 90s-early 00s CRPG era. If you like *everything* about old isometric CRPGs like Fallout, including the chunky isometrics, the terrible merchant pricing balance, and the comical combat difficulty(not difficulty as in brutal or high skill cap, difficulty as in artificial) level that physically requires you to minmax the hell out of your stats to be remotely viable against the very common scenario that is 3+enemies attacking your lone character at once, then this is a game for you.The Devs had a chance to make a landmark CRPG and add another foundation block in the rebuilding of the genre into something modern. The lore and writing is on point, but they decided to snub casuals(read: people who don't like reloading ten times per battle) with really high dialogue skill checks and no middle ground in character creation. Your characters are either autistic savants that are good at three things and completely incapable or worse at everything else, or you're not going to be able to make it very far into the game. Throw in extremely nuanced, vestigial skills like Trading(should be either or a combination of Persuasion/Charisma modifiers), Etiquette/Streetwise(Not useful enough to represent individual skills, and Streetwise is just Street Etiquette), and Impersonate(I can think of two ways to represent disguise more naturally than it's own vestigial skill and I've only put a half minute of thought into it), middle of the road everyman characters with one or two interests or specialties are simply not a possibility.TL;DR: This game is a faithful throwback to the 'golden age' of CRPGs with an alluring atmosphere and competent writing, but it's gameplay is not an improvement over titles around two decades old. Age of Decadence suffers from the same playability/skillbloat issues as the classic games that it emulates, which is exaclty what a few but not most people are looking for, and exactly why the genre died."
,Not Recommended,230070,30908471,Posted: 2 April,all,spajdr,"Jesus christ, whatever quality game have, i could not take the graphic that game have, it looks like game from year 2000 :-) (which is partially true, because i read it was in development for 10+ years? ) And most importantly, its too difficult to master (i'm getting too old i guess?)"
76561198097963393,Not Recommended,230070,18443520,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,chance.williams77,"This isn't a bad game, and I've enjoyed many aspects of it, but the whole seems to be less than the sum of its parts. There is a difference between ""challenging"" and ""frustrating,"" and far too often I find myself frustrated rather than challenged."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,230070,28667791,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"Just too difficult.Would not recommend it unless you find some bugs/exploits to exploit upon. Otherwise you will be looking at several hundred reloads, and pointless effort that result in little to no fun.Where is the fun when the game is unachievable?Camera is also poorly implemented."
76561198068931982,Recommended,230070,12463547,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,doodlybomb,
,Not Recommended,230070,18478472,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Hollowsong,"Started development in 2006. Plays like it was made in 2006.Linear dialog leaves little room for success unless you min/max the right skills.Started as a lockpicking thief, every door was locked, no options to open. Dex was highest stat... every dex attempt failed. Rolls aren't random, so there's no chance for luck just pre-determined scripts. There's really nothing to interact with in the environment. Had a few kinda-creative NPC encounters, but it's more like a choose-your-own-adventure than an RPG. Instead of being rewarded for what you build, you're penalized for what you don't.Ultimately, not worth 26.99... or even 6.99... or even free. I have too many other games I could be spending time on that are much more fun and engaging."
76561197977277952,Not Recommended,230070,30307501,Posted: 3 March,all,[DDT]Roland,"I am sure 20-year old me would have loved it.  Just not my cup of tea these days, too depressing."
76561198042873465,Not Recommended,230070,31729475,Posted: 13 May,all,Boo,"It's a confusing game.But If you don't mind the mess, you may like it."
,Recommended,230070,8357692,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nina Gray,its a ok game of alpha comba seems a bit clunky and could use a bit more work
,Not Recommended,230070,18588298,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,roachymel,"This game has the potential to be pretty cool, but unfortunately it's just not.  Ignore a lot of the fanboy reviews -- there are a lot -- and pay attention to common complaints in other reviews.  Basically, this game is very short.  You will spend the majority of your time metagaming and savescumming.  The loading screen is kinda cool looking, so it has that going for it.  Combat is simplistic and often boils down to trying to get 5 or 6 heads or tails coin tosses in a row.  If you don't, you need to reload.Characters are standard archetypes.  Don't bother trying to roleplay anything more than standard classes.  The developers should've probably just made Talker, Fighter, and Thief buttons during character creation and not bother with allowing players to allocate stats, since there's really only the illusion of choice.I was hesitant to get this game because of the negative reviews calling it little more than a choose your own adventure book (Talker), a silly RNG-fest (Fighter), or both (Thief).  You can try to make your own guy, but it just means you'll have to savescum more combats or metagame more skill checks and still risk getting essentially stuck.The developers and many of the fanboys will keep repeating 'this game is not for everyone'.  No, it's not.  No games are.  Unfortunately, that's not enough to excuse things like incredibly simplistic combat, a role-playing game that relies on metagaming (ferreal...) or a game that has none of what makes many CRPGs so fun -- exploration, story, character development, and engaging writing and lore to name a few.It had some potential, but there's way better stuff out there to bother with this.  For an RPG released in 2015 it feels more dated than stuff I got on PC Gamer demo disks over 20 years ago."
76561197998654958,Not Recommended,230070,25988688,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Faith,"Disappointing graphics, user interface, controls and combat. The story seems fine, but I think you'd have to be a fan of oldfasioned games in the genre to like it. It being hard and you're having to act a bit sensibily is definate pluses, but the controls would need an overhaul for me to play it again."
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,230070,18495273,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,stevegit,"If you like playing a game that seems pointless here it is.  The game has no difficulty setting, and is setup so that your a complete weakling.  I get the ""Realism""  but you can't even rest or heal, fights are near impossible even if you maximize your combat.  While real in some ways, it is a far cry from real as you can't rest between battles in a town, and every job seems to be fight, fail, or die.Not sure if the game actually gets going, but I got far enough to meet the bandits, and the guard guy actually thinks you would be stupid enough to fight 5 guys when 2 are nearly impossible.This is a lesson in patients, load, die, load, die, load die, load maybe, nope load again.You can't use tactics, or logic, run from everything.  Not fun trying to find a power character to hopefully succeed."
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,230070,18539166,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pink Horror,"Buggy, terrible intro, feels unfinished... I don't want to put more effort into this review than they put into testing this game"
76561198140458643,Not Recommended,230070,17815041,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,GreyInvasion,"Just picked up the game played about an hour. In that hour experienced multiple crashes, when transitioning to combat or a new area. The game was not what i expected truthfully.One of the eight ‘vignette’ stories(drifter) starts out with your journey begining in some random town and there is a fight outside your inn room. Thats it.... you end up finding a treasure map on a dead inn keeper. From there you take that map to an antique collector who offers you some kind of amulet that is supossed to glow when you get close to the treasure. Terrible story but the writing isnt bad, in a tale about people who destroyed the world and no ancient evil i didnt expect a glowing amulet that seems akin to magic. Story woes aside you start in a small town that you can explore. I hope more effort was put towards the other 'vignette' stories.On a side note i found out from the developer i was conned by the amulet dealer so i should have stuck with my gut and thought something was off with a magical amulet. Honestly thats a pretty cool feature i guess but not enough to keep me playing however.The graphics and art design arent great but in this kind of game, gameplay and combat are more important. I just wanted to mention graphics quality is not on par with the likes of Pillars of Eternity or even Shadowrun. Obviously the budget of these titles is very different but i would like to draw attention to the prices. Shadowrun Hong Kong (19.99). Pillars of Eternity (44.99). Age of Decadence (29.99). Now isnt price and total gameplay (in terms of hours of course) the most important thing to consider? $10.00 more than shadowrun and $15.00 less than Pillars of Eternity is exspensive for an indie game with a shoestring budget compared to the former multi-million dollar games.The starting town feels empty. You cant talk to anyone but merchants and some quest givers/ quest completers. When you wish to travel to a new area you pull up your map and click on it, fast travel ensues. The game immediately made me think of a visual novel, which isnt a knock by itself as i have played and enjoyed quite a few visual novels. However this game has a steep pricetag for what it offers.Combat is turn based and in the few battles i was able to particpate in without crashing, tactics were to get up close to the enemy and swing until one of you is dead. Your character has the ability to select different attacks depending on the weapon he is weilding. For example an overhead strike with a broadsword. The different attacks do different levels of damage, consume different levels of AP, or have different chance to hit. There is also the ability to aim at places like your opponents legs to cripple mobility, or do some sort of whirlwind strike that hits multiple opponents. Other tidbits of action like sneaking and stealing are all calculated based on your skills. For example in one quest you can sneak into a ruin, to do so its all skill based you click sneak in the conversation window and sneak past the immediate guards. Than you click sneak again to get into the tunnel, if your sneak skill is high enough again you succeed. Gameplay really seems lackluster as i anticipate random skill checks for almost everything you want to do in this game.Character creation is pretty bland there are a few options to make your character look different maybe 5 hairstlyes and a  few hair colors and skin colors. Other than that there is a list of skills and attributes which arent sufficiently explained to a new player. There is your average attribute system and a list of combat skills and non combat skills. Investing in combat attributes unlocks combat skill points that you can distribute and so on. The character skill system seemed very deep to me on the surface but because of other parts of the game i was not able to delve into it and enjoy it.All in all i have played and enjoyed many cRPGs but i cant recommend this one. Many crashes, terrible combat and gameplay, not very good story and the graphics are very indie scene as well, though i would excuse the graphics if the game had anything else fun about it.I would also just like to note that while some fans of the game believe that in order for me to write a negative review i must slog through 5-10 more hours of boring gameplay that is not reasonable. In the first hour of gameplay after experiencing multiple crashes and encountering other issues i switched to a game i actually enjoyed again."
76561198018758693,Not Recommended,230070,13943190,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,aapbauer,Well lets see I died at least 8 times before I got the idea I am supposed to be a coward.  The first quest I got lucky on the fourth or fifth time and killed him. Guarding the merchant got killed every time. Trying to check out the mining camp got me ganked four or five times before I gave up on that bs. The bandit camp 6 or 7 times. Went back and told the dude that they wanted a ransom and he asked if I could handle it....... well duh said no and he sent his own men and they got beat on and then he blamed me for the troops dying after I told him what was in the camp. Pretty much gave up after that. Don't mind hard but seriously this was useless as teats on a boar hog.
76561198048916786,Not Recommended,230070,30366224,Posted: 6 March,all,A Cat,"Not good, stay away"
76561198003686752,Not Recommended,230070,15715765,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LzDK14,"Fun at first, but gets boring very fast.All mighty random rules battles, lame character development system, list goes on and on and on."
76561198030911888,Not Recommended,230070,18032492,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,tommothebeckett,definatly far from finished and an odd style of play but absolutly has potential. will be keeping and eye on it and re-review it at a later date
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,230070,17179747,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,leonidas480bc,Played for a while but quickly got tired of dieing all the time very very hard to master this game.
,Not Recommended,230070,35295344,Posted: 29 September,all,OGAAT,"Age of Decadence touts itself as a different kind of RPG.  Whereas standard RPG's are all about gearing up and killing things this game is more about knowing when to run and reading... lots of reading.  Playing it is quite boring in my opinion. There is no real manual... it is extremely difficult and has a steep learning curve. I cant really recommend this game for people that want a little more action.  I didnt play it for long but there was nothing that hooked me at all.The premise is good though... but the execution is poor with dated graphics, restrictive gameplay and too much reading.  It may appeal to others but it just wasnt my cup of tea."
76561197980813825,Not Recommended,230070,28198619,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,jvschlesinger123,"Save the hours of your life, (Horrible....., just horrible), Bty after I wrote my review the game stopped working...?"
76561198079075024,Not Recommended,230070,34994666,Posted: 16 September,all,c_lavalle,"I really wanted to like this game but too many times I asked myself didn't they (the developers) play their own game?I was hoping for Neverwinter Nights or Buldur's Gate.The profession stories were good but short.  The end story was incoherent going in directions I didn't go.  The combat system awful, yes hard but bums were kicking my butt."
76561198004299996,Not Recommended,230070,18678321,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,wade8343323,game completely sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197964563289,Not Recommended,230070,25658194,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,shEEp,All I can say is RNG. Bad game.
76561198021450143,Not Recommended,230070,9434600,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,jerry.fleetwood00,"ok, so I got this game cause it wasn't to expensive and looked a bit interesting. I gotta say, I'm disapointed. No ""playable"" game should be this hard right off the bat, at least not without difficulty settings. I read a note from one of the developers that made me think they must be totally out of touch with how 90% of people play games. They said that the best way to play this game was to play till you get to a fight, and if you can't win regardless of tactic, simply start a new game. Really? No one should ever expect to make a decent amount of money if they make a game that can't be played all the way through without starting over. That is just crappy developement and a total failure to sympathize with the gamer.Starting from the first location in the game, as is standard, there are quests and things in this location. So you find a few, and quickly discover that there are several you simply can't complete without advancing your stats, some to LEVEL 4 or 5 for that one stat, at 10 points a level. And you only earn about 2 points per body, sometimes not even that. You VERY quickly run out of people to kill, so as far as I can tell, it's not possible to raise all the stats you need, to the level required, in order to complete all the quests you get in the first area. This, in my opinion, is just stupid sauce. Who makes games that require you to leave side quests unfinished?And who makes a game where, once combat starts, you have ZERO methods of gaining back any lost HP, until all combat is over? I think there might be some potions that you can make later on in the game that will do this, but with the standard healing salve either 11 AP isn't enough to use it, or the game simply won't let you use it in combat. Again, stupid sauce.I've played this for 2 or 3 days, logged several hours, completed every ""side quest"" possible in the first location. By ""possible"" I mean the side quests you could complete with the stat points you earn by finding every single hostile person in the town and killing them. I found the gang in shanty town, I found the merchant that leads you to an ambush, etc. At 40 HP with 11 AP the outpost is certain death even after you poison them with the poison you get from the assasins guild (better than rat poison). You can't bluff your way in without rasing 3 different stats to level 4, so that's a no go, no way to earn that many points. I didn't try the bandit camp yet but that's next. I thought I might get more points if I ask for more assassin contracts but the 3rd one advances the game so you are no longer in the first location when it's done, so any side quests that involve buildings in that town are gone, unless you can somehow go back later and the guard won't be hostile to you.No game should have it's own ""for dummies"" guide before it's even released, the fact that someone felt the need for one should be a big clue as to the games apeal.So, I gotta say, like I said at the beginning, I am dissapointed. This game needs MAJOR ""playability"" improvements before it's ready for prime time. From what I'm reading in the developers comments and their game philosophy, I predict that this game is going to be a massive failure. As it exists right now, it should fail."
76561198058976899,Recommended,230070,8663983,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,badbooner2012,"The game is good. However, the length of the game play is currently not worth the $25. After playing the game for ~2 hours, you come to the end of the game...The contents present in the early release sets up very a promising full version game. Hopefully the full release will have more contents to explore.The question is just when will the full release be available? I can already imagine myself playing this game for countless hours, trying to explore every inch of the game."
76561198030926305,Not Recommended,230070,22068947,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bossonova911,"waste of money, steer clear"
76561198003189450,Not Recommended,230070,7809405,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Kruicen,"For the price of this game it was simply not worth it to me. I do enjoy several features of the game such as choice makeing a diff in the outcome of the way you play the game or the game plays you in such a fashion one could say. I think the dialog is verywell done and in-depth but the graphics are extremely sub par and, the simple fact that the camera when in free motion does not follow the character draws away from the experience of the game. Another thing that really botherd me was the board/map, they should have made the game a large ""expansive"" open world wich they clearly would have no problem doing with the amount of pollys displayed ^^. On that note it just seems to me as if they were lazy and did not feel like adding that depth to the game. Aswell I would be criminal if I did not mention the frequent crashes I exp on my journey and, Yes most regretable when there is no auto save. So 2/5 for me I would not reccomend you try this game untill the price comes down and they iron out the bugs."
,Not Recommended,230070,28852478,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Weltall,I did not enjoy this game.
76561198039553952,Not Recommended,230070,30361461,Posted: 6 March,all,Rampage,not very fun to play
,Not Recommended,230070,25996208,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ShyLion,500 рублей в помойку
76561198002625552,Not Recommended,230070,30294964,Posted: 3 March,all,Sepuku_LV,This is nothing like Fallout 1 or Fallout 2 or other oldschool RPGs.This is point and click adventure with some RPG elements.  Absolute rubbish!
76561198031408225,Not Recommended,230070,32665957,Posted: 22 June,all,hjcmo,"This game blows.  There is no exploring, just clicking from map to map."
76561198058172433,Not Recommended,230070,7908120,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,bnder123,"I hate to give a negative review to a small and upcoming company but this game is just not fun. At first when i saw the sub-par graphics I had hoped that it might be a throw back to the games of yesteryear that I used to love so much....like Bards Tale, Arena, Daggerfall...but this just did not remotely live up to those memories. Clunky interface, boring story progression, you don't even get to move your character, you select from a menu what your next action is (enter a door, search a body, etc..) and the scene goes to a new screenshot. Don't be fooled by the screenshots. The pretty ones are not gameplay shots. The only positive note about this game was the synopsis."
76561198009088541,Not Recommended,230070,8055729,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sonyex,"Terrible graphics, weak story line, unecessarily difficult. Do not buy, you were warned.Edit: Low budget games shouldn't be charging 25$ for an alpha."
76561197986181859,Recommended,230070,7770089,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,CTulipano,"Just black screens on startup, cant even task manager out of it.*Anti-virus was the problem, once I turned it off game fired right up..."
,Not Recommended,230070,10214041,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Karissa,"Fine, I'm a few minutes shy of a solid half hour of playing but I really DO NOT like this game at all right now. Weird controls, too much reading, idk. I love reading but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll try again tomorrow but I am so far not impressed. :|"
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,230070,30300548,Posted: 3 March,all,dadasx,game refunded by me
,Not Recommended,230070,26450187,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,I bought this because of the many good reviews. I uninstalled after 1 minute.
76561198092431729,Recommended,230070,18470843,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,MORROGANDER,Story is great.....
76561198024521802,Recommended,230070,9175018,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,jbtup3,Didn't initially realize it was early access...The game is absolutely awesome now!!!! 5 Stars
76561198052302417,Recommended,230070,26172009,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,logosintegralis,"Fantastic old-school CRPG with a detailed backstory and lore, dynamic world that responds to player choice in a meaningful way, highly nonlinear and branching paths, and challenging combat.  There's immense replay value, I've done at least 4 20+ hour playthroughs.  If any of those things sound interesting to you, check this out.  It's definitley one of, if not the, strongest indie title I've played in years."
76561198023562299,Recommended,230070,13338870,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,JohnSten,"Changed my mind about this game, it is in fact very good."
76561197975744062,Recommended,230070,8074456,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,stuguy909,"Recommended this game during early access, with a slim margin simply because the story is so unique, and the character choices and consequences are so...final.  I loved it then, and I love it now that the game is more or less complete.  So what is this game?It is an RPG, you pick a character class and you setup stats that cater to that class.  Believe, me, you want to have a purpose, jack of all trades will get you killed, or stuck.  You are rewarded for following your role, and punished brutally for doing something you are not capable of, usually fighting large groups of enemies.  The stats, crafting, armors, weapons, are pretty standard for an RPG, but a good standard.  I felt the items and everything were adequite for what the game is.Combat isn't too hard, tactically / learning wise, more or less click and go turn based.  However, combat is challenging in the sense that you are human, vulnerable to being a terrible fighter, and easily outnumbered by equal or greater humans.   Pick a merchant and try to save some sucker being mugged in an alley?  You will find yourself also getting mugged.  You really need to pick your battles wisely, or bring lots of nets, poisons, and / or allies.  Even the stealth / assasin options are fun.  There is a lot of choice to be had, and a unique story for each character class.Multiple endings, and I mean, way different.  Without spoiling the game, you can finish the game from different locations, free / killing / accidentally doing something or someone, and siding with different factions, even promoting different leaders within said factions...or yourself.  Hell, you can even back certain...non faction entitites, I will just leave it at that.  Or just get killed in a fight you shouldn't have started.This is one of the most unique RPG's I have ever played.  The story is just brilliant, set in what appears to be a post apocalyptic roman feudal society that lives in the shadows of former human technological advancement.  It runs fairly stable, I beat the game 4 times in various fashion and haven't crashed once.  The game support is just about done, however, so don't expect patches if you do have problems.  I haven't really noticed anything really worth harping on, negatively, so that's positive as far as developer no longer supporting a product.  The game is also somewhat short, or could be short.  You don't have to fight your way to glory.  Most any character can beat the game by fighting a few battles and ensuring you specialize your combat skills and maintain a good inventory.  This assumes you aren't picking fights or making bad choices.PROS:-Great story / atmosphere-Branching quests-multiple endings-replayability, this game has more replayability than Dragon Age: Origins had in chapter 1.  The entire game has consequences and differs based on class, stats, choices, and alliegiences-challenging, choices really have a feeling of finality-combat and stat system i felt was a good fit for this titleCONS:-game length is a little lacking-you don't manage a party or have ""followers"".  Not a big deal, but you can't even hire gaurds to help you complete quests that may involve more challenging battles, yet everyone else in the game has hordes of gaurds / goons / thugs.  Just be used to being a lonewolf-you are not a super hero.  You are a zero.  Though some may consider this a perk, as I do."
,Recommended,230070,31979060,Posted: 26 May,all,Mead Champion,AoD is a top tier RPG.
