user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230190,19513418,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SFE,"Pro - Its Dungeon Keeper all over again!Con - Its Dungeon Keeper all over again...Now, don't get me wrong, I love the original Dungeon Keepers. Love the humour, the creatures and minions. And when I learned about this game, I was thrilled! A new dungeon keeper?! Awesome! And when I first started playing, I was happy as the nostalgia washed over me...The thing is, this isn't 'Dungeon Keeper 3.0'. Its not even 'Dungeon Keeper 2.5'. Its 'What if we remade Dungeon Keeper 2 with new graphics and new names/creatures so we don't get sued'.This, in itself, IS NOT A BAD THING. But if you played DK2 to death, as i did, then you will notice that it tries to be more of the same, and it doesn't always succeed.I do heartily recommend this game, as it was fun whilst it kept my attention (almost 9 hours). But it did only feel like I was only adding to the hundreds of hours I'd already put into DK1 + 2 - and as such, It was just more of the same for me. At the end of the day, it replicates the originals so well/much, that I may as well be playing the originals - something I haven't had the urge to do in 15 years. Yes, there are new mechanics added, but its like saying that adding a 'go faster stripe' to a car changes the car; It doesn't.Conclusion- If you've never played the originals, and think you might enjoy this, give it a go.- If you tried playing the originals, enjoyed it but the outdated graphics ruined it for ya, give this a go.- If you played the originals when they came out, loved them, and want more, give this a go.- If, however, you played the originals and want something MORE than an almost 20 year old game with a fresh lick of paint (however awesome it was) - might wanna give this a miss."
,Recommended,230190,16298464,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,iToaster,"TL;DR - One of your minions wants to get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride.10/10 would not get on.I could not recommend this game in its' previous release state. However, now I actually can. After its' 1.1 patch, the majority of what this game was missing in its release verison has finally been added.War for the Overworld, as a game, is...dungeon keeper 3. There really isn't another way to describe it. If Peter Molyneaux and the Bullfrog team were still around today, I feel the game we would have gotten would not be too far off from this. Are there flaws in this game? Obviously. Every game has flaws. But as far as managing to capture the feel of dungeon keeper and make an all-round fun game, this kickstarter title succeeds where higher-budget games such as the Dungeons series failed. With EA making no attempt to actually capitalize on a once great series, and in fact ruining it for a new generation by slamming a free to play business model that shames the series GREATLY (even paying off reviewers EA style couldn't keep dungeon keeper mobile's critic rating up high enough to appear worthwhile), it's nice to see we still have fans of the old game out there who want to see it made new.Am I rambling a lot on what Dungeon Keeper was? Yep. For those of you unfamiliar with what I'm talking about, this is a game where you manage a...well, dungeon, from the perspective of an evil overlord. Throughout the campaign, rather than being the hero who explores and brings death to dungeons, you build the dungeon and fight back against the good. You can accomplish this through the use of powerful minions as well as various traps and such that your enemy won't (hopefully) see coming, and of course a little bit of god power for good measure (*zap*). You have minimal control over your minions, so this isn't exactly an RTS and it sure as all hell is NOT an actions per minute game - in fact, trying to go all MLG clicky-clicky on this game would likely just hinder you more than anything else. Your control consists of picking minions or imps up and throwing them where you want them to be and...well, hoping they do what you want. You can lay down rally flags to get everyone's attention to a specific spot, but if you try to keep them out for too long you'll end up with a bunch of unhappy minions telling the flag to♥♥♥♥♥♥off and going to bed. You also have to keep them regularly paid with gold, which handily is also the resource you use for literally everything else. Fail in this aspect, and minions will just pack up shop and leave to go elsewhere.Map design is what made Dungeon Keeper and, as a result, War for the Overworld, extremely unique. There is not a lot of map when you actually get in - it's just a bunch of dirt, some impenetrable rocks, water, lava, maybe a chasm, and gold in the dirt. Oh, and your central dungeon core. Don't lose that...seriously. You have to dig out your own map, tile by tile, and lay down rooms in areas to correspond with what you want and your minions' needs - a lair to sleep, a slaughterpen to eat, a tavern to provide money for you and make people happy, a barracks to train, etc...and of course the arena where you can have minions fight to the death for no reason outside of entertainment. It appears to entertain the other minions to watch their brethren get slaughtered too...and of course, the other benefit to building your own map is deciding when and where to dig to place down traps and such, and if you happen to sight enemy traps...you can dig around them.By now you may think this is a twisted, evil game where everything is gruesome and terrible. And you'd be right and wrong. While you do play as evil, this is a very lighthearted game as the original dungeon keeper games were. Featuring awesome voice narration from the original DK's narrator, you'll find yourself often having a lot of fun just from hearing some of the things minions have to say, or the random (but amusing) pop culture references made by the narrator.And when you're done with the campaign, you'll find it is still very fun to play in skirmish or multiplayer modes. In these modes, you and up to 3 other AI or players will duke it out, each building their own dungeons and attacking one another for no reason other than ♥♥♥♥ you, my ground. Unlike the original dungeon keeper, War for the Overworld actually does a decent job of working properly in skirmish and multiplayer. While it was possible in Dungeon Keeper 2 to do the same, the game just didn't quite feel the same as it was very campaign-oriented. WFTO implements some new systems that help the game to work properly in either situation. There is also sandbox mode where you just build in a big, empty map free of gold or mana issues, and survival mode which is...honestly still being worked on and I have very little experience in it, but it's self explanatory.Overall, this game is easily worth your $30. Hell, go the extra $10 and get the $40 version just for the soundtrack if nothing else - the soundtrack is pure evil and outstanding and it fits PERFECTLY with a game of this theme. This kickstarted game more than deserves your money (after a rocky launch).GET DIS GAME"
76561197982815087,Recommended,230190,7917907,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,OJ Simpson,"When the game first came to steam back in may 2013, there were only 3 different rooms to build, the ui buttons didn't work, mouse-wheel scrolling was broken, the ai was terrible, and there were no sound effects.As of early December, there are 8 rooms, the ui is fixed, scrolling feels normal, the ai is better, and the sound effects are great. -Not to mention they went back and remodeled a character because of negitive fan feedback. It's good to see this game taking shape.As for the gameplay? Well, Peter Molyneux declared it the spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise, so there's that. It's a basic sandbox dungeon stratagy game that requires you to build an underground lair, collect resources, train minions, and defeat your enemy. Along the way you can build traps and defenses for your dungeon, cast various spells, and spend xp on 3 different skill trees.EA killed Bullfrog 12 years ago, so go spend $20 and pick up a copy you cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198030746271,Recommended,230190,15197249,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Tegga21,"Game itself is VERY fun.  Dungeon Keeper 2.0(less of a dark theme though, voice overs are good but a bit goofball humor)Initially there were alot of bugs/glitches but the developers have been releasing patches EVERY 2-3 hours, amazing, 7-8 patches so far+++++++++++++ support these guys, bug fixing at midnight on a saturday and releasing a patch.  This is how game companies should behave (SUPPORT YOUR PRODUCTS!!!!!)"
,Not Recommended,230190,15177509,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Catharsis,"-EDIT- This review was made when the game was freshly released, and from what I've gathered it seems that a lot of the issues I wrote about has been fixed. For now, just disregard this review, I will probably go back and try the game again in the near future when I find the time.Wait, for the love of god, wait with picking this game up.I have had my eyes on this game for a long time, since I loved the original DK games, and this one seems like it was going to stay true to the formula. I did, however, want to wait until it was finished, as to not get my view on it damaged by playing an unfinished product. I was glad when I saw it on the recently released list, because I had been waiting for it for a while.However, this game is very clearly not finished. There are placeholder texts everywhere, there's missing animations, and the UI feels clunky, sluggish, and at times unresponsive.The foundations for a good game are clearly here, but it should not have been pushed out of the door this early. It's very much still an Early Access game.So please, if you want to have a good experience with this game, wait until the game is actually, properly, finished. I cannot recommend it in its current state."
,Recommended,230190,23239062,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kunovega,"Let me say this game sort of defines why steam needs a neutral button and not just thumbs up/down.On the one hand I do love the game; but on the other I am massively aware that the bulk of my love comes from the nostalgia trip of how much I loved Dungeon Keeper (and DK2).If it were not for Dungeon Keeper I'm not sure I could like this game half as much as I do. I am keenly aware that this game was made by fans of Dungeon Keeper; and for what it is there is an amazing wealth of throwback to the game it is trying to emulate.Unfortunately it also suffers from everything you would expect from what is essentially a ""mod team"" that is trying to convert itself to an actual development studio. The amateur mistakes show through with poor game balance and narrow strategic layers that never reach the level of variety as the original DK's pulled off. The costs of spells, the speed of unit deployment, the limited number of strategies that the enemy AI is able to cope with; the list of cons is fairly long.Basically what the game ends up being is a very polished shell with Dungeon Keeper logos painted all over it but inside is just empty and hollow.To their credit this team also continues to expand on the game, and I'll admit there has been improvement over time. But the reality is that it's a very long time coming. For a released game we're still seeing things added that should have been in from day one (and that was years ago...).In summary this game is a labor of love from a devoted team trying to recreate Dungeon Keeper and if you are a fan of that old series and can afford to throw money in their direction. Do it. This may in the end be the only close successor the gaming world will see (at least in this decade). Just be aware that the game is heavily flawed and I'm not sure the dev team has the experience needed to ever make it as-good-as Dungeon Keeper really was, so we (as a community) must either foster them in the hopes they improve or just play it for what it is and cry over what's missing.On a side note if you have not played the originals; find them. Get Dungeon Keeper and Dungeon Keeper 2; they are available on GOG, and worth the effort. Despite the slightly aging graphics they are still fantastic games. Then come play War for the Overworld with us and pray it continues to reach for the glory of what Dungeon Keeper once was.As-is I'll continue to play War for the Overworld occasionally and hope the team behind it continues to learn and improve on it (which they have done for many years now, impressively for a team with no official training or past game development experience)"
76561197970966763,Recommended,230190,30620414,Posted: 19 March,all,necro55,"I give this a solid 4/5 stars.I have played DK1/2 a LOT, including Deeper Dungeons.  All three have some things going for them, in DK1 I prefered that you could have monsters that didnt get along, hence the ""Your monsters are fighting amongst themselves"" whic also was a bit more strategic when i came to what ou turned in the torture chamber.2 made some nice improvements with traps, and not havign the game be quite so tempermental, excluding Bile Demons, overall a positive experience, with the exception of the broken cant bust traps when posessing anymore bug.This is basically DK3, negatives, ALL your monsters, or converted heros always get along, also there are a few creatures I really miss, but that happens in all strategy games that get a sequel.  Granted I will take the WftO Chunder over the DK1/2 Bile Demon anyday, on the other side of that coin, I will take my Dark Mistress over the Succubus. WftO did a bunch of small QOL changes that were nice but minor, I thought the strategy was overall pretty good, honestly the last mission where you go after Lucius was depressingly easy.All the talk about the game is too fast pased, I can only recall 1 mission where ti was a big deal, and it was pretty early on, where you get three waves of monsters who spawn and head to an exit smashing everything in their path, that took a few replays, before I learned, do it all with traps.  I think one of the reviews below talking about being surrounded by 3 was about the second to last imssion, it was rough at first but within about 20 minutes I figured out what I neded to do.  For DK fans who had problems with the speedier missions in WftO, I have to wonder how they beat DK2 Ambush (the sprint at 20 minutes by Lord Voss), or Smashing (Defeat Keeper Asodeus before you and he gets charged by the 2 elven groups mid field).  Ambush was blitz the map, and Smashing was a FPS posession charge.  Frankly the DK2 midgame mission ""Carnage"" or ""Interception"" was vastly harder than WtfO ""I'm surrounded"" mission.What I like:-Nostalgia-It is obviously DK3 with different names-HUMOR.... this game has the same humor as before.....infact on thelast mission I was pushing my guiys HARD through the end, and the assistant said ""UNDERLORD!  This is NOT a FAMINE simulator, feed your minions!"" I busted up.-Gameplay is good (has a couple bugs but nothing game breaking)-Story line was fun, and give a nice big middle finger to EA for cancelling DK3 when they bought Bullfrog in the very beginning.-Dev's are sticking with it and trying to keep new content coming.-Most missions let me build and have some fun, not just zerg stuff down and move to the next one.-Not saying it is the best straegy game ever, but it is just FUN!  Strategic enough, lets me build and be a schmuck like I like to in these games.-Enough differences to Rooms, traps, and monsters to allow some VERY different playstyles.What I didn't like:-Optomization waas not good, there are odd performance bugs everywhere that just shouldn't be.  Not game breaking, but not pleasant.-Interface could use some help, there are times you cannot click on a minion to save your life, you just end up instruction your workers to dig the area out around him, these problems are NOT shared with other RTS's I play.-Campaign was WAY too short.-On longer maps, it seems like minions forget how to take care of their basic needs, workers who went into the Foundry rage about hunger or sleep depravation but FINALLY leave and go to the Tavern or wander aimlessly in the dungeon not resolving what they were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about, at times it reminds me f strategy games in the 90s, when you had a not so reat system, you could see the AI get dumber as you went if your CPU load was maxed.  It kinda feels like that, which it should not here with a i7 Hex Core, and the game on an SSD.Other Thoughts:-This is **NOT** the traditional RTS, it just isn't, and that can be good or bad.  If you want something that has some RTS, some management, some god-sim in it, this is awesome.  If you are looking for your next CnC type game, or if you are a TS guy and you are looking for your next GalCiv or XCOM this is not the game for you.-WftO is a mush of a lot of strat and godsim games in one, with a solid dose of dark humor.-Overall happy with the purchase, beat main game, will play more, look forward to a MAJOR DLC, or WftO2."
,Recommended,230190,10307460,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TrikkyMakk,I just want to say that this game is how early access games should be done. The developers of this game have been open and honest the entire time. They have without fail posted every single Wednesday about their progress and what they are working on. The itself is constantly getting better but more important to me is how the developers have handled the ups and downs of this game. I can't wait for the finished product! Everything is and has been done the right way. If you liked the orignal DK this is the answer to your prayers.
,Not Recommended,230190,28360111,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"The short version is that War for the Overworld was a disappointment, sadly not quite worth the price. The longer version follows below.Now, at first glance, WftO seems like a pretty good successor to Dungeon Keeper. You've got basically the same control scheme, many of the same aesthetics(but not quite, that's actually one of the issues), even some creatures that are blatant expatriates from the former(in function and fluff, if not appearance), and after the first couple of tutorial levels, you feel pretty confident that THIS is finally it. Now you're finally getting a new Dungeon Keeper! The narrator even has some of the same cadence as the old one!Then you get to playing and... it just doesn't work, for multiple reasons.From a level design perspective. Does anyone remember those gem veins in the original DK games? They were a wonder on the rare occasions they showed up, because they meant you had the time and funds to build an ideal dungeon for once, set up all the traps and minions and rooms you wanted! Usually you were limited by time or space, sure, but it was a nice break from the norm. Contrasting with that, practically every level in WftO has a ""gold shrine""(essentially the same thing), meaning that economic woes are just... non-existent. Maybe for the first two minutes until you find the level's shrine(or several shrines), you have to juggle things a bit, or decide what to build first. But after that? Build away, the economy no longer matters. It's a shame.AI-wise, there are also issues. Minions are often too stupid to path to food, the treasury or even their own lairs. Put a rally flag on the far side of a door? Many of the minions will just walk into the door rather than attacking it to break through, requiring some annoying micromanagement.Performance? I don't understand how a game with graphics this relatively simple can start chugging because there are about fifty units on screen. Now, maybe the graphics are more advanced than I realize, but when 100+ unit battles are the norm for some of the later levels... why didn't they optimize it a bit better? I know it's not an issue of my PC being low-spec.Graphics... see, I don't mind any of the new designs. But they're more muted colours, generally smaller shapes, and harder to make out on the battlefield, meaning that if you want to target something specific in the huge scrums that result later in the game... good luck. You won't be able to. Hell, half the units you won't even be able to tell if they're IN the fight.Strategy... that's another issue. For a couple of reasons, chop during big fights. Slightly poor art design. It's hard to interfere precisely in bigger battles, even though the game gives you about a dozen spells and roughly as many brewable potions to do it with. But the bigger issue is that you basically never have to. You put down a ""rally all"" flag, and either your pre-set traps and your recruited minions are enough... or they're not. Usually, though, they will be, especially the traps. Once you've got gargoyles to back up your traps and a good choke points, no enemies will EVER get past them.I'm conflicted about WftO, a lot of the parts are there, but all of them just feel like they need some degree of tweaking, so that there's both a CHALLENGE and more meaningful gameplay. I feel like lower unit numbers, bigger resource constraints andsloweraction are required. So that it's easier to interfere, so it requires more thinking before you interfere, and so that you actually have a chance to interfere before it's all over.I also remember how Possession was a spell you were practically REQUIRED to use in the older DK's, at least a couple of bonus levels, and I think one main level, straight-up demanded it for victory, and outside of that, it could just simply be useful. The only time I ever Possessed a minion in WftO was so I could see what its skills actually did, because calling up info from the main overview just gave me skill names, not skill descriptions.And I feel that's pretty much a good description of WftO. It's got all these Dungeon Keeper traits, but it feels like the developers didn't understand WHY DK had those traits. Why did DK have Possession? Because it was a useful spell that was sometimes necessary for solving puzzles. Why does WftO have Possession? Because DK had it! And WftO wants to be DK, so it also has to have it! ...but they forgot the underlying logic that gives Possession a reason to exist in WftO.(As an aside on minion skills, it also feels like WftO minions in general have a lot less skills than DK minions had, and don't learn skills when they level up as much as they just gain more power, so high-level minions matter somewhat less)All in all... I can't really say this is a game I'm going to recommend. If you're looking for more Dungeon Keeper, it's going to be a bit of a disappointment unless you're REALLY jonesing. If you're looking for a solid strategy game, it's going to be a disappointment unless you're REALLY green to the genre and afraid of challenges.Maybe get it on sale, they're gonna open it up to mods, I think, so maybe some of those will make it interesting."
76561198035220105,Recommended,230190,23279729,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tom7i,"This is my first Steam review, so i'll try to make it a good one; it might be a bit longwinded (TL;DR is at the bottom), but i'd like to make it as thorough as possible becouse the game and it's devs deserve as much.First off, my PC specs so you'll know what i play it on:• Windows 7 64 bit• Intel Core i5 4570 @3.20 GHz• AMD Radeon R7 200 Series, 2GB RAM• 8GB RAMMy history with the genreI've played Dungeon Keeper 1 + The deeper dungeons & Dungeon Keeper 2 on multiple occasions & systems over the years.Being a fan of both originals, i was quite sad when EA first purchased the franchise and then made their intentions clear by releasing that mobile DK game... My hopes for the franchises' rebirth were only raised when i found out about a team of independant DK enthusiasts trying to make a true spiritual successor to the original games.I've followed the games' progress through it's kickstarter campaign and it's first appearance on Steam, but i didn't put any money in to it until it's official release.The initial releaseAs i'm sure some will already know, the initial release of WftO was a rocky one; as thedevelopers explained, the game had to be either rushed out with bugs so they got enough funds to polish it later or scrapped altogether, which i'm sure no DK enthusiast would like to see.I decided to purchase the Underlord edition anyway despite of the existing bugs, mostly becouse i had good faith in the devs; i guessed they wouldn't abandon their game after all the trouble they went through to make it in the first place; as it turned out in the following months, my faith was deserved.The current state of the game, as of patch 1.4 & Heart of Gold releaseI've now replayed the basic campaign twice and the Heart of Gold campaign once; by my second replay at patch 1.2 most of the bugs present at launch were fixed; by then also the performance had been improved notably.By purchasing the Underlord edition at the games' release, i got the expansion for free (which is awesome btw); now having the full WftO expirience, here's my personal list of pro's & possible con's (if they bother you, that is).PRO'SImho the closest thing to a spiritual successor to the original Dungeon Keeper series you can find on the gaming market today, including the look & sound of the game (i'll get to the »feel« a bit later)the devs went out of their way to secure Richard Ridings (the original DK narrator) for the narrration of WftO and it definitely payed off – with audio being a large part of what made the DK games so good, just hearing his ramblings again gave me a lovely throwback to the good old daysthe developers started out as a small team of DK enthusiasts with a dream; they've shown their dedication and love for the game throughout it's inception as well as through the rough parts; they didn't abandon it while it was at it's lowest point but worked hard to bring it to it's current good statethe artstyle & graphics are ofcourse more colorful and advanced than in DK, but that doesn't detriment to the games' general atmosphere; if you'll zoom in or even take a look in first person – another welcome throwback from DK – you'll find many nice details around your dungeon.the gameplay is largely – although not exactly – similar to DK; you dig out your dungeon, train your minions and do battle in basicly the same manner as you did in DK 1 & 2; ofcourse the devs also had to try and bring some improvements and »fresh wind« in to the genre, where the games' Sin system and some new map & campaign mechanics come in to play (more on that a bit later)useful gameplay & UI improvements, some of which had to be implemented becouse of certain new map & campaign mechanics; stuff like the gamespeed slider, the Impasse command and the »Peace army« optionintegrated map editor and workshop support – you can make your own dungeon creations, share them and battle over them with other playersPOSSIBLE CON'SMany of the initial complaints were in regard to some of the original campaigns' parts being too »rushy« for a DK successor; indeed there are some missions during which you have to do certain stuff quickly, otherwise the enemy will win. But in the devs' defence, in the meantime most of those maps have been rebalanced and they also included the previously mentioned gamespeed slider, with which you can always slow your game down in case stuff should happen too quickly. Also, due to popular demand, the 4 new missions in the HoG campaign are much more akin to the original DK »explore & expand« playstyle.Becouse of copyrights, WftO isn't an exact DK clone/successor; for instance, you won't find Horny, Bile Demons or the Casino in the game anymore, although all of those have their approximate counterparts in WftO. Some of them understandably behave a bit differently here, which may turn off some DK purists, but if you're willing to overlook certain details or are new to the genre, you should have no problem with the differences.In combination with both points above, the overall gameplay feeling is mostly similar to DK but also distinctly different in certain areas and missions, which may again turn off some DK purists; if you have no problem with having some »fresh wind« in the genre or you haven't played the original Dungeon Keeper, you should be in the green.Although Ridings is the undisputed main star in the voice acting area, there are certain parts of the game, where the voice-acting is a bit underwhelming; the other voice-actors probably did their best to do a proper job, but there's still a chance you'll get the occasional cringe if you're succeptible to such things.There are still some bugs, crashes and performance issues present in the game. As usually, some people expirience one thing and others a different thing based on their PC; playing the HoG campaign (1.4) on the PC i specified in the beginning, i've encountered one notable bug and two crashes, but the vanilla campaign functioned flawlessly for me even back in version 1.2. Based on my expirience from the launch up to now, i'd say that the devs are devoted enough to guarantee most of the current HoG bugs gone in the near future, but you might encounter a problem even so (send a report, they definitely read them)That's about it; if you've made it so far, thanks for reading and i hope i could help you with my review.TL;DR - if you're a fan of the Dungeon Keeper series or you're new to the dungeon sim genre, i can recommend playing War for the Overworld. Although it is somewhat different to the DK series in certain parts, the overal playstyle, sound and look all borrow heavily on it, making it probably the closest thing to a DK3 on the current gaming market. The overall performance was stable on my rig; there are some issues and bugs present, but based on my past expirience the devs work dilligently on fixing them."
,Recommended,230190,7706921,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,NiteGlave,"This game is the only spiritual successor to the original Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 series. Developed by a similar team, it's truly the game we were hoping for, and not just your average reboot of the series. It will only get better and, that is pretty good considering that the game is already pretty dang fun to play.The bedrock Beta is great, But I can't wait to do this with friends in the full version of the game. Single player is amazing, and Multiplayer can only get better!"
,Recommended,230190,15199480,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,paintrain,"the dev are dishing out patch like there's no tomorrow, if they keep on the pace pretty sure all the bugs will be iron out in a day or two. kudos to them, and for those who loves dungeon keeper  there's no question, BUY IT."
,Recommended,230190,16453256,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Woodythehobo,"Patch 1.1 and later saved this game.If you shelved it like me before the recent updates, you should give it another try. Pls.Performance is now great.The game feels more responsive and polished.The AI feels well balanced on a medium setting.Love the new 4 player maps, and cannot wait to see more (hopefully we get even larger ones).Want to see more dungeon skins and ability to change skin in options menu, not the pre game lobby.The UI and menus are now great.Before the update(s):I found myself unable to enjoy any maps, including story mode.I was put off by the overall clunkyness.The menus were terrible and the UI felt horrid.There was just an unpolished late alpha/beta feel.All of that was highly disappointing when spending a small premium (£29.99) for the Underlord Edition (£22.99 is the base price).I had indefinitely shelved the game.THANK YOU to the devs for their massive effort in not ditching this game in its horrendous 1.0 state, and working extremely hard on polish and bugs, it's now excellent.Whilst previously telling friends to stay well away, I now happily recommend it.I can now sit back with a coffee and enjoy zapping and splatting enemy minions who try to reclaim my dungeon.Devs have released several more patches since 1.1."
,Recommended,230190,11516032,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,lovinglife139,"Dungeon Keeper fans: This is the game you've been waiting for.I have been playing Dungeon Keeper 2 regularly since its release in 1999. There was literally nothing else like it. Nothing that blended strategy, simulation, humor, god-like abilities quite like it could. Over the years, I have wished for a game that was at least similar. Something that could tap into that magic a little bit.I heard about War for the Overworld when my heart was breaking over the bullcrap EA pulled with the Dungeon Keeper mobile game (I don't own a cell phone, but if that game had been good, I would have probably bought one just for that, haha). Some dude mentioned it in the comments of an article about EA's latest mistake, and I flew over to Steam to find it (figuratively speaking, of course). I finally tried it today, and I have to say, I am surprisingly shocked as to how well they're pulling it off.This game captures that DK essence. This game is made by people who are as obsessed with the masterpieces that are DK and DK2 as I am. The developers have put their hearts and souls into this game. This much is clear because everything that Dungeon Keeper did right, it's here. Everything you loved is here. Some things that were glitchy about DK2 or just inconvenient are upgraded and/or gone (building prisons while your minions are walking through the area will no longer accidentally imprison them, for one example). Obviously, the game is not DK. Types of minions and rooms have been changed, as is necessary, I suppose. I thought I might find this hard to come to terms with (after all, the Dark Angel from DK2 is one of my favorite video game characters of all time, hence why I have a portrait of one on the wall behind me), but it's really not bad at all. It's even refreshing, in a way. I was actually excited to see new character types to play with and master. The visuals are stunning. There are bits of humor here and there. And either the voice actor they got is doing a ridiculously fantastic job of mimicking the guy from DK2, or he IS the guy from DK2. Either way, props.I very enthusiastically recommend this game, even in early access. Although the campaign is limited to a tutorial mission and one other mission now (plus four others, including a sandbox and a My Pet Dungeon because, well, YES!!!), the game is highly playable, and I can see myself getting at least 20 hours out of the state it is in now, but then again, I am a sucker for just messing around with a game and perfecting it. The average player will probably get 5-10 hours out of this or so in its early access state. But with active developers (just check the forums, if you want), you will be able to purchase an early access with the knowledge that your input does, in fact, count. If you like providing feedback on a game or being one of the first to play an awesome game, buy this. If you want to delve into this and play the whole campaign over the span of a few days, put this in your wishlist, because you'll have to wait a few months for that (early 2015 is the current estimated release date). Either way, you'll want to buy it, sooner or later. ;)"
,Recommended,230190,15220114,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,yoep,"TL;DRI surely recommend this game now after the developers put a ton of work in it since the initial release of War For The Overworld. Most problems during the initial release have been fixed and existing good futures have been enhanced for an even beter experience.Like all other reviews say, if you're looking for a Dungeon Keeper 2 experience, than this might be the game for you.The developers of this game have put a ton of work in it to make the performance better and the overall gameplay, by now I can recommend this game without any problem (even for low-end rigs).Back storyI've backed this game in early access on steam and have enjoyed it during the early access period most of the time. Since the launch I've started playing the game again and had,like a lot of other people, problems with campaign breaking bugs. At a point, it even felt like the release was more buggy and glitched than the early access version what actually made me sad seeing a great concept going getting thrown away.(I've been here before with Castle Story)But one of the main differences was that after a few days I noticed that the devs were putting out daily patches, what made me happy to see them putting effort in fixing it during the weekend. I've never played dungeon keeper (I've seen a lot of game play and play troughs about DK) but I enjoy the game a hell of a lot despite the current bugs.PositiveGreat art styleConcept has been worked out great (Dungeon Keeper style with adding their own twist to it)Challenging campaignLots of variety character and strategy wiseGreat voice acting and dialoguesGameplayThe long awaited Map EditorSteam Community workshop provides you with unlimited maps (comes along with the Map Editor)NegativeBugs and glitches like mentioned beforeMost game/gameplay breaking bugs are fixedUnfinished multiplayer (will be completed later on)Has a nice interface now (I didn't test the multiplayer myself)Missing information about buildings and characters (they get explained in the campaign)They've listened to the community and updated the information bannerI will update this review while the game keeps changingEDIT: Notification about game/gameplay bugs being fixedEDIT2: Version 1.1 update changesEDIT3: Version 1.3 update changes"
76561198021603438,Recommended,230190,32180851,Posted: 4 June,all,xandrolar,"8/10The Nostalgia is strong here.  For anyone who played and enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper franchise there is a lot here to enjoy.Building your dungeon is still fun and engaging, working out what rooms attract what creatures is also fun.The Graphics are sharp and clear, if a little dark in places, the sound is excellent and the controls are easy to learn, wether you've played this type of game before or not.However there are a few downers:The Levels themselves, while fine, often do not allow you to build the dungeon of your dreams due to the restraints of the terrain around you (impenitrable rock) or that you can mine a few squares before you suddenly go into a new area which is really strangely shaped, so, if like me you enjoy creating sprawling dungeons you're out of luck.Also Combat feels lackluster, there is something missing, and often it comes down to sheer numbersd and creature levels to succeed.Finally, there are the creatures themselves.  While some of them are quite interesting and engaging (the Chunder for example) a lot of them seem to be poor imitations of their Dungeon Keeper parents and don't, at least for me, feel as engaging or fun as they should do.Overall it is an excellent attempt at a Dungeon Keeper type of game, let down only marginally by clunky combat and level design."
,Recommended,230190,22796572,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Emblis,"When War for the Overworld was released it was a mess with crashes, stuttering, bugs and performance issues. Over time the game has been patched, updated and stabilized to the point you can play it without any frustration from the technical side.The gameplay itself is, well, a Dungeon Keeper clone. In this management game you are tasked with building a dungeon, attract evil minions and eventually send them to destroy the forces of good. It is a decent game, nothing that will blow you away but it can be very fun at times."
76561197998699457,Recommended,230190,26980243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sectoid,This is the next best thing after Dungeon Keeper. You really feel like you're playing a third installment in the series AND that's pretty much what's needed for a dungeon keeper fan. Good riddance EA.
76561198256597487,Recommended,230190,31470248,Posted: 30 April,all,emilychanps4,"War for the Overworld began as okay modern day Dungeon Keeper clone. After the fiasco with the mobile DK it seemed a lot more amazing than it actually was at the time. As people put in the hours and hours of game play it's flaws and shortcomings began to show and remove a bit of the veneer. It was worth picking up for DK fans and was worth a try for base building fans but not really recommended for anyone else.After a short stint in the spotlight this game should have faded into obscurity but the developers did something odd and rare, they kept developing the game with love and passion and they listened to their fans. Bug fixes, new content, new modes, new mechanics, free and paid expansions, new and expanded lore, graphical improvements, game play tweaks, major quality of life improvements, I could go on and on. Just check out the patch logs. They've been at this for two years and they're STILL going strong.Today with all the dlc War for the Overworld surpasses it's predecessor in every aspect and is easily a modern day masterpiece. There's something for everyone in this game now (even stealth levels and disco music) and this game can be highly recommended to just about everyone without a hatred for strategy. The evil dungeon building throne is now firmly theirs and it is most certainly well deserved. I look forward to the upcoming dlc that will hopefully provide more background information on our favorite Underlords."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,230190,15342708,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Wibble the Obscure,"You know... I WANT to love this game. Like most players i came from the old DK series and jumped on WFTO as soon as it was announced. I stuck with it through Early Access waiting for the final release. Now that it has been released and i have played through the campaign i am left with a 'is that it' feeling.The Campaign levels mostly relied upon rushes, there was none of the patient 'build, probe, attack and assimilate' of the DK series. This was more of a 'build a few rooms, cap out your army then rush'.Some of the levels required it, you could not beat them otherwise. The lack of thought needed to beat the campaign was a real turn-off for me.There were so many spells, potions and rituals that i had no need for.I basically beat the game with just 3 of the available defences (door, bombard and lotus trap), 3 of the spells (heal, lightning and summon imp) and the required Ritual in the last level. That meant that > 75% of the available buffs were unnecessary!The voice overs were often repeated with machinegun regularity and i wished for a way to turn them off.It is a lovely game (plagued by stuttering) and i hope the devs can change its course back to what they were clearly aiming for.At the moment i cannot possibly recommend it either for old DK players or new players."
,Recommended,230190,13669067,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Devlosirrus,"I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when I heard that someone was making a spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper series.  Dungeon Keeper II stands as one of my favorite games of all time, and I still remember my disappointment when I heard Dungeon Keeper III had been cancelled.  After playing several beta builds of War for the Overworld, I think I can comfortably say that this game is the one I've been waiting for.Stepping into the game, I was amazed with what these guys have accomplished so far.  The creature and level design does sway a bit ""grittier"" than Dungeon Keeper, but it doesn't detract from the feel of the game.  The rooms are exquisitely detailed, which comes across especially well in the first-person view.  The creatures are also gorgeously and creatively rendered, and each unit is fairly easy to pick out among the throng of minions churning around your dungeon.  The interface is already fairly intuitive, with a few niggles here and there.  It can be difficult to select the right minion out of a crowd, and certain vital functions--the ""rally"" command, for example--can be a hassle to get to.  The game could also benefit from remappable hotkeys, or any hotkeys whatsoever, for that matter.  The devs have stated that hotkeys and remapping are coming in a later patch, though, so I wouldn't dock any points over it.The tech tree is extensive and well-done, with some solid improvements over the Warlock research tree from Dungeon Keeper II.  The tree is sorted into three ""veins of evil,"" with your cultist accruing ""sins""--research points, basically--which allow you to unlock ""aspects,"" granting access to new rooms, minions, spells, and rituals.  It's all pretty straightforward once you get used to it, but the tutorial doesn't do a great job of explaining how the tech tree works.  You can fumble about with trying to attract a specific minion, only to find out later that the minion's specific room and requirements are tied up somewhere in the Veins.  It's not a huge problem, however, and I'm confident the devs will add a better tutorial in the future.The campaign's still on the way, which is the part I was especially looking forward to, so it's impossible to give a solid score at the moment.  However, what the devs have accomplished so far is incredible, and very much in the spirit of the original games.  If you're a fan of the Dungeon Keeper series, or a fan of base-management games in general, I would definitely recommend checking out War for the Overworld."
76561197971886677,Recommended,230190,8051729,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,=CID= jOkEr,I simplly love this game. I know it reminds me of Dungeon Keeper 2.  I wasted a lot of my life on that game.  Simply love it.  I just cannot get enough of this game.  I know I'm gonna have a lot of sleepless nights in my future.
,Not Recommended,230190,16655192,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Degovx,"I was very very excited for this game. I preordered the day I became aware of it's existence. I probably sank hundreds of hours into DK 1 and 2 in my adolescence and every couple of years I play through them even with the terrible emulation of Dosbox. So when I fired up WFTO and saw that it had the best of everything I remembered from both DK's I was ecstatic, the voice of the mentor was back, and it seemed to have the same sardonic humor I could barely contain myself.Then I started playing.The game itself has the same dynamics of the originals. Carve out some rooms, beat some minions, watch the enemies impale themselves upon your floor spikes. But as you keep playing you realize this is just a shadow of what made the original DK great. There is little to discover (no special rooms to summon elite minions, no fun combinations of defenses, no fun things to do with posession) and you can win nearly every level of the campaign by building 5 or 6 beast pits and dropping a flag on the enemy core. In fact, through have the campaign that is exactly what you HAVE to do since defenses are practically worthless. I only found them useful in 1 campaign level. Usually the enemies will rush you so quickly you have no time to build defenses or train your minions and if you can withstand their attack you can immediately counter to win.If you do try and build up and turtle the campaign will just punish you with infinite waves of enemies that rush right passed all your minions to start banging on your core or with the flawless AI micromanagement. Where is the valiant freeing of prisoners? Looting the vaults? Why aren't rooms wrecked up and torched so they need to be fixed?I kept playing despite the campaign really not being my style. I prefer to spend some time crafting a world then crushing my foes but, hey, it's nice to be pushed outside your comfort area now and again. As you keep playing the rough edges of the game will begin to grate through your resilience causing frustration and agony. The UI is sluggish and the buttons small. I have tried to click the little cancel attack flag circle and burrowed through the wall of my base too many times. Paging through the laggy menus to lighting bolt a worker who is stuttering around my base as the AI simultaneously blasts 6 of my workers while dropping 30 minions onto the square they just took in my base is psychological torture.  Or sometimes the game lags so bad you just drop a flag where you need to be and go make lunch, coming back 30 minutes later to see you won while AFK (level 9).The final nail in the coffin causing me to uninstall my hopes and dreams of a DK successor are the bugs. Workers standing around doing nothing. Defense parts never being delivered. Walls never being repaired. Dropping an attack flag and watching my soldiers walk into a wall while my core gets demolished. Possession freezing my computer. The game is unplayable in Linux and poorly running in Windows. Probably the worst was when I beat the second to last mission (level 12) and the game just never ended. Apparently there is a bug where you can capture an enemy core without destroying it making it impossible to win. For the record this was patch 1.1.7 which was supposed to be playable. As of now I wish I could get a refund, my 13 hours back, and to wash off this disappointment."
,Recommended,230190,14734732,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Doc Valentine,"This game touts itself as the spiritual successor of Dungeon Keeper, but it’s so much more than that. As an avid fan of the Dungeon Keeper franchise since the first release in 1995, I have been very picky about my “evil minion master” games. In all the years since Dungeon Keeper 2, no game has come as close to capturing the essence of what made the original as well as War for the Overworld. Not only does it pay a near flawless tribute to the old mechanics, it has added some very useful ones of its own.This, ladies and gentlemen is how you make a sequel. In its current state, there isn’t much to play aside form multiplayer and two skirmish maps, but with the release date only a month away and a big update just around the corner, there really isn’t a reason that a Dungeon Keeper fan wouldn’t bet this game. I never write reviews on here, but I couldn’t pass this up. This is the game you have been looking for."
76561198008218222,Recommended,230190,34857572,Posted: 10 September,all,Cockwork Orange,"After having played the campaign and all of the DLC, I can say War for the Overworld is a true successor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise. It is everything you wished for DK3 and more. I will list a few pro's and cons about the game.Pro's:-Humorous, fun campaign that teaches you how to play the game very well-Lots of new units: minions and beasts.-Unlock rooms, constructs, defences and more with sins, generated by the archives-Very noob-friendly map editor-Lots of different fun game modes: My Pet Dungeon (slow paced gamemode), The Crucible (survive waves of enemies), skrimish, multiplayer, campaign.Cons:-Fast paced.Unlike the original Dungeon Keeper, this one feels like an RTS at times. Especially when playing multiplayer or VS hard / master AI, you will need to be able to doa lot of micromanagement.Many players complained about this aspect, and the developers released two DLC's that take away this feeling. My Pet Dungeon is a must-have in my opinion, you can check out the first 2 levels for free. Heart of Gold is a new campaign, consisting of 4 very slow-paced levels.-No personal feeling with minions. In the original keeper your units would grow bigger the higher their level was. That one level 8 fatty would always stand out in a crowd of minions, and you would remember him as the first minion of his kind to enter your dungeon, have memories of him killing overlords, training him with posession, etc. In this game, all of the units are the same, and you usually just put down a rally flag and spamdrop all your minions at once when fighting the enemy.-Performance. When playing bigger maps, the game performance drops. Doesn't matter if you have a beast PC like me. I tried to play one game on the biggest map possible, but after 5min the lagg would be so big that it would be impossible to select a 5x5 terrain to dig out without ♥♥♥♥ing it up (selecting 2x5) because of the input lagg."
76561198052831181,Recommended,230190,15484702,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,grippy73,"Buying this game is buying a work in progress. I understand the many folks who were dissapointed that the game is 'unfinished'. The thing that keeps me in the dev's camp on this one is reading their posts. This is a group of little guys, who are being honest and forthright about what's been going on with them, why things are the way they are, and what they are working on for the future. This isn't EA or Blizzard with obfuscation and double talk, this is by the fans, for the fans, and that kind of real honesty is uncommon in both gaming and life in general!So, to the game. They have masterfully captured the 'flavor' of DK. I have enjoyed the mechanics of the different rooms, and figuring out the spells, rituals, and potions. The graphics are good, they favor the old game without looking dated. I'm playing often, but not constantly, as I enjoy coming back after patches and seeing how they are continuing to put polish on things. Personally am highly looking forward to more Skirmish maps, particularly larger ones! If you like DK, buy this game, and learn to love the progress and the game as is. If you like God mode games, and the idea of being Bad for the first time, well, come give evil a try! ;-)"
,Recommended,230190,24573226,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,efflixi,"I loved the original Dungeon Keeper games. It was just simply FUN to play the bad guy. However, technology carries on and even Dungeon Keeper 2 with it's support for 3D accelerated graphics still looks extremely outdated now. It's still fun but can be a hassle to get running on modern computers, especially if you want widescreen resolution options.Because of those issues I wanted a modern remake. I first heard about War for the Overworld (WftO) years ago. When it came out for early access I bought it plus a copy for my wife because we loved playing the originals together. I was extremely disappointed in just about every aspect of the game. I knew it was early access so I waited.I tried again months and months later. It wasn't really any better, everything felt wrong, nothing clicked. At that point I basically told myself I'd be been burned on another early access game. For some reason I decided to look at the reviews yesterday (7/27/2016) for the first time in over a year and I noticed people saying it was vastly improved. I had serious doubts but I re-downloaded it anyway because I wanted to have my modern remake!The devs should be lauded and praised! After releasing a sub-par product they CONTINUED to make improvements to it despite the bad reviews. This game is now truly what I wanted it to be and even more than that, it feels like a true successor to the originals even down to the voices and gameplay! Last night I played the tutorial (which wasn't available last I played) and then played a skirmish game. I may end up putting all my other games on hold to play this!You guys rock!!tl;dr - Devs release sub-par product, get a huge public backlash. Despite that, they continue working and now have a I game I am seriously proud to own and play!!"
76561198043927601,Not Recommended,230190,17666107,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Steve,"After 4 months, I'd say the game still needs some more time before you buy it.It IS a good Dungeon Keeper game in terms of the gameplay, however at the moment - the Campaign is woefully designed and is not a fun Dungeon Keeping experience. It is a zerg-rush from level to level still riddled with bugs and poor design choices that apparently aren't going to be addressed.In larger levels the game will stutter horrendously every 2-3 seconds, it won't crash and you /can/ complete the level, but it really does ruin the experience. To clarify I'm on an i5, GTX 970, 16GB RAM.Multiplayer is dead due to the poor release decision with the game not being fully finished. That action alone has killed the potential community for this game. Additionally there are connection issues that probably pushed more people away.It's a shame really.9/10 for Gameplay5/10 for Performance.3/10 for Design Implementation.6/10 Overall. Buy a few months from now when it's actually finished."
76561198004574208,Recommended,230190,15179380,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dryani,"War for the Overworld: The Kickstarter that succeededThis is a short honest review that addresses the good and the bad about this game in its current state. I waited until official release to play, so I have no beta-bias or bonding with the developers.THE GOOD:-The game feels and plays like Dungeon Keeper, for real.Let's be honest, no game has come close to the DK experience in over 15 years... until now.-The game truly feels like DK3, and not just DK-2015.Not only are all the core elements of the DK experience in place, but new concepts have been added (contructs, sins, and the tavern for example).-The visuals are nice, the music is great, and the voice acting is amazing.Remember the primary voice actor in the DK games? Well, they found and hired that same guy to play his role again.-The developers have announced that new content is under way, both in the form of paid and free additions.The fact that two patches have been rolled out within 24 hours of the game's launch tells me that the developers both care about the game and are in dire need of some sleep.THE BAD:-The game needs polish in certain areas, especially in regard to the first person ""possession"" mode.Don't get me wrong, the game overall is polished, but there are lots of minor tweaks that will allow it to fill the shoes of a game with twice the budget.SUMMARY:In its current state, War for the Overworld is a fun experience that is worth double the asking price. With additional polish, this game might just surpass its predecessors."
76561197973156225,Recommended,230190,15198808,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,benjy,"Feels almost like dungeon keeper 2 and with a little bit of tweaking it will be a really nice DK2 alternative. There's still a lot of bugfixing to do though, but the developer is patching the hell out of it. So have no fear."
76561198019192515,Recommended,230190,28351023,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,CPT.FTL,"I would like to highlight devs guts here !This project started as a kickstarter that I baked (as a Dungeon Keeper fan). It was far from finished and balanced when I first bought it and many things were lacking. I didn't played it much because of rythm flaws and lack of content.The devs didn't abandon their game and kept improving it with big and free patches.Now they included gameplay mutators that let you change nearly every single  major gameplay rule in the game. They explained that mods were a big no-no because of unity plus the architecture (as it was their first big production).They added a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of content too (survival game-mode, free dlc, etc.).So yeah, thanks devs, it cheers me up that the industry still has some devoted guys like you !Definetly recomending this game !"
,Recommended,230190,33695633,Posted: 21 July,all,EeZeE,"If you enjoyed the good old Dungeon Keeper, you'll enjoy this game.As an evil 'Underlord' you create a base by building room for room, each with a specific function.Your force of minions will grow as your dungeon increases in size. From mystic Cultists and goblin-like Gnarlings to tempting Succubi and bloodsucking Vampires, all will join your dungeon as you set out to conquer your enemies.If the campaign wasn't good enough by itself, you can jump in with a friend and fight the AI on any of the many community made maps. Or perhaps you'd like to fight each other with up to 4 players."
76561197972616063,Recommended,230190,15983269,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,JustUrAvgGamer,"This game harks back to the good old Bullfrog days for those who can remember as far back as Theme Park and Theme Hospital to name but 2 titles from said alas former software house. While there are plenty of familiar voices and creatures for those who, like me, loved the original DK1 and DK2 games this game owes its existence to, there are also a lot of new elements and creatures to keep even the most hardened of dungeoneers on their toes (or fingers?) It’s basically a VERY long awaited DK3 so think original DK with much better graphics and a few different enemies and creatures and your pretty much there. Good stuff!"
,Recommended,230190,30923022,Posted: 3 April,all,GambellGames,"I previously played War for the Overworld way before it launched. At the time it was pretty buggy and unbalanced, so I wanted to leave it a while before fully judging it. The team had a pretty rough launch, it seemed but having given it a go again recently, I'm really pleased with how much work they've put in to the game since then.They've clearly worked very hard to make it as close to the original Dungeon Keeper games as possible, in all departments. Style, gameplay and soundtrack all feel very familiar but with lots of new twists and gameplay features. It very much feels like a spiritual successor to the original games.It's also really clear to see how they've listened to feedback from the community and worked on improving the game continuously for such a long time after launch. It's a thoroughly enjoyable experience, and it's only more likely to carry on improving.If you're a fan of the original Dungeon Keeper games, I'd highly suggest picking this up."
,Not Recommended,230190,23531937,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pixelporn,"This game succeeds in replicating all of the fun we once had in the dungeon keeper titles.  Unfortunately that is where the problem with this title is as well.  I would not so much say that this game isn't recommended.  It just is not worth the price that it currently goes for.  When this goes on special (75% off at least)- take it.It does have replayability in exactly the same sence as the old dungeon keeper games had - that is to say, doing exactly the same over and over again (because it was fun).  For me, this doesn't translate so much in modern gaming.Further more, it was a massive surprise to learn that coop wasn't available for the campaign.   The campaign itself is rather easy and very short.  Skirmish and sandbox modes are pretty much just free for all bash - ups being made moderately fun by the swathe of different map designs out there.Does this game succeed in what it sets out to do?  Absolutely.  It brings an old, nostalgic experience into modern times.  That in itself begs the question - do you buy this game or get Dungeon Keeper 2 to work on your current os?  The latter wont cost you any money and all you sacrefice is the graphics.Technically this game is a disaster.  It chews up pc resources equal to something double its size and depth.  The graphics are pretty, particles are sweet and animations are ""okay"" - yet this beast eats up more resources on both my pc's than just about anything I have.  I'd go so far as to suspect that there may be some serious memory leakage going on or just not very clever design.Again, this game isn't all that bad but I can find very few reasons to recommend it based on its current price.  As someone who played dungeon keeper for years, this game could hardly provide me with any reason to do so beyond 5 hours (that is how long it took me to complete the campaign).   Mind you, it appears the average playtime for the campaign varies between 6 to 12 hours, so do not use my time as the average.  Some of us grind harder than others :)Coupled with the lack of any kind of intelligable innovation, the technical presentation of this title is atrocious.  Something ""appearing"" of this quality should at least be half way better designed.  I'm not sure if it is bad resource management or perhaps bias towards more mainstream hardware combinations.  What I can say is that between the group of friends I play with, all of us experience this kind of issue where the game is just hogging an inordinate amount of resources.  Things like this can be polished out with further tweaks from the developers whom appear to be quite active in community engagement (although, i would note in a very quetionable manner not befitting PR).Multiplayer:Coop campaigns are not existing yet.  It doesn't look like they will either.Multiplayer is stock standard player vs player or player & player vs AI (this is what they deem coop - beware those steam tags).The game devours resources so you can imagine what a horrible experience multiplayer becomes with 4 players on a large map.  That is, IF you can get the game to work on multiplayer.Multiplayer requires you to download their little guide (or just go read the resources) so as to unblock the required ports and the likes.  Yes folks, we are talking peer to peer multiplayer.  Not only is this problematic for a whole swathe of players to set up, but (do i need to say this really?) it is NOT SECURE.  Not recommended (dont take my word for it - use google).In closing,The game is one of those ""could have beens"".  It could have been great, it could have been really fun.  And, hey, it still is for a few hours.  But not at that price.  You can buy 4 good indie games for the same price that would each provide you four to five times the play time.Thus this is purely a title you'll invest in out of nostaliga and nothing else.  Guaranteed.My recommendation:Buy it on special!"
76561198068908707,Not Recommended,230190,15219574,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sylais,"As it stands, this game was absolutely NOT ready for a full release.The game is still riddled with many bugs and problems, including poor pathfinding, units ignoring rally flags, and severe UI lag.While the campaign content does seem to be finished, there are still ""placeholder"" cutscenes.The skirmish and multiplayer mode might as well not exist, as they are completely barren. There are only three small maps available, and the lobby menu looks like it was designed by a novice scipt kiddy.All in all, this game was rushed to release way, WAY too early for its own good.DO NOT BUY until all bugs and issues have been dealt with."
76561198026466396,Recommended,230190,13912087,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Shuffles,"Coming along nicely, and it's got a very similar feel to dungeon keeper 2 just as intended. If you liked DK2, you will probably like this too.I've been looking for a spiritual successor to DK2 for a long time. Out of the many attempts by many companies I find this one the closest and the most fun."
,Recommended,230190,8977764,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Spooky Pleb,"Do you like to be an evil overlord? Smack Imps around like.. Imps?If so, you better go get this, because EA wont give you the satisfaction!"
76561198014631869,Recommended,230190,15199973,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Krinos85,"If you are looking for a game like ""Dungeon Keeper"", Look no further!I bought the game in early access, and have not been dissapointed by the progress the game has made since early 2015.However, the game still runs a little buggy with slow framerates and even complete shutdowns of the program.You'll be able to spend quite some time in this game, but for me the ""replay"" value wasn't too much.I think when they will be releasing more maps and different monsters the game will be much more interesting to play for a longer time.For now, let's have the developers clear out those bugs!"
76561198101176139,Recommended,230190,26295812,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ryleto,"Bought this game many years ago as part of the kickstarter campaign.  When they first released the Alpha - I was really displeased with what I was playing and I couldnt see how they could change it.  However, I've just redownloaded it today and what an amazing game this has turned into!  Absolutely love the direction and the new gameplay mechanics!  Runs infinitely better now too, although theres a small freeze between menus but gameplace itself is seamless (also delay/freeze on posession).  I highly highly highly reccomend this game."
76561198003572907,Recommended,230190,15179433,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Nixpuh,To all the people out there who are yet to make a decision to buy or not to buy the game.The game has its bugs.. a lot of things are placeholders..but no matter what the game has the charme of the old dungeon keeper games. The developers work really hard and released already 2 patches to increase the perfomance since the launch.. the game will perfectly be fine in the next couple of days and you can already play the game campaign now..definetly worth the purchase!
,Recommended,230190,15254605,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Max^,"There have been a lot of comments about how buggy / unfinished this game is. Currently, I have to agree. That said, the Dev's are pushing out patches like ther is no tomorrow! Almost every day since launch, there has been a patch with noticeable gameplay improvements. At this pace I have every confidence that the dev's will get the game to where it should be within a week or two.In short, If you liked DK2 as much as I did, you should deffinitely give this game a go! It is by far the closest thing to the DK series that you can get your hands on today, and manages to carry the soul (Richard Ridings) of DK into a great dungeon management game of today."
,Recommended,230190,28465050,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Super Speth,"It's good but there's a few things that need to be improved.What I missed the most from the DK games were all the little details that were put into creatures' personalities and traits. For example, you couldn't have spiders and flies share a lair because they hate each other. Bile demons hated skeletons because they're fat and skeletons are skinny so they wouldn't work together. A level 10 demon spawn becomes a dragon, a tentacle only comes if you put a lair next to water. There are DK ersatz characters in this game, like a succubus instead of a mistress, but they're not fleshed out much. I do like how, for example, the Auger is a slow creature, so you have to think about the layout of the rooms he uses so he doesn't have to walk too far, but most of the other creatures are attract and forget, which means you don't have to be particularly good at designing your dungeon. You just build things and wait.Fights don't have a lot of strategy to them because all of the creatures feel the same. The ghost in DK1 for example, was a weak creature which could reflect magic and blow away enemies using wind, so you'd use that creature in certain situations. The bile demon was AOE, the warlock was ranged healing, the mistress was a kiter, the hellhound was for picking off runners and imps, the orc was a tank. There's not much of that here, you don't really need healers because you generally have so much mana that you can just heal creatures yourself. The creatures' offensive spells all feel the same. Everything feels bland and overpowered.The lair and treasure room don't attract creatures and their shape doesn't matter, so you can just slap them down anywhere and forget about them. Boring. Make them do something.The world map in DK1 was really cool, the way it was hand drawn and changed from good to evil over the course of the game. The one in this game isn't as interesting.Still it's a good game and all but they need to take another look at DK1 instead of DK2 and see what made that game good."
76561197978367641,Recommended,230190,13191419,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DeathDog,"I have hopes that this Alpha game will be a Great Game someday, but until it has at least a SAVE feature I cannot recommend buying it.  I will give it a thumbs up for its potential only; The updates have been going very very slowly, and it has a long way to go :0)"
,Recommended,230190,22889296,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TigrisMorte,"Refreshing to have a game by actually devoted and competent Developers.War for the Overworld is indeed a modern Dungeon Keeper, unlike the travesty mobile garbage that EA spewed forth seeking quick unearned cash.It channels the spirit of Bullfrog back from the desiccated corpse in EA's droppings and Molyneux's sundered reputation.The game is fun in and of its own as well as being continuously improved.  Reward these actually care about your purchase developers and yourself by adding this game to your stable."
,Recommended,230190,25678811,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Red-Eye Jedi,"The Dungeon Keeper has come....er, I mean the Underlord!Back in the day, I was a HUGGGEE fan of Dungeon Keeper, that game was my jam! When Dungeon Keeper 2 came out, I of course got it, played it, beat it (many times) and then after enjoying the end cinematic, I patiently yet excitedly waited for DK3!Well, long story short and of which I'm sure a few of you can relate, DK3 never came and turns out Bullfrog closed up shop and with each passing year, DK 3 became a pipe dream, but one I longed for.Many years later, I was on Steam and I saw War for the Overworld pop up and I did some reading about it. It was meant to be a spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper and even received endorsement from Peter Molyneux himself and they had even secured the original narrator from the DK series!Now, I had also played the game Dungeons by Kalypso, which was also created and meant to be a spritual successor to DK, but honestly that game sucked and I was massively let down, so when I saw this I was excited, but cautiously skeptical! I ended up purchasing it during early-access and at the time, I liked it a bit, but it wasn't so great, yet I could acknowlege that I knew it was only Early-Access and just to wait until release to render final judgment. I waited. I waited a very long time and it was starting to get to the point that I thought the devs had abandoned the game or something happened, I dunno, ya know those things happen with some early-access games and I was scared it was happening to this one.Anyways, I ended up ignoring it for some time, even after it officially released, but once I finally started playing it.......these developers.....they brought joy to the child in my soul, they did it, they nailed this on the head! THIS is what Dungeon Keeper is, they successfully harnessed the look, the feel, gameplay of Dungeon Keeper but at the same time, making the game feel unique enough to be something else entirely!I could not be any more satisfied and happy with this game, I waited many, many years for Dungeon Keeper 3 and while this game has a different title, it's more than good enough for me!10 out of 10, easily!"
76561198011231411,Recommended,230190,14173308,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Scoundrelus,"This is basically Dungeon Keeper 2 with better graphics.  Still some bugs to work out but it's Early Access so that's normal.  I hope for a bug free launch, this game deserves to succeed.  There have been some other 'spiritual successors' to Dungeon Keeper 2, like the game Dungeons, but they don't even hold a candle.  You like Dungeon Keeper?  You'll like this game too."
76561197972666536,Recommended,230190,15182581,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,localhost,"Sure at release its only 95% there, but who cares. Its clear the effort and attention to detail thats gone into this, everything thats missing is coming soon and I believe them because they've delivered on everything thing else so far.I understand there can be financial difficulties for a small team to develop a game but they havenm't let anything like that effect the quality. The menu is a little buggy at the moment but as of 1.0.3 I'm not having any crashes and haven't encountered a noticable bug in game for the first 3 missions of the campaign. It really is a true to its roots remake which I'm really enjoying.I don't say this as a fanboy (or any other childish lable) for the devs but just stop complaining and give them a bit of time to polish it round the edges, its far more stable than anything Ubisoft or EA produce on release day and people flock to buy their half baked games. I have been burned by early access before, I made the mistake of backing Spacebase. Its uplifting to see a dev makes some promises and then really stick to them, and yes it took a while but all good things are worth waiting for. I haven't opened the game for at least 6 months and the improvements are phenomenal.I hope the shortsighted reviews of some impatient people/kids doesn't damage this games reputation. I know i'll be enjoying it anyway."
,Recommended,230190,14758621,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[POLIS] GoblinTown,"This is probably my new favorite game! For any fan of Dungeon Keeper, you should feel right at home here! So many simularities, yet just enough differences to make the game feel new and exciting! I fully recommend this game for anyone wanting to cause a little destruction!"
76561198074738171,Not Recommended,230190,30385630,Posted: 7 March,all,"Cal McDonald, P.I.","I bought my first boxed copy of Dungeon Keeper in 1997, so I've been waiting for this game for 20 years, and boy am I let down. Brightrock Games created some beautiful graphics, fun units, & hilarious voiceover... but managed to blow it all. They may be great artists, but damn they are inexperienced and inept level designers.For starters this is a game that allows you to build and ""manage"" your own dungeon full of creatures and features. But the developers tie your hands in a way that you can't enjoy the game. Most levels aggro swarm you with an endless wave of enemies before you've had much if any time to prepare, there are timers and countdowns everywhere, and zero chance for exploration, creativity, or casual play.Basically the only way to beat many levels is watch a YouTube video, and copy some streamer's exact moves playing super fast, otherwise you will not have the cookie cutter level solution viable in time before you get swamped by enemies. It's really sad. The dungeon is full of some great graphics and funsy little things to check out, but if you get distracted or sidetracked for 15 whole seconds, then you will likely have to re-load your last saved game because now you are fatally delinquent against the impending spawn wave timer. There's just A LOT of game that has gone to waste because of the way the Lead Quest Designer set up all of the missions.TBH it's not even that fun after the first few levels, because you start to feel so rushed. I never get a chance to play around with new units because the mission timers are so short, and because they withhold most of the ""advanced units"" until late in the game. I think I'm on level 12 or 13 and still haven't even had a chance to create that Vampire unit I hear so much about. Perhaps by the time it is summonable, I will be on the last mission, and have about 1 second to actually play with it, in between endless swarms of enemies as I battle a ticking clock!... Lame.This re-iteration of the classic fails in allowing you to enjoy what I think made the originals great: the chance to completely get lost in your dungeon following minions around, tinkering with minor room features, and just plain getting lost in your thoughts as you immerse yourself into the dark ambience of your own personal dungeon."
,Recommended,230190,26523746,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,xNECROx,I'd just like to say - this game has exceeded expectations I had. I loved Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 and this game does not disappoint. It's not simply a clone of those games but actually creates many new fantastic elements such as the beasts and the beast den. I love the amount of detail and effort that was obviously put into creating a convincing and thriving dungeon. It was so enjoyable to use the prison->torture chamber for conversions and use those converted minions against the enemy. It has been a while since I fully finished a Steam game's campaign but this is one I stuck around for!
,Recommended,230190,16764059,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Although the game was an unplayable mess at its original release, War for the Overworld has become an impressive and fun successor to the Dungeon Keeper series after Patch 1.1.  It truly felt like I was playing the next logical step, or Dungeon Keeper 3, if you will.For those uneducated and/or unexperienced in the Dungeon Keeper series, War for the Overworld is a strategy game where you play as the Underlord, the master of a dungeon that you build from the ground up.  You dig out the earth surrounding your dungeon core and designate what the tiles that you have dug out are to be repurposed for.  Barracks, lairs, torture chambers, prison, sanctuaries, traps, and many, many other rooms are available, all of which have their own unique abilities that they add to your dungeon and most of which that bring in new creatures to serve you in crushing the competing underlords and those pesky human armies that seek to reclaim their land from you.All in all a great game and one that I highly recommend those fans who have been waiting years for a legitimate sequel to the Dungeon Keeper series."
,Recommended,230190,14576529,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Oceanyss,"This game made me a jackpot winner. Also, suck my balls EA."
76561198051332744,Recommended,230190,35020761,Posted: 17 September,all,Ivan,"Brief summary of the ramblings below: All in all, this game is a beautiful tribute to a game I played to death as a kid, and an outstanding game on its own merits, rammed with some of the best dark humour I've ever encountered in a game. Richard Ridings returning to his iconic role as the Mentor is what inevitably sold this game for me, the man is a living legend.---An absolutely brilliant game with some very minor flaws, defintely deserves higher than ""Mixed/Mostly positive"". As yet another fan of Dungeon Keeper, I feel like this game had a hell of a lot to live up to if it was to brand itself as a successor to the franchise. While this does in part feel like just another modern remake of an old game, it goes to great lengths to differentiate itself and stand on its own two feet, which it does extremely well.My only real issue with the game is one I see has already been mentioned numerous times and catered for in the DLCs, and that's the linear map design. I always love the sandbox elements of these kind of games and want to build up my dungeon and level up my minions before charging into a raging battle, but a lot of the maps in this are heavily time-sensitive. I feel I've only had the chance to build up my dungeon to a point where I was happy with it on a single map, because generally the enemy comes barrelling through my walls at a moment's notice, or I have a timer counting down until they do.That said, I never once got bored. Every map was different and instilled a completely new form of panic whenever the grey markers on your map suddenly swarm towards your dungeon core. The maps all vary a lot in terms of strategy and difficulty and I found myself on almost every map eventually scratching my head wondering how I was going to get out of this one, which is just what should be expected of a well-crafted game like this!I've seen a lot of people making complaints about the bugs and glitches in this game, and am happy to say I encountered very few. I'm on the final mission of the main campaign and have only had the game crash twice, both times while loading a quicksave in. And I've reloaded a LOT due to my inability to, well, not die. I've never once lost my campaign progress or had it crash mid-game, only ever on the loading screen.As for the complaints about optimisation, I only once encountered a point where the game started to stutter, and it was on the penultimate map when I unleashed a mighty army against another mighty army, with probably a few hundred fights going on all at once. I'd say that's pretty reasonable, it was absolute, delicious chaos.Buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,230190,33615320,Posted: 17 July,all,Battle-pigeon,It is pretty much the Dungeon Keeper 3 we never got!
76561198043627942,Recommended,230190,31624632,Posted: 8 May,all,Nub-spotting Nub,"Fantastic game, feels very true to the Dungeon Keeper spirit as many people will say, but not without adding it's own mechanics and extras of which there appears to be plenty.There is lots about this game that I like that are part of the original package, not to the major Dlc Mention, though the original stands well on its own.WotO creates a very immersive experience, with the dark dirges for music, as well as the animated and interesting world that becomes your dungeon.  I found the decor to be very much in line with the original.  It is really nice.  Even the walls are something to be looked at with detail, again, much like the original... There is a level in the My Pet dungeon Dlc which exhibits a maze full composed of these rooms, with their walks and it was quite interesting to see all the different varieties of walls and effects.However at times, though this certainly was the case with dungeon keeper, combat can be a bit lame when your looking for a challenge.  Though in saying that, the thrill is in making the resources to win combat and not to fight it...   Dungeon keeper was never designed to make combat develop past the initial conflict, it was a game of 'stacks'.Though do not take that as a negative so that all you need to do is make an army and that is, there are plenty of traps, though I find the mana system for them quite suffocating... Though, this is clearly a good design as a player who uses traps wont use magic (much) so there are counter balances.  This is good.Despite this, combat (like Dungeon keeper) is quite engaging.  The UI for combat in Dungeon keeper 1 was the best though and I yearn for a window that shows individual instances, this you get an alert button where you need to watch the creature individually else something may die or at least get knocked out.IN saying that the UI is quite good, it doesn't deviate much from the other dungeon keepers, with virtually the same tabs , though there are a couple more added for extra or expanded mechanics.  Rest assured, you can manage your minions almost entirely through the minion information tab(activities and other stats).Research is not a bad edition either, this makes a lot of sense, given the automation of the original research and as much as I can say Supreme Commander 2 made this design grating and dull, WotO made it good.Some of the creatures and designs were really great.  I wont go into too much detail, but there are are still Horned reapers here, even though its not clear. In-particular the vampire is a time bomb if there is not a good supply of enemies, though suitably powerful themselves.The voice acting from the original Dungeon Keeper was very good, and yes its worth mentioning.  From the silly  'its past your bed time' statements (which there are many, it's great there is so much variety) to the general narration.  However, though the DLC made the narrator more chilled and pleasant which I enjoyed;  the end of the original scenario made him bickering to the extent that a particular level where you fight a Keeper with an rubix cube for a heart; he sounds sonically aggressive, imposing and quite annoying... I think the devs went too far with this and its something games today need to sort out where the timing of their 'prompts' that are too short as if they appeal to the mental ability capacity of a fish.There is very little bad to be said about War of the Overworld and is a great game.. I still don't get how to beat crucible, but Really enjoyed this and is more than worth the 20 quid, funny given most Unity games on Steam are often worth < 10p You learn something every day..."
76561198054682351,Recommended,230190,23456336,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Suspicious Activity,"I must apologize; I wrote a review last year declaring how awful it was. War for the Overworld has come a very long way from it's humble beginnings. It's now fantastic. The development team has been actively improving it.Heart of Gold made it even more fun to play. Being able to steal gold from your enemies, turning them into statues, and the sentinels are amazing.The voice actors are hilarious. Richard Ridings has the voice of the God, or rather the Devil. Fantastic job well done Brightrock! You turned a hater into a lover.Update: My Pet Dungeon is simply amazing. Thank you so much for the awesome upgrades. I'm eagerly looking forward to the next DLC."
76561198036393876,Not Recommended,230190,15804418,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Grand Mugwump,"UPDATED 6/18/2015 v.1.1.5What comes in this $30 full release game:A 13 level campaign of varying stability.  I was forced to watch a boss lie prone in his room for three minutes with my camera slow panning around as the advisor and him took turns repeating the same lines and working their way down the queued up announcements.  Then I was defeated by his reinforcements while unable to act.  Stability will probably improve and developers have hinted at more campaigns in the future.9 two player maps, 2 three player maps, 9 four player maps for local skirmish and multiplayer usage.  Will almost certainly increase.Functional AI'sFunctional Multiplayer now.Graphics and UI is mostly functional and responsive now. Apparently some machines will use their integrated intel GPU instead of their better GPU when playing War for the Overworld, which requires system changes by the user to fix.  Unusual, but will probably be fixed.A long list of promised future content which gets shorter every time I check it.  I'm still curious as to what happened to a co-op campaign or playing as the light followers on release.  Perhaps these went the way of their original Dungeoneer build.  May be added later.War for the Overworld follows a similar formula to Dungeon Keeper and Dungeon Keeper 2 in being a god-mode (watch from above, unable to issue direct commands to your units) real time strategy game.  Build rooms to entice specific creatures and provide services for them and you by proxy, and then lead them on a dark crusade to do whatever it is your dark heart desires.Unlike its Dungeon Keeper compatriots, War for the Overworld takes a faster paced, Starcraft-like approach which focuses less on watching and catering to a small number of elite, well trained creatures and more on building and using the perks of a massive dungeon to amass large numbers of minions quickly.  Followers will blur together and become nondescript as dozens of them stampede around the dungeon, and there is little time or even reason to watch your underlings go about their business due to the constant necessity to always be expanding and building.  This is especially true since the maximum unit cap is extremely generous and imps (your workers) work at light speed.  Matches turn into a breakneck race to see who can build the most rooms with the most equipment to lure the most creatures in, which results in most of my play time being focused on issuing dig commands and building rooms instead of on the many other (often much less useful) tools they provide.I'm probably a little jaded due to the half baked release, but overall, War for the Overworld is decent but not quite good in its current state.  The game's pacing feels off, as most of my time playing is spent digging and building random rooms instead of enjoying whatever other charms War for the Overworld may have.  It will probably get better over time as the developers have expressed their devotion to improving the game and releasing new content, which may make it worth the price tag in the future.  War for the Overworld is worth buying for extremely hopeful fans of the genre who want to support this project or if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,230190,21132455,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kreegath,"This is not a worthy successor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise. The parts are all there, but they're either faulty or shoddily put together. Even if you're an RTS or Dungeon Keeper fan, ""War for the Overworld"" will be an exercise in frustration and annoyance.First and foremost, the game is lacking in terms of presenting the player with useful and sometimes necessary information. What can this creature do? How strong is that creature? What skill will they get and what do they do? What can the heroes do? Who knows? I certainly don't, because the game never bothers to tell you. I've played it for over 60 hours and have no idea of the relative power levels between creatures in the game. Not that you really need a balanced army or anything, but it'd be nice to know what your guys can or can't do. In Dungeon Keeper, you knew bugs were crap, bile demons were badass and that mistresses and vampires could wreck most things in 1v1. Here, I have zero clues what my gnarlings can take, what beasts are good or what the chunder actually does. No clue whatsoever. Just mass creatures and call to arms to their base, then hope for the best.In terms of the story itself, you've been relegated to the role of underling to the narrator, who's the main character of the game. He's the one interacting with the overlords and heroes of the game, he's the one telling you what to do and he's the one setting the agenda. You're just along for the ride. Now I know how my imps feel, always getting told exactly where to go and what to do. Maybe you can find enjoyment in that, and if so then this is the story for you, but I couldn't. I want to be the main character in the game I play.The game is horribly optimized, to the point where I can't tab out and back in without it grinding to a screeching halt and you need to restart. I've been able to play Starcraft 2 with the highest settings, skyping and having a browser up at the same time without performance issues. I've played Crusader Kings 2 grand campaigns with no real issue. I've played Grey Goo and Planetary Annihilation without it killing my computer, but War for the Overworld is slow and sluggish. It's incredibly slow and sluggish. You will also run into a lot of lag-related issues ingame, like the fog of war not dissolving when you explore, your creatures losing their focus and just standing around like idiots, creatures seemingly starting to teleport all over the map or even creatures starting to ghost (by which I mean they stand still and you can hover your mouse over them to see their info, but you can't interact with them because they're not really there, but the game just hasn't updated their location, so you're stuck with their ghost for a couple of seconds before the game eventually rectifies this). You're also going to see visual bugs, like creatures freezing mid-animation. You can also run into visual problems where the minimap doesn't load, where the UI doesn't load or where certain rooms and backgrounds won't load, so you're stuck with black nothingness in the middle of your dungeon.Lastly, the game starts to suffers from increasingly heavy UI lag, where you press a button and sometimes need to wait for a couple of seconds before it actually interacts. Sometimes you have to press a button three or four times before it actually gets pressed. In stressful situation, I don't need to tell you how annoying it can be to try and reposition your creatures whilst casting spells and fighting your own UI and the game's lag.The AI doesn't work. In Dungeon Keeper, you told your imps to do something and eventually they'd come around to finishing it. Not so much in War for the Overworld. Your imps will start a diggin task, stop and run to the other side of your dungeon, stop again, run to a random room and turn, run and chop once at a gold square, run back with the handful of gold, start reinforcing some random wall for a bit, then stop and run back to the original position and claim a square or two before going back to digging for a bit. It's beyond frustrating. At first I thought I just overloaded them with tasks, but no matter how little you give them to do, they won't ever do it faster or more efficiently. I tried maxing out the number of imps, but it made literally no difference. You keep your five original imps, but just ignore them and do everything yourself. It'll save you time and headache. This is a kiss of death for a dungeon building game, in my opinion.Imps are not the only ones with a severely lacking AI, though. Some creatures won't ever do what you tell them to, ever. Beastmasters will not train in your training room unless you stand over them and cast spells to force them. They won't fight in combat more than occationally, instead going to the back of the fight and walking around in circles. You will also have creatures that get so sleepy, hungry and are so greedy, that you will never see them do anything but beeline between their beds, the tavern and the pig pens, trying to satiate their desires.Sometimes, when the game slows down too much, the AI stops working altogether, and you will have to restart before fighting any battles. This is because your creatures won't actually fight, the AI can't use any skills in this state, but will opt to stand around, walk back and forth and sometimes losing and regaining the call to arms flag trigger.Finally, I need to bring up the one way you can control your creatures in this game when not standing on your own lands, the call to arms flag. Sometimes there will be areas in the game where your call to arms won't work. You place it like always and everything seems fine, but your creatures will suddenly lose interest and walk away. It's beyond frustrating.In conclusion, I recommend against getting this game. Don't buy War for the Overworld if you're a fan of Dungeon Keeper, because this is such a poor substitute you'll be pulling your hair in frustration. Don't buy it if it's on sale, it's not worth a dollar of your money. It's not fun. It's not challenging. It's buggy, it's simplistic and it's been done before and done better. The AI doesn't work, the UI is slow and unresponsive, the story is not even revolving around the player and you'll play the game from beginning til end without ever having to learn anything about it. Just go through the motions, call to arms in their base, rinse repeat. Do yourself a favour and play something else."
76561198035058261,Recommended,230190,14282526,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Metalbrigade,"Getting better every week, Dungeon Keeper fans UNITE!"
76561198146984766,Recommended,230190,22806527,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lost,"Was debating pulling the trigger on this one for a long time and finally did so. I heard that the release was rough and so I gave it some time to get fixed but with the Doom wait wiping me out, I needed something new.In a nutshell, game is amazing if you enjoyed DK2. It's not perfect, but the devs are extremely active and dedicated even now and there is always new content and modes coming out. Plenty to do and see even now.If you can get around the downsides like mediocre ai, a few performance issues and one or two overtuned or frustrating missions, highly recommended."
,Recommended,230190,24196114,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Conform Comply,This is Dungeon Keeper 3.
,Recommended,230190,28194206,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ali,"Pros:-It's ♥♥♥♥ing Dungeon Keeper!- It looks great-♥♥♥♥♥♥load of minions- It's funny- Good campaignCons:- Performance Issues when it gets crowded on screen - finished the last mission with like 2 frames per second. Sometimes it just crashs. I guess if your PC is more powerful than mine this shouldn't be a problem.- Not enough different rooms for my taste (but that's what DLC is for)All in all I recommend the game, especially for DK fans."
76561198090422107,Recommended,230190,15168719,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Goerbils,"After a a lot of time in beta stage, this game launched in a pretty good if unpolished state. A few bugs here and there and dodgy optimization from time to time where my game froze for a few moments before resuming normally.If you want to wait for a bit before buying then it's understandable since there are a few buggs plaguing it but this game almost perfectly mirrors the Dungeon Keeper of old and since the devs have such love for the game then I and you should be sold."
76561198026347039,Not Recommended,230190,19712113,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Max Wattage,"The whole point of the ""Dungeon Keeper"" genre is to have the time and dungeon space to build up sneaky traps and defences, and only then let the goodly heroes wander haplessly into your carefully constructed dungeon. Then you laugh as they fall to your devious trigger-trap combos. (remember those?)This game attacks you within seconds of the game starting, breaching your marshmallow-tough walls from all sides, ruining the whole point of the game.You can't build an effective dungeon because there isn't enough space and there are more holes than a swiss-cheese in the dungeon soil so you can't build rooms.It is not supposed to be a frantic click-fest!They have totally broken a game whose genre is all about designing traps and slow careful exploration.The other main game mechanic of ""Dungeon Keeper"" was creeping about, picking off enemy scouts without raising the alarm, and carefully expanding your dungeon without the goodly heroes ever noticing your progress until it was too late for them.This game mechanic has also been destroyed by WTFO, which is now all about the enemy AI attacking immediately, and heading straight for your dungeon heart in an endless torrent. Yes, they implemented the 1st person posession spell, but now there is no reason to have it as there is no sneaking about to do.I even waited until they got as far as Ver 1.3 to let all the bugs get ironed out, but that was a mistake too. It is still very buggy.The devs have spent way too much time upgrading the graphics of Dungeon Keeper, whilst missing the whole point of what the game is supposed to be. As a result it is very pretty, dialogue is great, and yet the easy-bit, the gameplay, is totally absent.I didn't want a shoot-em-up game, I wanted a dungeon-design game and I feel ripped-off.Don't waste your money."
76561198055661601,Recommended,230190,15188982,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Tardigrade,"Being bad never felt so good again. I have been playign this since it was still in early beta. This game says its 1.0 release, but I would say its still beta. There are some bugs, but i have played a couple skirmishes, and some of the campaign. I haven't come accross anything game breaking yet. DK fans will find this to be a worthy new DK with a bit of a fresh spin to the old gameplay, compared to the abomination's of the phone dungeon keeper (EA you screwed yourself on DK fans for that one) and also Dungeons (biggest dissapointment I have ever bought) War for the overworld definitely has potential, it just needs some more polish which I am sure will come in the near future."
,Recommended,230190,15184295,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,zivs,"WftO is a true spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper series (don't confuse with Dungeon Keeper for mobiles) - it superbly reproduces best and most notable qualities of both DK & DK2 and enriches them with things we've missed in both original games - freedom of choice of how things should be done. Switching from previous installments to WftO is seemless and seem to be natural, as nothing UI-wise is dramatically changed.Now, I know that it's not just yet finished and far away from finished (especially when it comes to multiplayer part), but for the price it offers just enough to keep it playing.Also, I get a huge boner from Richard Ridings mentor vocals every time I run the game."
76561198034390479,Recommended,230190,12770190,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Khaibit DevZer0,"War of the Overworld is basically Dungeon Keeper 3 (except the people who originally made it stopped at 2)Personally, I loved the Dungeon Keeper series and was sad to see it die. However, I am now very heartened by the Beta of WOTO. It's basically Dungeon Keeper, only so much better. There are about a dozen room types, which I have yet to get to grasp with, as well as an impressive selection of spells that do everything from reveal parts of the map to freezing the ground. What I also love is the voice acting is very similar to Dungeon Keeper. The guy who does the Keeper sounds appropriately evil and the heroes sound equally pius, making it so much more satisfying when you kill them.. =)However, the game is still a Beta. There is a tutorial, which explains the basics (there really needs to be an advanced tutorial as well) also, I found it hard to find the flashing tiles on some of the tutorial actions. Perhaps if you centered the screen over the tiles as the event triggers, this would be easier.There are only 2 maps, however, there is a sandbox mode, which I look forward to exploring. Unfortunately, it crashed at the climax of my first game, however, that may be due to my OS.Anyway, as long as the developers get this thing to full version, it will be freaking awesome. Given that all of the room design seems to be done (although I have yet to fully observe what all the creatures do and thier various states) making the maps should be pretty easy.Oh, there is one thing that distinguishes it from Dungeon Keeper, there is no hilarious CG cutscene at the beginning.I would like to vote for one, if possible.. =)I would give it an 8/10 and it's only a Beta.. I can't wait for the full version."
76561197970766169,Not Recommended,230190,28356049,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,shiva,"I REALLY wanted this to be good... sadly, I was hugely dissapointed.This is DK2's stupid, violent little brother... not the successor to Dungen Keeper 2.The maps have almost zero creativity. Most of the time you can not even build a chain of rooms without indestructable blocks stopping you from setting up a decent functioning base.The beauty of DK2 was the gameplay. Building you base, levelling your minions, gently probing the defenses of your enemy and  destroying your enemy a piece at a time. This game has NONE of that!It has next to no tactics or strategy involved. It plays the same way every time...Build some rooms... defend, defend...Zerg. Build rooms... defend, defend... Zerg.The gameplay has all the subtly of a runaway train.The voice acting is great, but it VERY quickly becomes annoying to the point of frustration at the constant yelling at you. Because all the game does is send enemy units to attack you, in every scenario... and almost constantly.I purchased this on sale... and am SO glad I did not pay full price. Even so, I still feel ripped off."
76561198057588642,Not Recommended,230190,15268262,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ed,"broken, still in development it seems. should never of left early access until it is finished. only campaign, sandbox and 1v1 skirmish work on tiny maps with poor ai. dont buy it untl significant updates have been implemented!!! poorly executed on such a great sequel"
,Not Recommended,230190,15304045,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TPFshxgnszrx,"I've written two reviews, one bad over the bugs and glitches, after a few days when they fixed many bugs I deleted that and wrote a good one. I removed them both for this one.I am completely and utterly enraged by how the story develops and ends and even if there will be a DLC to twist the plot somehow, this is utterly inexcusable.This of course is accompanied by my struggle (yes, struggle) against the game-breaking bugs, memory leaks, crashes, freezes, save-corruption and many others.SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERTRight, so by mission 10 or 11 you are starting to realize that the disembodied voice is not your helper, but rather your master, as opposed to being a tyrant, you're just an executive clerk doing whatever your strong and powerful masturr is telling you to do.This is reflected by the fact he repeatedly tells jokes ""If your minions ask for your superior, tell them I'm taking a nap."", by the fact he apparently ""controls the aether"" hence controls you, by Mira saying you're his tool and by him calling you ""My Underlord"", as if a pawn of his. And, by mission 13's outro, which will be elaborated further next. Unlike the intro video sequence where you might mistake to think he found your presence and revived it, he is in fact your master.Alright, that is a bit crappy - but not story-breaking for me.Oh, but then comes mission 13. The final mission. You besiege and break through the last hero compound in order to butcher the emperor himself. Pretty neat mission, 3-4 optional objectives - a bit of a droll but wrapping things up knowing the world is pretty much doomed by your hand and will be ripe for the taking by you makes it worthwhile.You breach the inner chamber, kill off the emperor's guards and the emperor, but then MAJIQ! his corpse disappears and then proceeding sequence loads you into your home realm, your main core, where the wretched scum just pops out of nowhere while that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mendechaus (w/e his name) says how he found a new pawn and how you're no longer of use to him and that sort of generic crap, then you die.tl;dr Game over.No conquest, no ""cliffhanger"" for an upcoming campaign in the overworld, no outro depicting how terror and misery have struck the goodlies. Not even a chance to fight. Just sit there and watch how the pompous moron just kills you and tyvm for playing. How your campaign ends with a defeaning silence of helplessness. That's the antithesis of being a Dungeon Keeper/Underlord.I've fought against game-breaking bugs, I've triumphed terribly long loading-screens and save-destroying bugs (wall tiles changing nonstop causing FPS to drop to 5 on a mission vs 3 enemy Underlords)... This is the last straw. This game has the mechanics of its spiritual father, Dungeon Keeper, but not the essence. Maybe multiplayer fans will rejoice in this, but in that case, GL waiting a couple of months until that function will be released properly.I've uninstalled this game and hopefully this review will be noticed so other people won't feel cheated like I do.edit: spelling"
,Recommended,230190,15190628,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SlyGoat,"Day 1 patches addressed the issues I had progressing through the campaign. It was definitely a mistake not to release more of the campaign into early access so it could be properly tested, but they addressed it in a timely manner. Remaining issues are just nitpicky and it's a solid game at its core, closest thing to Dungeon Keeper anyone's put out in well over a decade - and the team behind it is really passionate about the project, which gives me a confidence I don't find in many games released in an unpolished state that it will actually be fixed up right, and have free content updates piled on to make up for the shaky release."
,Recommended,230190,23327797,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,janlcemamak,"Good game, no gamebreaking bugs. Wish you can have like 10 gates though so you can have like 100+ creatures under your control, although I don't think my computer will last :PBack to the topic, the devs are very open and very sincere, and quick to help out with any bugs/problems. You can see from all the negative reviews having the devs wanting to know more about the bugs so they can fix them, and this is CONSISTENT and QUICK. So an extremely good customer support well done!"
,Recommended,230190,29226483,Posted: 13 January,all,Michael Jackson (King of Pop),"I wrote a bad review of this a year back. After coming back to give it another shot I'm going to write a sort-of good one.Firstly, they've fixed a lot of the issues I had back then (UI issues like the call to arms dot being a tiny thing that was hard to click on, total lack of useful mouseover information, massive glitches)Secondly as I got further into it I started to appreciate the thought that has gone into it. And particularly the new mechanics that weren't in the original dungeon keeper. A lot of them make sense when considered, like seperating the DK1 horned reaper ""strong creature thats hard to keep happy"" and DK2 horned reaper ""endgame summon monster"" into two seperate monsters, the vampire and titans. Or giving a means to assign creatures to the peaceband, so they work instead dropping everything to following the call to arms spell. Smart.(Tip for anyone coming from DK1 and 2: Dont try to build 5 x 5 rooms immediately like you used to be able to in that game. Theres so many rooms and less space to build them in so its worth planning what you need for the level and starting with a 3x3.Also I highly ecommend you slow down the game speed, which is a stock option thankfully.)But it still has one MAJOR issue though, the difficulty curve. You're either storming though the level fairly easily or you're hitting a brick wall (level 4 with its unending waves smacks you out of nowhere after a fairly easy first few levels) it really lacks the twists and surprises that Bullfrog designed levels had.Pretty much every level has an infinite gold seam, so once you find that, you dont have to budget anymore. Plus you have the option of gold potions, turning your enemies to gold, a spell that literally just gives you gold for temporarily mana etc.Its too many get out of jail free cards. Again in the old bullfrog games they werent afraid to occasionally lock you out of some of your abilities, to force you to change strategy.Maintaining a dungeon is really easy since creatures dont fight internally anymore, not even converted hero units. I dont think I ever once had creatures complaining about food even with a 3x3 pig farm feeding a massive dungeon.Lava only seems to sort-of burn creatures, and plenty of them just dont care anyway. I got the stone bridge well before ""how do I cross this lava"" ever even became a problem I'd thought about solving.DK1 and 2 you could NEVER rebuild earth. So once it was mined you were exposed for good. Here you get a spell to do that easily.See where I'm going with this? The game gives you a bunch of abilities, maybe too many abilities, but rarely tests your brain with them.The two suddenly-actual-difficult levels where I had to actually think and strategise were the ones I enjoyed the most.It adds up to a fun DK flavoured novelty, but one without an engaging challenge. If steam had that option I'd give it half a thumbs up."
76561197995222493,Recommended,230190,15352653,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,[AKn] Tenva,"Have supported this game since early access, and its amazing how far its come.Pros:> A true spiritual successor to the dungeon management games of yore> Interesting rooms and features totally unique to this game add a ton of complexity.> Skill tree progression is really good.> Plenty of unique minions!> Lovely graphics> Developers are incredibly open, honest and dedicated> A ton of updates since launchCons:> Needs a few more weeks in the cooking pot before it can be considered a finished game, with multiplayer and skirmish features working properly. However, the developers are actively addressing issues and personally I'd rather see the game release not quite finished than get cancelled due to lack of funding.> The posession system needs a lot of work right now, hope that this is addressed down the line."
,Recommended,230190,15209801,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Skiba,"Summary (TL;DR):+ True to the original Dungeon Keeper recipe+ Fantastic graphics, sound and animations+ Additional mechanics are fun, but feel natural to the genre+ Challenging and rewarding gameplay+ Return of an old familiar friend (the mentor from DK)+ Frequent updates from an invested developer- Minions lack style and personality- Minor bugs, however, not game-breakingI was a huge fan and hold many fond memories of the original Bullfrog Dungeon Keeper games, so seeing a ""spiritual successor"" to them made me raise an eyebrow. As many may already know, a handful of developers have tried to recreate the magic that Bullfrog crammed into the DK franchise.. they all failed miserably. However, these guys, swearing fealty to the original successful formula had a crack at making a worthy successor, and by god, they made it better.What they have created is a maleficent and joyous game which remains true to the style of the DK franchise, however, with the addition of a couple of other game mechanics and room types. What is surprising in this case is how natural the game mechanics fit, the developers have clearly given a lot of thought into exactly how these extra mechanics can fit without disrupting the experience or alienating old players of the DK franchise. As a result, the additions make it stand out on its own as its own game and not some mere clone of DK2.The game itself is beautiful to look at and smooth to play, hearing the return of the old DK mentor was a nostalgic and welcomed addition. However, if I was to be picky, I would criticise that some of the minions just do not have the charm, style, nor variation that the DK franchise had. Additionally, the minion character models seem to be of a lower quality than the rest of the game, whether this was done for optimisation, I'm not sure, but I did hope for better.Many others have reviewed that the game has many bugs, I would partly concur with this. While the game does have a few bugs, I found that none were game-stopping bugs, just very minor niggles such as menu responsiveness. I take my hats off to the developers who have seemed to be updating the build like crazy trying to iron out some of the issues (we've had 2 patches in 24 hours of official launch at the time of writing).Would I recommend? Yes, definitely. If you are a seasoned DK player eager to find a game that fills that evil chasm in your heart, or a casual player looking for a fun yet challenging strategy game, I would wholeheartedly recommend this War for the Overworld.Developers, if you happen to read this, two words I'd like to say: ""Good job!"""
,Recommended,230190,15204939,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Be Blue !,"Great game, great original voice acting guy, great gameplay, occasional bugs but very insignificant (something gets stuck in wall, you can just pick it up and move it)The devs are releasing a ♥♥♥♥load of patches a day showing dedication unlike ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies like EA"
76561198009400548,Not Recommended,230190,30340061,Posted: 5 March,all,Casanovafrankenstein,"After Dungeon Keeper II, this is a real disappointment.  It's poorly designed as a strategy game.  Due to ridiculously short timers, you are expected to build an army to crush a fully organized enemy (or three) while defending yourself from a constant onslaught, with minimal resources and starting from nothing.  There is close to zero dungeon management aspect to it, because you have neither the time nor resources to build your rooms, train your creatures, or research spells.  Atmospherically, it feels a bit like DK2, but redesigned for a higher end platform by someone with no understanding of strategy or dungeon management.  As a result, it's an experience the hyperactive will enjoy, but the thoughtful will find sufficiently frustrating to delete."
76561198090913520,Recommended,230190,30957137,Posted: 5 April,all,Lenkdrache,"Remember Dungeon Keeper?This game is totally a copy of that, but with updated graphics.It is a dream come true!"
76561198040246716,Recommended,230190,16386646,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ph4se,"I'm not a professional reviewer, but I wanted to add a positive review to this game (to help you with your buying decision, and to support the devs)...I've been looking for a Dungeon Keeper replacement for years (and so have a lot of people, clearly). Its one of the only games I've taken off work to go play :)At first, in my search, I came across SpaceBase DF 9, which the developer (Doublefine - not the maker of this game) decided to abandon to make another game, effectively cheating us out of our money... Then there was Maia, which there is still hope for - but it seems to be dwindling...War For The Overworld launched quite buggy, but launched after the above-mentioned titles. I had performance issues (they're all gone) and some game-breaking bugs (had to restart the campaign a couple of times - simply because the end of a mission couldn't be triggerred anymore; everything works perfectly now).Subterranean Games really came through... Not only does War For The Overworld capture that old Dungeon Keeper atmosphere, it nails the gameplay WITH positive additions - and I personally respect the after-purchase patching support to improve the game. These guys are obviously passionate about what they made, and they are working hard, even after release...In short: If you're looking for that old Dungeon Keeper vibe, with new additions that actually improve on it... BUY THIS GAME :)(and like a previous reviewer mentioned, throw in a tip if you can - let's support the good guys for a change)"
76561197978573635,Recommended,230190,32841519,Posted: 26 June,all,Paladin [RSR],"If you liked Dungeon Keeper this game is for you, and if you like RTS."
,Recommended,230190,8207845,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,B-Team | ScrewFearMe,"Did you like Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2?Then this is a game for you, right now its only in beta but so far it looks promising"
76561198022851597,Recommended,230190,14050334,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,☣MLC☣ DARK HELMET,"This game will be full released sometime in february 2015, But i must say i'm very impressed. It takes you back to the days of dungeon keeper 2 and while there are differences in the rooms and characters, they managed to pull off an extremely similar experience with the same narrator from DK2 coming in to to the voiceovers!  I strogly reccommend this game to those of us who loved the dungeon keeper series, and enjoy the RTS genre. The more i played this, the more i liked it. And this game has a TON of potential."
76561197968975589,Recommended,230190,15283994,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,stickman,"i do reccomend this game , BUUUUT wait .even though they say they released the game , it still functions as a game that would be in early beta ?a lot of isseus stil occur. they are working hard , but i suggest you wait for a bit before you buy , when most of buggs are out"
,Recommended,230190,15919181,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mrdifferentiation,"Though it is said that this game is not finished, thoughs people would in some sense be right yes WFTO is still being worked on. HOWEVER i've not seen a team work quite so hard in patching and dishing out new content AND keeping the overlords up to date with the goings on in the void. I can see great things from this game and is a pretty good remake in short and you'd be a fool to miss out!All i can really say is i wish there was more depth in the look and feel of your dungeon. I'd like to see more minions working in different rooms and the rooms be more interactive and have more decorum. I want to see fallen foes looted and their goods sold to others for money in a black market room and the like!All in all they are off to a good start but i'm feeling more Bad than a pure evil Overlord from the dark planes of the void hell bent on power and killing all before me, let them be hero or otherwise!"
76561198068143583,Recommended,230190,8355350,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,geeraph,omg childhood restored i missed dungeon keeper
76561197968972549,Recommended,230190,22700935,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Taste the Magic,"Dungeon Keeper was a fantastic game and I applaud WFTO for picking up the gauntlet that had been discarded for far too long.The game is what you make of it.Dont expect to be fed Blizzard/Square Enix/EA, boundary pushing extravaganzas.This is a game made by serious fans of the genre for the enjoyment of everyone.What's even more commendable is that it is still evolving and being expanded into something more feature rich and polished. The developer has demonstrated a dedication to WFTO and listens to the community.So yes it does require a few more tweaks to some features, but these minor details dont outweigh what is already there to be enjoyed.I will be clocking up many more hours and building many more dungeons."
76561198028139539,Recommended,230190,8235355,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,VatraLion,DK3 that's all i have to say. One of the game series I've grown up with and still love even to this very day. I can't express enough how much I am looking forward to this!
76561198126896403,Not Recommended,230190,33252920,Posted: 4 July,all,FsC,"I Started playing this game when it first got greenlight, here on steam. And I was really excited and had high hopes of re-living  the amazing memories I had with Dungeon Keeper series. I told to myself "" This is it, this game will be the successor of Dungeon Keeper. It was really promising, the feel, the mechanics, everything smelled like nostalgia except the polished up graphics. However, my opinions changed overtime.Most people enjoyed dungeon keeper so much because that game was more of a dungeon simulator than of a RTS. Building your own dungeon, managing your diverse creatures, carefully planning rooms, taking your time to train your creatures and beginning the action at your own leisure. I remember spending 3-4 hours before having any fights with the enemy. I could chose when I want to open my doors to the enemy, and take my time, enjoying my little dungeon get build. However War for the Overworld is much more fast paced compared to it. The maps are quite open ended. There is literally no way or point to plan a dungeon to your liking because most of the time you dig a wall, your dungeon will be wide open almost to %70 of the map. This takes away the simulation and dungeon building aspects of the game, making you play fast and act fast. This also renders traps and doors quite useless because its hard to build a decent sized dungeon with choke points. You can clearly see that this game focuses on Multiplayer elements rather than single player.Also the creatures lookdiverse at the beginning but they lack characteristics. I remember having to build different lairs for different creatures in dungeon keeper, because some of them couldn't get along with each other. You had to seperate flies and spiders, because, well they are natural enemies, or vampires and warlocks etc. And their lairs would grow bigger as they leveled up. And they would also get bigger in size. Between 50 creatures you could easily spot that dragon or bile demon that you trained so much. Those small details made every creature unique in dungeon keeper. However in War for the Overworld every creature feels the same, even though they have different appearances and spells. They just feel like numbers, that's all. Some of them stronger, some of them weaker.There are many other things I dislike about this game. Giving you high hopes of resurrecting a legend but failing to do so. Still worth the price on sale, and if you were a dungeon keeper fan you should have it in your library. But don't get any hopes of reliving Dungeon Keeper otherwise you will be disappointed like me. Just try to enjoy it as a brand new game, not inspired by DK."
76561198074100059,Not Recommended,230190,15536833,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Greenhouse,"Just a shame really. What could've been, what should've been is left feeling hollow and rushed.Campaign is kinda boring, very limited to build space and rooms feel lack luster / cloned. The veins of evil sucks, as it has no depth to it in the slightest.Even tho its the same dude narrating, the scripting just doesn't feel as naturally evil as the DK series.some really good ideas here, but none of them fleshed out or polished at all. People will say its because of small dev team blah blah, but i play and have played a lot of path of exile, GGG prove that you can be small and still be good at juggling business with craft.Looks ok, plays ok, but i wanted so much more from this than a DK wanna be :(stick to the originals"
76561198067249014,Recommended,230190,15192541,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,iPrecision,I still remain hopeful for the game i spent so long playing in my younger years and even today playing.To be reborn in this aspect. Yes it currently has its bugs and they are shoveling out HotFixes to try and clean house as best they can.Got a great dev team that listens to their community.*Cheers*Here's to Dungeon Keeper!Update 7/3: The game is running remarkably smoother after this last patch and i find it much more enjoyable. Keep up that great work!
76561198008088676,Recommended,230190,15245089,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ether Bunny,"I do recommend this game... tentatively.Pros:It's got pretty solid gameplay overall, great sound design, and it's every bit as much fun as running a dungeon as a cackling villain should be.Cons:I bought what was ostensibly the release version, and it's still got a fair number of issues. It's still (as of 6 April) pretty buggy, the doors, shrines, traps, etc don't have any hover descriptions (it shows Prop ID's, but no real description of what you're looking at), there are a fair number of visual glitches, and overall the game really feels unfinished. I knew it was going to be like that at the start so it doesn't really bother me, but it's something to keep in mind before you go to buy it."
,Recommended,230190,23279805,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,NorthStar,"I held off getting this game for awhile because I figured it was another cheap Dungeon Keeper knockoff. Now that I've played it I can definitely say that it's a worthy successor to DK2. More than just a graphical upgrade, with the addition of quality of life improvements like Warbands and Impasses, useful spells like Replacement Earth, and new mechanics like rituals, alchemy, and titans, War for the Overworld is actually a nice improvement over the Dungeon Keeper games, pretty much fixing all the things that were annoying or hard to manage while still adding new complexities and strategies. Skirmish mode and multiplayer make a welcome return as well.Some people report that the game is buggy, but I have only run into a couple small glitches, mostly in the form of minion animations that don't look quite right."
76561197965027905,Recommended,230190,15538693,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,LlewopG,"Always been a fan of Dungeon Keeper and I have high hopes still this game will deliver once the developers have gotten over their initial launch.  I think a lot of people are under the impression this game is ready to play right now but in reality this is still a solid work in progress so you should expect to face some problems.Outside of the launch issues there are some gameplays critiques.  The AI is not the most intelligent, generally i found it easy to fool or work out what triggered a certian event to progress a level forward so i had more time to build up an unbeatable force.  In end i managed to complete the game in less than a day without too much effort.  So sadly i got a bit bored of this by time i reached end, seemed all too repeatative.In comparison to the oringal DK games however I think they have got the interface and general balance of characters down to a tee.  The traps and potential options on dungeon layouts etc make it more interesting than it has been before.I reckon the multiplayer will be real key to this games success, if the can get that right then this will boom, but sadly i would be concerned that they will be able to address enough of the current performance issues before interest is lost and then who would be left to play multiplyer anyway?All round i think its a fun game and really enjoyed strolling down memory lane, but if i was new to this game id be highly frustrated by no wand probably thrown it out the window and never looked back.  Lets hope new gamers can be patient enough to see this game be the success it deserves."
76561198050541096,Recommended,230190,28241225,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,davy_simmons,"DK2 fans will be happy with being an Underlord in this game. Meticulous efforts appear  to have been put  into the game to image what a DK3 would be like? Dungeon heart heals over time after attacked. Great mix of sounds still sound  creepy. Fast paced, full of traps and oddities. Familiar creatures from DK2 with some new minions to rule over. Cannons don't use mana. Some minions sleep and fart too much. Still has slapping and total evil ratings. New feature allows Underloards to"" fill in"" areas mined out. Runs smooth maxed out settings/full action scenes. Loads fast. Lots of gold and plunder to mine and take. Would like to thank developers for making such a game."
76561197995080998,Recommended,230190,15496022,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,【n00b】ᙖuм℘ℱoЯ,"It feels like the old Game in that good ol times.The performance still need to improve a bit.it runs fast on my system3hgz 6 core 16 GB Ram and a GTX 760As a huge Fan of the Dungeon Keeper Series i feel like home. Many aspects they copied... and i love it. traps are same,torture room is the same but they dont die anymore if u dont heal them.Even tho i miss the iron maideden and the hornet reaper i can say u cant be wrong if u buy it when u liked the old Dungeon Keeper  !!Pro:SkilltreeMultiplayer can be vary very much depending on the choice of the points you invest in your your skill treeMany UnitsIts good to be evilIts really fun to playThe creater actually listen to the community and try to fix the bugs..... which is the major fact to buy it.It get patched often and in the future im sure it will be a good game and much fun to play.u can torture units and even burn them to deathContra:At the moment a bit buggy....but i never finished an multiplayer in Dungeon keeper 2 too. So this game is actually better.To easyTo rushySome Units are not so funny like they could be.No Cut Scenes like in the good old Dungeon Keeper.I had to let it run with admin rights and in compatibility mode Windows Vista to get it running.V-synch needs to be disabled to not get "" to many treats error""Performance can be worse if the FOV and Zoom is maxed outThere are big support units at the end. But no hornet reaper"
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,230190,23973747,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Warriorsage,"Unlike most of the reviewers for this game, I am not a frothing Dungeon Keeper fan, so I have reviewed this one simply as fan of RTS games.  Because all I have at stake is the game's technical execution and replay value rather than a holdover chubby from 1999, I cannot recommend War for the Overworld unless you get a massive discount.This isn't to say I didn't have some fun with it.  The game is a hodgepodge of things that have been lovingly crafted, mixed with bizarre design choices and bugs that make it hard to believe only one team worked on it.The story mode is lengthy, and  I never finished the expansion because the game has an absolutely **itty ending that left a bad taste in my mouth.  You have to understand this game has basically zero chill and loves to throw you at the wolves as soon as possible, and for all that work the ending is garbage.  They could have addressed it in the Heart of Gold DLC, but instead they had you play a completely different (though thematically appopriate) underlord.The UI was alright in a functional sense, though if it was possible to switch tabs using hotkeys, the game gave no indication of it.  However, I feel inclined to point out that it lags terribly as a result of some past ""upgrade.""AI pathing is functional, at best.  Your minions have no problems roaming to different areas of your base to meet their needs, but they also have a wide aggro.  Frequently I found the odd minion engaging in battle in some other part of the map (not the roaming fliers) when they were supposed to be at home.  They also didn't seem to have problems walking through lava in later levels, damaging their own health in the process when there was a perfectly good bridge nearby.  Sloppy.Workers deserve a special shoutout.  When not digging out areas you designate or mining gold deposits, there's an array of automated tasks they will engage.  The problem is this process is not bug free.  They typically claim every tile they can, including enemy tiles much to their own detriment, but sometimes they also get ""hung up"" on certain tasks.  I once found all my workers dancing back and forth over a single tile like a bunch of idiots because they couldn't figure out how to claim it.  Other times my crypts were full of dead bodies, and my workers got caught up in picking up dead enemies - and setting them back down again, repeating ad infinitum.  The worker rally flags also do NOTHING when they're stuck like this.  For a game that tried to automate a lot of basic tasks, there's a painful amount of babysitting these little ♥♥♥♥♥.""Controlling"" your units is done via rally flags.  There's a special peace flag to keep certain units from responding to the rally flag calls, and later on when you'll want somebody at home to keep torturing prisoners or making trap parts, you'll have to manually place them under this flag.  Certain other groups get their own flags, like Titans, beasts, or summoned undead.  You can make more warbands if you like with their own flags, but truthfully the game just doesn't need that much micromanagment.  While you can place the flag on specific enemies to prioritize targets, your troops will generally ignore all enemies on the way TO the flag, which means if you want to be smart you have to obsessively place and re-place the damned things for optimal combat.Population control is a mystery.  No, really.  Building your base is essentially setting up work areas for specific types of units, who will show up using an algorithm that is never explained to you.  In theory, the capacity for each work area should determine how many of that unit you get, but it never works out that way.One bug that really stood out to me was technically the last story mission.  The enemy sits inside a magical barrier, which you can do a ritual to remove for thirty seconds.  The enemy is supposed to send waves at you, but he can't pass through the barrier either.  I played for thirty or forty minutes, wiping out side objectives, wondering why everything was so quiet.  When I finally dropped the barrier to attack the main base, a flood of enemy troops ignored ALL of mine, who had been instructed to go into the base and were thus trapped inside when the barrier went back up, and they marched straight to my dungeon core and destroyed it.  I eventually solved the problem by overbuilding, but I really shouldn't have had to do that.I found the banter of the units (and prisoners) entertaining.  The narrator, Richard Ridings, has a voice you never get tired of.  The units and environment had lots of visual details - though the whole game hogs resources so badly your computer will lag for a few minutes even after the game is closed.I did have some fun - really.  But the broad and sweeping nature of the flag system for unit control, along with the bugs and various imbalances (I cleared the toughest map by throwing down disposable and temporary Frost Weavers and having my workers simply take all the enemy's stuff) really minimize the replay and strategic value, and those are two cardinal sins for an RTS game.  Unless you're a Dungeon Keeper fan, pay 15 dollars for the lot of it and not a penny more.*** Special edit to respond to the developer ***Hey Noontide (Lee),The fact that it's an indie game surprised me, because I thought the quality was rather high for such a thing. :)My comment about there seemingly being different teams was mostly about consistency.  Some things were so well-done, and some... were not.The wandering minions thing happened frequently.  I think it had something to do with the layout of the base, and they were simply latching on to enemies far from the dungeon core.  I don't really have any other explanation for it.I did know about the Impasse flags for the workers, and I didn't use them.  I might say it'd be simpler to not have workers claim every tile they can automatically, to make it a manual process instead, but really your solution was just as simple as mine, if not simpler.The workers who were stuck on one tile were eventually dispersed by clearing an adjacent un-mined wall tile.  Them obsessively fussing over bodies when crypts or prisons were full however was only solved by creating more of one or the other, and that's a pretty serious bug.The problem with obsessively placing and re-placing rally flags due to a lack of an ""attack move"" mostly is that it's a type of busywork.  Simple deletion of the flags does not make troops head back to base.  MANY times I found my minions whacking away at enemy doors and such instead of coming home, sometimes further engaging battles until their deaths.  Conceivably, to fix that, I would have to place a rally flag inside my base to get them to ignore everything.  Overall it's a little cumbersome.  Perhaps attack-move should be a separate flag?The population tool-tips explain a lot.  Some of it sounds esoteric, but most of it sounds interesting.  However, being unable to determine the population or composition of the army makes implementing specific strategies unnecessarily difficult by a wide margin.  At this stage you simply have to hope you have enough units, and hope you have enough of the right type to counter the enemy.  Given that it's almost an RNG formula for your army, the relationships between armies are impossible to examine.  Things do seem to pan out anyway, and that's part of the problem.  You just sort of build and hope for the best, which isn't enough meat on the bone for any strategist, and ultimately resulted in the thumbs down.Having said all that, I wish your team the best of luck, you have a decent little gem here and I hope you continue to improve it. :)"
76561198009160814,Recommended,230190,15220264,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,FeelTheFunk,"An hour into play and the commentator said to me ""Your dungeon is wider than your mother"".10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,230190,9031628,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,asyDave,Avoid the EA mobile travesty like the plague - this is the real deal and deserves every penny put towards it.
,Recommended,230190,8643022,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,"Roger ""Verbal"" Kint","You're the master of a dark realm, with one goal and one goal alone; Take. Over. Everything.Dig tunnels and rooms, set booby traps, and slap your minions for being idiots, and soon you'll know why this style game has been an obsession for me for over a decade.Yes, it's beta, and yes there is a LOT for them to add, but with the current quality this is just more reason to buy. In coming months they will add further function, as well as an amazing array of content.Do you like silly remarks from your disembodied advisor voices? Then you're in for a treat. ""One of your minions has filed a formal anonymous complaint""But remember, Keeper. Micro-pigletts stalk your dungeon-BEWARE!"
76561198071936908,Recommended,230190,13306461,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,bigangrywookie101,"If you ever loved Dungeon Keeper, or are interested in trying to actually play the bad guy in an awesome strategy game, this is definitely for you!"
76561198043729939,Recommended,230190,15102964,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Nate,Well almost identical gameplay to Dungeon Keeper two plus so much more content than I could have expected has me absolutely giddy about this game.The only thing I am really picky about is that there is no stun when your creatures are dropped making it possible to just drop them into combat with no consequence.I really can't wait until they finish the campaign but until then I will find endless hours of fun on the other game modes
,Recommended,230190,23244531,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Siege Darkaxe,This is Dungeon Keeper 3... PLain and simple.  If you loved DK 1& 2  you will absolutely love this game.  Stop thinking and buy it now.
76561197985072747,Recommended,230190,15364683,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Fantasy Dungeon Management/RTSI played the original 'Dungeon Keeper' and add on pack to the end back in the day, enjoying them greatly. I bought a game called 'Dungeons' on Steam a few years ago and was dissappointed. It played more like 'the Sims - Dungeon Keeper'.When I saw this game was out and saw a high proportion of negative reviews I had low expectations. However, with a 10% discount and free DLC and some positive reviews I gave them my money and booted it up, with fingers crossed. Oh I am so glad I did!This is the Dungeon Keeper clone we have been waiting for. It stays true to the original game whilst adding enough new stuff to keep it fresh. Also this is just an early build with active work taking place, but it still plays great. The game mechanics work here and I didn't realise how important the RTS element was, making the game more competitive and challenging. True you don't really design a dungeon for adventurers to explore (Sword Coast: Legends will allow you to do this I am sure).You are basically an evil master who encourages minions and sets the hordes against your foes, sometimes stubborn Dwarves and other times your similar skilled brethren. The game plays at a fast enough pace so you don't get bored. I have already gone back to previous campaign missions to chase missing achievements as they are all so much fun. I still have the final two campaign levels to go, and am looking forward to my free DLCIf you are a retro gamer who enjoyed Dungeon Keeper you should like this game; if you are into Fantasy and RTS games you will enjoy this game and if you are both you will LOVE this game!"
,Recommended,230190,11825095,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sakkano,"This game brings me back to Dungeon Keeper. Ah, how I loved those games. I was so excited to see that War for the Overlord is a game using not only the same mechanics, but even Richard Ridings, who's voice is like liquid sex evil.There are a few things I disllike, but it's based in on the fact that the game is still in Beta. There's not really a storyline developed for play yet. There's no multiplayer (Comming Soon™). The few maps that you cna play are really limited in resources.I know these things will get developed and ironed out as work is continued. It is that hope coupled by the warm and evil feelings of nostalgia that led me to buy this game. Don;t worry if you haven;t played Dungeon Keeper 1 and/or 2. It's really not necessary. But I can promise you, when this game reaches it's full potential, I believe it will outshine those other dungeon management games."
,Recommended,230190,33132939,Posted: 2 July,all,Lorgarmor,"This game is a successor to the All-Great Dungeon Keeper Series that I played since my childhood. I think it is developed by parts of the team from the old Bullfrog, which means, it is not a cheap clone or some but indeed sort of Dungeon Keeper 3. Since EA holds the copyright they cannot use this name.The game feels instantly right. It carries on the spirit of the old Dungeon Keepers but with some very nice improvements and innovations. In the old games, you only had Rooms, Creatures, Spells and Defenses. Now, they added new content in the form of some new mechanics namely Rituals, Potions, Constructs and Shrines.Many things are made clearer e.g. the efficiency of rooms is now directly related to the number of ""Props"" and for each prop the number of surrounding fortified walls. Life points and the description of skills of the creatures are also much clearer.One of the best innovations is the number of possibilities that you have with your prisoners. But that you may discover yourself.There are some issues that make this game seem unpolished i.e. sometimes laggy input and UI, too exaggerated possession-POV-effects and some others.But I am very glad, that I finally got this game in a nice sale and very happy with it."
76561198077431291,Recommended,230190,34911828,Posted: 12 September,all,Redscorcher,"Improves on a lot of the dungeon keeper mechanics but takes some steps back in others. It is an enjoyable game, especially if you liked Dungeon Keeper 2. However, the graphics are surprisingly bad in comparison to DK2 and some mechanics feel clunky or overloaded.  There are so many more rooms and mechanics that it can feel overwhelming and I'm only on level 4.  What I liked most about DK2 was how it introducd the new mechanics with a fun level but it feels to be a little lacking in what is basically a remake.Many of the mechanics are lifted directly from Dungeon Keeper, and while monsters are somewhat unique on their own, they perform many of the same functions that troops from DK2 did.  Some of the troops feel kinda stale, and lack the coolness factor that a lot of the art and creatures in DK2 had.You can't expect this fan made successor to live up to all expectations of a true sequel, but it does its best to improve and expand the mechanics of DK2.  It has a long way to go, but I fear it is already too complex for its own good.opinion may change as I play it more, but trying to multitask potions, traps, troops, and mining is often difficult, but maybe I've just lost my dungeon keeper touch.  I like their ideas but it feels like its missing a little something. Maybe making me care more about the characters themselves instead of being bombarded with mechanics and troops.  I remember how cool it was in DK2 to have an army of vampires that could oneshot any troop, but the troops feel sorely lacking in punch and coolness factor that make me feel like im in control of powerful minions.Some of the graphics look clunky, especially the creature animations.  This is unfortunate for such a new game. Despite everything I've said, I still had fun with the nostalgia factor.6/10"
76561198090905255,Recommended,230190,23266240,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Shy Ronnie,"TLDR: Buy the game if you loved DK1 and / or DK2. If your new to the ""franchise"" buy it still, you won't regret it, especially if you love dark humour and room building.As many others have written, this game brings the tear for nostalgia running down your cheek when you launch the first mission. The Dungeon Keeper and DK2 aspect of this game is there, the room building, even the imps have the same animation. I was so surprised how close to the ""old thing"" it was, and how well the old games bugs and glitches were fixed.As I said, it's quite the nostalgia trip.One thing to note though, and I'm sure the devs of this game are aware and trying to fix is that this game has a minor memory leak on longer sessions. Approx. 6 hours in you'll start to freeze lag etc, but is easily fixed through killing the program and starting again, just remember to save your progress. :)One thing that I'd hope is that this game would somehow intertwine the story of where DK2 was headed, as the story was awesome, even though the animation was crap in todays world. But I did feel like the story did somehow intertwine a little with DK2 and DK1 especially.Another request for the developers is the lack of Windowed Fullscreen mode :)"
76561198118709914,Recommended,230190,24923383,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Znarf,"I am so happy.Back in 1997 when Dungeon Keeper was released it changed the gaming landscape. I played it so much and even more its sequels. It was so powerful, immersing and eerie that even a decade later my kids loved playing it and feeling the addiction flowing.Sadly, even the best of things get abandoned and hardware obsoletes. How hard I tried, at some point the game would no longer start. Life continues and legendary play transform into good memories.And now -- without even knowing any suggestion of existence -- I found this... Effectively ""Dungeon Keeper - Remastered"".I played it and I feel the continuation of where I was left in my memory. And it has so much more. Even the atmosphere has become better. I showed it to the kids and they raided my system not willing to surrender it under any circumstance.Devs, thank you so very, very much!"
,Recommended,230190,26272973,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Maximus Renegade Star Soldier,This is Dungeon Keeper 3.
,Recommended,230190,26149168,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Prismaa,"This, this game is Dungeon Keeper 3 that never was, everything in this reminds me of old Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2, I can only recommend this game for fans of Dungeon Keepers!"
76561198018696967,Recommended,230190,8956298,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Onebassplayer,i can clearly see this is the only sussesor to the dungon keeper franchise after ea had turfd up the last remaning dignaty that dungon keeper had on it when relesing there fail atempt at a cash grab of a i phone app  support this game if you ever whant to come close to another dungon keeper game.
76561198164744084,Recommended,230190,15880445,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ryansteff,great game reliving my Dungeon Keeper days :)
76561198150340993,Recommended,230190,16254555,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Vallahd,"What's to say about it that hasn't already been said? It's the spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper. It's got all the same qualities, has an interesting balance between traps and spells, but it doesn't seem like it has enough to be... 100% perfect. The potions are useful but to me don't add enough to the experiance for the price. The traps are great but they're decently mundane. I miss the boulder traps that kill everything, I miss the doors that actually look like doors. Maybe something to add in later renditions of the game? Hopefully. For now, give this a try if you love Dungeon Keeper, it feels like it, it looks like it, it plays very well if you have an up to date computer, and there's the benifit of more comming out in updates."
76561198044052223,Recommended,230190,16021660,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jens,"The game was almost everything i hoped for, the graphics brought me back to those golden days of sitting and playing DK2. The gameplay is pretty polished and works like a charm. I miss a bit more content, but that is on its way.The game is also a bit memory intensive still, but i would attribute that to optimization issues and nothing more, the game is after all still early in its release and i have confidence that the problems will be fixed.I would definetly reccomend this game to others."
76561197964461102,Recommended,230190,15201470,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Stretch,"This is a wonderful and loving return to Bullfrog's Dungeon Keeper series and brings it right up to date. I have played the first 5 levels and enjoyed them immensely.There are some path finding bugs, but i have not had crashes and slowdowns reported by others. With further releases it can only get better.Easily worth the £20."
,Recommended,230190,15208863,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,McS¢ro†ie,just like the good old DK2 with some improvement like the tech three.. still some bug but the developper show some will to fix everything.
,Recommended,230190,13524774,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rubby Rubbten,"Very good base and beta of the game, finsihed the current 'short' cmpagain and cant wait for more!*REASONS TO PLAY*-If you liked dungeon keeper 1/2 (not EA one)-If you like being the bad guy and kill the 'heroes'-Like to stragtegically build a defense to destroy people-Scary beats and evil wariors and such-Like RTS games-Likes being an evil god in control of his own minionsGamemodes:*SURVIVAL MODE*Anyway, I feel that the survival gamemode is too lag-intensive, also there is not enough time to rebuild your defenses and stuff, I had to toggle infinite gold and build midas doors to support the super lag intensive waves of dwarves, ember spirits, behememoths, pigs, and as such, also, I was like how is a person who does not us ethe debug menu survive this? As if they DO break through the doors, kill all your monsters then you die, wait unless your NOT supposed to survive until wave 20 :P my com almost crashed. Anyway fun gamemode! Makes it feel like a tower defense game with endless mode xD*CAMPAGIAN*Want more! I want to kill more goodly heroes! well I felt lazy in the 2nd episode of the campagin and spawned juggernauts in the core xD. Well, enjoyed the story and how its a half tutorial while strategically positioning your units to destroy the enimes miserable forces, feels so good to swarm them and they die in seconds, also currently there wasnt any sort of time limit to the campagian so far so I liked the casual feel to it.*SANDBOX*Ah, my favourite gamemode, you should know why. Play this gamemode if you want to experiment dungeon builds, also if you dig the wrong block you always have the replacment block, so dont worry, buidl your desired dungeon!*MULTIPLAYER*Well... havent tried it yet due to bad internet, sorry []Pros:-Like dungeon keeper-Nice graphics-smooth gamplay(For me)Cons:-Early acess, not much to campagain just yet-Some glitchy pathing here and there-Sometimes monsters just derp out or run in circleOverall:This game is still in early acess, so don't really expect that much, but really excited for the whole game and expect this to be another sucess like dungeon keeper!7/10"
,Recommended,230190,15205856,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,bubbaste,"I never played dungeon keeper on any device, early box or anything, i grw up copying magazine code onto a zx81 then a bbc micro (yay elite) I am only three levels in and still noob, it seems ok, and i can see my self playing this a lot.. but thats not hy i recommed this, why i do so is because its still being improved, the devs are working some proverbials off to make this game a masterpiece.. that's what made me buy into the game. I have to thumb it up."
,Not Recommended,230190,17206252,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,nebbul,"Multiplayer was the only reason I bought this game. Turns out it desyncs very often. Also seem to be using alot of bandwidth - it starts lagging really bad when there's some units in the game (10 minutes in). If you consider buying this game because of the online multiplayer, I would reconsider as it is very poorly implemented.Finding an opponent is impossible if you are solo.. you need to have a friend to play with or find someone random on a forum somewhere to organize a game because trying to find a lobby in game is not an optionSingle player campaign review:Dungeon keeper was a success because of its humour .. this single player campaign was really boringfix multiplayer and this game has potential"
,Recommended,230190,15980851,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,namphibian,"UPDATE:Its good, its very very good or should that be bad.... so nicely dark. After some updates this game is hitting its strides.Old Review:It is definately a good attempt at a Dungeon Keeper. The problem is the game lag quite a bit in certain areas. Also the mini map is about as usefull as a butter knife. Other problems is that the game has some user interface issues. For example the keeper will ask you to click on the flashing tile to place an object however there is no queue as to where this tile might  be and until you find it you cannot click other actions. With no feedback you are left in the darkness about what to do next.In the current state I would not recommend this to anyone who is new to the DK series. However if like me you have been waitting far too long to once afain wreck havoc on the goody two shoes in the overworld this will plug the gap that has been aching in our dark hearts for years.The current issues are resolvable and I hope the developers can take this from good to great with the updates."
76561198025268257,Recommended,230190,15221589,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Defenceless mother of three,Its literaly dungeon keeper 3.
,Recommended,230190,15244784,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ZombieSupaStar,"This review is as of April 6th. If you are looking for the next Dungeon Keeper, this is it. However as of this review there are still many bugs and ""placeholder"" items in place. Normally I would give a thumbs down because of this but I am willing to give the dev's a bit of slack here. However I would reccomend waiting a few months (Summer 2015) if you want a fuller, less buggy package. I however couldn't wait and jumped in the fun, but buggy pool.Pros:*Nice Graphics*Excellent Voice Acting (yay Richard Ridings!)*It's actually Dungeon Keeper!, not a tower defense, nor a Electronic Arts pay2win skinner box!, But straight up Dungeon Keeper!*When it's working correctly, its pretty fun!Cons:*BUGS!*Missing multiplayer/skirmish (as of April)*Placeholder items here and there7.5/10 (as of now)I could see it easily being a 9/10 or 10/10 when its patched & finished."
,Recommended,230190,8981933,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,AyeJayBlade,"""This is the Dungeon Keeper I've been looking for, in your face EA Mythic""Seems more promising every couple of weeks. Of course the experience won't be exactly the same as DK otherwise EA would sue their asses off. The game does have almost everything DK had, just changed slighly, like chickens to 'micropiglets' haha. Still needs a lot of polishing though, like possesion or the health flowers/shield above creatures.It includes a lot more content than you think it would have, like potions which you can drop on creatures or a flag to stop your imps claiming land you don't want to access yet. There all these useful things that you wish you wanted in the original, and I like that. If you convert heroes, they appear evily corrupted, like the Juggernaut has dirty and bloody looking armour, or the Priestess get's a messy dress with red glowy eyes, such small thing make a difference, I love it.It is annoying that people kinda look down at this game because you don't have the classic cast like the Horned Reaper and the fact this was a kickstarted game, but it's not from EA, it's from developers who long time wanted to bring back DK, and it is very promising.tl;dr game is DK with more features and modernisation but needs even more polishing."
,Recommended,230190,28354400,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,JoeBoomz,"I enjoyed playing this game, it's a fun romp down memory lane.  If you loved Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2, you'll enjoy this one.It does have some new ideas tossed in compared to the originals, but stays true to the original gameplay style of those games.The same humor flows throughout the game as the originals had, and the campaign can be taken at a nice enjoyable pace.  I finished it in about 20 hours, taking my time, exploring everything, and having the game speed on slow.The graphics are well done and the audio is fantastic.  You can't go wrong here."
76561198010819081,Recommended,230190,8063306,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,The Almighty Crumpet,"This game, although still in its beta stages, is nothing short of amazing. I am a big fan of the Dungeon Keeper games, and out of all the spiritual successors out there that i've tried, none come close to how good this is. I only hope that with every update they keep up the amazing quality and that when it's finished its just as good and/or better than DK2 :)"
,Recommended,230190,8295441,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KC Jones,"(This Game Is Currently Not Finished Yet)so if you hate buggy games don't buy it. It's still in beta.If you ever played a game called Dungeon keeper or it's sequel (my personal favorite) Then you should get this game... When it's finished. This is not the full game but it is however updating every couple wednesdays and It's looking good each time I see it. It is a RTS but without building, well... buildings. You dig underground and build rooms and each room will summon a creature to fight for you. exsample would be this. Build a library and you'll get cultist which can help you with learning new spells, Build a Foundry and you'll get the Chunder which can build traps and doors for your dungeon, build the Garrison and you'll recieve the Agrue which will defend your dungeon.... like every creature you get. I would recommend going to their website and checking it out.I also recommend this game. I can't wait to try the full game someday."
,Recommended,230190,9033612,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Fror Firebasher,"This game really reminds me of the greatness of  the original Dungeon Keeper, It's in bedrock beta right now, and I've already had some fun with it. It has great potential and I know it will impress me when it's finished. So buy this game, and support the developers so they can finish and make it as amazing as possible."
,Recommended,230190,23605187,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Velkrin,"Played the game the first week or so the game came out, so I got to experience the questionable early builds as they rapidly released patches to fix everything, which was nice.It's basically like Dungeon Keeper 1.5.Fairly short, but fun.The non-build a dungeon levels were fairly annoying however.Overall, if you like DK1 or DK2, odds are you'll enjoy this."
76561198025434087,Recommended,230190,23650107,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,robertdrake910,"I've waited a long while to review this game, and it's a good thing I did.  When I first purchased it something like a year ago, it was still quite buggy and otherwise rough around the edges.  However thanks to dedicated work by the developers (which continues to this day, I might add) this one has blossomed into a wonderful strategy title.Fans of the old Dungeon Keeper games will absolutely love this one, as great care was taken to maintain the same style.  They even got the orignal voice actor who did the disembodied voice in the original games, Richard Ridings, to reprise a similar role for this one.  Added onto that is a number of helpful touches that the DK games lacked, such as more powerful tools to help direct your worker imps or restrict their movements in case of encroaching hostile territory.It's superb as a nostaligia title, but also excellent as a strategy game in its own right.  Even if you've never heard of Dungeon Keeper, you'll want to check this one out for what will in your innocent eyes be a completely original style of game, unique with respect to most other strategy games.  It is something like an RTS mixed with small elements of city sim.  You will need to feed and pay your minions to keep them happy, requiring you to construct proper dungeon rooms to do these things.  They will also need beds for them to sleep in, and will benefit from various other dungeon rooms such as training facilities.  Knowing where and when to build which facilities is crucial to developing a powerful fighting force.  Added to this is the ability to construct various defenses to keep your dungeon secure from over zealous heroes and other threats.Once you have built a powerful army, you can direct them into combat by placing rally flags.  You can also speed them along by grabbing them up with your ""Hand of Evil"" (aka, mouse cursor) and transporting them 10 at a time instantaneously across your dungeon toward the attack target.  Your minions each have unique abilities which they will employ in combat automatically, such as spinning attacks and hex magic.  You can also assist them directly by using your own dark magics to heal and buff your minions or damage and debuff the enemy.  Finally, should you desire a more personal touch, you can possess a minion's body to hack away at the enemy in first-person mode (which will dramatically boost the effectiveness of that minion when compared with computer control).Fantastic Game, absolutely worth the modest price tag.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,230190,22514664,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,CPTMorganrum,"To all you ex-Dungeon Keeper 2 players looking to reignite your love of the game....Buy this game! But beware things are a little different this time.....At first, I was weary of the deviations from DK2 (of which there are many), and wasn't exactly sure if I liked it or not, but over time, I've come to believe this game is actually an improvement on the original.Pros:+Relive DK2 fun in a new and challenging way.+Map editors+Great game mechanics (skills trees, mana locking, sanctuarys etc.)+MultiplayerCons:-Relentless AI (surely this can be toned down?)-The add crash or glitch (particulary on multiplayer)The single player is great fun, and a great way to learn how the new game functions. My main grievance is just how relentless the AI is. It really is ridiculously hard sometimes.Features such as mana locking and skills tree seem annoying at first, but you begin to realise that it's a mechanic that actually makes gameplay far more enjoyable in the long run.For me the multiplayer is the best (and sometime worst) part of the game. This is the closest I've come to reliving those glory days of LAN'ing DK2 with friends, so I can't recommend this game enough for this reason alone. My main frustration comes from the odd crash when a large battle starts (which lets be honest, was far more regular on the orginal DK2). The game is far less geared toward defence (compared with DK2), so rather than lengthly stalemates, games can be won/lost within half an hour or so.In short, this game is will delight those familiar with DK2, but will still provide a new challenge with it's tweaking on the mechanics. There are still the odd glitches which need to be ironed out, but these are few and far between, and don't effect the overall enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,230190,23282229,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"I renamed a shortcut of this game to ""Dungeon Keeper 3"". Because that's what it is. I waited for Dungeon Keeper 3 for a decade, and wasn't disappointed in WftO in the least.It has the same core mechanics, the same dark humor and even the same voice actor for narration, while adding new elements into the mix, such as very nice visuals, new creatures, new rooms, new spells (+ rituals, really OP spells which cost no mana, but have to be channeled in a special room first), new story and sins system (think of a skill tree, but with rooms/spells/constructs instead of usual skills).Also, there are skins for dungeons. And they all are amazing."
76561198007187961,Recommended,230190,8816151,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,J3w Jitsu,"Dungeon Keeper Series lives on, awesome. nuff said"
76561198055121346,Recommended,230190,8340086,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,madeye.mcbaine,"This is truning into a wonderful reminder of the old Dungeon Keeper Series.... I highly recommend it for all those who wish horny would make another appearance. The graphics are similar the controls are evolving and the game play is cool... The music is also right in there as cool, enjoy :)"
76561198050091087,Recommended,230190,24150822,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,QUAZ,If you were a fan of the original Dungeon Keeper games you NEED to play this game. Never mind the name - this game IS DK3 through and through. I just picked this up on the Summer sale 2016 and cant stop playing it. I had been longing for another Dungeon Keeper game but sadly Bullfrog closed its doors  many years ago. Another company came out with Dungeon and Dungeon2 and were an ok attempt to make something similar but were just lacking something that the Dungeon Keeper games had. War for the Overworld brings it and then some and is a true homage and continuation to a great series. They even got the original voice actor from the first two DK games to narrate. Simply amazing. 9.5/10
,Recommended,230190,10301803,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PureFunkayy,"I have been waiting a long, long time to play a complete and faithful remake of Dungeon Keeper 2 and here we have it. Yes it's in Beta but thats where things get added and improved, but for now it's brilliant. It takes me back to when I was in school and all I would do when I came home would be to play Dungeon Keeper 2! Brilliant!"
76561197973250844,Recommended,230190,7881171,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,FrankDrebin,The first real successor to Dungeon Keeper. If you liked Dungeon Keeper this game is definitely worth a try when it reaches gold.
,Recommended,230190,12282222,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ODove,"The long awaited sequel to DK2 has arrived, however, by an unexpected team of way more skilled Devs, good show, highly recommend!"
,Recommended,230190,13129486,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PeXeL,"I was hoping WFTO would replace the old DK series. And my hopes were justified. Let's see what we have by the end of November:- Dark and evil feel of the old DK games- Same old mechanics and UI (very similar to DK2)- A research panel (you choose researches of all the rooms / spells / etc... yourself)- Few levels and sandox to play with so farIt's still in beta and feels incomplete in some aspects, but I hope they'll finish it all in time.If you are a true fan of the DK series, this game is a must!"
76561198045774472,Recommended,230190,11148585,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MaRkV,"This is a bit of a difficult one. Do I recommend War for the Underworld? Yes.... and a tiny bit no. Yes because what is there is great; I know there are a lot of people talking about this being the best of its type since Dungeon Keeper, and without a doubt they will be right. However the""no""part comes because there is still work to be done on it. This said however, I have to say that the devs are listening to what people are saying, (this is not true of all early access games), and they admit that there is a way to go to fulfill the potential that this game offers.The gameplay is just what I was hoping for. There are areas that need to be polished, the graphics need to be optimised and more demons would be great. Both of these are targeted for work, the list is available on the steam store page.The demons are lovely; the graphics are just right, the lighting is perfect and this gives the feel that you need for this type of game. To complete an action, be it destroy a wall or lay a flagstone, takes time but this is not too long and I don't think too quick either. Multiple workers will flood into an area if there is plenty of work to do and tackle multiple jobs. This means that you are not haging around waiting for stuff to happen; always a good sign.Am I happy with the game? Yes, most definitely. Could I be happier? Well, I suppose so; once the graphics are optimised and there are more demons and rooms. That said, I know that this is an early access game and I am not playing a game that is finished. I am playing a game that is in development and is actively be developed, unlike some other early access games. Will you enjoy it? If you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper and have missed it then yes, buy it now. If you  enjoyed Dungeon Keeper and have missed it but want the polished, optimised game so you can get on with building your own little underworld then perhaps you should wait a bit longer.But I have to say that I am glad I am in at this stage for this game; some of the early access games seem to be a way of earning extra cash for the developers who have no intention of producing a finished product. I am pleased to report that I would be extremely surprised if this is one of those!!!!EDIT:The latest update has added better optimised graphics so that is one of my comments being looked at along with new minions and rooms, what more could someone ask for?So far I am right about the developers caring about this game. Every week we find out what is happening with the game and, unlike some early access projects what they talk about is then actually acted upon and implemented. What more could you ask for?"
76561198030840424,Recommended,230190,16298811,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,intenselygoodtime,"Ths is the true spritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper series -- all the way down to the same voice actor for the announcer!However, the system requirements are so high (or perhaps it's a lack of optimization for mid-range systems?) that the game becomes unplayable on larger maps.I *VERY* much want to play this game four dozens -- perhaps hundreds -- of hours, but can't even continue the campaign without a substantial system upgrade to bring it into the stable 20-30FPS range.   It's 5-10FPS on large maps for me right now.  Maybe next year?So in summary:  If you have a high-end system, PLAY THIS GAME!  It's like DK3 would/should have been... lots of new toys, traps, and depth."
76561198035862213,Recommended,230190,30893448,Posted: 1 April,all,Jeebster,"As someone who absolutely loved Dungeon Keeper 2 back in the day, War For The Overworld does an awesome job of bringing you the same experience, but in a much more modern and better looking package. Single player campaigns are fun, but are not much more challenging than the single player campaigns from DK2. Skirmish options are great however, and hard AI actually means HARD. All in all, this is a definite must-have for people who were fans of DK2."
76561198027994280,Recommended,230190,22864003,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ismaru,"Great game. Especially fun if you like the Dungeon Keeper series. It felt like ""Dungeon Keeper 3"" to me, which I really consider a compliment!Pro'sReally brings you back to the good old days, playing the bad guy for once instead!Very original strategy game, trying to attract creatures based on certain roomsTakes many good ideas from the Dungeon Keeper series and improved on them or made quality-of-life improvementsConsCreature spawning mechanics and dictating which creatures you get are two things I still don't understand. Certain rooms attract certain creatures, but which ones spawn and how many you can get max etc. confused me all the way up to the endThere's no ""priority list"" like in games such at the Settlers where you can force certain actions to have priority over other. For example where to bring defeated monsters (to the crypt, or the prison for.. other uses? :D ).It felt easier than the Dungeon Keeper series. Then again I was younger when I played that so it could've been due to that, too.I would've loved if the game had even more rooms and ""forces"" you to decide on a certain build, like focussing on sorcery, invest heavily into beasts, conversion of enemies, traps & alchemy, or just raw muscle power via the training room. Right now you can do everything really well and I often ended up trying to challenge myself by picking one.All in all, an awesome game!Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198036720365,Recommended,230190,30822842,Posted: 29 March,all,Nahlar,"Despite some infuriating aspects I really enjoy this game.It is Dungeon Keeper reborn for a new age and I love that. Im also a huge fan of the added complexity and depth introduced by potions and the construct system for example.The game is being constantly updated and that always seems to help. The version im playing now is VASTLY superior to the one I played in 2013.One of my biggest frustrations has always been and continues to be the combat. Its. SO. Frustrating. Whther you're trying to claim one tlie only for the AI to drop their entire army on you or not being able to really tell which of your minions are good at what in combat so you resort to just throwing them all at an enemy. I like the units but the more esoteric naming leads to a lack of transparency in the power of certain units DK kept its classes relatively simple for a reason, while I love the creativity of the new creatures, it doesnt strike me as a good idea game design wise.The other biggest frustration...and this is just a horribly bad design idea all round as far as I can see. Is that you can no longer pick your creatures up if they are not on your territory. This has led to me having to slap my creatures to death on mroe than one occasion as there is a lot of creatures that roam freely into enemy territory and will stay there....fighting....until they die....giving the enemy creatures free experience. When killing your own creatures becomes a valid strategy....something has gone horribly wrong. I can understand it being there for Multiplayer, but in Singleplayer its just annoying.Im marking it as recommend because I do love what theyve done and what theyre trying to do. And I have confidence in the developers to fix issues. However my experience with the game is mostly frustration due to the combat at this point. Other reviews mention the frantic pacing and the lack of time available to actually....keep a dungeon, this does hold somewhat true in places, particularly the main campaign. And I think this issue is exaspartated by the frustrating combat whenever a foe is actually encountered.Thats my only issues really, fix up the combat to be a bit less ""throw things at them"" and let us pick up our goddamn creatures when in singleplayer.When it comes to updates maybe the developers should focus less on adding new game modes and fixing fundamental issues that - in my opinion - have existed since day one.And this is a very personal thing to me....but I loved the slight colour tinge/grade on the dungeon in Dungeon Keeper 2 and Id love to see that in WFTO, something that makes it less....brown.Apart from those (not insignificant issues). Yeah. You can have a lot of fun with this. I do :p"
76561198058571887,Recommended,230190,14725664,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,chibirini85,"Love this game. I know it's not complete yet and it lacks a safe feature in the sandbox mode but it is very entertaining, I bought it and played it for like 2 hours straight and it only felt like 5 mins. Thats how you know its a great game! Totally worth the price tag but if you don't like beta games then wait until its finished. I like beta games and I totally recommend it!!! <3"
76561197970080242,Recommended,230190,11758669,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LK,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper & Dungeon Keeper 2, you will love this!This is more or less Dungeon Keeper 3, but with new graphics and effects.This game will bring back your good old memories from the late 90's!"
,Recommended,230190,2195796,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Dethpool,"Slowly shaping to be the true Successor to the famous DK games.Cannot recommend yet, as it is still in early beta.But its getting there & the feeling is already there.Also Richard Ridings is doing the Narrator again!!"
76561198016007664,Recommended,230190,15220067,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kruule,"I don't normally write reviews but I think this game deserves one.  At launch there was a few bugs that I found but they were very quick to fix them and turned it around.  For those who love DK1&2, this is an amazing remake with it's own twist.  I did find the campaign good, but felt a little short.  Looking forward to seeing upcoming DLC, maps and mods and hope we don't have to wait too long.I would definately recommend this game to everyone who love the DK games.  Now if someone would do a remake of Evil Genius."
76561198047668239,Recommended,230190,19662206,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vagor_ari,"Love it, as close to DK 3 as i could have hoped for. I bought it at patch 1.3 and have found it to have no obvious problems/bugs. I was delighted to hear  Richard Ridings back as narrator (he did the original games)"
76561198026433975,Recommended,230190,26219393,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Freighter,"A unique RTS that focuses on you building your dungeon and making sure its balanced, provides food, bed and other needs *cough*VAMPIRES*cough*  for your army of minions. Sounds easy but as the difficulty ramps up and more is added to the mix you may end up with somthing like three of your own animated gold statues that you built and trained turning on you because you cant afford the gold to keep them running, oh yeah there are enemies too.Its an RTS game with a twist. Your minions act however they see fit. You may influence their decision, but outside of the posession spell and the banner that says ""Attack Here"" you and your opponent have little to no direct control of any outcome in this game.For everyone who was a fan of the 2 dungeon keeper games this game is not only inspired by it but pays tribute to it many times, and thats just within the passive dialogue.Great game, Every bit as good as its predecessors but with more stuff.By the way. In this game. You are the bad guy. :)"
,Recommended,230190,15986616,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,King of the Losers,"I really love Dungeon Keeper, and War for the Overworld does an adequate job filling it's shoesIt sadly is not quite as good. The interactions and interface are counter intuitive and the training system is subpar at best.But I can recommend this game for any one who wants a quick and easy call back to Aggro-RTS games."
76561198052600404,Not Recommended,230190,15470292,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Arxean,"HelloAs someone who liked the old dungeon keeper games, when I saw this game go on kickstarter I was very excited about it. This genre of game is unique in a sense that you are the evil. You build a kingdom but you cannot control those who join your cause and your style of building defines what archetype of mobs join you.I must say that for a game that has just released it is to be expected to have a slightly buggy experience, however in this case there really are bugs everywhere. The game feels unfinished. When you open up the menu after installing and click multiplayer the first thing that prompts up is, this will be patched in. The same happens when you click survival mode, and when you click skirmish there is a shocking three maps. The only fully functional mode as of right now is the campaign. This was already a huge letdown, minutes after finishing my download.I didn't let it phase me and I went for the campaign. Now from the very start I ran into bugs and problems. As a former dungeon keeper player and with many games behind my belt I have a good idea on how to play games. Now this is very important because the tutorial is horrible. They barely scrape the surface of what buildings do, there is no explanation what so ever how the controls work. I was unable to move my camera, had issues with targetting. You'd figure okay, I will read the tooltips but frankly, there are no useful tooltips anywhere in the game to be found. Mostly there are placeholders from an early alpha build. ""shrine prop siege"" doesn't tell me what it does? The big thing for this game is the micro management of the buildings, however there is no explanation on how the sizes of your exhibits have to be in order to recruit units. The props are invisible. And you can slap units but there is no real talk on how it affects efficiency.So I went in completely blind. Now the early campaign maps are fairly easy, straightforward objectives and simple tasks. With no time pressure that is good. The only problem is that you cannot build anything else while you have a certain task. Build a X on this tile. Then you cannot continue to do what you were doing, it forces you to do something specific, some of the cutscene 'talks' appear to be unskippable and this is just tiny annoyances everywhere.I pushed onward, in a quite bad mood now. And then I encountered many little bugs. I summoned a vampire, it went mad. Started killing my units but I had no idea how to fix that. Everytime I cast a scouting ritual my pc froze up completely. Now I have a really expensive modern pc less than two months old. That is just bad scripting. Lag, delay and crashes occurred regulary. I had units bug into the wall and frankly no idea what half of the spells, flasks or shrines are for. The possesion spell, which was a huge thing, is completely broken.So yes. I did finish the campaign. It took me roughly 12 hours. I only had to restart one map which I failed on my part. So through the buggy experience I can say that the campaign has a good design, it is versatile and interesting. The small storyline has a funny plot to it. But its so dissatisfyingly short, and the experience was a chain hindrance of little problems that I can't say I fully enjoyed it. There was no map that was challenging in the entire campaign and by the time most buildings and plots are revealed you are done.I then decided to take on the AI in skirmishes just to see what the full experience would be like. Considering I hadn't had that strong opponents in the campaign. Now I took on every AI setting on master, they were challenging. So I will say that the game definatly has potential. It is fun in design, fun in concept and I'm sure that with some more patches and content this will be a good game. For those who have seen the totalbiscuit WTF video, what he says is very true. This game looks like it will be worthwhile, in 6months or more to come. As of right now, I cannot recommend this game. I personally found it fun, but I am dissapointed in what I consider a premature release and I hope the developpers will put effort into this game, and make it great. As I think it can be."
76561197985641527,Recommended,230190,12277302,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BenjiMac,"Early access done properly and a game that is respectful of it's influences. Regular updates, assets and game play done to the highest standard. This is one of the few games on Steam I can recommend picking up early. However, I wouldn't recommend playing it early - what is there presently s very solid and produced to a high standard, but developing a game properly takes time and this is more of an investment in my eyes. A game that is shaping up to be fantastic but due to a focus on doing things properly and promptly as opposed to just quickly, functionality is still lacking compared to what the final product should offer. That said, patching and updates are both regular and frequent and what is already in place is very enjoyable and picking it up on the cheap now is a definite good call.If you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper - and who didn't? - this is well worth your cash-moniez."
,Recommended,230190,15223242,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,El-Trev,"Loving this so far, as a old dungeon keeper fan this takes from the previous two and improves on it ( in my opinion) More beasts and less human creatures <3, New flavourful rooms <3, new rituals and potions on top of the normal spells which is great but if you're like me you'll forget to use them but they are handy! and last but not least something which previous attempts at recreating my fav game you don't have full controle ove rthe minions you use rally flags which is the best as thats what made the game fun for me, not having full controle.Bare with the bugs and performance as it's a work in progress but definatly worth it!"
,Recommended,230190,15220981,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Monty,"True to the spirit of Dungeon Keeper, with a fea very good changes to the formula that add inoovative and interesting game play.The game needs a bit of polish, especially in the UI. The developers seem to be rapidly addressing the outstanding issues, and this game is on track to become a classic."
76561198035479513,Recommended,230190,15758180,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Elnar,"So far, this game is mostly what I hoped it would be. I waited until the bumpy release to buy it, and so far, I haven't run into any bugs other than an occassional spike in lag when I use the ritual which reveals the whole map at once for ten seconds.The art is mostly pleasing, though I tend to like how the hero faction's theme was designed more than the standard Underlord theme. The game so far does a good job at introducing you to key concepts without making the tutorial seem dull, even for an RTS/Dungeon Keeper 1/2 player like me. The campaign can be challenging at times, but a little easy at others. As of now, there are few skirmish maps, but there will be a patch soon that will supposedly add quite a number of maps, which has me pleased. The best thing, though, would be to release a map editor to conjoin with the steam workshop or something so that the game makers can allow the community to create their own maps.For personal tastes, I like and have a hard time accepting this game at times. I like how diverse you can make your forces on the campaign, but limiting things in skirmish maps based on technology (Sin) trees seems silly in the sense that if I play long enough, I'd like to have access to everything available, rather than be limited in what I can do longterm. Along with that, I have a problem with the types of available creatures in the game- nothing seems to be like an ""end-game"" level creature other than the super-creatures, which you can't upgrade or train at all, and you can only ever get one. While I LOVE the hero units because I like the idea of having my own super minion, I'd like for the ""1"" on their HP flower to be a non-number icon, or to allow the supers to level to 10. This would clear up confusion like how I had when I spent a massive amount of time on XP potions in an attempt to level up my Eternal minion. Continuing on this creature-focused section, I think there should be more ""high-end"" creatures. Right now, the best creatures at the further points of the Sin tree are mostly casters or support-type creatures. The exception to this are the Shadow/Bafu, which in all honesty are not THAT beefy (I'm thinking Black Knights from DK2), and are difficult to train since the Beastmasters can't train the creatures as quickly as some of your intelligent minions can train. To be fair, though, it seems that the beast talent path is designed for aggro strategies, which means their high-end units won't be that incredible. The neutral tree basically only offers casters, which are all nice to have at times, but they don't offer a real frontline other than with the horde of ghouls your Necromancers can build up over time. That being said, the necromancers themselves are incredibly vulnerable to well-placed lightning strikes from your opponents, which can make all of the hard work from your ghoul farming go to waste in a matter of seconds. The defense tree offer the Augre, which is as close to a true tank of a non-super minion. Even so, they are not exactly what I was hoping for. What I hope for in the future, is an addition of the variety of creatures in both theme and purpose. Right now it seems that the main design of the creatures is ""beast/beast humanoid,"" with a couple of demons and a human and a couple of undead for spice. While I love the addition of the beasts and all, it would be great to have more ""dark humans,"" demons, and undead to accompany the beasts abd beast-men.~~~~~~TLDR:Pros:-Keeps the Spirit of DK2 gameplay-Campaign has good pace for the most part-Few Bugs now-Gameplay is mostly funCons:-Rocky release-Lag when using a very specific ritual-Lag if you keep the game runing on the main menu for too long (occasionally)-No map editorWould be cons if they weren't being fixed:-Low amount of Skirmish Maps (adding more soon)-Bugs in Survival Mode (fixing soon)Personal Preference Stuff:-Creature diversity seems to be off (Too many beastial types and not enough demons/humans/undead/other)-Narrator sounded better as a snide aide/friend (DK2) as opposed to an arrogant, omniscient demon god-The narrator can be hilarious at times-The voice acting on the enemy dungeon lords is very good at times-The graphics are pleasing"
76561198037138569,Recommended,230190,12319401,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,GordnBenit,"As a massive fan of the Dungeon Keeper games, I cannot express the joy I felt when stumbling upon this.It's everything I wanted to see in a new DK game, and more. New rooms, new creatures, new game mechanics, and of course not to mention new graphics, it's really exciting to see where this project is going because they've done a damn good job this far in development already.Those unfamiliar with the game-style in question should consider researching the Dungeon Keeper series (or just watch a gameplay video) for this is no ordinary RTS, it is one of the few games falling under the category of RTS/FPS hybrid: feel like touring the layout of your dungeon from the perspective of your minions? Well go ahead and tap right into their skulls! Admiring the detail the developers have clearly put into the various dungeon rooms from up close is a feeling no other game can replicate for me, a particular reason which makes the franchise as a whole so unique.I would buy the game twice I'm that happy with it, but I'm broke and have no need for a second copy therefore I will not be doing that"
76561198054039669,Recommended,230190,15193545,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Deja Vroom!,"After playing this game for about 10 hours, I feel I can write a faily solid review in relativity to the state the game is now in under release.This game is a surprisingly amazing throwback and spiritual successor to Bullfrog's series Dungeon keeper. The gameplay is a breath of fresh air in an industry over saturated with Indie Devs creating stale replications of more popular games.This game features dungeon building (which is amazingly satisfying), RTS elements. And economic balancing. Kind of a Towns/RTS if you will. The game features 4 modes, Campaign. Survival, Skirmish, and sandbox. (Multiplayer skirmish)Campain acts as a story setting and tutorial for the game's research system, building and running your dungeon effectively. With brilliantly evil voice acting, fun and exciting missions that challenge your abilities as an Underlord. Campaign will keep you busy for hours and help you refine your skills as an underlord.Skirmish is unfinished but the basic format for a skirmish game is 2 or more Underlords facing off in an attempt to destroy eachother's dungeon core (Larger player games are being worked on) This game gives you a fully unlocked Veins of evil tree to research the rooms nessesary to defeat the opposing player.Survival is very much what is says on the box, and like skirmish, is still relatively under construction. Survival places you in a premade dungeon and gives you 3 lanes to defend where opposing heroes will try and breach your dungeon's defences and destroy your core. Sounds simple right? Its hard. Really hard. Good luck.And sandbox, a dungeon building wonderland, where the game gives you the freedom to construct a dungeon of ludicrous size, and this mode, as free as it is, will only last you a certain amount of time, as the lack of enemy contact makes it feel.. empty at best after all of your rooms have been made.At the time of review I can give this game my approval and definetly recommend this to any person who is a fan or the original Dungeon keeper series. And anyone who is a fan of RTS and ""Towns"" Style games. But do not be afraid to try if you normally stray away from these styles of games! This game has somthing for everyone, and deserves as many sales as possible.However, this game is still for the most part, an unfinished release and I have to deduct points for that. But the negatives far outweigh the positives in my eyes, and everyone should keep this game in mind, even if you don't plan on buying immediately post lauch. Please keep this in mind.Credit is given where credit is due as Subterranean games breaths fresh life into a industry that is lacking new ideas recently (At least in my opinion) This game is a work of art and deserves your money.I rate this game a solid 6/10 in its current state. I'm sure the score will rise to a 7/10 or a 8/10 in coming patches.I have had tremendous fun so far with this game, and cannot wait for more content to arrive as Subterranean games have promised in free updates post launch. If you are looking for a solid throwback to Dungeon Keeper, and a great new IP to keep you busy for hours. War for the Overworld Certainly deserves to be a game in your library."
76561198030895752,Recommended,230190,15207460,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Asteyr,"Look and Feel of Dungeon Keeper, blah blah, as you can read in numerous other reviews.Game occasionally slows down, seemingly when the AI is trying to cope with the players tactics (or the lack of it), but no crashes or game-breaking bugs here so far.Given the rate at which the Developer pumps out Patches, I am not worried about the game becoming ""finished"". The game sure needs more polishing, especially in the technical areas, to have it run smoother and less resource demanding, but despite that it´s fun ...and that´s what counts in the end, eh?Big plus on the voice acting side, the atmosphere while playing is fantastic, really nostalgic. I´d say buy it and enjoy it if you liked Dungeon Keeper and the likes."
,Recommended,230190,15207766,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Harbinger,A very fun to play game if you are a fan of dungeon management. A bit buggy in the current state but the devs are working overtime to fix everything. I have reached the final mission of campaign and the story is interesting. Can't wait to play multiplayer and survival mode !
76561197988823556,Recommended,230190,15222159,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Libla,This is how you upgrade old game with better graphics and new ideas. The feeling is spot on comparing to old Dungeon Keepers.***********************************This is The Dungeon Keeper 3you have been looking for***********************************
76561198086047337,Recommended,230190,15188360,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Baelmung,"I have been seeing alot of negaite reviews for this game, so I decided to post one that I think is fair.The first question I will answer is if I recommend this game to others: Of course I do. I have supported this game for a long time and watched it grow. If you are looking for a dungeon management/ rts like game, then this si the one you should get. The voice acting is fantastic. Some of the quotes in the game caught me completely off guard while I was playing, for instance he says, ""You did buy this game right?"" while I was taking forever to clear a campaign level. Also, the AI in the game has a great range for all skill types. You can put it on easy as you learn the game, and there is even a specific AI that was built, which opperates in the rules of the game, that is near impossible to beat. Thus, there is challenege for all players. I have just finished my forst 10 hours of the game and I cannot wait to put many more in.Now to talk about how everyone is complaining about the bugs in the game:Yes , there are some bugs in the final release and not all modes are fully functional and in prototype phase. The game is fun to play now, reguardless of bugs. Also, the dev's for this game are amazing. It has only been out for a day and there has been 4 or 5 updates in fixing to fix the bugs. Yes, some people are frustrated with the bugs, but I feel as if the game is very enjoyable even with them. Some features like survival are still in prototype and will be fully functional in the near future. I wanted to comment on the fact that I have played the survival prototype and it works very well as is.Overall, this is a fantastic game and it was worth the few years wait in order to enjoy this game. The dev's are great with their community and I see them respond in the forums daily. Do not walk away from this game just because of a few bugs. Buy it, enjoy it, and tell others the same so this game doesn't die due to others throwing a fit over a few bugs."
76561198044720021,Recommended,230190,16179921,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,General Admission,A proper successor to the old Dungeon Keeper series..
,Not Recommended,230190,18513776,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DeviateDEFiANT,"Avid Dungeon Keeper fan, started playing it just 6 years old. I've owned this game since it first dropped on the workshop, I've followed it's progress throughout, occasionally launching the game to have a quick peek then waiting till it was done.Finally let myself play the campaign now I figured it would be polished enough months after release.Bugs, just bugs everywhere. First impression, stutter before the menu loaded, then the button disappeared whenever I hovered over them, then when I finally manager to change screen resolution I had to force shut the application and restart to get it working again. On load the second time menu items white checkerboard everywhere, glitching and lagging into the campaign menu. I so want this game to be good.Into the first level, seems fairly okay, dialogue lines are being repeated randomly, adnimations are a bit wooden, but whatever, nostalgia overload - graphics are pretty awesome and Richard Ridings sounds awesome - I could see it being stellar. Second level, well I had to play the first one again for whatever reason, but when it eventually loaded the first condition of with selecting a ""Vein of Evil"" couldn't be done because it wasn't an option on the panel, trying to exit the game I had to force quit because once again the menu wouldn't load.I can't believe after a couple of years this game is still unplayable. I've seen how much work the devs have put in, but I just get the impression it launched too soon (maybe for cashflow reasons), and it's several revisions in and still pretty unplayable, at least for me.I want this game to be good, guess I'll check back in after another few versions to see if it's sorted yet."
76561197992837846,Not Recommended,230190,15634828,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rolf,Still needs lots of polish and refining at this time.  Lots.
76561198023955697,Recommended,230190,8954464,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Ancient,"Dungeon Keeper was in a class of its own. While I am unsure as to whether or not this game can live up to its predecessors, it will no doubt come close, in light of the content I have already seen. It still gives you that feeling of badass and divinity, aswell as expands upon what Bullfrog originally wanted, such as the Veins of Evil, giving you the ability to buy rooms and spells and such. While it may be merely a skeleton right now, it has the potential to become a powerhouse, and perhaps even its own series of games."
,Recommended,230190,9003083,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,.py,"Still in beta , but a great game so far. Closest thing to DK3 out there.The Linux support is nice too."
,Recommended,230190,16417807,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,skrolk,"This is the first time I've bothered to post a review.I didn't play this game at release when it was said to have a lot of problems - I bought it this past weekend with the news that patch 1.1 fixed a lot of issues.Quite simply, I loved it. I never played dungeon keeper as a kid but I picked them up and played them a bit a few years ago. I loved the concept but the age of the games made it a little difficult for me.If you're looking for a modern dungeon keeper, get this. The devs have worked hard to put it right and in my mind they've succeeded. I really had a blast bingeing through the campaign and I intend to keep skirmishing for some time. Looking forward to trying out the survival mode too."
,Recommended,230190,12274399,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Paploo10,"have you played the amazingnus that is this game!the (in my opinion) soon to be spiritual sucsesser of the dungeon keeper franchise,it includes most hey game mechanics like creatures needing food rest and content, it also keeps the idea that your an anti hero fighting self rightous heros and lords of the land!the game is in beta so its glitch freindly and crash freindly! war for the overworld may have a twenty dollar price tag, (i think)but for a room buiolding game thats already fun and still in beta makes you of how minecraft was still alot of fun in beta!8/10"
,Recommended,230190,16647481,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kaydee,"Any fan of the Ol' Good Dungeon Keeper series MUST play this game.Anyone who have waited for DK 3 MUST play this game.The developers have brought back what DK series were shining at, and brought everything back with the original playability, with crisp gorgeous HD graphics.The original evil concierge voice that was in DK2 is here, with occational fun punch lines during play - although they tend to repeat what is said not 5 minutes ago.The graphics and in-game props are almost similar to that of DK2, along with the same pickaxe holding hand. - But in higher polygon count and higher texture quality, and the devs. have managed to have the feel of DK series.The game play goes same, from the ol' trusty imp slapping, lightning spells that fries whatnots, to that of 5X5 tiles which bother those with OCDs (like myself).Well made, well played."
76561198054588064,Recommended,230190,9963839,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,mrtnptrs,"Edit (12 June 2014): Since version 0.4.2 the OS X build and the Linux build are working well again! The game is also much more stable as it was when I wrote this review. The developers now also actively involve the users of WFTO in testing the game; they now often release previews in which the newest features and fixes are available at a seperate beta-branch at Steam. WFTO also works well if you have a low-end-machine, so don't worry about that. And if it does not work right on your low-end-machine; the developers will do more optimatization to WFTO in the comming versions, so it even runs faster as it already does! :)This will maybe be even better then Dungeon Keeper; it now has a lot of rooms, many characters and very nice graphics. The 20 euros are worth it! The developers give everyone even acces to pre-beta, so you can test the newest content and maybe even report bugs to help the developers finisching this game ;) They publish at least once a week news on their main website about the development progress and answer a lot of questions on their forums. Never saw that kind of developers with so much humor! :)They have fixed many bugs and crashes in the last months; I can surely say it's playable, you will sometimes maybe see a tiny little bug or a very rarely crash (got a few ones so far,) but you can play the levels like a charm. WFTO even contains a debug mode and debug console with which you can mess around with the game :)There are known problems about that you can only play an old version of WFTO on Mac OSX at the moment, but this is not caused by WFTO itself; it is a bug at the Unity side and the Unity team is working on resolving this issue for everyone, so you will probably soon be able to play the latest version of this game on MAC OSX soon! See here for more updates on this:https://forum.subterraneangames.com/threads/488-osx-version-of-the-game-is-not-up-to-date.4981/They are still working on polishing the UI, AI, graphics etc (but you can play it very well at the moment!). But it's worth to buy it now already and help the developers to finish the game, but the game is now also a little bit cheaper then after the release!!! Grab your chance now and get this game Keeper/Underlord!"
76561198083848390,Recommended,230190,8208444,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dieafor,reminds me of dungeon keeper. still an amazing game though
76561197963664525,Not Recommended,230190,15227011,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Terkala,"Honestly, just buy Dungeon Keeper 2. This game tries to copy it in every aspect. But most of the implementation is buggy or crippled in some fundamental way. Much of the game design simply does not work at all. Bugs abound in every aspect of the game."
,Recommended,230190,23796743,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mac Like-a The Potty,"I put off buying War For The Overworld for a very long time, principly because I believed there was no chance in hell it could live up to the legend that is Dungeon Keeper.I was sure it would just be a cheap imitation of a classic game with no original thought or work put into it, just ideas and concepts stolen from Dungeon Keeper, reskinned to look ""original"" and packed into a half baked game not worth its price.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was I wrong.It's pretty damn great. Some minor problems concerning visual glitches and momentary freezes but otherwise it lives up to the reputation of Dungeon Keeper. The only major problem I have with War For The Overworld is how Mana works, I much preferred the mana system in Dungeon Keeper 2 where you are rewarded with a faster mana income from aggressive expansion but leave yourself vulnerable to attack. Sadly there is little strategical advantage you can get from amassing a large mana pool because there isn't a ""quick"" way to get it.The Developers clearly knew what they doing and what they aimmed to achieve with this game, and they succeeded in leaps and bounds. There's more than enough new concepts and game mechanics to make this title stand out from it's inspiration as a true spirital successor.Well done."
76561198170070950,Not Recommended,230190,28868152,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,j.ralfson,"As others have said: I really hoped this game would be good, being a huuuuge Dungeon Keeper fan myself.But even after roughly a year, and patch 1.5, it still feels very buggy and incomplete. I just finished the campaign and feel somewhat dissatisfied...The game is ambitious, as it comes with a big load of extra tactical depth - at least in theory. It has the Dungeon Keeper feeling but in many many occasions it does not feel thought-through, as there many many features (potions, contructs, creature types, war bands, rituals etc etc) that just rise and do not shine because the gameplay is too hectic and chaotic. Eventually you'll just zerg-rush anyway.E.g. after 13 (short) levels I still have no idea what the abilities of 95% of the creatures do, since the only way to figure them out is the use the (very very clunky) posession spell - which unfortunately is completely useless apart from that. I used basically only two or three out of the dozen potions/rituals/contructs/defences, simply because I didnt have to (and there was no space to develop a strategy anyway, since there is hardly any time to dig, explore and plan)All in all, It feels a bit like a dry and chewy Kobe-beef steak:At some point there were the perfectly right ingredients, but they did not manage to create something great out of it.Which is a pity"
76561197966912475,Recommended,230190,18933389,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Xaphan,"Great game and a good spiritual successor to Bullforg's Dungeon Keeper.My only problem with it is its slightly faster paced than Dungeon Keeper was and my play style was alway ""turtle""other than that one problem its worth a buy if you want a Dungeon building game that resembles the old classicgold rush DLC well worth a buy aswell"
76561198108366808,Recommended,230190,12930837,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,justin.rowe315,"If you played the Dungeon Keeper series then you will love it, if you didn't then you might be better off waiting a little as its a bit limited at present at early access. That said I've played end to end twice and not been back for a while so I could be wrong. Excited to see the final game."
76561198006605320,Recommended,230190,15238051,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Petu,A true successor to the Legendary Dungeon Keeper series. A must have for all who enjoy letting their evil side loose every now and then.
,Recommended,230190,8720911,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,⭐ LKRTM1874 ⭐,"I have only played War for the Overworld for 55 minutes, and i'm already in love.Incase you never knew, War for the Overworld is the spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise after the company that made Dungeon Keeper (Bullfrog) just disappeared.As soon as you start this game you feel like you're playing a DK game,and it's only in BETA!If you are a younger player and want to play somthing that many companies have tried (and failed) to do then throw all of your money at the screen now!I know in the future I will play a few hundered hours of this game, probably before the full game is launched."
,Recommended,230190,29746992,Posted: 6 February,all,Ognawk,"This really is Dungeon Keeper in all but name.  It perhaps doesn't quite have the charm of those games, but if you're looking for a modern day incarnation of DK, this should keep you satisfied for a while."
76561198044295046,Recommended,230190,7919418,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Shadoon-NightMare,I am loving the game. It brings back good memories.
,Recommended,230190,15240835,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Naedross72,Ever wish that they had continued past Dungeon Keeper 2.  This works like the old DK games.
,Recommended,230190,32759264,Posted: 24 June,all,᠋᠋,"You want you PC broken? Get 250+ creatures and let them all fight in one roome 3x3.  But, this game is most close, i'd say, even a little bit better than lovley Dungon Keeper 2. Like ooold good times."
76561198002803441,Recommended,230190,23268826,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,minimarcy,"Before we even get in to gameplay - I feel I have to point out just how much time and effort the dev team have put into this game since the days of early release. When the game first came out in beta - touted as the spiritual successor to DK2, it was full of bugs, glitches, frustrations and was pretty unplayable.Fast forward to now, and we have what's basically a different game to when it started; with huge patches, and now an official expansion pack. What a journey - and I have to give credit where credit is due to the developers, in regards to their time, effort, and the way they've interacted and responded to the community feedback.The game itself - in my opinion is everything we could have hoped for, if there ever was an official DK3. Updated graphics, new (very inventive) units, spells, skills; but of course all the original charm of the series we love, including the voice work! :)Really enjoying playing this, and presume I will contunue to do so for some time. To all fans of dungeon sims - don't hesitate. I don't think you'll be disappointed! Welcome back Underlords."
,Recommended,230190,15337876,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Myntal,"There is a lot that needs to be finished, but this game is kickass! If you were a fan of DK and DK2 and wanted more, here ya go. No more having to run countless fanmade patches on DK2 in order to play this beloved game.pimp slap an imp/10"
76561197989527492,Recommended,230190,15255225,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,temp1,"accurate remake of dungeon keeper, but with addition of certain perksthough maps seem smaller, and no option to decrease walls height"
,Recommended,230190,15221093,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dusk Raider,"One of the best Dungeon Games I have EVER come across, especially amazing given that the last good one was over 15 years ago (DK2). We all want to look at new games with a fresh pair of eye and give it a real chance, but we often would compare it to DK2, and we would forget the things that plagued DK2 (crashes, improper resolutions, etc) and remember it as AMAZING! With this game, I think these guys have done an amazing job, they TRULY support their backers and players and this game is an amazing piece of work."
,Recommended,230190,15248423,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vashalgrim,"Still a bit rough, but it is WONDERFUL to be able to play.  It is very much like Dungeon Keeper 2.  I look forward to seeing the devs smooth out some things, and I really miss Horny.  But I am quite happy with the game!"
76561198011041812,Recommended,230190,15190278,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Verdicts,"'Dungeon Keeper'. Yeah. You can't escape the fact that this is the game that you buy if you wanted a Dungeon Keeper 3 (or a decent DK2).  You will typically start the game looking for a creature portal, building rooms for sleeping, eating and training, and finding the starting gold vain. Nothing new there.But this game stands strong in it's own right. Obviously, it just isn't quite DK. Hating it for this seems to be a hobby for many fans. But the game deserves to be treated as though it stands on it's own: and it certainly can. If DK had never existed, this game would be hailed as an innovative marvel. Instead, it is simply a fun, workable game using the same formula.An early example of a nice little innovation is the Tavern building: Minions will pay some of their wages back to you for cooked food and beer, but you need to keep it stocked, giving an interesting strategic choice. Things such as this give the game a feeling of depth without making it micro-manage hell.The game is worth the money. You will have fun playing a dungeon-building strategy game. It is not DK. Get over it."
,Recommended,230190,15272165,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mozilla Firefox,"Pfffff okay, here goes.I played Dungeon Keeper 2 almost non-stop for an inconceivable amount of time. After which, I wondered if they were going to make a Dungeon Keeper 3. I was elated to hear that the answer was ""yes and no"". There would be a Dungeon Keeper 3, but it wouldn't be *called* Dungeon Keeper 3.This game lives up to and surpasses my wildest expectations. It's fun, comical, challenging, and intense. This studio did an absolutely incredible job on this game, and I highly recommend it.That being said, you should be prepared for a few bugs and glitches, at least at the time of this review. I am quite certain that they will get everything resolved at some point, but at the moment I've had to handle a few hair-pull worthy issues.At one point, when hitting the ESC key to save my game, the game froze and eventually crashed on me. In another instance, two of my minions appeared to be stuck in a lake. They were wandering around in circles incessantly, clearly befuddled by why their master had abandoned them. Not to worry, though. A quick spanking or three sent them back on their merry way.Overall, I highly recommend this game. I paid 36$ for the Underlord Edition and do not regret my purchase in the least, despite a few hiccups that are presently in the game."
,Recommended,230190,15216870,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Coactum,"First off, great work Stubterranean games! I've been a backer of this project from its inception, and other than the occasional 5 minute bout every six months to get a feel for how things were coming along I've all but avoided every piece of news about the game in the hopes that I wouldn't spoil myself for release.I'm a long time fan of the Dungeon Keeper series and fondly remember as a 10 year old sinking entire school holidays into figuring out how to deal with digging into clusters of level 10 Samurais. Dungeon Keeper has and always will have a place on my hard drive alongside many of the Bullfrog classics, back when Peter Molyneux could keep up with his big ideas. How the mighty have fallen! Anyway my review ;It's no secret that this game is a spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper, and while I want to keep in mind that it is it's own beast and I shouldn't directly compare for the sake of biasing myself, inevitably, and inescapably, this is something that will be part of this review. Thankfully whether that's right or wrong, WftO in my opinion has nailed the atmosphere extremely well. The background hum of dank dungeon corridors and the deep, thumping beat of your dungeon heart, alongside your insidious sounding, witty assistant has thrown me back to my schooldays.Dungeon design itself I have mixed feelings about. There doesn't seem to be as much of an incentive to place down traps or dig your dungeon out in areas to encompass rooms and a necessity to mine out entire areas to make use of the tiles you get is apparant.I feel like the actual map sizes don't compliment the number of rooms given particularly well, even if the rooms themselves are well thought out in terms of theme and function. Something as simple as converting particular rooms and their functions into room addons may be able to accomodate this where it makes sense - The Sanctuary's functions placed in the centre of a library with an expensive altar for example, or unlocking an arena pen to attract your Beast Master which you could then place on the grounds of an expansive and somewhat barren Beast Lair to fill it out.I would assume at least for the campaign, fiddling with map sizes would require a horrendous amount of work, so combining rooms with a usefulness that seems somewhat saturated would possibly be a good direction. Some rooms feel a little empty and as a whole the sheer number of room types doesn't translate well to the room you tend to have on each map.The maps themselves from a campaign standpoint are well thought out, the variation of mission types is welcome and I'm glad as it brings a particular flavour to each map which allows you to apply your creativity in different ways. Dungeon planning was always a big part of Dungeon Keeper and I feel like the variation offered in each map is similar enough to give you that ""lets get to work, I got this"" feel, without making everything too samey and keeping you on your toes somewhat.My biggest gripe is creatures and battle. I have found myself a few times leaving rally flags sitting up against an enemy keeper after all but wiping each other out, resulting in a 30 minute long battle that pumps every level 1 spawn on either side into one place until something ever so slightly tips the balance. It doesn't feel decisive enough to be satisfying, as does the level increases for each minion. Level 5 and 6 creatures feel somewhat irrelevent, especially when you consistently go up against them in the campaign with swathes of level 1s, and having a level 10 creature doesn't have that feeling of acomplishment that DK had.There is a feeling of overwhelming higher level units which again is not a good thing - I just feel like something is missing when it comes to how satisfying this is. I feel like more emphasis should be placed on the power of each level and battles should feel a little more decisive, in return I'd welcome a higher difficulty although I understand if some people would be put off by this.Another couple pointers is the minimap. More clarity would be helpful, as would a little more intuitiveness in regards to what's going on where. And the hand! The actual reference point is lost on the hand and I really feel this needs redesigned to better handle some of the UI. The rally flags on the left for example require pinpoint precision to the point where the concentration to do so successfully is immersion breaking, and I regularly find myself missing torture racks when I try to drop heroes, even when it feels otherwise.Bugs I don't particularly want to go into - Every time I check my downloads on Steam there's another massive patch and I'm quite happy to hold off negativity regarding this (which other than a restart of a map due to a broken ritual doesn't bother me. If you're playing this kind of game specifically to win the map you're on then I suggest you sit back, relax and enjoy letting your creativity run wild instead!), but it's nice to see so much work getting put into addressing issues that other players may have a harder time dealing with.All in all, WftO is a great spiritual successor to DK, most definitely one of the best, you can see from the outset that the team really understands the intricacies and have most definitely made it their own while paying homage. I love to see what happens next and all in all I'm very satisfied with backing Subterranean.Whether you're an old player or new to the whole concept, I suggest you take a look, regardless of whether it's for nostalgia or just for a new experience. I hold DK in a VERY high regard and consider Bullfrog part of a golden age which wasn't swamped by corporate fatcats, and true creativity was something to be welcomed and encouraged. I'm very happy to see a dev team capture the essence of this in a way that really pays homage to the concept as a whole. A modern DK has been a long time coming and I'm glad to say it's almost there. Just a little more work Subterranean, a touch more clarity and you got this.Keep up the good work, you won over a venerable Keeper!"
76561198042898392,Not Recommended,230190,18928462,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,battlereaper,"War for the Overworld is essentially a Dungeon Keeper 2 remake with a heavy emphasis on blitzing your enemy. At this point, I have made it to level 12 and have yet to actually enjoy making a dungeon as the game has kept me locked in with impenetrable rock and busy fending off attackers from minute one.I tried out skirmish mode in the hope that it would allow for more relaxed dungeon building, but yet again, the AI focused solely on blitzing my dungeon core before I even realized I had to unlock every room in my tool panel before being able to use it.If you loved Dungeon Keeper 2, and you love blitzing your enemy then this game is for you. If you loved Dungeon Keeper and enjoyed building dungeons, then Dungeons and Dungeons II are more your style but they are still entirely different games.Pros:Fairly Evil NarratorDK2 styleDark HumorCons:Blitz heavyDK2 Style InterfaceToo Much Impenetrable rockEnemies can dig through your walls"
,Not Recommended,230190,15648817,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Faeranthea,"While this is a better spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper series than it's competition, it's still launched in an inacceptable state. Just because we're in a time where it's possible to patch after launch, it doesn't mean it's fine to launch a game full of filler text, rampant bugs and incomplete content with the excuse that they're patching constantly. To add salt to the wound, I bought the upgrade only to find out absolutely nothing of the upgrade has been implemented yet.Regardless of how good the games Subterranean Games creates are months after release, I'd think long and hard before purchasing anything from them in the future."
,Not Recommended,230190,15175690,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,zmR,"sorry to say this is an unfinished mess, for the moment dont buy this."
76561198006510461,Recommended,230190,15232092,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Blood Claw,"If your evil and/or sadistic this is a must have :DGAMEPLAYIf you have played the dungeon keeper games youl know what to expect from this game and its bang on the money but also refreshingly new. You are a Dungeon Ke..... Lord and you build a dungeon by digging and placeing room tiles as well as traps fortifications, cast spells ect ect.You Dungeon attracts minions to do your bidding that use your rooms too....1.Work (Build you traps research sins and so on)2.Train ( grow levels and become better fighter)3. To live of (eating, sleeping and keeping themselves happy)VOICE ACTINGThe Voice acting in game is EPIC nuff saidCAMPAIGNThe levels a well designed and feel very different with different chalanges and ways to overcome said chalanges. The game is not as storey driven as some other games (say starcraft 2) but i feel it is still pretty good.Pros+Real dungeon keeper like gameplay+Great level design+great creature art+great Room art+EPIC voice acting+Dark feel (""It's Good to be Bad"")+Sadistic parody sort of humour+ Fan funded fan made+promising new game devCons- 13 levels seems a bit few- mp is not that replayable (for me at least)- you can't help missing your fav dungeon keeper creatures (bile demon,dragon ect ect)Video link to my gameplays :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f1Q7a9z4BU&index=1&list=PL936OgHe6TZrD5JqpLNOCsV_u8VyGC6avSide note : There are a few glitches in game i have only come across 1 myself and it did nothing but make me LOL but there are people screaming unplaybill..... DONT BE PUT OFF BY THIS !!!! the devs have been updating the game about 3 times a day and are glitch fixing machines."
,Recommended,230190,15269928,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,NanoByteGhost,"Updated ReviewI tend not to like games that stay in early access for 2 years as this one did then gets released unfinished. It defeats the point of early access in my book.It is now July 2015, 4 months after War for the Overworld was released and it finally has enough Skirmish maps to make it worth playing in single player. An update to Unity 5 seems to have improved performance too.It has enough units, powers and spells to keep most dungeon keeper fans happy, and it brings enough of its own tricks to the table so it cannot be accused of being a straight forward clone of the old classic.If it has any problem it is that it has too many rooms and monsters for most maps, you will find your self without the room to the build them all. So your going to have to choose what you want and what you do not want.Previously I recommended this game but only just, stating a lack of maps and other unfinished features meant you would be left waiting to play it because it was not finished.Also, previously, I said 7 out of 10 on metacritics user score was about right, it is now at 7.3 and rising on metacritics because the game is finally playable. In it is current state it is worth about an 8.Though the campaign pretty much sucks with its timers and shows a distinct lack of imagination, mind you so do the new maps.What is it with devs these days and their symetrical maps ?Recommended.... finally..."
,Recommended,230190,28356281,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SACPH4N70M,The truest spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper you'll ever play. Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,230190,29386914,Posted: 20 January,all,Halfcentaur,"When I initially bought into this project I was somewhat disappointed when the early alpha was released. It felt buggy with almost no content. I forgot about this honestly, and finally reinstalled it since the actual full release was done. This game has come such a long way and feels wonderful. If you're a fan of the classic Dungeon Keeper games, this is your DK3 that never happened. They've managed to recreate the style of Dungeon Keeper, while also introducing new mechanics to make it something other than just a cheap game trying to cash in on nostalgia. Can't wait to play through the rest of this."
76561198021329387,Recommended,230190,25020186,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MisterJenssen,"Nice game, certainly for the people that used to play dungeon keeper II"
76561198052355704,Recommended,230190,24749723,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,whrsmycoffee,"Core game is a pretty good attempt at a ""Dungeon Keeper 3"".Closer to DK2 than to DK1 in atmosphere, graphical style and gameplay.Core campaign is lackluster, level design is mediocre and it's very easy. Expansion campaign, however, is enjoyable and well thought out. It's short though, just 4 levels and still too easy.Monster abilities are not well presented and monsters have a lot less character than DK1/2.Balance wise vampires are too strong and leveling is too easy.Multiplayer is completely broken as clients crash after 20-60 minutes into the game. Defenses are too weak, you're usually dead if you lose a fight in multiplayer.Summary: This game is like DK2 for me, it's a good game but doesn't capture the same feeling as DK1. I recommend it but if you're buying it to play with friends then make sure they patched the multiplayer bug first."
,Recommended,230190,24907181,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Eske,"Love this game, feels like the next ""Dungeon Keeper"" which players of the originals will notice the little nods to its roots.+Plenty of content+Home Realm (Build at your leisure and unleash waves of enemies)+Humor+Variant Underlords (Each once has a different look to it and the workers)-Fast paced-Skirmish maps included are small-Short CampaignThis is a great game, but I spent alot of time playing DK1 and DK2, and the way WrtO differs seems to be in its pace, more so in skirmish against AI, the thing I enjoyed about DK was the slower pace, once you got past the tutorial levels you would normally start on one huge map which you had to spend time gathering gold and leveling up your minions, where as this one kinda forces you to play fast and with limited space, so theres no extravagant massive rooms you can build since you really need to use the space you have effectively.The units themselves are very nicely done, but once again it lacks the content DK had, so if you dont know, on DK you had to manage your minions, and by this I mean there wasnt just a single minion per room so for instance in DK if you got a Fly and a Spider, you would normally have to try and keep them in seperate lairs because if they bump into once other when they arent training or using rooms they would attack and try to kill one another, this presenting a challenge if you wanted to keep both but served as something you really needed to keep an eye on, whereas in WftO there is just one type of minion per room and a empire version, none of your minions conflict everyone gets along very nicely.Now the ""Vampire"" unit I do like very much, having to keep a steady supply to keep them appeased and in return you get a very powerful unit, so here im going to refer to DK1 and you can proberly guess I mean the ""Horned Reaper"" which was the games icon, which the Vampire unit itself is a nod to, both units need 3 units sacrificed to get one in return, whereas the vampire just needs food to stay happy, the Horned Reaper, well he was undeniably the strongest unit in the game but came with the biggest price, if you held him for to long he got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you slapped him he got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if he was bored he got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and he would begin slaughtering your own minions for the damn well fun of it, and a level 10 version of him would wipe out most of your minons, which would make you either decide on building a seperate mini-dungeon and lock him in it til you was ready to fight or having to get rid.Refering to the pervious point there was the ""Temple"" room, which you sacrificed units to make ones you needed or the Horned Reaper, but it served a second function, any creatures rebelling or Horned Reaper going on a rampage you could drop them on the outskirts of this room and they would pray and calm down over a period of time, now when they rebel in WftO you pretty much have to take them down, I could be wrong but at this present time I cant see anyway to calm them down, showered them with gold/food and they still wont revert from rebellion status.All in all the thing about these games is feeling like the bad guy, and DK did that great, WftO goes down the same road but doesnt give me that ""Evil"" vibe, aslong as you have food and gold, all your minions will hold hands and slip to battle, but here I am just remembering how much I loved DK, this game gets frequent patches and updates so who knows, maybe it will end up that way, but it is a great game and the closest ive seen to being a ""Dungeon Keeper"" for a long time  and is definatly worth playing, more so if you loved the DK games.TL;DRWftO is a great game, I ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about how much I miss ""Dungeon Keeper"".  :D"
76561198023413058,Recommended,230190,24044073,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Vuur,"I bought this game yesterday and had some issues with running it in Windows 10. As it turns out, I just had to set the .exe files to run in Win7 compatibility and run as admin.Once I had sorted them out, I couldn't stop playing for 6 hours straight.The game is like DK2, but with some major upgrades. It looks great and there are more support features than in DK2, e.g. potions and rituals.It did take a little time to get used to the new mechanics, but I'm extremely happy that I spent the money."
,Recommended,230190,8176853,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wreck Knight,Highly recommended if you enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper games.
76561198037494652,Recommended,230190,16291185,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,thegerashi,"*revision*Patch 1.1 took care of most of the issues that were keeping me from enjoying the game; i'm having quite a bit of fun now.  i appreciate the continued attention to this game and i can now honestly recommend it!As with most people who own this game, I'm a huge fan of the Dungeon Keeper games and was looking forward to this one.  In it's current state however, i cannot suggest this game to anyone.  Clearly unfinished, this game has too many glaring issues;-terrible AI-glitchy/slow UI-crashes-walls/ dungeon setup becomes useless as fortified walls break down easily-Campaign levels are short in supply and lack difficulty; little strategy is needed to blow through all 13.WFTO has alot of potential but seems as though it was rushed to release once the developers hit the halfway mark.  With some tweaks and updates this game could easily be worth the $30 price.  At the moment however, I regret purchasing this game."
,Recommended,230190,549511,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,I'm writing this review while is game is pretty much in pre-alpha state so keep that in mind.If you've ever played Dungeon Keeper from god knows when you need to get this game. Buy it now for a discount and support the developers.Lots of issues right now but if you were a fan it's worth your $20.
76561198012161600,Recommended,230190,8943347,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Tal,"When this game is finished it will be a great game. Unfortunately, at the moment, there is not much actual gameplay. A solitary single player mission and a few sandbox maps will give you plenty to get an idea of what the game will become. Just not a whole heap to do until then. Worth getting imho if you are happy to be helping fund the development, but if you expect a lot of game for your money don't get it now. Wait for a little more development."
,Recommended,230190,9019623,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Harrytricks,"This is a great game for those who played the original Dungeon Keeper/Dungeon Keeper 2, and anyone who hasn't played either, lots of potential."
,Recommended,230190,9200771,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,shaunwthompson,This has all of the elements of DK and DKII that I enjoyed and a lot more. I am looking forward to what this game will present to the world when it is finished.
76561198007483994,Recommended,230190,9253674,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Minidow,"shaping up nicely to it's forefathers, in the state it's in, a little bit of polish and I'd call it good.  Needs some minor tweaks, shoudl be seen to soon enough I'd reckon though."
,Recommended,230190,9576540,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Metraf,"I have been waiting for sooo long a new Dungeon Keeper (3) and this is the game, even if it is not the official license.Dungeon Keeper 2 was my favorite game, and this one is good,BUT this is not optimised at all and the game is hardly laggy, there are only 1 map with a story and ennemies (lot's o' but still), 1 tutorial map which is also buggy, there are a lot of graphics bugs, AND finaly there are 3 sandboxes without ennemies.But you have to know that this is a very very EARLY ALPHA TEST GAME !!! DO NOT EXPECT ANY FULL CONTENT, because there are not for now.Thus I LOVE Dungeon Keeper but this game is not full yet,  and know that I understand that ( even if they had 14 years to make this game )."
76561198043341245,Recommended,230190,16339720,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KicklyGirl,"This is the Dungeon Keeper we have been waiting for for years. Some names have been changed and many things improved upon - but it is the same at its core.To be fair, there are bugs, and while I frown on launching with bugs the devs haven't given up and are still working hard to make this the game we are all waiting for.Bottom Line: worth it."
76561198018322973,Recommended,230190,16395637,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Praetorian,"The game is pretty similar to the Dungeon Keeper franchise; like I was hoping it would be; though It has not yet offered me a challenge in the campaign; and the AI seem a bit.... slow after the most recent patch.I will say though the latest patch has at least fixed the 'too many threads' issue that I was suffering from, so I am grateful for that.Otherwise I'd recommend the game to anyone who loved Dungeon Keeper, but I do hope any future dlc or patches enable the option to increase difficulty to some degree."
76561198023023836,Recommended,230190,26320053,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TopKEK,"Yup, it's DK3 essentially lacks the awesome humor of DK2 but still has some, it's a mix between 1 and 2, amazing game!"
76561198072987391,Recommended,230190,25353599,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HolyMacaroni,"A fitting if slightly less quirky homage to the original Dungeon Keeper franchise. This deliciously sinister game grabs you by the ankle and drags you down into a vividly beautiful world of monsters and demons, where you have all the tools at your disposal to build the ultimate evil army.Is it captivating? Oh yes. Will you lose hours of your life if you buy it? Oooooooh yes.Happy gaming, Underlord."
,Recommended,230190,23320684,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Re𝕯isia,"The base game had a rocky start but has grabbed its rocks together and build a sturdy fort. Sure there are some things that do not go 100% from time to time as with every game. But this game seems to listen to its community and balance, patch issues out.Having spend a fair load of time into the base game, i\'d rate it a 8/10 worthy of what it tried to achieve. And commendable concidering it was made by a ragtag of dungeonkeeper fans bundling their forces."
76561198024713974,Recommended,230190,28384343,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LoreSmith,"Great game, fun campaign, plus the team continues to develop and release content for free which is INSANE and awesome. Highly recommend"
76561198039808534,Recommended,230190,23341121,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Revnge_SevnFold,"This game had a really rocky start, the developers should not have released the game when they did.Put that aside the game is really well polished and patched now. Game looks beautiful and runs smoothly.I really like what they did with the game, Well done developers!This game is fairly priced and I think it is worth a buy. The campaign is average but it still has some fun to be had if you are a Dungeon keeper fan, Like I was.I really like the Heart of gold campaign, but I will put my review of it there. :)"
76561198045938365,Recommended,230190,24444916,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gerrit IG88,"This game was originally started by people with a lot of heart, who had bitten of way more than they could chew in the year after their kickstarter campaign. And yet even when things seemed to go completely bust they persevered for the sake of their love for the game and their dedication to the community. And after a rocky release this has seriously paid off. This game deserves far more (online) players than it already has and can be considered complete enough. If you are familiar with either RTS or strategy management games you'll be able to learn this very quickly.For some actual reviewing:- A good story and a fun single player campaign.- Fleshed out game mechanics with good balancing.- Precious humorous gems provided, mostly by the beloved voice actor of one of the major characters. He has a voice men would sell their souls for.- Balanced and potentially pretty competitive multiplayer.Very much recommended!"
76561198007314241,Recommended,230190,35071220,Posted: 19 September,all,Veena Menon,its good. Great thx to developers for bringing back dungeon keeper. Every fan of dk should play it.
76561197971190761,Recommended,230190,35232856,Posted: 26 September,all,SoybeanArson,"Love this game! I have been looking to scratch that DK2 itch for a long time, and this is the first game that ever fully did it. It is for all intents and purposes Dungeon keeper 3, meant all in the best way. It understands and meets the old gamplay and additude of DK2 and then finds the loical paths for improvment on that model. Ive played Dungeons 1 and 2 and they are ok, but they dont hold a candle to this. Add to that, the developers are spot on fantastic. They charge fairly for any DLC, while at the same time, continually updating the base game with new features to improve it free of charge. All the best skins and awards are earned in game, and you will enjoy doing it. I cant wait to see what classic revival this team tackles next *coughstartopiacough*"
,Recommended,230190,34180479,Posted: 11 August,all,Liquid Mantis,"War for the Overworld is one of the exceptions where i can say that Early Access made a truly great game.That alone should tell you that this successor to Dungeon Keeper is worth buying, the Expansions add a level of depth that is interesting and they add a spin on the formula. The My Pet Dungeon DLC in particular being quite alot of fun."
76561197961297412,Recommended,230190,15215954,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stupidus,"Game has a lot of potential, but still a very unpolished game (Multiplayer not working, debugging tooltips, framerate drops), and doesnt follow my defition of done, when you release something.If you're a DK1 and 2 diehard fan, you can most likely ignore these flaws (Like me)If you're not, give it a patch or two before you buy it, mostly because it isnt done yet. Properly gonna be epic by then."
,Recommended,230190,15262372,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tehan,This is a great game that's undercooked by a month or two.
,Recommended,230190,8540780,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fists Full of Jesus,this game reminds me so much of dungen keeper it is in alpha still but it is amazing and a work in progress multiplayer is comming soon too onlything needed before they do is to add a bar so i can pick up my units without having to look for them- Dungeon Heart ✓- Minions ✓- Spells ✓- Building ✓- Multiplayer comming soon- fun ✓
,Recommended,230190,16367703,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,(PG)Loterk,Solid game if you want to scratch the dk2 itch. Much of the same with a few new twists in rooms/minion design.
,Recommended,230190,16482677,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Samork,"As a big Dungeon Keeper fan, I think it's fair to say that War For the Underworld is better than every other Dungeon Keeper, especially that mobile one, obviously."
76561198049518973,Recommended,230190,10001361,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mr Scratch,This game at the moment is unfinished BUT its still great as a homage to dungeon keeper BUT there is still alot to be and i cant wait till its done because its amazing even now
,Recommended,230190,10166639,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,✪ ♛HuffDaddy™,"At the moment I DO NOT recommend this game. However I see it's potential and over time I can recommend it. There are probably more cons so far than pros. Constant bugs, HUGE fps issues, no save, no multiplayer, only one mission. I know that the developers plan on adding more missions, a save, a multiplayer. However it has been over one year sense initial release of the beta and we still see no improvement BESIDES UI changes and more rooms/creatures. If you are a Dungeon Keeper fan you will love this game however I think you should wait till they properly finish this game. There are so many bugs and fps spikes its ridiculous and game breaking. (not sarcasm). At times every creature including your imps will freeze and do nothing, i tried all i can to get them to move. I picked them up, i slapped them, i controlled them, and they still wouldn't move. Also, once you build a large dungeon and have an army the lag is ridiculous. Even if you can handle skyrim on max settings you will have issues with the frames reaching a max 10 frames if you're lucky. However once you start a game you should have a solid 30 frames or more. Final Verdict: Save your money, get it upon release. To many bugs and problems at the moment."
76561198094296747,Recommended,230190,8278209,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,rockgoblin,when it is finished it will be an amazing game!
76561198005634435,Recommended,230190,8977521,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Kittael,"Extremely fun and retains the atmosphere of DK2. Despite it being a beta with a fair way to go until completion, it is still very fun and I am very excited for the future.Mega nostalgia points for the possession spell. I could spend hours as an imp running through my dungeon!"
76561198122251147,Recommended,230190,15211174,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Quest Lounge,dis game is so dank in da good way you i ♥♥♥♥ up ♥♥♥♥♥es so hard all the dank time10/10 would dank again
76561197974196965,Recommended,230190,15218871,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,☭ Surge ☭,"When i first played this game (bedrock beta) i acutally thought that this game would turn out to be better than Dungeon Keeper and now that they have scrapped some of the details in the game and redone them it looks so much better than it did before and now they have been pumping out updates like its out oif fation and i can actually say ""Im happy that someone brought Dungeon Keeper back to life"" XD i would highlt recomend it to all those Dungeon Keeper lovers  out there"
,Recommended,230190,15262253,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Snake 2 - Anaconda,Love this game!!! The bugs are being fixed daily with noticeable improvements!!!
76561197979337900,Recommended,230190,15264835,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,guitar_chick05,"Short version:Pros:-Same voice actor from the original Dungeon Keeper and Keeper 2, Mr. Richard Ridings, who does a great job!-Looks like a Dungeon Keeper game-Gameplay generally feels like a Dungeon Keeper game-Play the ""bad guy""-Dig out a dungeon and stock rooms to attract creatures and then attack the enemy-Torture Chamber is fully operational-Devs are patching bugs and paying attention to player requestsCons (at the time of this review):-Some features are not available yet (sandbox mode & multiplayer)-Creature path finding can be somewhat haphazard-Rooms and creatures do not have enough detail about what they do (still calls things ""prop x"")-Possession can be difficult to control and once in possession mode no clear explanation about the controls-Memory Leak? Game tends to slow down a lot over the course of playing and occasionally crashes (devs stated they are looking into solving this problem)War for the Overworld is a refreshing change in the standard RTS genre given that you build a dungeon and attack the ""good guys"". As many know, WftO is the spiritual successor to Dungeon Keepers 1 and 2. This is the game I have been looking for since finishing DK 1&2 in 2000 (15 years!). I am sincerely happy that EA has allowed Subteranean Games to create this clear clone of the Dungeon Keeper franchise.Do not get me wrong, War for the Overworld is not just a facelift for Dungeon Keeper 2. It does have it's own story if you are a plot addict like me. However, the look and gameplay feels just like DK2 on the surface, but is a bit buggy with path finding which I expect will get ironed out. If you have been looking for another Dungeon Keeper look no further and pick this game up since it is what we wished that ""Dungeons"" was or ""Overlord 1&2"" were. It is certainly worth the $30 USD (half of what EA would charge if they made it, and it would not be as good) even though it does have some flaws as detailed above. I expect that these flaws will be polished away with a bit of time since these devs are extremely devoted to supporting their product and are enthusiasts themselves for the Dungeon Keeper series.Buyer with a low-end system beware (i.e. less than 8 GB RAM and less than a Quad Core processor running at 2.0 GHz) as this game is somewhat CPU and definitely memory intensive which manifests itself particularly during battles. I know this because I recently had to upgrade my system to run smoothly (I was capped at 3.25GB RAM and it bottlenecked my Quad Core AMD Phenom II @3.2GHz processor). If your system does not meet the minimum requirements, either upgrade or expect slow downs, stability issues, crashing, and even unplayability during gameplay, and don't downvote simply because your PC cannot handle it (I see this too often).All these things being said, I cannot recommend this game enough. WftO is exactly as advertised with regard to being the spiritual successor to DK 1&2. I played this game when it was in early access and enjoyed it then and now even more. This is the only game that I have ever been happy with after purchasing in early access, and I have purchased a fair few."
76561198008152252,Recommended,230190,15267851,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Wadgod,Dungeon keeper 3 (in spirit)   I want to cry i have been waiting so long for this game and its awesome Devs i love you all.Some minor bugs but the game is amazing.
76561198177135118,Recommended,230190,23251411,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Scythers21,An almost perfect match for the original duegeon keeper. Its a perfext way to kill time and keep yourself entertained.
,Recommended,230190,11903634,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,jish,if u liked dungeon keeper this is similar
76561198051701530,Recommended,230190,34070476,Posted: 6 August,all,marsdorian,"In short, the game is a compelling joyride. A worthy, unofficial sequel to Dungeon Keeper 2.Great voice acting, fun campaign maps, streamlined user interface, cool creatures and intuitive dungeon control make this a must-have for dungeon keeper fans. I just want to expand my evil realm, take down walls and throw my demon forces at the enemy fortress!Whatever issues the game faced in its earlier versions, the August 2017  works like a fine-tuned dungeon trap!Big recommendation from me."
,Recommended,230190,31083688,Posted: 11 April,all,Mikaelh,"This is Dungeon Keeper. This is amazing. If you loved Dungeon Keeper you will love War for the Overworld. They patch the game two years after the release, also."
,Recommended,230190,34086135,Posted: 7 August,all,Delzak,Great game that manages to even outshine its inspiration.
76561198006245157,Recommended,230190,23257261,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,karel.beranek,"This game looks and feels like Dungeon Keeper. Polished, looking better than ever. Less jokes, different creature names, few new mechanics. For me this is DK 2.5."
76561198047969407,Recommended,230190,13445368,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,mafxfia,"even though it's still early it's already shaping up to be a good game, at first i was concerned about the amount of lairs and monsters being implemented as simplicity usually beats flashy for me but it's been looking good and fun. Looking forward to the next update as always"
,Recommended,230190,19724030,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Karl,"I like the faithfulness of this game to the original. They kept the flavor of the original game, making it easy to make the transition. So far as I could tell, there's all the same elements of the original game, dungeon building, room optimizing, cheating your minions out of their pay, slapping and torturing them, etc.There's also some very good new features, like control groups and invisible-fence-for-imps, that were missing from the original. The graphical update makes it a very nice looking game, although by no means cutting edge or demanding.This does mean, however, that the game is not much of a change from the original. There's no radically new gameplay, just some tweaks, a graphical update and a new story.Also, the minimap is unnecessarity pixelated, and the game uses so much memory! It uses 2.5GB more memory than Tomb Raider 2013, and about 1GB more memory than vanilla Rome II. I can't imagine what all that memory is used for, since Rome II handles more units and has better texture. Given this and some other reviews, I'm inclined to think that optimization is not very good, and systems with slower/less RAM will stutter due to paging issues."
76561198060083593,Recommended,230190,10417758,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ixulu,"So i went out on a limb to purchase this, and was thrilled to see there is someone that wants another DK style game as much as myself.   Awesome work on this game has been done and its totally worth the investment."
76561198032705817,Recommended,230190,11012881,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,shadeling,"Old Review:For anyone who has a love for the Dungeon Keeper games of old (not including EA's recent disgustingly obvious cashgrab with the Dungeon Keeper game for iOS) then this is the game for you.  They even have Richard Ridings doing the narration as he did for DK1 & 2!! It's like Dungeon Keeper all over again but without the soul sucking presence of a corporate publisher involved to make it suck with their stupid marketing surveys. Awesome!So I finally got around to playing the official 1.0 release of this game that launched back in April? I think, and I have to say that it feels pretty good to know that my original review during its time in SEA still holds up to the last twenty-ish or so hours of gameplay I've experienced in the past couple days.  Even though I've yet to encounter something that even comes close to the awesomeness of the Horned Reaper character from the original DK series, WFO is definitely the DK successor I've been wanting since my obsession with replaying DK2 ended so many years ago.One negative point brought up in the more critical reviews that I've read so far stated something like there were too many spells, rituals, constructs, etc and that they themselves only needed one or two spells to complete the game so every other option they didn't use at the time was considered to be unnecessary content.  I agree that there are a lot more options than there ever was with the previous DK series but all the same, I find that having a lot of variety helps the replay value of the game.As much as I hate to say it, I do think that the narrator is a bit too chatty some times and as much as I love Richard Ridings from the DK series, it did get to be a bit much at times.   Yet all the same, I can't blame the developers for wanting to get as much mileage out of the legacy asset of RR's voice as they possibly could because so much of the DK vibe comes from his voice alone.So anyway, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper series or to anyone who thinks the game looks interesting because it is really well done and I find myself easily losing hours while playing, which is exactly what I would expect from the spiritual successor of Dungeon Keeper."
,Recommended,230190,15213324,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kaeru,Do you like Dungeon Keeper? Do you wish there was a modern update to Dungeon Keeper? Well here you go!
,Not Recommended,230190,17130028,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,tranzystate,"This game has a lot of potential, but in no way it is ready to be released. As much as I love DK series and this being a spiritual successor of it, I absolutely cannot recommend this game to anyone until it is at least playable. I remember playing an earlier release, and I thought that with the newest patches, at least some of the game breaking issues were fixed. On the contrary, new issues have been introduced. This time I cannot scroll left or right, so I have to use the silly WASD to move around the map. Some cutscenes freeze, such as the one about shifting bond in the fifth level and disable scrolling altogether. Have you guys actually tested scrolling? Was this part of your QA items at all??? Shame on you for using paying users as testers where it should have been your job in the first place. At least now textures do not flicker when you reload the game and the gameplay does not come to a grinding halt. Please test your product before releasing it."
,Recommended,230190,29236772,Posted: 13 January,all,Farorin,I was expecting this game to be a bit like dungeon keeper.But holly hell. This is literally just dungeon keeper 3. I love it.All that is missing is the Horned Reaper and the Bile Demons.10/10
76561197963627578,Recommended,230190,23243994,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SnipingCoward,It's good to be bad.==============+ great performance on my pc+ solid story+ funny+ great voice acting+ nostalgia+ everything you would expect from a DK successor- occasionally glitched units- feels a bit too easy at times- story feels a bit shortVerdict:=====a worthy DK successor thus a must have for DK fansa hot tip for god game fans (get it at 10% off or less)mediocre for strategy gamers (don't expect too much of a challenge)
76561197970807903,Recommended,230190,19153009,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Avenger18,"As a huge dungeon keeper fan I was very excited to see a game produced which is clearly a huge tribute to an amazing classic. However at the time of first looking at this game it had mostly negative reviews, so I stayed away. Checking back recently I noticed that suddenly the reviews were hugely positive, with people praising the developers most recent updates (1.1 and 1.2) and saying the game was now polished and worth playing. Due to the Halloween sale I picked it up to give it a try. I am not disappointed!This game takes all the things that made dungeon keeper great and maintains the legacy. It felt so familiar to me that it was like playing dungeon keeper all over again. The campaign has some challenging levels to keep you on your toes and a great entertaining narrated voice over (From the same voice actor that did DK2!!)A small gripe I have is how insane the AI is, on skirmish they somehow always end up with 3-4x as many minions as you within minutes. I am not sure if this is because I suck or because the AI is just mentally good but it does make my desire to get all the achievements a huge challenge!Overall this game is very polished and any dungeon keeper fan should try it and love it! One thing I have noticed which makes me incredibly supportive (Supportive enough to write a review, which I have never done before) Is that the developers listen! every review I check the developers have commented saying that they will work on that, they seem to genuinely care for the player base, which these days is a rare thing! So Kudos devs for listening to players and actually acting on it! You have a happy customer from me and another positive review. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,230190,15242639,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Harreh,"Possessed a Mircopig,got eaten by a chunder.11/10 - would possess again"
,Not Recommended,230190,28461455,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,koala fritz,"It's been what? 15 years since dungeon keeper 2? I really wanted this to be a worthy sucessor after bullfrog was torn apart, but instead we get something reminscent of it, picking up one or two jokes from the DK twins (micro piglets).The game itself works, but the dungeon keeping charms are just painted on - and they rub off quickly.Compared to the desaster that was dungeons 1 & 2, this is closer to the original series, but it's still not understanding it.Where you struggled in dungeon keeper to design your rooms for maximum performance using halls and hallways, you tear down everything in here until you happen accross a gold dig to fill your pockets - and the game suffers for it, as frame rate drops are happening all over the field.It seems the devs want you to make one huge hall, as the pathing system is really the worst part. Whereas the enemy goes straight for your heart whatever you do (often times right into stacked traps) as if scripted, your own hirelings are too stupid to find doorways and start complaining: No money, no food, no sleep, etc.The premise and promise is there, but the parts are too rough around the edge and won't fit together right, always feeling crooked and angled.Nostalgia is a hell of a drug, but this game will make your trip down nostalgia lane a bad one- you're better off going through your storage, looking for that CD with the red frog on the label."
76561197993603345,Recommended,230190,15028140,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Towertwig,"This game brings back all the nostalgia from the good old Dungeon Keeper 2.It's close to release and the developers seems to be very determined to give their customers what they want.I've done my research and i'm safely putting my faith in Subterranean Games.BUT, it hasn't been released yet so i need to give you the present news of the game.There is little content and no finished campaign.You still have skirmish and a new mode (Survival) that you can enjoy but it isn't enough for 28€ in my opinion.The gameplay is coming out as fairly finished.I've encountered one or two crashes and maybe a few glitches but it's nothing that ruins your game completely, just minor obstacles that are easily fixed.I do hope that i will see more minions, buildings, spells and traps.Even though i feel that the current situation with your variety of building is enough i do want more.It may or may not be the way i want it to be but i'm going to recommend it.I think you should wait until the release of this game and see where it stands though.But as i said, i have faith in these developers (something that doesn't come easily these days).EDIT;The game has finally been released and the full campaign is open.However, the game still contains alot of bugs and a few unfinished touches.I'm sad to say that it wasn't ready for release just yet.They are releasing ALOT of hotfix patches though and that makes me a little happy.Since the release they've already released about 7 hotfix patches and that's great but it also gives you a perspective of how many bugs there are to be fixed.These 7 patches fixed alot of bugs but there are still alot more to be done!I would still recommend that you all wait a month or two to see where the game lies and how smooth the gameplay is."
,Recommended,230190,30937433,Posted: 4 April,all,Sayyiduna,"This is a great game!I tried WftO right around release and was disappointed with how it turned out. I was hoping for a true successor to Dungeon Keeper and this was not it at the time. This style of game seems plagued with hit-or-miss difficulty that's either far too easy (Dungeons) or far too hard (WftO at release). There was a case to be made that WftO went too far into hardcore RTS territory and lost touch with what made the DK games so appealing. That's besides the lack of polish, bugs, and scores of QoL issues. The devs are responsive, however, and have worked incredibly hard to turn their initially flawed game into a real gem and it shows across the board.If you are worried that this game doesn't support the slower, meandering gameplay of the old DK series, don't be. The satisfying gameplay loop of slowly building up your dungeon until the layout is ""just so"" then using a variety of cool toys/minions/strategies to attack the enemy or draw them into traps is present in spades. There are faster-paced more demanding modes for those that enjoy that too.Which is another point, there's a LOT of content here for a low price. There are several modes favoring different gameplay (aggressive or slow), mutators to customize game behavior, numerous campaigns (normal, my pet dungeon, heart of gold, crucible) and even if you exhaust all of those, there's still a skirmish mode and a near-endless variety of Steam Workshop maps (thousands!). And that is excluding the upcoming AI revamp and one more large content DLC due this year or early-next.I bought it strictly for single-player (no intent to MP) and I cannot recommend this product highly enough. It's the new Dungeon Keeper!A few feedback points for the devs:- I was unable to start standard campaign without opening ports, the map was unresponsive to a click that would normally take me to mission lobby. This appears to be a known issue and was resolved online, but it may leave an unpleasant first impression.- Increased enemy variety would be great, Empire seems like it would wear thin after a while. It's not a dealbreaker but would be nice. Maybe even some neutral creeps, mini bosses, or areas where you can hire/build neutral units (if you control the spot, like an altar) would be cool."
76561198075309743,Recommended,230190,15204559,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,tweakthegod,I want to love this game... i really really do. Unfortunately since the full release i have been unable to play wfto. Still unsure why seeing as how my Rig easily meets the recomended specs not to mention i have 17.5 hours clocked on the Beta.
76561198044318484,Recommended,230190,15203808,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,attila.ticz,"If you loved DK2, u ll love this one as well. but the game right now isn't ready!!! so many bugs. if you can wait, wait. if you know for sure you want to play with it, than why not buy it now. just be prepared for the bugs."
76561197975705451,Recommended,230190,15183757,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Moraeulf,"Well, what can I say... basically it is a modern dungeon keeper, and its brilliant!Loving it!"
76561198003733879,Recommended,230190,15184802,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ben.x,"WftO is definately a great spiritual successor to the DK series. 1.0 release does have bug issues, and the game does need a tad more polishing. But it's a very solid game, certainly keeping true to the DK gameplay with its own additions.Like most steam games, the people who dislike will have gone through all the negative reviews to upvote them but the majority are positive.Once the devs fix up a few bugs the negative reviews will be mostly invalid."
,Not Recommended,230190,28189943,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Brad [Vancouver],"I'm torn on this one. The game very much evokes the memories of Dungeon Keeper, but at its core it's an RTS that hasn't kept up to date with modern RTS innovations. I don't care about rotating the camera or, in honestly, zooming in and out. What I really want is a way to select and group minions by dragging over them. As it stands, the interface gets in the way of what could be an otherwise fun game.The primary voice actor is fantastic. The graphics are sufficiently pretty. It's just too cumbersome to be _fun_."
76561198007228143,Recommended,230190,15183376,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jeffbomford,"Yes , buy it. Its not a spin off from DK done poorly It is in essence the 3rd one. the feel and play of the game is like the old DK's but thats what we want. nothing has compared to the Dk's of old till now. I hope the team become the next Bullfrog group but this time keep going. Looking forward to buying expansions in the future.Give this game a couple of patches and it will be smoothed out. its just released 1.0 if you check out most games that get release now adays they are patched a few times in the first few weeks. due to the vast wealth of variety in P.C's and problems from this.these guys cared for this game and it shows , its not a kickstarter rip off like most people are getting conned on .Theme hospital would be nice ^^"
,Recommended,230190,26681723,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SilencyGhost413,"It is a remake of Dungeon Keeper. If you loved Dungeon Keeper you will fall in love with this one.I only miss the old characters as well. But i guess they could come out as a expansion, or if copyright problems you could release it unofficial :pPro:+ everythingKeep the good work. Have been watching the game for a long time, and it is worth."
76561198041827348,Not Recommended,230190,20293934,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Spanky Ham,"Introduction/Foreword:I am one of the many (or not so many? Dunno...) that owns this game since the Bedrock Beta so I can tell you pretty well some negative and positive things about this game, but mostly negative....First and foremost I must admit that the guys at Subterrenean Games are working hard and passionate, however there are - as mentioned before - some very negative things that destroy the enjoyability of this game for me and will probably also for you...About the Bedrock Beta:The Beta was actually an entire mess, there was almost nothing that actually really worked it even crashed regularly and gameplay lagged as hell...So that what was actually called a ""beta"" was actually a public alpha version, but this wouldnt be a major problem if Subterrenean wouldnt have rushed the game out.At release:The game has been hastly released with alot of bugs from the ""beta"", apart of the lack of optimization for systems other than the developers.  The next disappointment was that who purchased the underlord edition didnt got everything as advertised. The soundtrack for example was missing and there was also no advertised guide. The soundtrack was added later (you buy something but you dont get the product you paid for...), dunno about the guide and I also dont care anymore...After release:It took approximately 2 major updates (1.1 and 1.2) and several minor patches before, so that the game could be called ""somehow"" - and only somehow - a working game.The latest major update (version 1.3) with a retrospective view:Well, at release of the game (version 1.0) I've first started playing the single player campaign of WFTO, however I gave up on playing the SP campaign because the campaign wasnt very balanced apart of the bugged necromancer mission (I think that was level 8...).With 1.3 I was thinking about to give the SP campaign a new try, but before I wanted to play-test some skirmish matches against the AI because the long-awaited map-editor was also released with 1.3. That was a good chance to try both things...After creating my own map and playing it I've noticed a bugged minion and worker AI and a major slowdown of the FPS. I was really hoping with patch 1.3 that such performance and AI flaws would have disappeared but they didnt. Since the Bedrock Beta there were performance and AI problems. Of course they appeared less with every major update but the latest problems in 1.3 are enough for me, my patience is literally exhausted - especially if you go through this since the Bedrock Beta, sorry Subterranean but I'm fed up from this...To the ones who are thinking to buy this game (read the above and now read the below pros/cons):Pros:+ Richard Ridings as narrator+ Gameplay is almost the same as in DK1/2, although a bit faster than in the predecessors+ Sounds effects and sound atmosphere are very well done+ The AI is very efficient (but also see Cons)+ Different salutations by the narrator (Richard Ridings) at game startup, depending on the real computer clock+ Beasts are well chosen and animated+ (Patch 1.3): Map editor with mirroring functionCons:- Minion leveling isnt well balanced, there is also no visual difference between a lvl 1 minion and a lvl 10 minion except the number stating the minion level... a level 10 minion could really need some anabolica that should lead into a visual difference...- The skirmish AI is very efficient but NOT very smart, the skirmish AI is good in going on your nerves but if you counter the skirmish AI it doesnt really know how to handle this situation.- The skirmish AI doesnt use nor place any defenses (doors/traps)- The skirmish AI doesnt use/activates artifacts- I disagree on certain regular minions in regards of their look (chunder f.e. rather looks like a ugly thin toy and not big fat bad♥♥♥♥♥like a bile demon) but this ""look"" topic is a matter of taste...- There is almost always somewhere an AI bug destroying the enjoyability of this game and which also often leads into performance issues, although the campaign might be unaffected by this because the campaign is rather more scripted than based upon the skirmish AI...Conclusion:Let's sum it upBedrock Beta = Paid Alpha which was also known as Steam Early AccessWFTO 1.0 - 1.x = Paid - almost have it working stable but still being a - BetaWFTO 1.x - ? = Final stable release... (ETA?)All what I wrote sounds very negative but if you are a passionate DK 1 and/or DK 2 player and you still dont own WFTO you should get it in a sale. People that are interested in this game but never played a dungeon game like Dungeon Keeper before should wait maybe for the next 2-3 major updates. I will however start up the game again when the next major patch (1.4 maybe?) will arrive but until then I dont have the desire to start playing it again..."
76561197991544838,Recommended,230190,16235922,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,HerrComrade,Evil is Good.
,Recommended,230190,15242127,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kendrick Lamar,"Ok,Ok, let's get a couple of things straight. First of all i have heard that this spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper,however I wasn't even born then;but i am a huge fan of management games and the RTS genre so i hope this review is unbiased with no nostalgia influencing the review.So what are the good points of this game?-Lots of content including spells,defences, rooms and so much more!-Great graphics-Chilling voice acting, mainly in the campaign-Minions are interesting with a good variety of abilities and character models-Huge tech tree-A variety of maps in the campaign-A variety of missions in the campaignOk, now for the cons-Buggy as hell-Pathfinding is stupid. Oh im sorry minion, walk through the ♥♥♥♥ing enemy dungeon to mine out one goddamn wall-Oops, got a bit angry there... possession spell is poorly done-campaign is just one big tutorial-No maps what so ever outside of the campaign. (Make one where it is just large with no stone Mr Mod-maker)-Feels unfished-No multiplayer... really...soz 'ard I can't 1v1 u m9 wiv ma MLG rallie flagz.-overpriced for what you get.So in conclusion, War for the Overworld is unfinished, i would recommend it in the future when it is properly patched, but in it's current state i would not buy it unless it is on sale or you really, really want it. However it shows promise and could be 10/10 IGN when PROPERLY FINISHED!!!"
76561198280129755,Not Recommended,230190,30708226,Posted: 24 March,all,Viktor Klemperer,"Like several other reviewers I´m put off because this can hardly be called a strategy game anymore.Yes, the developers were extremely unlucky with their campaign, Heart of Gold and lots of Steam-workshop-levels are much better.But the major problem for me is that fighting Empire is just boring because it´s always the same. Gets worse if you encounter lots of traps: They don´t do much damage, but it takes you ages to get through if fortified with Ramparts. Personally, I just send my Archon there to destroy them, do something else and take a look after an hour or so how my attack goes. How about more trap damage and less resistance?Dungeon Keeper 1 was fun for me when I played against a good AI-keeper because different to Empire other keepers could surprise you. You had to be quick to get rooms, neutral creatures, gold etc. without letting your defences down. Of course, the Dungeon Keeper AI was just♥♥♥♥♥♥ But you could write a skript with events for each map to determine their behaviour, ressources and to let them respond to your strategy.WFTO doesn´t give you any of those possibilities. The AI will always try to dig to you and attack you, even if it is seriously weaker than you. No chance to set it to ""builder"", ""defensive"" etc. So it´s always the same: Rush to train your creatures, build rooms to get good fighters, wait to retaliate the first attack and then destroy your opponent. Very boring. Might be better if you played against 2,3 or 4 AIs, but I´m already glad the game runs more or less on my brandnew (!) system if I play against 1 on a medium map (basic system requirements far more than matched). The developers obviously didn´t want us to be able to turn off at least  some of the most ressource consuming features like light effects, smoke, distortions... So be really careful: Unless your computer was made for gaming and is rather new, you won´t be able to play at least two third of the maps here on Steam.But even on these small or medium maps the game play isn´t much fun. Personally I think it´s a good idea to have Siege Shrines that allow you to dig through enemy walls if you´re playing with Replacement Earth. Otherwise it would be really frustrating. But I simply don´t understand why you and the AI are able to dig through walls even without, provided a little time. And it finally gets totally ridiculous if an Underminer, a low (!) level construct, can wipe away enemy walls in quite a range. So just don´t bother with fortifying your dungeon, it isn´t worth anything. It´s arm-as-fast-as-possible and clash, no other way of playing possible.Building a dungeon is fun because of the nice graphics and challenges provided by the terrain. For me it´s the part I like best in WFTO. But I haven´t discovered DK-Features like ""Lair Enemy"" which forced you to build your dungeon differently according to the creatures you get in order to avoid deadly arguments. Would have been really nice to have Food Enemies, Tavern Enemies and so on instead of always building the same standard-dungeon. What ever happened to Sorcerers killing Imps so you had to place your Library really carefully?Different to DK you have more possibilities of micro management here, but I can´t really handle them: If I place a Cultist in the Sanctuary to pray for gold so I can build faster, it will often simply return to the Library and I only lost research time. Maybe I´m doing something wrong, but I finally gave up trying.Creature management is the next big issue that puts me off. Lots of different creature menues to choose, but no possibility to have the classic-DK-menue where you had an overview what your creatures were doing, who was idle and who fighting. Sometimes I´m unable to pick creatures from the menue if they are fighting. Earth tiles under the buttons get accidently clicked all the time. Impossible to keep creatures in your Hand of Evil while you perform other tasks. Absolutely no idea what to do with angry creatures: In DK I could put them into the Temple to cool down. Tried to give them gold, but my Hand of Evil is always in line of sight so I mostly miss. Couldn´t see that much difference if managed though. Now I just transform them into gold (most times accidently transforming innocent creatures around as well due to very laggy gameplay). So there´s no real motivation to level-up my creatures, it´s easier to replace them if needed. Therefor I finally gave up playing with Vampires, too: Bad enough that they kill your valuable prisoners if you´re not quick enough (or gameplay laggs too much), but I can´t find a way to keep them occupied without Guard Posts, so they always start feeding on my other creatures - and they complain all the time! No total number of creatures (own and opponent´s) to tell you if it would be wise to attack. Or to give you an idea how big your army is, because in big maps they do not all respond to rally flags. Even on small maps I can´t flip through my different creature types (due to laggy gameplay?): Menue always simply jumps from the first to the last creature. This way I can´t really play with Beasts because I can´t pick them up for the Arena.And, of course, no battle menue. The only thing to give you an overview while fighting in DK with the possibility to cast spells directly on specific targets. So now just hope you´ve got more creatures, send them to battle and pray to the Gods of the Underworld. Strategy? No, action seems more important. Lots of screams and lights and keepers trying to desperately hit enemies with lightning-bolts without any success because the game jumps more and more frames. How about hot keys for spells also? At least that would stop the screen from scrolling all the time you try to cast a spell and the game already lags like hell.In several posts the developers tell us that the game is so ressource-devouring because of all the waypoints your computer has to calculate for creatures. So it definitely was a good idea to have heroes not always heading for your Dungeon Heart but simply staying where they are. But on the other hand the developers take any chance from us to reduce possible paths - f.e. by making walls indestructible without a Siege Shrine or by my most favourite trick in DK: Build a Temple- or Guard Post-tile directly next to water or lava and the height distance will be too big for non-flying enemies. That way you can (provided with Lava or Water Traps) even create one-way-roads.  So how about a Step Construct?And if you want to have really thrilling competitions with other keepers instead of one big battle you should give us the opportunity to fight several small battles at once to weaken the opponent. WFTO goes a step into that direction by introducing shrines and Titans. But the game needs much more of that! Make a Titan Shrine as the only place where players can summon a Titan. Make shrines that greatly expand your mana or increase your mana regeneration. Make rooms that cannot be built but must be discovered. And then give us back the old Invisibility Spell for our Imps, so we can annect and instantly sell all these valuable rooms if not guarded by creatures who can detect invisible enemies! That would be a way to really bring DK into this decade.And, last point: What was the idea to make dungeons  almost completely independet from gold? Nice to have rituals and spells for gold in the beginning because they really speed up building your dungeon. But training creatures should always cost gold! Only then is there a chance to starve out your opponent. Only then you are forced to keep digging into new regions instead of just staying at home to build only Beast Dens and throw your beasts constantly into Arenas.Obviously the developers expected very different things from a DK-remake than me, but I couldn´t find out what exactly, apart from impressive graphics and sounds. Looks to me like they had so many ideas that they lost their golden thread."
,Recommended,230190,16543045,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Spadie,"If anyone has played Dungeon Keeper or Dungeon Keeper II and enjoyed it, just get this. It is Dungeon Keeper in everything but name. It feels like it, it sounds like it, it probably smells like it if I could smell it.Everything in the game looks and feels just as you'd expect it to, and thanks to a Kickstarter stretch goal, Richard Ridings (The Mentor in DK1 and DK2) voices your dungeon announcer in this as well.Couldn't ask for a better spiritual successor. It scratched that 16 year itch.Also, the developers are very active in the forums and seem to genuinely care about what the community thinks, respond to questions and take suggestions to heart. Can't ask for better behavior. From what I hear as well, Patch 1.1 was a HUGE improvement over 1.0 and fixed most of the issues people had with the game previously.As JonTron would say; Ten outta ten, ten outta ten, hundred outta a hundred, best game, best game!"
,Recommended,230190,16536622,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Polis Ranger,Great game and is good to play and like the good old days.
76561197970278686,Recommended,230190,16543917,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,cswiger,"It's not called DK3, but it plays very much like what I'd like a DK3 to be-- rather than some pay-to-win mobile thing-- and there's that voice again, congratulating you on your evil deeds and chiding you for not killing the forces of good rapidly enough.  Welcome back, Keeper...I mean Underlord.Anyway, I've played thru level 6 under 1.1.6 without any significant issues.  The only thing I noticed offhand was that there is a pretty major pause at the start of some levels before the voice intro starts up.  Speaking of pauses, I want the 'Pause' key or 'P' or something to do a pause-- the esc menu sort of works, but you can't scroll with the esc menu active.Graphics quality with all the shiny enabled is looking pretty fine, and the performance seems solid-- no problems holding a steady 60FPS at 2560x1440 @ 60Hz resolution.  Wish I could zoom out a little more, though, or perhaps I'd like the UI elements around the edge of the screen to be a little smaller and not take up as much room."
,Recommended,230190,23490610,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Microsoft ©,I really like Dungeon Keeper. It would be awesome if i could play this game as some kind of frog-mutant.
76561198016352955,Recommended,230190,28364287,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Drakletannon,"Truly this game is the Dungeon Keeper successor we deserved. The gameplay is fairly good, dungeon management easily rivals the original DK games and the creatures interesting. There are issues, obviously. If you're not running an outright BEAST of a computer you'll likely be unable to run the game at all, and controlling your minions is always an issue in god games. But otherwise this is a clear ""Hell yes"" from me, go buy it. What're you waiting for, Underlord?"
76561198076077211,Recommended,230190,16541038,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Infectedwaffle,"I love this game. This game is so fun I accidently played it all the way to 2 a'clock in the morning; The gameplay is so adicting I dought I'm the only one out of the whole player base. One small problem though, if there is too many minions on the map (3+ players after 15 min., arcane fortress level, ect.) the game stars dieing from lag and I can't get anything done, even if I reduce my resolution and graphics to nothing."
76561197966121518,Recommended,230190,11565147,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dozmortal,as good as. dk3. ea are stupid not to sign with these guys done a good job.  should be dk3 isnt dk3. but will be enjoyable as all the other dungeon keepers were.  \0/ old school for the win 10/10
76561198043983575,Recommended,230190,28331682,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mrgoodbar,"Had this in  my wishlist ever since I heard news of the game that was suppose to be a follow up to DK. Decided to give it a try and wow I was not dissapointed. I feel the state of the game is great. There was no bugs that I ran into while casually playing the game which from previous comments during first release seemed to be many but they all seemed to be patched (Thank you developers and community for this). I was afraid that the game would just be some cheap attempt to remake this game that I loved so much but the developers have really gone above and beyond to make it feel like DK with the voice acting and humor. Definietly did not regret spending the dough for this game, I cannot wait to finish the campaign and whatever else they have in store!"
,Recommended,230190,28352181,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Reliant39,"Back when Dungeon Keeper 3 seemed like it might see the light of day, it carried the subtitle, ""War for the Overworld"". That should tell you all you need to know about this game. To say that the developers have taken inspiration from the two Bullfrog-developed Dungeon Keeper games is an understatement: this is as close as we'll ever get to an actual, official Dungeon Keeper 3. They even hired the original narrator.There are a few changes to the old format, but on the whole you'll still be tagging soil for your imps to dig out, build rooms to lure minions into your dungeon, construct traps and obstacles, and fight those horrible heroes. The game's original campaign is quite a bit more fast-paced than Dungeon Keeper, with a stronger focus on fending off attacks. Whereas in Dungeon Keeper you were left to your own devices, here you'll quickly become overwhelmed by the enemy if you don't build up your defences fast. I'm told the expansion offers more room for tinkerers, and I look forward to exploring the Heart of Gold campaign in due time.There isn't much else to say. I didn't pick up the game back when it was first released since reports were that it was extremely buggy. The bugs seem to have been sorted out now: the game is stable and runs well. The developers also plan to continue supporting the game well into the future: expect more patches and a few more chunky pieces of DLC. The graphics are good, though they seem only a minor upgrade from Dungeon Keeper 2 (no doubt intentionally so). If you've played Dungeon Keeper 2 and long for more: this game is the (unofficial) successor you've been looking for."
76561198024190457,Recommended,230190,24961359,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,tty146,"If you liked Dungeon keeper, this is essentially and updated version of it. Great purchase for scratching your evil overlord itch. Good value, good design, good graphics. Now laugh like a maniac and buy it."
,Recommended,230190,24850552,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Elsarild,"I'm torn between a positive review and a negative one on this one.On one hand, it is a faithful continuation of the dungeon keeper style, on the other, it could really do with some more polish, and that’s 1 year after its initial release, and even then it needed a pretty decent amount of polish as well.My biggest gripe with it is that there are a lot of stuff that only really shines with some attention to detail, a quality I feel Subterranean Games lacks in some areas; For instance, why are my minion just in the animation they were in when I picked them up? both DK1 and 2 had them visible hang from my hand, struggling even, yet here they just kind of get attached to the model of my hand, unchanging, it's small thing yes, but it lends a certain amount of credence to your role, as well as theme, with you being an extremely powerful being, being able to just pick up and do with the lower minions whatever you want.On top of that the campaign seems way shorter than any of the DK games, I'm willing to chalk some of it up to being extremely familiar with the genre, but another factor is that a large amount of the missions you're on a timer, which is in stark contrast to DK2, if not DK1 where it more often than not let the cunning Keeper control the engagement, and you're either forced into a battle because of a lack of resources than anything else.HOWEVER, this is just what it does wrong, what it does right is atmosphere, it's ideas, it expands upon Dungeon Keeper in a pleasing way, there are certainly room for improvement, and while I don't expect the Campaign to see much of it, the general gameplay is still being updated, and if you're an ancient dungeon keeper like me, you're sure to find some value in this game."
76561198005940129,Recommended,230190,20568414,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JaZakh,"It seems to be perfect remake of the dungeon keepers.  Has the same narrator as the original +but Alas: there's nothing new under the sun.. ground.. whateverremake but no new steps forward.  that said, it might still come.  the devs have brought out a full working game & are still upgrading it..  who knows .?."
,Recommended,230190,23466888,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Vault Boy,"It is the perfect Dungeon Keeper sequel for me, great game, I highly recommend it:)."
76561198042070331,Recommended,230190,24083476,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Anonymous,"Slapping minions, building the dungeon of your dreams, torture, what's not to love? This is a true spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper 2. If you enjoyed that game then you'll definately love this one."
76561198111010871,Recommended,230190,24100785,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,YukiThor,If you're into Dungeon Keeper you'll like this
,Recommended,230190,18187138,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Grunt,"Updated: An even more interesting alternative is actually an early access game calledDwelvers. The developers are amazingly active and immediately responsive to the community, fixing problems and implementing requests.Dwelvers offers dungeon layers, cave ins and topside action, craftable equipment and all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's excellent and on the road to being my definitive choice so far astheDK successor.Back to WFTO - I do recommend the game as there's some good fun to be had (again) treating this as a DK 2.0 reboot.Some solid work was put into the game assets. The writing (in large measure) is also well done and they brought in Richard Ridings once again as mentor, and general grumpy evil scolder of things.This isn't DK3 because that would involve finally breaking out onto the surface. From what I'm seeing that's not going to happen, unless WFTO is expanded - that would be great and all former DK fans would appreciate it.Unfortunately there's also some (IMO anyway) glaring contrived things, most notably - sand.Sand is being used to artificially separate enemy assets from the player. You can't claim it, replace it, put down a sheet of steel (or stone, wood, magic or anything else) to create a connection to take over enemy tiles beyond it.It's downright stupid, frankly. I think the developers may have decided to use this because they didn't want to go to the effort of dealing with (a lot of added) level design complexities and logic where the player can capture (or cross and continue to capture) empire tiles beyond the single sand tiles carefully laid out as this silly barrier.I'm calling this out because it may seem low priority but it's actually not. Part of the interest for many of DK is taking over every inch of the underworld, one map at a time.Another issue more toward ""imposed balance"" is mana (and worker) caps. They've done the system in a way explicitly limiting the players ability to create truly massive defensive systems sprawled across the underworld.There are other things lacking as well.But, it's 2015, the game as-is has without question had a lot of work put into it much of which is good quality. Far more than not it is definitely an updated take on the DK series with some things that used to be fun not implemented or allowed at all.For long time DK fans it's still worth a romp and visually it looks great. I still have my original DK1 + 2 CD's, bonus packs and maps I made sitting on a NAS. And I've played both as recently as last year on W7. Takes just a little work then the games work perfectly.For those without DK experience you should go get and play both of them if you really want to understand and appreciate where WFTO is coming from.It should (or hopefully) be possible to use an editor to change the core campaign maps to eliminate the stupid sand or (even better) change the properties of sand to make sense (claimable).The DK editor doesn't by default allow saving campaign maps but that's easily gotten around and allowed players to fine tune campaign maps to suit how they wanted to play it, in every regard.Hopefully the WFTO map editor is at-least as capable. I've no idea, yet."
76561197960449762,Recommended,230190,23526117,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,par,"The great thing about this is that it is very similar to Dungeon Keeper in its basic design, but with some graphical updates and new stuff to play with. There are some minor refinements, like that the campaign never requires you to use the first-person ""possession"" mode. It's fun, and could absolutely pass for a sequel to Dungeon Keeper, so it's reasonably worthwhile if you liked Dungeon Keeper. And it supports Linux, which is the reason I bought it.However, it also has a small number of significantly annoying issues.There isn't that much content! As you can see, it took me 33 hours to complete the game and DLC, and I play slowly and restarted several levels. Maybe the multiplayer is good, but I have not tried it.Compared to Dungeon Keeper, the level design is a little bit rough with respect to discovering what you should do. In several levels I had to restart multiple times because there was some point on the map I was supposed to rush (because the scenario becomes unplayably hard past a certain number of minutes, so there is no time to  e.g. train minions) or NOT rush (because doing a certain thing causes every enemy in the level to pour down at once, or because it gets your minions wasted when the particular level provides no way to replace them), but no way to discover this without screwing up. This reduces the fun somewhat. The levels play significantly smoother in ""Heart of Gold.""A Dungeon Keeper game doesn't need an amazing plot, but this still suffered from writing issues. The ""plot"" was so overbearing and lame that I'd rather have just played the scenarios without any plot, and I did not find the humor up to the Dungeon Keeper standard. To be clear, I enjoy dark humor. It made the game embarrassing to play in the room with other people and if I knew a sequel had the same writing, I probably wouldn't buy it.There are also way, way too many confusing and irrelevant messages in-game, kickstarter in-jokes I guess; they feel almost constant and they are distracting and sometimes misleading. I really would have liked to be able to skip all that.The cutscenes aren't really skippable and it would have been nice to be able to check the text from these like a ""mission briefing"" instead of being forced to sit through the really slow pan-arounds (which were more annoying for the performance issues). This would have been less of an issue except that the content of the cutscenes was so lame.And there are some performance issues, nothing unplayable, but the game can get pretty choppy even on a fairly recent video card. I found myself avoiding the ""reveal map"" ability because it made the game unplayably slow."
,Recommended,230190,23535559,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Man,Has gotten a lot better since its release now that its had a few patches to fix things!
,Recommended,230190,20435447,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[a]Lome,I played the campaign it took me 20 hours. I found no reason to keep playing after that but I really enjoyed that time. If it's on sale buy it; If it isn't and you have nothing else you want to play at a lower price I think it's still worth it.
,Recommended,230190,23742214,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ScarToxic,"Dungeon Keeper 3, plain and simple.The old formula with very little changed and updated with more modern polygonal graphics.Can't go wrong, highly recommend."
76561198030383890,Recommended,230190,23839483,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yoshijoshi,"Got the game for just under £10 on sale and it has been by far one of the most enjoyable games I have played over the past few years, if you love dungeon siege style games with a mix of base building than this game if for you.I do have a few issues where my fps drops blew 10 for a few seconds than goes back to normal but this is the only issue I have had with the game thus far.At the time of righting this review I have put just over 2 hours into the game and can feel myself putting many more hours in the coming weeks and months and I'll update the review once I have played more of the game"
,Recommended,230190,23317709,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ﮎяϋ۰JohnnyBlazzed,"I held off on buying this game for awhile, despite how excited I was when I first heard about it, do to all the sketchy people doing EA and releasing games that aren\'t finishing and then dropping them.I am pleased to say that the fine team at Brightrock is not just looking for a money grab. They made an amazing spiritual successor to one of my all time favorite games. Despite a rocky start, they really pulled through.Awesome game"
76561198131416604,Recommended,230190,28349011,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TrundlerG,"I bought this game with high expectations and hopes. Not only it didn't betray them but it even surpassed them! I would give it 10/10Before talking about the game first let me tell you that I'm one of the most hardcore strategy players (skip this paragraph if you don't want to read it). I've played AOE, AOE II, AOE III, AOM, Rise of Nations, Rise of Nations: Thrones and Patriots, all General games, WC III, WC Frozen Throne, The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth, Total Annihilation: Kingdoms, and pretty much evey strategy game online and on the phone. I've also played a lot of Tower Defense and similar games. I'm not trying to show off here but rather say I've seen what the Genre has to offer. So when I say ""high expectations"" I mean really high.This game offers a definitely unique experience. You can command your armies like a true Overlord, you can lead them into battle like a true leader or you can play tower defense with your enemies! LOL. But maybe you are into sneaking games and stealth operations: No problem. Just hand pick your few elite companions and take the enemy forces down one by one. But be careful not to think of your troops as mere npcs because they might make mistakes and they need sleep, food and good pay!This game's big difference with the other games I've played in that it lets you play however you like with an army as big as you want and for as long as you want but more importantly, you can play as the BAD GUY! There is almost no other game that lets you be the bad guy! But not in this game. You are literally a Demon Lord who is attacking the dwarf and human nations and wiping them clean out of existance. I mean I personally kept some of their talented sorceresses by making them an offer they couldn't refuse in my torture chambers, but you can kill them too if you felt like it. But after you've conquered the human kingdom and finished the Heart Of Gold DLC, you won't get bored cause there are countless player made maps you can try and the game updates regularely.Edit: I almost forgot. All your creatures can Level up! They gain more hp, mana and abilities as they lvl up. This is also something you don't see in a lot of games. WC III and Battle For Middle-earth had it too but only for hero units."
76561198333092159,Recommended,230190,30949733,Posted: 4 April,all,"God dammit, Get off the laptop!","I found this game to be a lot of fun, and the Narrator, voiced by Richard Ridings of Dugeon Keeper fame, strikes the exact right tone for sarcasm and personality.There are actually quite a wide selection of beasts and minions for you to direct, all with their own unique role.The unlockable themes are worth pursuing, even though they are merely cosmetic changes. My favourite so far is the Arcane theme form the My Pet Dungeon expansion, but I think that Rhaskos' theme is worth getting.The DLC is worth getting. Heart of gold is an exploration based campaign and My Pet Dungeon adds 8 distinct sandbox levels.The problem with this game is that the main campaign tends to fall back to endless waves of enemies assaulting your dungeon and can be difficult for those with a more patient playstyle. The game does try to present these levels as something different each time. In one endless wave level, you have to reinforce an already breached dungeon before the waves begin, and another has you defending a second overlord from about 300 enemy minions. Ultimatley though, both levels have you attempting to outlast the timer.Overall, I do reccomend this game, but not for the base campaign. I am going to point out that I'm about half way through the main campaign and have about 70 hours of game time for War for the Overworld at this point. That's almost entirley down to the DLC and sandbox modes. The humour is very much apparent and the devs are still maintaining the game and listen to feedback about it. The campaign may feel rushed, but the DLC campaigns have the opposite feel and are the most fun I've had in an RTS for years."
,Recommended,230190,35151454,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,"7/10If you liked the orginal Dungeon Keeper series, then your in the right place. :)Excellent Audio narration!A good game overall, However at the end of my campaign playthough  I was annoyed to see the game slow down to the point where its not as playable or fun like on the previous levels which ran fine. So a slight techical issue there, perhaps that has been ironed out now."
76561198178400465,Recommended,230190,35155968,Posted: 23 September,all,supergrml,"If you like Dungeon Keeper, you will love War for the Overworld. I suggest you get My Pet Dungeon with it for some relaxing rounds."
76561198132713747,Recommended,230190,35191592,Posted: 24 September,all,Shawnaster,Loved Dungeon Keeper? Loved Dungeon Keeper 2? You'll like this a lot. All it needs is the gambling casino to get your minions dancing. :)
76561197960525169,Recommended,230190,16043478,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hunter,"Really fun throwback to DK2. If you like management games (DK1&2, Evil Genius, Theme Hospital, etc) you will get your money's worth here. Took awhile to get in a good, playable state but new ver is stable for me. Some issues with frame drops and stalls but no freezes or CTD. Campaign fully implemented. More variety in units/rooms/tools than other similar games. Lots of fun."
76561198028127201,Recommended,230190,16949899,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Naurgalen,"A solid 7.5, maybe a 8I really liked the game, it captures most of the spirit of the original Dungeon Keeper games + some improvements and that alone is a feat that any indie game should be really proud. I was pleasantly surprised, because Im a total fan of the series.If I dont give it a 8 or 9/10 is because the ""sim/soul"" part of the game is still lacking compared to all the other things. The creatures are different in appearance and some even in combat, but what about personality's? In the DK games you had the bile demon wanting tons of food, the dragons lots of gold, spiders hating flies, wizards wanting silence in their library's, dogs fertilizing your cementerys etc... Those things not only made you think about how to place rooms or witch creatures try to summon for X or Y lvl, but added a lot to the feeling of your dungeon being ""alive"" and populated by creatures with desires and/or uses for non room activity's.The other thing is polish and pacing, but that is probably easier to fix with feedback and the experience the devs already gained by making the game. All in all, its a really good game that can be recommended to any DK fan."
76561198068099703,Recommended,230190,28482065,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Shiroe,"I could write an essay about this game, but I won't.Simply put, if you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper 2, go and play it!If you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper 95, but didn't like Dungeon Keeper 2, this game might not be for you.It's just THE only and next best thing out there at the moment that could be considered a follow up of the good ol' DK games."
76561198030794979,Recommended,230190,30190196,Posted: 26 February,all,JohnvanTuyn,"After a rocky start they've got this game stable now, with improved UI.So now it's a definitive yes from me.The good: This game really caputures the spirit of the old dungeon keeper 2. And actually takes it one step further, with more spells, carftable consumables and rituals.The bad: Nothing much, it takes a relatively beefy machine to play on medium settings."
76561197968398669,Recommended,230190,16569411,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nido,"(Scroll down for pros/cons/verdict)I grew up playing dungeon keeper 2. My step dad originally introduced me, and I was immediately hooked. ""It's good to be bad"" was the game's slogan, and it held true to that. The third title was never released because bullfrog was aquired by every gamer's favorite company, EA. So when I heard EA was making a mobile dungeon keeper game a while back, I was interested, but extremely skeptical. Turned out to be freemium garbage as I expected. No dungeon keeper for like 15 years and you decide to bring it back as a cashgrab shell of its former self? Classic EA. There would never be another great DK game, or so I thought.Then I found out about WFTO. An independent group of people making a new DK game. Again, I had my heart crushed and stomped on before, so I was skeptical. When I first read reviews, it was from before the game's 1.1 patch, and they were rather mixed. Bugs, glitches, memory leaks, etc. I veered away at the time, but still checked up on it occasionally to see how the developers would respond. Over time, I started to notice that the developers were totally ontop of♥♥♥♥♥♥ They were working hard to fix everything, and genuinely seemed to care about making a true successor to DK2. I became more interested and waited for it to go on sale.When I finally purchased it and played, I was hooked. I played till like 6 in the morning. This totally felt like what DK3 could have been if bullfrog were still around. They even got the original announcer! It was easy at first because of being a DK2 veteran, but eventually started to challenge me a bit more. I got my  handed to me a couple times on level 9 (Belmourne's pass) and had to start working out different strategies. I played nonstop and got to the final level in about two days, which I could not complete because of a glitch. This was pretty annoying, and I messaged the moderators on their subreddit (/r/WFTO). They were quick to respond and said it would be fixed. A couple days later, they released a patch that fixed everything I had trouble with, and I was able to complete the game in about 15 hours overall.For those unfamiliar with the series, you play as an unseen and omnipotent underlord. You manage your dungeon from a top down perspective and carve out rooms to attract minions to your lair. You use these minions to wipe out the humans (or other underlords) kind of like an RTS. I have to state though, that this is not a traditional RTS. You do not have to micro tons of units, instead you place a flag and all your minions will rally there. They use their own abilities too, so again don't let your bad micro skills stop you from buying this. You can set up defenses, fortifications, cast spells, rituals, and create constructs. There's a ton of different ways to succeed. Once you've eliminated the campaign objective or the human/cpu player's dungeon core, you win.PROS:- Original Announcer from the old DK games- Funny- More content than DK2- Countless ways to go about winning- Gameplay is unique from other RTS- Take control of a minion and join the battle in FPS mode- Satisfying to build things- Developers genuinely care about game- Multiplayer (Fight with or against your friends)- Campaign, skrimish, survival, sandbox, plus multiplayer. 5 Modes boys.- More content on the way- ChallengingCONS:- Ending is awkward and unsatisfying at the moment (They will fix)- You may run into a glitch or two (Again, they will fix)- Little pricey- AI still needs a little work (AI won't build traps or defenses guarding their dungeon core, so you can just send all your units directly at it and 90% of the time you'll win. This is mainly a problem in multiplayer/skrimish.)OTHER:- You might have to mess with the graphic settings a bit to get it to run smoothly- To host a multiplayer game may require port forwardingVERDICT:If you played the old DK games and liked them, I highly reccommend this. If you want a taste of the gameplay before you're sure, go get DK2 and play a few missions of that. While the campaign is great, I also reccommend getting a friend to buy it and trying out multiplayer.8/10."
76561197970103344,Not Recommended,230190,28822371,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DAD HAMMER,"I really want to like this game but it just misses the mark quite badly.At first glance it feels and looks (albeit much nicer gfx) then Dungeon Keeper 2, the narrator is a nice touch along with the murky audio.However after a few hours of gameplay it all feels a bit thin, the narrator becomes far too much notifying you of every single little detail and incredibly grating.None of the minions have much personality and all seem to act the same other then scout units who, well, scout and attack from a distance.Unfortunately I have to compare to Dungeon keeper as it was claimed to be the successor to it and I will :In Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 every minion that entered your dengeon you would carefully select or send back according to what you needed. You would pay attention to them and track their leveling up process and aim to keep them happy.In WFTO it doesnt seem to matter what enters your dungeon as you can just seem to bum rush the enemy from one end of the map to the other as soon as you have a big enough army (which really doesnt take too long), as the unlockable 'sins' or room/spell unlocks chart pretty much throws all rooms at you within 20 minutes of a skirmish game.In DK you would have to make a decision at the beginning of a game, Turtle, tech, aggressive or a mix of the 3 again, depending on the situation, sometimes rushing off to the enemy to fortify choke points and then take some time to unlock tech and build defenses, again in WFTO it really doesnt feel like it matters as long as you get enough minions in your dungeon.Lastly is the actual 'feel' of the game, and theres no real way to properly explain what I mean but WFTO just doesnt feel as kinetic and 'meaty' as DK 1 & 2 did, the units feel hollow and jittery, clipping into eachother while their audio (while very good quality) just seems to either be far to loud or too quiet and cuts off randomly.Even if I were to not compare it to DK I still would feel a tad unsatisfied as nothing seems to have been properly finished or polished off and  misses out crucial finishing touches that makes the game stand out, and instead appears flat across the board.I DO WANT TO LIKE THIS GAME, and I keep coming back to it but it is always unsatisfying to finish a session.I will not talk about stability issues (even though they plague the game and my rig is far better then required..) as that helps no one and I'm sure will ... eventually ... be ironed out.at £10 it could be worth a look but for full price, I am afraid not.(note I backed this game from the very start..)"
,Not Recommended,230190,28453912,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xikil,It's a shame the game is hardly a challenge. It feels like you're just building your base after which you grind to the enemies core and you can start the next level. Managing your economy is also nothing you have to worry about as you will have more gold than you can spend.
76561198006213243,Recommended,230190,16564994,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stuck AZ,Dungeon Keeper 3! Same gameplay same great narrator 10/10!
,Recommended,230190,33205534,Posted: 3 July,all,HavocPat,"So this is my first time reviewing a game on Steam. I first picked up Dungeon Keeper 2 in 1999 and played it on and off (keeping a dedicated Windows 98 computer kicking just for it until around 2007). Needless to say, I’m a huge fan. I followed this WFTO through its Kickstarter, and was playing it release day.It’s beating a dead horse now but the initial release product wasn’t great. It was bad enough that I couldn’t play it between slowdowns, crashes, and bugs. I put it down and forgot about it till this year. After picking it up this summer I’ve just beaten my way through the main campaign and the Heart of Gold expansion, as well as the My Pet Dungeon expansion. I’m around 200 hours logged.PRO'SIf you didn’t know any better you would assume this was an authorized third game. The sounds, creatures, and enemies all really feel like they would belong in the original games.I loved the new constructs, like construct earth to fix dungeon walls and the gold portals. Both were highly appreciated additions.The peaceband and custom rally flags were also incredibly helpful (although I didn’t discover it till about a 100 hours in). I immediately went back and restarted the main campaign and heart of gold after I discovered these features.CON'SI guess one of the best complaints about a video game, it’s too short. I want more. The main campaign was only 13 missions which flew by way to quick for me.Halfway through the main campaign there is a Necromancer mission. It drag. The level takes way too long and it isn’t very interesting. During the level there isn’t much to do for the player except drop rally flags and wait. I get what they are trying to do and it’s very similar to the facility levels in Starcraft, but it’s just not very fun.Finally, that ending… I had to go check the forums to make sure my computer didn’t bump me out of an ending video. I get what they were implying but it was so short and anticlimactic that it feels like the developers ran out of time. I’d love to see a more developed ending eventually patched in or have it directly expanded upon in an expansion.OVERALLIf you are looking for something to scratch that DKII fix, this is it. The dev's have worked hard to fix the product since launch and it is a fantastic spirtual sequel."
76561198043708977,Recommended,230190,15211126,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,necronis999,just like dungeon keep 2 with more thing they add.
,Recommended,230190,17188228,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,CrazyCalvin,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper, then you will like this game. It still has flaws but unlike other games, THIS game gets patched quite frequently. get the game keeper,"
,Recommended,230190,18337826,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,KauaiBoy,"So yeah OK this game had some issue at luanch, but I am happy to say it is in a sweet spot now.  I remember the game crashing on level 3 as I was asked to build a blade trap, but now no problems at all.  If you liked/like DK/DK2 than pick this game up."
76561197998751055,Recommended,230190,18670820,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,weavah9,"A sort of spiritual sequel to the Dungeon Keeper games. The good ones. Very obviously made by fans of those.When I say 'obviously made by fans', I mean that the route it has taken to grow past the limitations of its ancestors is more like you'd expect from someone who wants more fo the game, not less of it. It adds options. So many options. Like, wow, man, that's a lot of options.It's on the verge of feeling badly cluttered, but manages to avoid this. Instead, it feels like your dungeon is more fluid and adaptable.If you liked DK and DK2, you will probably really enjoy this game. If you never played them, then this game will show you why you sometimes hear those older games spoken of fondly."
76561198032834655,Recommended,230190,18888275,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LonelyTandemBiker,"I began following and supporting this game early on, as I'm a huge fan of DK2 and really wanted a newer, better ""DK3"" to play. While initially I let the game sit in my steam library, it's finally at a point in development where I would rather play WftO than DK2! The game is amazing and is only getting better.Same humour as the original, same fun campaign style. Latest patch actually made WALLS USEFUL, which was a huge issue for DK2 fans. Multiplayer is a bit unstable ATM, but still a lot better than any CIv games.If you enjoyed DK1+2, and want something similar, this is the only game I've found that will satisfy that itch!EDIT: After having beaten the second campaign in their new expansion pack ""Heart of Gold"" I feel like this game has developed into something greater than DK1/2. I can't recommend this game enough. If you're a fan of DK2 you MUST buy this."
,Recommended,230190,17908164,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[GoD] Alyas Grey,"This is very reminiscent of Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2, which are arguably the two greatest ""Dungeon Creator's"" of all-time.  In fact I would say that this is a pretty blatant copy of it, if the series hadn't been out of print for 16 years.This is one of many series that Electronic Arts killed when they started buying up companies and then metaphorically salting the earth where the more quirky popular series once grew.  Bullfrog had Populous, Magic Carpet, Dungeon Keeper and Syndicate.  Origin had Ultima, Ultima Underworld and Wing Commander.  Heck, they even killed their own Mutant League Sports series when they became a ""serious company"".TL:DR - WftO is a lot like Dungeon Keeper 1&2, this is a good thing and thank God someone brought back the classic gameplay since EA sucks at pleasing fans of classic titles they own the rights to."
76561197989858700,Recommended,230190,23700730,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Aggrajag,WftO is the best drug for a Dungeon Keeper addict. The game has been improving a lot since release and the new campaign offers a nice new challenge.
76561198130446009,Recommended,230190,15211303,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Strathis,"Worth every penny and im sure the free DLC will be too, if you buy before the start of mayive never bothered to reveiw a game before, but these dev's deserve it fans that have Modernised a game they loved (dungeon keeper for you kids) and made it betterit was worth the 15 year wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,230190,16381570,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Inquisitor Stumpy,"The fact that they got Richard Ridings, the original voice actor from DK1 & DK2 makes this the clear successor to our beloved Dungeon Keeper series."
76561197971241453,Recommended,230190,18254837,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Frogbottom,"If you liked the original DK games this is the closest thing to the originals you can get allthough it still has its own unique features, so its not a simple remake.There were some bumps in the road at release but the developers has been very dedicated and have released a large number of patches since then.In my opinion this is the best way, presently, to experience being an evil dungeonlord (next to actually building yourself a real dungeon that is..)."
,Recommended,230190,18336879,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Struggles the Puppy,"This game was freakin' amazing. If you enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper games you'll really enjoy this. They improved on all the things you wish had existed in the previous games. They kept true to a lot of your favorite things too. Even if you only play through the campaign once, your money is not wasted. It's a really great strategy game with some fun brain teaser levels. I beat it in a weekend and now I can't wait to take my friends on in the multiplayer. Really appreciated all the detail they put into it. Very well done!"
,Recommended,230190,16403995,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Spanner Monky,"havent played since last year and they have got so far, very good game, cant believe i can play this again in realy nice graphics :)"
76561198148233426,Recommended,230190,17173856,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Gen_shotgun,definitly not not dungeon keeper 3.
76561198018745391,Recommended,230190,18421318,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kazansky,"The Good:Great game, just like a modern remake of dungeon keeper 2 with a few added features.The Bad:Doesn't support AMD Crossfire. Cranking the graphics to the max does put the strain on my r9 290x, but I have a 2nd one just sitting there idling."
76561198255598331,Recommended,230190,18657018,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,m0rgan0,"I'd hear about this game becasue of a rumor and as a fan of the dungeon keeper games I had to check it out. I was not dissapointed, this game is brilliantly done and is a brings back so many great memorys, with lots of extra features and abilities that dont feel out of place it adds extra an extra depth that is makes it so much more enjoyable. 10/10"
76561198025282436,Recommended,230190,20131798,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dragonmiroff,"For me this is a game still in development, the ending of the campaign is very confusing, to the point it is either really bad or its a, to be continued.However, the game is easy (still trying to complete DK 1) and I was able to complete each level up to level 10 first time and the final level. 11 and 12 took many many attempts.It has the feel of DK series but the humour is not as good. I was playing to 4AM one night and it did not tell me to go to bed or that my imps did an impression of me.The voice of the narrator is the same but not in the same style. This is not DK 3 but it is a good modern DK style game.I have only played campaign and felt this was quick to play and the ending needs something doing to it but I enjoyed it. For £14 it was good, full price, no. I am glad I waited for this release than the early access and can say it worked on my laptop and desktop with only a little stuttering on the laptop (Win 8 integrated chip graphics).Work on the ending lads, I mean complete it, and if it is to be completed by DLC, think about how you will finish it and the cost as at mo, the game at full price.....is not good.Further, Nice work so far lads, looking forward to your future work."
76561198047440452,Recommended,230190,23313025,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Old Cat 🐱,"The closest thing to Dungeon Keeper 3 that we will ever get. Unless they'll release WFTO2, I suppose."
,Recommended,230190,23574652,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Saul_Myers,"TL;DR:  I like this game, this is a good game in my opinionWall of text ahead.Well, look at you, sitting there, wondering if you should buy this game.Chances are, you've played Dungeon Keeper 1, and 2, and perhaps, you loved it, like I did.You probably want more of  that greatness. It's good to be bad, right? Just like old good DK teaches us.But see, there's something not quite right...It looks like dungeon keeper.It smells like dungeon keeper.It tastes like dungeon keeperIt sounds like dungeon keeper.But something is off, it's not exactly a dungeon keeper.I just can't put my finger on it...Wall of text ends here."
,Recommended,230190,15215466,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SCORPION2000,The TRUE successor to Dungeon Keeper 1-2 it's still a bit ruff in some areas but is patched often i highley recommend this game for all old and new DK game type fans!
,Recommended,230190,17300606,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Nice game, lots of fun for a few hours. More contents would be great.The narrator is really lame. He sounds lame and what he says is actually very lame.6.5/10"
,Recommended,230190,17541790,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"So, now that WftO has had a few months to cook after its disastrous (and incomplete) launch, what do we have now at version 1.1?Well, if you're looking for a Dungeon Keeper 3 that actually works this time, WftO is now it.  The game takes the premise of its spirtual ancestor, and expands it with new units, tools, and various other goodies.  Not all of this is for the best, however; many units and tools still feel underdeveloped and underbalanced.  Again, however, WftO now stands out as the best and the brightest of the DK-alikes out there (although, with Dungeons 2 as its only real competitor these days --with maybe KeeperRL as a very distant 3rd -- that's not saying much).+ Tried and tested Dungeon Keeper gameplay with its own spin.  That's the biggest plus right there.  After many patches, the dev team pretty much nailed what makes the DK formula special.  This single plus pretty much covers up for the game's myriad sins:- Campaign needs another pass.  One big quibble is the way that new units and tools are dumped willy-nilly on the player, with no warning or explanation, as the campaign progresses.  DK made sure that new stuff was properly introduced -- and necessary! -- at the end of each campaign mission.  WftO doesn't.- Poor use of all this new and different stuff in the campaign.  You get a lot of different toys and units, but you will not end up using some of them at all in the campaign.  (See: stone bridge).  This may be useful when playing multiplayer, but it's just clutter in the campaign.  Even read a book that cries out for better editing, for elimination of dross and a better focus on what is important?  WtfO needed a better editor, as it were.  There's just too much redundant stuff in it.  DK2 stripped away a lot of DK1's units and tools, as was the better game for it.- Much more MP focused than the DK games were.  WftO was evidently created by folks who thought DK's MP was the high point of the game, which is arguable.  As a result, you get less of a contemplative, polish your dungeon to a high sheen gameplay in favor of... zerg rushes and click-click-clicky around the map.- I was wondering if the devs were trolling me when I ""won"" the game.  Abrupt and unrewarding to say the least.  Not as bad, say, as an old NES game that just displayed ""CONGRATULATIONS"" on a black screen, but close.- I hate timed missions in a game centered on building stuff.  The campaign has a few.TL;DR: WtfO is close, but not quite, for those who waited patiently over the decades for a DK3.  It's definitely still worth a shot, though."
,Recommended,230190,18267837,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Markz0r the Saint,"It's pretty much like the old dungeon keeper with some new gadgets and slightly different creatures.the game feels a bit unbalanced atm but it gets a lot of patches to fix it. Support is very good.If you like dungeon keeper, you will like this as well."
76561197974026700,Recommended,230190,23401624,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Yusho,"finally a good strategy game with some ""fresh"" ideas (from dungeon  keeper)totaly worth the money even if there are still some bugs, you get a nice singleplayer campaign and multiplayer fun for your money."
,Recommended,230190,23573043,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JimmyTheTurtle,"Where do I start with this game? Ahh, yes... YOU ARE AN EVIL GOD! One of the best RTSs that I have ever played. Everyone has a secret evil side, some less secret than others... but that doesn't matter, AS LONG AS I GET TO HEAR THE PAINED CRIES OF MY ENEMIES AS MY MINIONS SLAUGHTER THEM ALL! The narrator is definitely my favorite character, he is hilarious. The best part of this game, besides being evil, is that it is an RTS that feels like it isn't an RTS, you actually have minions that need taking care of, they eat, drink, sleep, work, fight, and get paid (and get tortured). You literally have to control your own society, while fighting the empire. Plus, in my opinion the campaign gets incredibly difficult as you get to Mira's Dungeon. I will not inform you who Mira is, because that could be a spoiler. There is really only one thing that I don't like. Every other Underlord is completely useless, they don't do anything except mutter giberish. I won't get into too much detail as that could also be a spoiler. Overall 9/10."
76561198078167963,Recommended,230190,16461438,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ben,"Not quiet as good as Dungeon Keeper, but still definately worth a go."
76561198075253197,Recommended,230190,16427633,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Arieswar,Yes.. all i can say buy this if u want more of DK playing hell yes..Its harder then dk2 aswell never rage quit more in my life lol.
,Recommended,230190,23840006,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineGood evening Underlord, it's paydayI loved the classic Bullfrog Production Dungeon Keeper series, except the disaster of the ""game"" which is Dungeon Keeper Mobile. The basic premise of Dungeon Keeper was to build a dungeon and try and survive the human scum and I've always wanted a modern remake of the classic game, and thankfully there is, War for the Overworld!The game is mostly the same as the Dungeon Keeper series, you order your minions to build a dungeon and train your soldiers and such to prepare to attack the enemyThe graphics still too is mostly the same as the Dungeon Keeper series, as a matter of fact, there isn't any changes between the Dungeon Keeper series and War for the Overworld which is a shame as I excpected some new game mechanics to be introducedAt first, the game ran like poop, but after a while, the game ran well and I have no complaints with the AI although many people complained about the AI before I purchased the game so it seems as if the developers patch the game regularly and fixed the issues many people complained about before my purchase of the gameAnd of course, the original voice actor from the Dungeon Keeper series makes a return in War for the Overworld!War for the Overworld is a good game but for people who played the living hell (no pun intended) out of the Dungeon Keeper series, there isn't much difference between this game and Dungeon Keeper but for people who like strategy games then this is the game for you!Now Underlord, get back to work!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198035348605,Recommended,230190,26144174,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Faxnuke,"This game is a very good remake of Dungeon Keeper...nothing more, nothng less.Maybe it's a little easy...and there are many spells and potions that are definitely not necessary.Anyway I had a lot of fun playing it, considering the cost it was worth to get it.I'm downloading the DLC , hoping to have some more hours of fun."
76561198180812659,Recommended,230190,19633316,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,St0myr,Even though it is still a bit buggy it is a worthy descendant of DK - it could have been a bit longer too and the last lvl was too easy. If it is on sale you should insta-buy it - if you are a DK fan like myself you should buy it regardless.
76561198047493311,Recommended,230190,19542295,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Unknown_Player,"Absolutely wonderful single player campaign I just wish it was longer, however I still felt completely enthralled and satisfiedright until the credits started rolling. I haven't had much experience with the multiplayer as the lobby seems to remain fairlybarren but the few matches I did play part in were heartpounding and suspensful.  I don't think its worth the price of $32 especially noting how short the campaign was, but it was still so enjoyable that I can happily give this game a thumbs up.Get this game. do it. stop reading reviews you now know its worth it."
,Recommended,230190,16476599,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JoeMoustache,Dungeon Keeper returns! Awesome game.
76561198108263316,Recommended,230190,16476847,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Renegade,"I was a massive fan of the original Dungeon keeper, so i was really excited for this when i heard about it, and i am really enjoying it.Over the last couple of weeks the game has been hugley fine tuned and a handful of additional features added or existing ones built upon, so the comments saying the game is not finished, are misleading.The game is being polished and maybe two or three additional things added here and there, which i think people are mistaking for...""ITS NOT EARLY ACCESS AND THEY'RE ADDING♥♥♥♥♥♥STILL...OMG""....Ignore those people, it's fine tuning and one or two additional things being added to bulk up the game, but like any game, actually watch a video or two on it, read the updates to see how regularly things are happening, and make your own decision.10/10 would spark a potential backlash from the ""Not Recommended People Again""=)"
,Recommended,230190,30961233,Posted: 5 April,all,c0ldpr0xy,"Developers should take note of how you properly use the ""early access"" system. This is what it was meant for. Not the garbage survival trending genres that developers keep milking.As for the game, it stays true to the previous DK games in every aspect which was the major point and they achieved it.  glhf"
,Recommended,230190,18936737,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Deteno,"I have tried a lot of hopefuls to the dungeon keeper throne over the years. Overlord, Dungeons, Impire; they all had their charms but none were quite what I was hoping for and I REFUSE to buy Dungeon Keeper 2 from EA after they butchered the whole thing. I was really timid about going into this game because I had been disappointed so many times before but I have been greatly impressed by this game, it has filled the hole in my heart.It's really easy to jump into if you've played other dungeon games, the skill trees are an interesting addition that makes multiplayer matches more dynamic. With the beast den, potions, constructs and rituals it feels like a genuine spiritual successor to those classics.The one and only complaint I have is the lack of a dragon-like monster. When I was a kid I always loved to craft a dungeon and populate it with like 30 dragons. Huge scaly firebreathing besties make everything better! who knows though, might be added in future DLC or something. XD...maybe a skin for the Auger, that would work! Now I have to look into moddingOkay I'm just rambling now so I'm gonna cut it here.In Conclusion: War for the Overworld is awesome and you should play it!"
,Recommended,230190,15214797,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,INCIESSE,"The game will be less buggy and polished soon, and no one else has stepped up to the challenge of bringing back bullfrogs dungeon keeper (save the abhorrent mobile game from EA who murder bullfrog productions) so for me STG has sparked a childhood dream for me and it will be visible to others very soonid like to add that STG has realesed around 13 patches in three days, how many devs can u think of who work that hard?"
76561198025698686,Recommended,230190,17943385,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,fenerismoon,"While at first this game was buggy and incomplete. A serious application of hard work and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of quickfire patches have turned this into a well-polished proffessional game that finally succeedes where others have failed, to make a spiritual sequel to Dugeon Keeper 1 and 2."
76561197969715965,Recommended,230190,15268512,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,PhearFactor,"***70***Decent game with tons of bugs. Should be better in a few months. (I hope!)Game is technically in an early release state because the company needed money to prevent themselves from going under.Plays like a faster version  of a Dungeon Keeper ""like"" game but missing a lot of the essence and character of the Dungeon Keeper series. Plenty of creatures and rooms to play with. Dungeon building itself is wasted because the opponent can knockdown your walls and go around traps very very easily. Missing the impenetrable walls that DK had once your minions reenforced them."
,Recommended,230190,15173002,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,skvarky,Waited so many years for a propper dungeon keeper sequel and here it is.despite some bugs @ launch the game is beautiful.
76561197998354836,Recommended,230190,15213702,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[BnBG] Neruo,"Awesome game! a true £££€""¤keeper 3 worthy of the fans.True a few frustrating buggs here and there but the team seems dedikated to fix them and continue to devolop the game further.summa sumarum: if you are a keeper fan this is a must buy, the game is worth it."
76561198008675198,Recommended,230190,15214216,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DawnKey Schlong,Feels like I've waited a life time for this game to come out. Technically I did!-Keeps in line with Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 as far as they legally could I guess.-Fun as always-Lags like a beast
,Recommended,230190,15267193,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Zetan,"First of all, this game does still have some bugs.  If buggy games bother you a lot, maybe give it another few weeks.  The devs are working hard, and they're making a ton of progress, but they're not quite there yet.That said, this game is to Dungeon Keeper 2 what DK2 was to DK1.  If you feel (as I do) that DK2 was a drastic improvement over DK1, you're in for a hell of a ride with this game.So many improvements to what, at it's core, is the same system.  Take traps/doors, for example.  In DK1, they would build whatever they wanted, then you could place it.  Kind-of annoying, since they would produce all the low-level stuff first, so if you wanted, say, a Steel Door, you'd have to wait.  Then, in DK2, you could place a door/trap, then they would get to work on it.  Definitely an improvement, since it didn't waste resources, but if you didn't currently have a place that you knew you wanted a door/trap, your workshop workers would just be slacking off.  In WFTO, they finally solved it.  Workshop workers build generic parts.  When you place doors/trap blueprints, your imps bring those parts to where they need to be, and after enough parts are brought, the door/trap exists.  It doesn't waste anything, and it's perfect.Everything in the game is like that.  They took a look at the systems in the DK games and said, ""How can we make this better?""  They've done a remarkable job.  Researching rooms/spells is done through a sort of ""skill tree"" so you can spend your research points as you wish.  You can fill back in places you don't want dug out; one of my pet peeves with my DK dungeons is when they could be ruined by intruders, and now you can fix what they did.  There are all sorts of entirely new systems, like alchemy, constructs, and rituals, each of which have a different purpose and interesting uses.All that, and I'd already be willing to pay more than the $30 MSRP.  But you know what else they decided to do?  Write a plot.  DK1 basically had none.  DK2 had a bit of one, but it was always, ""Do the thing, this guy's trying to stop you from doing the thing.. yay, you did the thing!""  In this game, I'm only halfway through the campaign, and I'm already wondering what's going on and questioning the motives of certain characters.  Did you ever expect a DK-style game to have you questioning a character's motives?  I sure didn't!  It's a blast.So yes, I'd recommend this game, even in its very-recently-launched state.  Like I said, if bugs bother you a lot, give it a bit more time, but if you're willing to forgive a bit (and if you played DK2, you should be; that game was never 100% stable) then you should just pick it up now."
76561198163934836,Recommended,230190,15267818,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,☙❦❉Vixer❉❦❧,This is a game I have been waiting for so long~This is an unfinished game currently but still a great game :)
,Recommended,230190,15226062,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Deuuuuzzzz,Purebred tribute to Dungeonkeeper :) I love it! Some lag that i have no doubt will be patched asap! :) Thumbs up!
,Recommended,230190,18063047,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,FU Karnaux,"currently own 143 games on steam, and have not seen any other developer release as may patchs and updates to an already enjoyable game. They truely seem to care that this gem is polished."
,Recommended,230190,18731108,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Romu,"Dungeon TycoonI read this game had a rough start with many bugs, balancing and UI issues.I can assure you that it is not the case anymore (it seems 1.1 and 1.2 patches solved most of the issues). Sure, it's not AAA polished butit runs quite well and is really fun to playfor DK nostalgics or people looking for a fun dungeon-building/god-game/RTS hybrid.Pick it up right now if you've spent the last few years looking for a proper Dungeon Keeper remake.Wait for a sale if you never heard of DK but like strategy games."
,Recommended,230190,18077092,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bag_of_BOnes,"War for the Overworld is the closest game you'll get to Dungeon Keeper 3, until EA decide to do something great with the property.It shares many similarities to the classic Bullfrog games, but with a lot of bells and whistles (spells, potions, devices etc), giving the game depth and better control over your army. If you want to play a great ""Dungeon Keeper"" then you'll love this game. The humour is there, possession, torture chambers, workers -- everything you loved.The campaign is pretty good. *Most* of the missions were fun, but some were either too easy, or boring. I don't think it reached the quality of the Bullfrog titles unfortunately.Pet Dungeon seems pointless without the ability to spawn enemies.Skirmish and multiplayer are fun, thanks to the SIn ( level-up ) system, that gives you different ways to play and try out. Imagine a RPG tree system for your rooms and abilities.Some technical problems; nothing game breaking, or causing the game to crash, but you might see weird stuff happen occasionally.If you want another Dungeon Keeper experience then buy it and enjoy. If you want a strategy game, you might find the games rough points distracting."
76561197991394048,Recommended,230190,18536341,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,andrewplay599,"If you like the classic dungeon keeper 2. Than this is the game for you. Since I have bought it they have been updating it. So the devs are active on this game. It is just as good as dungeon keeper 2 if not better. The graphics are better the campain is better. The unlockables are way better, and the creatures are more varied. This game is worth the money I spent so enjoy."
76561198055733462,Recommended,230190,15245128,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,-S-,"Awesome, Dungeon Keeper like as perfect!"
76561198035642975,Recommended,230190,18450184,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,softbaiia22455,"If you loved Dungeon Keeper, you will love War for the Overworld.The only real gripe I have with the game now is that there is no way to fight/spawn enemies in Sandbox mode, which makes the whole idea pointless. Its like playing Sandbox mode in Roller Coaster Tycoon but not allowed to have quests enter the park. The game is still in beta, so hopefully this will be added in soon."
,Recommended,230190,19170556,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Binky Barnes,"Anyone who likes Dungeon Keeper, is more than likely going to love this game. I remember when War for the Overworld had maybe two rooms and one or two creatures, and there really wasn't much to the game. After owning this game for over two years, and coming back to it after it's grown and matured more, and to be honest it has grown and matured a hell of a lot over two years, but it has shown phenomenal promise I'm not sure if the devs are going to call the game finished, it feels great, but doesn't feel 100% finished. I do hope that in the future Mods will be a possibility, as they could do a hell of a lot for this game. I've been playing the Dungeon Keeper series since the first DK game, and this game definitely qualifies as a spiritual successor.TL;DR best money I have spent on a game that brings back a lot of nostalgia, even down to the voice of your advisor. The only thing the game is missing, is full modding support, if it had that then it would be on a whole different level than Dungeon Keeper.EDIT: I should add that I do understand the devs decision to pull mod support for now. Unity doesn't make it easy to mod on their engine as you would need to build the mod tools from the ground up. At this time, something like that would more than likely cost more than it's worth."
76561198041636869,Recommended,230190,19673219,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,"It's Dungeon Keeper. The initial release wasn't great, but the developers have kept at it and improved it a lot since then. Easily worth the money."
76561198240118354,Recommended,230190,33780335,Posted: 24 July,all,victoura56,"Did you play Dungeon Keeper 2 and want a new game just like it? Well look no further, this is your game. Obviously there are differences, but the essence and basic gameplay of Dungeon Keeper is here, and strong. Also the narrator is the same guy, so that helps.For those who have never played Dungeon Keeper 2, this game is all about being an evil Underlord trying to invade the land of heroes by digging dungeons, summoning creatures to fight for you, ensuring their needs are met and your dungeon heart is protected. Some levels can become quite tense, as the AI is smart and will keep you on your toes.There are other modes than the campaign, like 'My Pet Dungeon' which allows for experimentation and relaxed play. This is my favourite, allowing me to come up with new combinations of traps and dungeon layouts to better defend myself.Buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561198176045154,Not Recommended,230190,17733243,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,lordcinaed,Yeah sure it looks and plays close to Dungeon Keeper but it goes off the rails way to fast. There is no time to enjoy setting up a dungeon one must always be moving to attack or defend or die for not doing so. If the makers really cared.. and I don't think they do from prior comments I've seen.. they would put in difficulty options so the game could be slowed down. Buy this is you want to go. go. go.. but if you want to work on developing a killer dungeon this game is not for you. So glad I keep a spare computer from 2000 up and running so I can play Dungeon Keeper 2...Really hope they give the option to slow down the game speed so it can have more enjoyment... Going to have to see about hacks and cheat codes when they are available.
,Not Recommended,230190,20906307,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ikarrus,"I'm trying my hardest to have fun here but it just doesn't have the same magic as the originals did, which I played immeditely before starting WFTOThey tried to make the narrator humerous like the older games but they seem to have flandarized him and made him more cartoonishly evil than something actually menacing.The designs of the campaign levels I've played as well as some of the sandbox/skirmish levels felt very restrictive, so I never really felt like I was having fun building the dungeons. In DK2 I felt like I was slowly creeping out and corrupting the land, my dungeon growing organically.WOTF ends up feeling more like a standard RTS than a base-building/management sim that I liked in Dungeon Keeper. It's not terrible, but it's also not what I was looking for."
,Recommended,230190,15249049,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Overburn,EDIT: Update since the ltest patch with Heart of Gold expansion.The game is now truly what it should have been from the start. I feel like it is now a true successor to Dungeon Keeper. The game play is genuinely fun. I have not encountered any bugs so far.It WILL scratch the Dungeon Keeper itch if you have one and in a massive way. HIGHLY recommend this game now.
,Recommended,230190,8949298,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,fatmangamerz,its an amazing game definately worth the money
,Not Recommended,230190,15639043,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,nohalmil,Shows great promise but contains a lot of bugs and other issues.
76561197997013958,Not Recommended,230190,23288540,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BLODKORPEN,"This is most certainly THE best attempt at following up on Dungeon Keeper 2 in an attempt to create the long sought after DK 3 which many of us had waited for.  You'll slip into a nostalgia coma as soon recognise every single component in this game from your previous DK experience.  They nailed it!  But this is also where the problem comes in.The game is a graphically pleasing, humour-filled remake of DK and not so much a sequel. Sure enough there is a bloody good load of newly added components, such as the titan creatures and a ""leveling"" scheme which allows you to unlock traps, rooms and the odd creature using points called ""sins"".   Heck, they even have the original voice-over from the old DK games! Nostalgia overload.The campaign is ""alright"" and provides you with around 9 hours worth of gameplay - less if you are just one of those gamers who nail-it fast.  I completed the campaign a day after I bought the game and then, you are stuck with very few options.  The sandbox modes are pretty much blank maps with infinate gold that allows you to quickly dig out enough space and place all of your dungeon rooms and summon all of your creatures - provides you with around 30 minutes of entertainment.Multiplayer is an excrutiating experience.  For those of you who have been playing games outside of steam's DRm, you'll remember those horrible tech nightmares where you had to go and mess about with your port settings, enabling UPnP on your routers and so on - the days we all thought were long gone since steam (and other DRM's) provided a platform that negates this.  Well, in the spirit of nostalgia you may well enough enjoy that experience in this game again.Multiplayer is stock standard, once you get it working.  Play against other opponents and squash them.  Whether it is you and a mate vs the AI (the developer's definition of Coop...if you can believe that) or whether it is two of you vs two other dungeoneers - all modes we should be fairly familiar with.The actual coop which was hinted at during the kickstarter, though not reached, also seems to be not in the pipeline for the near future.  Now this does not mean it is off the table entirely, though it doesn't look to be soon.The expansion, ""Heart of Gold"" (released two or three days prior to this review) adds about 4 - 6 hours worth of play in a campaign, some dungeon visuall candy for multiplayer and the odd spell here and there.  It's not an expensive expansion and therefor the little content can be quantified.Overall, the game's base price vs what you get for it is not good at all.  This is the kind of game we should be looking for during steam specials.  You will barely get a weekend's worth of playing from both the game and its current expansion and multiplayer is unlikely to entertain you for very long if you get past the uneccesary setup hassles.In summary:They absolutely succeeded in providing a nostalgic experience in the spirit of Dungeon Keeper. No one can compete.However, the game falls horribly short in providing an entertaining experience for more than an approximate 15 hours worth of play (more, maybe, if you really really like repeating the same actions).No Coop (and mplay coop 2v2 does NOT constitute coop at all).The game's development does not seem to be entirely finished and there ""appears"" to be some level of new content being planned.  This may very well be a boon to the current state of the game.  Though, if not getting this title on a good special I would suggest that you seek out the most recent reviews of newly added content on our usual trusty sources (i.e IGN, Gamespot, Gamasutra, Cooptimus)."
76561197985854236,Not Recommended,230190,34448946,Posted: 23 August,all,Boom Daddy,"I hate to say it, but I was disappointed in this game. It felt like every mission pigeon holed me into a very liner experience. IMO the game tries too hard story wise, to the point that the player almost seems like an afterthought, just clicking the things in the exact order as intended to advance the story.I’m the kind of player that likes to turtle up and build a huge army to overwhelm the enemy in a glorious battle. Or find creative ways to sneak around the enemy and slam them from behind.  Sadly, I never really got that chance with this game. The defenses seem weak and easily destroyed, and enemies attack nonstop and in pretty good force. Trying to build up a large force turns into an exercise in frustration as you constantly lose units to non-stop attacks.Perhaps I’m remember DK2 to rose colored glasses, but I don’t remember it being more stressful then fun."
,Not Recommended,230190,19901304,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Emarrel,"An enjoyable spiritual successor marred by bad performance issues.I have a system with a GTX980, i7-4790K, 16GB of RAM and I have this game installed on an SSD. On the later campaign maps my FPS drops to 16-30FPS depending on my zoom level, changing the graphical settings does nothing but even if it did it still wouldn't be excusable. I get a better frame rate on Witcher 3 with most of the settings cranked up to max for goodness sake.I'd absolutely love to recommend this game but if I'm having these sorts of issues with a system such as mine I dread to think how this game runs on less beefy systems because even my fully expanded Pet Dungeon is averaging out at 20 FPS.Here's a quick list of things that stuck to me after playing the whole campaign in one sitting:The good news?- It's practically Dungeon Keeper 3, if you've played the previous games playing this will be like riding a bike.- Richard Ridings is as good as ever.- They absolutely nailed the sound design.The so-so?- Greater degree of micromanagement:- I really don't like how doors function in this game, there's no 'only open for my minions mode'. You either keep it open or lock yourself in.- Prisons offer a greater variety of choices but it's always a manual process as to what you do with them. If the developer insists on these not automatically turning into undead like before there should at least be a means to auto-allocate them to the torture chamber, crypt or turn them into gold.- Imps and traps are tied to a limited mana pool, ultimately limiting the number you can have of either but this also means too many imps affects the number of traps you can create and vise versa. Not only that, imps don't seem to get any sort of speed increase as they level up.The uh-oh?- Aforementioned performance issues.- Campaign is seriously lacking variety. Albeit, there are some call-backs to the sort of thing you'd see in DK1&2 but there isn't much of a sense of exploration and it's sorely lacking in surprises. You won't be running into ball traps or neutral rooms in this game. The maps also often feel a little cramped in regards to how much space they're offering you to build rooms of an acceptable size of quantity.- Unit balance seems all over the place and level 10 units feel weak. Battles seem to be about whoever has the most amount of units regardless of level.- And then there's some somewhat niggling issues like your minions getting upset and leaving a fight (or ignoring NPCs altogether) because they want to get fed or paid. I was warned that my minions were starting to revolt on the final level simply because there was such a prolonged period of fighting before you were granted the opportunity to send your minions back home.I really like this game and want to see it become the DK3 everyone wanted but it still needs some serious work. I certainly don't regret my purchase but these shortcoming need to be noted. If you really want your Dungeon Keeper fix but already played DK1 and 2 to death you still might get some enjoyment out of this. The core is all there, it's all the ragged edges that need smoothing out."
,Recommended,230190,15246256,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Diggler,"Love the game happy they released it.Sadly its still unfinished but, with that said you'll still have fun with this game if you liked the DK series so many years ago.I say buy it its much more polished that most games in early access (DAY Z, H1Z1)Enjoy yourself with some nice old school gaming."
76561197970699470,Recommended,230190,9129404,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Saurbaum,It's early days yet but the feel of the game is right.  The sound is right.  This is Dungeon Keeper 3 in all but name.
76561198116731029,Recommended,230190,20977442,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ollie The Autist,This game is DK3 in everything but name.
76561198171343053,Recommended,230190,16674186,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,4isteineZahl,"For people who know (and love) Dungeon Keeper:WFTO is in my opinion the first worthy sequel to the DK-games from Bullfrog, BUT it is A LOT like DK2... the gaming-feeling is almost the same and the rooms arent very different. I personaly prefered DK1 over DK2 and therefore my expections where maybe a little high, cause I waited about 12 year for a game like this.But like I marked, i recommend this game. because it is still a really good game (like the DK1/2 where long before) and i have to admit, that there were some good and new ideas, which improved gameplay a litte (like the ""replacement earth"" construct, which allows you to add a tile of normal earth, which is a dream for perfectionist like me).I have stil one thing to complain about: the campaign is WAY too short!! 12 lvls... c'mon... for experienced players it will take you about 10-15h..."
,Recommended,230190,24499413,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ill clinton,"On release this game was total♥♥♥♥♥♥ a real let down. But thank god I keep trying it out after each patch, because it gets better and better. And it's about perfect now. The real Dungeon Keeper Revival."
,Recommended,230190,24609489,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ariaadagio,"Just finished the main campaign.  This was so so so buggy when it was first released a year ago, but the game has since matured into a really great DK clone.  If you gave up on it back then, I urge you to give it another try.  I'm dubious about the ending to the main campaign, but I thoroughly enjoyed the game without reservation up until that point.  My one other criticism is that a lot of the levels involved tight time crunches that prevented me from spending time on my favorite part - building the dungeon.  But again, that was just a quibble.  I had a lot of fun."
76561197988174755,Recommended,230190,24030906,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,N1. Nerdskies,I LIKEIS GUDVERY DUNJEN
76561197991303289,Recommended,230190,9114521,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,chavhunter1986,get this game
,Recommended,230190,9117681,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,M477550N,Kommer bli awesome när det väl släpps i skarp version! Äkta Dungeon Keeper-känsla! Love it!
76561198037141754,Recommended,230190,9136175,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,tsem13,"This game refers to the oldies who had the privilage to play dungeon keeper 1 and 2.It is still on its early developing stages so don't expect a fully fuctional game.It has 5 stages if i remember the developer are updating once a week , they do hell of a good job here.To those who is saying don't buy etc etc , stop whining , it said clearly before you buy it , that the game it is on early stages of developing , with out reviews and the forums the developers can truck bugs they have missed and correct them.This is what early access really means.Can't wait for full release , i 'm and old DK + DK2 player my self. Was about time someone release the 3rd part (even with different name) . Was waiting looooooong time for this.Go Dev's we're behind ya mates , give us Dungeons , show us what old school games was about .Recommended 100% it worth its money trust me."
76561198004531395,Recommended,230190,23988165,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Imperetor Juber the werewolf!,If you played and enjoyed Dungeon Keeper  1 or 2 - buy this game.If you never played Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2 - buy this game.This game hits right in the sweet spot. Many familiarities with DK 1&2 this game deserves all the love.
76561197992790736,Recommended,230190,9217945,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Djernis,"Well in it's current state it's a worthy follower of the Dungeon Keeper series, still early on but the general gameplay you can try out closely resembles Dungeon Keeper.Dig tunnels and build rooms, dig some more to find more gold so you can build even bigger rooms and manufacture traps. Just to end it by destroying the opponent(s).I look forward to the day it's finished.I haven't seen any bugs or performance issues yet, so that's another plus aswell."
76561198017480614,Recommended,230190,10123080,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Future annunakien,This game is a kind of modern dungeon keeper 2 enhanced graphic etc...but the difference is with new features like the vein of evil with more choice that give that each player evolve separate ways.i recommand it seriously the game is good and its not even complete.
,Recommended,230190,9068020,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,CaptainMuffler,Must buy if you ever played The Dungeon Keeper series!
76561198040560627,Recommended,230190,16498513,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hvapsen,"What do you say, the classic Dungeon Keeper? Ohhh yes sir!This is like the old DK games, I love it! :)Havent found any bugs so far...beside them in my lair... :)"
,Recommended,230190,9065252,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kharn,"FOR ALL DUNGEON KEEPER FANS - If you like Dungeon Keeper, this is essentially Dungeon Keeper 3. Right now it's no where near completion, but what there is so far is amazing. A must buy for DK fans."
76561197967599967,Recommended,230190,16491295,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nick Caligo,"It's Dungeon Keeper under a different name. Very much the real deal. Needs some polish on the UI, but otherwise it is completely authentic Dungeon Keeper, right down to your narrator, voice oozing with evil, occasionally cracking in and saying in utter disgust, ""one of your minions has started a union!""Give it a go, support the developers. It seems that it's still being worked on even now, and with the quality and variety of what's here that's only good news."
76561198027713764,Recommended,230190,23281386,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,mariosurcouf,"Haven't tried this game til now cause of the numerous bugs reported by users initially. Im an old DK1 and DK2 (in lesser degree) fan of all times. Played for a little more than 3 hours and it really feels like the DK3 we deserve. Every mission takes a full hour if you venture to seek all the secrets it holds, and fully level up your creatures.It seems a bit easier than the original DK1, but i was way younger then and it might be just that. Though i haven't played the new campaign, it feels great to see the developers are continually trying to get new content to the base game since this game was (in my point of view) intented to be played solo, like the original."
76561198039474152,Recommended,230190,23782813,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lossendal,takes me back to dungeon keeper series. fps can get bad if there are many minions on screen. 6/10.
,Recommended,230190,23277243,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,𝓽𝓸𝓪𝓼𝓽𝔂𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,It is time underlordwelcome todungeon keeper 3i mean war for the overlordlet's get to the point is this game worth it?yesworth every penny
76561197999934894,Recommended,230190,25078344,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Malyn,Nice game. After a rough start the devs have turned the tides and made it into an enjoyable game. If you love DK this is the closest it get. The campaign is fun and the real DK fan wil recgnize the voiceover 😁
,Recommended,230190,20924079,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JayVee,A very solid homage to dungeon keep.  Improved gamplay from the original.
,Recommended,230190,1120587,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Ziggurat,Dungeon Keeper is back :D
76561197989982490,Recommended,230190,1244973,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,NeroSphere,"It's not quite ready for any actual gameplay, but you can play around in the sandbox and have fun."
,Recommended,230190,8640258,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sjelsyk,"This is fairly early in development (as stated on the Store page), but I can clearly see if this continues to develop in the same direction it's been going, it'll be an awesome game which I'll spend countless hours in. I have faith in these developers."
76561198081154587,Recommended,230190,8761564,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Bobulus,A good game improved in every patch but the memory leaks are still a real killer.If you are a fan of dungon keeper then you will love this game.
,Recommended,230190,30605100,Posted: 18 March,all,Vejita,This is one of those spiritual successor games that feels like it tries to keep a little too true to the original. It follows in Dungeon Keeper's footsteps for better or worse. Every poor decision of that game is reflected here but much of the magic is also lost.I wish there was a neutral option as I am sure some people would enjoy this but personally I just kept wanting to go play the original Dungeon Keeper the whole time I was playing. It seems to have a heart and soul in it though so I suppose I will tentatively recommend it if you can get it on sale.
,Recommended,230190,28578024,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Joule Thief,It's the sequel to Dungeon Keeper we always wanted.I bought this Early Access a million+ years ago and held out playing it until it looked finished and then I waited some more. I'm glad I did because it is every bit as polished as I could have hoped and then some.The game is so good that I'm already looking forward to seeing what these guys will make next.
,Recommended,230190,25823979,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Thanatos - Lord of the Dead,"Really fun, a few bugs and balancing to make swarm tactics less effective, but otherwise perfect."
,Recommended,230190,28455249,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,LazyPandas,"Pretty fun game. I really enjoy the atmosphere and the narrator is fantastic. Certain parts are fairly dumbed down compared to what you would expect in a typical RTS, but I don't consider that a bad thing (in fact I would say it works great in this kind of game). Your minions are mostly automated and will do their jobs and train themselves but as the underlord you can of course micro them as much as you want. I also find the idea of you as the dungeon master having a mana bar as a resource to cast spells, build defences, and hire workers pretty unique as well.Now that's not to say the game doesn't have some problems. Even though your minions are autonomous they are sometimes kind of stupid and don't sleep, eat, or get their paycheck quick enough and you'll often get messages that they're unhappy. This can usually be solved by just clicking on them and dropping them into the area they are lacking in but I don't really think you should have to do that when you don't have them assigned to anything.The worker flag is kind of irritating too because you can either force all workers to work on an area (sometimes I want like  2-3 still working on the other side) or you can let them decide what to prioritize and sometimes they'll just dig walls or run off to another task instead of placing all the floor tiles down while I'm waiting to make a room. Note that this may just be me not being good enough at the game to figure out how to assign workers properly.The economy system is kind of wierd too. You get unlimited gold from workers mining these ""gold shrines"" which are big rectangular boxes. I think if maybe gold acted like mana where you could mine a big chunk of it, but it wouldn't start recharging until you stopped mining it for awhile it might be better? I'm not sure. This isn't really a major complaint but it's something I dislike.Overall, the game does have a number of issues, but nearly all of them can be overlooked or are very minor. I do highly recommend trying out War for the Overworld because it does feel really unique to play as an actual bad guy for once. The gameplay is solid and so far the campaign has been a very enjoyable experience."
76561197968666252,Recommended,230190,28481531,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lanny,"I gave not recommend once, half yr agosince the game had performance issue===============================================2016/12/20its quite amazing for an indie game to keep patching the gameit is just getting better & betterthanks dev for doing this, since a lot games just got abandoned once released."
76561198014275856,Recommended,230190,28350499,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,dyingturnip,"Are all the reviews putting it alongside Dungeon Keeper?  Yes.  Is it quite Dungeon Keeper?  No.  Is it really close?  Yes.  Is it ultimaltely what a DK fan is looking for?  90%, says I.  From the narrator's voice to the trap placement to the ""similar but not identical"" rooms and monsters, this is the only game I know of that comes anywhere close, and it's damn close.  Do it."
,Recommended,230190,24991943,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TV,"PLESAE release more content for this game.Say.. how about a fully remastered campaign from the original DK1 and 2.You devs have all the res already there!! - you have built the game now just flesh it out with fat swathes of content.I will even buy this content ffs.Cant believe I will have to buy content but I know times move on, everyone needs money to carry on n that.Just do it. Go on. :)"
76561198062662550,Recommended,230190,15186594,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,WhiteCollarCrimes,If you loved the Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 games as much as I did then you will totally love this game too.Same design and concept as the DK games but with a newer look to it.There are still a couple bugs to be hashed out with the game. But the gameplay still flows as it should.
,Recommended,230190,14995201,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Zandrama,"So in love with this <3It is truly a resurrection of the old Dungeon Keeper games.If you liked the old games, you will love this ^^"
76561198067262843,Recommended,230190,21298386,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,sbesea31,"Ok - so I have just completed the game and what can I say without spoiling it for others, other than when's War for the Overworld 2 coming out? The final video hints at it but doesn't confirm it with a woman's voice saying, welcome Overseer. Please tell me that the is number 2 in the pipeline?I have had this game as an Early Access user and yes I got stuck, like any normal person would. I left it for a while and came back to it. Really enjoyed myself with this game. Possible improvements? Additional room; like a casino or some kind of gambling room that could boost moral (especially for the last level!)I would serious recommend this game to others. Be Patient and enjoy."
76561198031401757,Recommended,230190,22177794,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,OUTTATIME88,"only one word to describe WFTO....""Awesom""...or maybe ""inspired""....Maybe ""Awespired""I reccomend this game for anyone who loved the DK series and wants a more up-to-date rendition.You've got the original voice over talents from the DK games. You've got imps. Theres no flies :)Out of 10...i give 500"
76561197972429764,Recommended,230190,21520560,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xuincherguixe,"So, some mixed feelings on this one.It doesn't drop the ball hard and it had the potential to. There have been a lot of attempts at making games like Dungeon Keeper and many of them failed. War for the Overworld doesn't fail so much as I feel like they could have done more.Mostly, the campaign is a bit short. Took me 20 hours and a lot of that was me choosing to make things harder for myself than I had to. Ending is a bit weird, but seems like they're setting themselves up for DLC."
76561198005625609,Recommended,230190,9156127,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,QwertyBoredom122,"All you really need to know THIS IS Dungeon Keeper 3, anyone who liked DK1&2 will almost certainly like this too, unfortunately due to it being an early access game its not really fair to say yet how good its going to be once finished but from what I played it felt very much like the origional DK games and thats a VERY good thing."
,Recommended,230190,24502627,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ernisius,"Great game mechanics and content. I haven't encountered any bugs or slowdowns.Not too keen on the campagn, it is too hectic for me,with constant chaotic skirmishes. there doesn't seem enough time to build up army and defences, but there are already plenty of fan made levels that can remedy this."
,Recommended,230190,28348542,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,bloodwolf696,"i love this. it reminds me of my childhood favorite game dungeon keeper. i don't believe its made by any of the people who worked on dungeon keeper but it reminds me so much of it. i love it. games like this are very few and far apart, i give it a 9/10. heres whythis is one of the few games where you play as the bad guy. its a RTS that takes place in dungeons. you build facilities for your creatures, you feed them, train them, and in return they will defend your dungeon, attack another enemy keeper, attack heroes, research things like rooms, spells and traps. finally they will also do things like convert captured enemies, and make traps. sounds a little complicated but like the DK games, they slowly walk you through it. anyhow i love it, its more or less a blast from the early/mid 90s, remade for today and i would love to see more games like this"
76561198019120655,Recommended,230190,15237149,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Toruk Makto,"Bought it because I was bored. I was never able to play any of the DK games but I was able to play Evil Genius. I was looking for a game that would fill the hole Evil Genius left because idk what happened to that developer so yeah. Good game! Loads of fun though after saving once in the campaign, I found after loading it later that the enemy spawn points I destroyed and had respawned. I was later overrun and had to restar the mission. So yeh"
,Recommended,230190,23516939,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Coopziana,"See my full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tvqp8pgAp98When WFTO was first released I was really excited but having played it I was left a bit disappointed. But since then, the game has just gotten better and better with a lot of love and care from the developers, new features and bug fixes all totally free through patches, whereas most games would release them as DLC. So it goes to show that Sub. Games really care about their player base to give them some pretty monumental new features without asking for a penny. (I'm talking about The Map Creator, of course).It came as a surprise to me that the Heart of Gold Expansion arrived, it's something that I wasn't expecting at all and I was more than willing to pay the very reasonable fee for this content and I certainly wasn't disappointed, Heart of Gold gives access to some pretty cool new features along with a new campaign of 4 maps which pushes the story forward, this time playing as Kasita (A Dungeon Master you defeated in the Original Campaign), which had me bouncing with excitement.The new campaign is fun and challenging and well worth the money. I really look forward to the Next Expansion... Though I still don't quite understand what the heck happened at the end of the Original Game and indeed why ""Daddy Pig"" turned on us... Very confusing!All in all rating for WFTO: 7/10"
,Recommended,230190,28356580,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Spoasteh,Its the first wannabe DK which really is DK. If you loved Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2 you will love this game too.
76561198064837268,Recommended,230190,28412045,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,vandenabeele.bastiaan,awesome !
,Recommended,230190,28419413,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BunBun,"I have had this game since June 23, 2013, well into the early access days. I played one or 2 sessions way back then and have never touched it again.I'll tell you what. . . I keep wondering why I bought it as this kinda game isn't really my speed. And TBH I'm getting sick and tired of the update spam from this game. It's like every couple weeks there's some kinda blog post or update gettin all up in my feed or whatever.And that's a good thing.If you have even a remote interest in this game,buy itto support dev's that want to build something good for their customers. Give the finger to the many early access titles, that either peter out or just laugh all the way to the bank, and support a positive effort."
76561197978223060,Recommended,230190,28425972,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Philoficus,"It is a perfect replica of the All Time Classic and time consuming game ""Dungeon Keeper""!!!! I loved this game thourougly and had a good laugh at the overly ""evil"" way of playing it. It opened up the world of nostalgia for gaming, and for a former Love. Those who like Strategy and Base Building will love this piece of art. It has all the elements that a good game has. Story, challenge, drama, and an overload of fart belch noises. Perfect!Give it a try you too. You might feel amazingly good to be evil. ;)"
,Recommended,230190,16731080,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,dren,"War for the Overworld is quite obviously the true successor to Dungeon Keeper 2.War for the Overworld perfectly captures the feel of Dungeon Keeper as well as standing up on its own, regardless of the clear ties to the classic title. It feels good, it plays good, itisgood. AI is balanced and provides a genuine challenge. Story Mode expertly blends compelling gameplay with teaching you the game step by step. At the time of writing, I haven't personally tried multiplayer, but if it is as good as the rest of the game, it's good.I don't know what else to say. With EA being, well, EA with the original series, this is your next best thing. And it is an excellent second option.Plus the announcer for both Dungeon Keepers is the same for this.A masterpiece. 10/10 Asmodeus sent me an inbox."
,Recommended,230190,16851540,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,miragem,"I'm a big fan of Dungeon Keepers, and this game sticks very close to the old gameplay, which is what I miss all these years. So... Don't hesitate! Get this game and relive the nostalgia!"
76561197971449980,Recommended,230190,28361367,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RAZORLIGHT,must have for every dungeon keeper fan!
76561197992509767,Recommended,230190,28414769,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Beladi,Lovely game that brings back the great memories of dungeon keeper.
76561197991496319,Recommended,230190,16732595,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Feklar,"I have not had the time to play the game a whole lot yet.  What I have seen so far I really like.  I have played all the Dungeon Keeper games of old.  I do miss ol'Horny and the mistresses.  I realize that they can't do those for legal reasons, but it sure would be great.  I also miss the cut scenes from the original that came up between the scenerios. They were hilarious and gave the old games great charm.  But back to this one.  It is well worth your time and effort.  You can tell these guys actually care about the old Dungeon Keeper games.  I for one think they have done a great job so far.  Are there things that could be added  -- sure.  Are there things missing -- sure.  You have to not only give them time, but they also have a staff to pay.  Great games are not free and this one was started on a shoe string and has been done about as well as could be.I recomend this game for anyone that likes RTS's with a twist.  And for all those DK fans out there -- This one IS WORTH it."
,Recommended,230190,16746680,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Stygian Emperor,This game is a near-perfect successor to Dungeon Keeper 2; it even has the same voice actor playing the mentor. Get it.
76561198017397587,Recommended,230190,23522256,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mr Improbable LFP mid subs,"Well. Where to begin.To start off, i played dungeon keeper 2, never really dungeon keeper 1. I LOVED dk2. Absolutely played the hell out of it.Obviously i cant play that anymore, so for ages i looked for a worthy successor to Bullfrog's games.This game will do.You can clearly see they've been inspired by the dungeon keeper series.You start off with your hand, a dungeon heart that you need to protect, and some imps. With your hand, you can mark tiles for your imps to dig and claim for you. Then you can make rooms into the space you've dug out like a library, a lair where your minions rest, or a pig farm where your minions can feed on succulent pig flesh (They make such a satisfying splatter noise when you eat them), or a workshop where certain minions can build traps and doors to guard your dungeon.As the game progresses, you get access to more rooms like the prison, torture chamber, graveyard or Sanctuary. You also unlock more defenses and spells, giving you more options during battle, planning your dungeon or keeping your gold up to level.The campaign by itself is pretty decent, here and there are a few bugs the devs havent fixed yet, but nothing game-breaking as far as i could tell. I would also recommend the Heart of Gold DLC pack for another campaign, as that one was also nice to play, and adds a few extras.Campaign however, is not the only thing you can play. You can skirmish against other Underlords, with AI that you can ramp up or reduce the difficulty of as you please, there are sandbox maps where you get a dungeon heart, lots and lots of space to build and dig and roomify as you please, with an inert hero portal and controls for it so you can choose when you want to have heroes banging on your doors.There are a few things that require adjustment, but i wouldn't say they make the game unplayable, just a bit annoying sometimes.Overall i'd say this game is a solid 7/10. Not as great as i had hoped, but it's not bad. Not bad at all."
,Recommended,230190,28404040,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Arfan_septiano,"very good game, i hope more dlc released"
76561198080777395,Recommended,230190,16574195,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Filmstrips,"If you are like me and have been waiting for a third game in Bullfrog's masterpiece Dungeon Keeper series then this is the game for you. They left no stone unturned when developing this and even went as far as getting the original narrator in on the project! The mechanics feel natural, the progession feels natural as far as acquiring rooms and such, even the units operate similar to how their counterparts did in the original series. Subterranean Games did a fantastic job continuing a series in spirit with a game i've been wanting for 16 years."
,Recommended,230190,28362631,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,toktorill,"If you could ask them, this is what the DK games wanted to be."
,Recommended,230190,29349079,Posted: 18 January,all,Hibou,"A very good remake of Dungeon Keeper.  Nice graphical and UI upgrade over the original.  Building your dungeon is fun. However, this game suffer from the same flaw as the original, namely uninspiring combat.  You just pick your minions, drop them on the invaders and then hope for the best.  The rally flags aren't very useful, they could be improved by having one for each creature types.  Possession mode is still the coolest feature you'll never use.  Finished the main campaign in about 18h, mostly playing on easy (50% speed)."
76561198052038923,Recommended,230190,28419021,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Filipse,"Overall quite a decent game, though it isnt as good as the original Dungeon Keeper, i find it suffers the same problems as Dungeon Keeper 2 contrasted to the first one, with abit too much of humanoid-creatures as oposed to the monster-freakshow that used to be the first one, though i've enjoyed myself somewhat with it, and and in of itself would probatly recommend it if you're into the genre of Dungeon-Management or Theme-Hospital/Prison Manager type games.Negative, Major Irks.-Realy dislike the need to have to ""Recall"" your minions rather than picking them up heads off when they're off friendly terratory, especialy given the AI's tendacy to want to wander off without anything encouraging them to do so, and this point is what takes 1.5 points straight off the bat off my score, the recall-function is clunky and annoying and not very user friendly or nice-feeling when you have to swap to a panel (to spells) to even do it.-I miss, the hand actualy HOLDING your creature and watching some of them flail about within it's grasp, and feel like it's a loss of a dark-humor thing.-Lack of Hardware Cursor Option, the ingame ""cursor"" seems delayed and swaying and isnt very smooth to controll.-7.5/10."
76561198081959814,Recommended,230190,32486341,Posted: 16 June,all,Slash,"They promised a good successor for Dungeon Keeper 2, they delivered.This game offers very good value for money also with skirmish mode, crucible and my pet dungeon. While the first campaign was kind of meh at first, but then it does give some cool moments and it did improve a bit after some patches.To be honest, nostalgia was the reason that got me to buy the game I was sceptical at first since most developers that claim to reboot an old franchise fail so hard to deliver something playable. But I'm happy to say that I didn't regret my purchase.Fun Fact : Bought this game for my wife, she began theorycrafting in this game, which is weird because she hates playing RTS games ..."
76561197995267501,Recommended,230190,24983754,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,haekel,"War for the Overworld is a really well-implemented and polished reimagination of the original Dungeon Keeper games. The game is really good at keeping the gameplay and feel of the original games while improving both the UI and certain aspects like army management. The game features a solid campaign and tons of rooms, spells and other mechanics for the player to explore. Personally, I think the game might even have too many mechanics. You constantly unlock new stuff and I haven't felt the need to use most of it.While I generally like the game, there is one HUGE caveat, which is the ending of the campaign. I will not spoil it here, but I've never experienced such a cheap and annoyingly expansion-baiting end in a game before. It left me feeling really unfulfilled.Nevertheless, the pros outweigh the huge con in my opinion. If you've liked Dungeon Keeper, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,230190,29093091,Posted: 7 January,all,face,"Have just finished the main campaign. Approx 12 hours. I took my time and enjoyed every level. No crashes, no lag, no problems at all actually. Online require port forwarding. Perfect remake of the original dungeon keeper games.Patch 1.5"
,Recommended,230190,16718988,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,CollectiveS,"A game that reminds you of the old Dungeon Keeper games, executed with style. Sure it's copying a lot of mechanics but in this case that's a good thing. Also has the same narrator :). Recommended"
76561198006876821,Recommended,230190,28381584,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ravenscar,"Hello again, old friend. You've been missed these last 17 years."
,Recommended,230190,24494989,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Utari Onzo,"This game is incredibly enjoyable and really captures the old Dungeon Keeper spirit, while adding a few tricks of its own.I avoided the rocky, buggy launch at the start and have come in a bit later into the game. Boy was it worth hanging back, as the recent review score shows (81% as of writing this)The expansion is great, the campaign is fun (better then DK2 I would say as there's an emphasis on variation between missions) and the old sandbox and skirmish maps are there.What really made the old Dungeon Keepers stand out was the player made maps. Getting PCGamer magazines as a kid with the disks that contained the odd extra map, or downloading them achingly slow off of third party websites on dial up, all that fun. I'm glad to see the workshop in action to allow some great player content.I cannot recommend this game enough if you're after a real successor to DK3."
76561197977667322,Recommended,230190,24504609,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lostfol,"If you remember the dungeon keeper series, this is the closest I have seen.  Story is so-so, game play nice and a good diversion.If you haven't played this DK, then the best way tot think about this game is as a building strategy game.  You build a dungeon to attract minions, these minions help you achieve the mission objectives.I have played through all of the base level missions and just starting on the heart of gold patch.  Overall, it is a very fun game, with alot of nostalgia for those who played DK but like DK it can sometimes be tedious.  Overall very good."
76561197971772464,Recommended,230190,24516635,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Scylon,"Heart of Gold was a good example of this games engine working well and trying to be it's own game, breaking away a bit from the shadow of Dungeon Keeper. The level designs and challenges fit the mechanics of this game much better then the original game and I highly suggest people give it a crack.That said I feel this game still has a little ways to go. I am eager to see another fully fleshed out campaign and I hope they bring in a few more features that were missed from the original dungeon keeper game mainly your attachments to certain units. We all had that one creature we brought with us to the next levels :)"
,Recommended,230190,16884721,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Lynx,"Edit 27-07-2016I didn't grow up with Dungeon Keeper, in fact I had never even heard of it until I started watching The Co-Optional Podcast so there's very little in the way of nostalgia for me with this game.With that said, I absolutely adore War For The Overworld. The writing is funny, the characters are amusing, the visual aesthetic is perfect for what they're trying to achieve and the mechanics are thoroughly engrossing.It's not without its flaws, and I'm not entirely certain if this is a result of the Unity engine or not, but there are times where the game will stutter or ""hiccup"" and I can't pin down the reason as to why. My CPU is more than enough to handle this game and doesn't go anywhere near capping even during these odd little hiccups, but that's a minor annoyance rather than a dealbreaker.The original War for the Overworld campaign gives you several hours to play with and acts as sort of an extended tutorial, which may disappoint some but I'm happy to say that with 1.4 and the first expansion ""Heart of Gold"" there's more for you to do with fewer restrictions. A couple new mechanics are added in as well, so it's more than just an added campaign.I highly recommend War for the Overworld on its own merits, but don't expect a traditional RTS as it's more of a god game."
76561197981537445,Recommended,230190,28719661,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,urbanriot,"I haven't played Dungeon Keeper in more than a decade but as far as I'm concerned this is the spiritual successor that definitely fulfills a niche that needed filling. The narrator has that wickedly eeevil sound, most of the maps are challenging, and the game is just plain fun.Initially I was frustrated with aspects of the interface and AI but after getting into the game a few levels then going back to the tutorial, I realized I missed a few things that were covered that were integral to playing. Some areas of the interface could use some polishing, like the war flags on the right (which in my opinion should be easier-to-click inlaid icons) but once you learn the keyboard hotkeys they stop frustrating you.The deveopers also seem to take an active interest in responding to the community and they're regularly putting out patches so thumbs up there.I'd say the biggest gripes I have is an inability to pause or slow the game; I'm not sure if you could pause in DK or DK2 but it just seems sensible that this should be an included function with rushing maps that have timed waves. I also wish happy minions would follow your build instructions in the order they were assigned rather that engaging in what seems random instructions. You have a wave coming at you in 2 minutes and they've decided to reinforce walls in a useless room rather than dig out the dirt. While you can specify an area for them to focus on, this function doesn't always work nor does it rate high on my useability scale.I should also add that I've experienced no performance issues whatsoever and the game runs like a dream on my i7 with nvidia GTX 970 with all settings maxed."
,Recommended,230190,28612023,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xelancer,This game really scratches the Dungeon Keeper itch ~or does my dungeon have fleas?Thank you devs for supporting Linux!
,Recommended,230190,24055180,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,daynexi,"I did not play this game in Early Access. My impression is based on the current release. This game has everything I loved about the Dungeon Keeper series and has its own take on things like skilltrees for unlocking building/spells. Yes, you still can possess minions in this ""spiritual successor"" and take first-person control over them. The building-your-own-dungeon aspect will be familiar to anyone who has played the series this game is inspired by.The finishing touch is Richard Ridings and the excellent narration that gave the original Dungeon Keeper its charm.I haven't played much of this game so far, but I'm 100% enjoying it. If you're looking for a modernized take on Dungeon Keeper this one is a buy."
76561198015474093,Recommended,230190,24084121,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Moss,"if there would be a dungeon keeper 3, it would be this game.pretty loyal to the original games, but adds new things to it.better get this game than ""dungeons 1+2"""
76561198076674177,Recommended,230190,24074562,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kidneystone6,Big fan of dungeon keeper and this is pretty much the same just with better graphics as well as more features. The combat can use some work as well as the grouping system. But otherwise it's a great game
,Recommended,230190,24101474,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,EaTCarbS,This is the Dungeon Keeper 3 everyone has been wishing for.
,Recommended,230190,19953357,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,linkgenesis,"I have to echo the lion's share of the complaints on here, ""What is with that ending""? I mean I understand what it's trying to communicate, but it's just so inadequate.That being said, I loved Dungeon Keeper and this is more of the same. There seemed to be a little more in the way of help in Dungeon Keeper but once you ease in to WFTO you'll find nuance that never existed in the old catalogue. I will forever miss the comedic cut scenes between levels in the campaign of DK II but we can't have it all, can we?I do find umbrage in the way AI is handled. Specifically, I find it a little unbalanced that the computer players can produce the enitre contents of their dungeon in under a second while I have to slowly rally my troops or click them, ten at a time, to the desired location. This is especially frustrating in later levels of the campaign or when playing master difficulty in Skirmish mode.My glee returns however with the addition of new spells. Some of which feel spectacularly more sadistic, such as turning enemy captives into gold statues. I do like the new shrines and I am honestly one of those folks that wanted to see the ability to add walls.I don't see myself wasting as much time with this one as I did with DK, but is that because I already played DK? Is it because the content isn't there quite yet? This remains to be seen, but for now, A Solid Buy."
76561197976399826,Recommended,230190,20121319,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,isam2k,"Good, modernized version of Dungeon Keeper. The game has some flaws and is badly optimized, which can result in bad performance even on newer system configurations. The campaign is a good introduction into the game mechanics and often missions can be done in many different ways. The missions later on in the game will often appear undoable at first but once you understand what mechanic or concept the devs tried to teach in that mission/lesson, it will become a lot easier (good work on that). The campaign is a little short however and the story is generic at best. Great voice acting on the advisor which in my opinion is often a little too serious.You can tell that the devs have tried to trim the game for competitive multiplayer, which is why the game feels a lot more hectic and microintensive than DK. Unfortunately it is hard to find a multiplayer match, due to the lack of players."
76561198007671982,Recommended,230190,20168834,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel csgoatse.com,This game is awesome I loved it at the very beginning when this came out on early access but couldn't have enough money to buy it yet until the sale came on. 10/10 if they let us use the Sovereign theme in Campaign mode :)
76561197972313889,Recommended,230190,23873017,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,lovethebanana,its a worthy replacement for dk!
76561197983419846,Recommended,230190,23874216,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lightmeow,"If you have ever played the old Dungeon Keeper game then this will feel like an old friend with some new tricks. You play the overlord of your dungeon, commanding your minions to dig, build, and kill RTS style. Thumbs up for sure, this is a great game, bringing back fond memories and still keeping the gameplay fresh with it's own version of units. And the voice acting is wonderful and humerous!"
,Recommended,230190,23914059,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sssakkaa,I was kind of nervious when I bought the game that it would not hold up to the old Dungeon Keeper series. Not old did it surpass expectations it added a few features that I feel make it better. This game is now my goto game on steam. I have already recomended it my friends.
76561198298521558,Recommended,230190,23872469,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,I Smoked Your Nanna's Ashes,"I love this game, at first it was abit buggy (earlier versions) and with every patch they make this game better and better. There are still bugs yes but this is still in ALPHA/BETA and honestly I think they are doing a great job. They fix bugs more or less instantly when you report them and constantly add new content or improve old content to give it a better design via listening to users in the community. You know DayZ? Five years and only added one car and two new weapons? Yeah not these guys. Serious fans of the DK series and do their best to make this game the best it can be.Also if you do want to speak to the developers we have a Discord chat where the QA team and Development team are online constantly and always talk to the community in real time. Good luck finding another game with these kind of guys behind it, interact with the community, listen to you, and actually respond. I wish all developers were like these as they are so in-touch with their fan base.These guys/girls are a fine example of exactly how to develop a game from ALPHA and keep your community strong and enertained, and bring in new content very very regularly. Abit of effort and hard work - Well done to you guys, a shining example of how it should be."
,Recommended,230190,24225069,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","If you missed the good old days playing Dungeon Keeper 2 and you want more of it, then this is the game to get.It's literally "" D "" closest thing you can get for being a "" Modern "" Dungeon Keeper 2, everything feels familiar but yet it's not an exact same or copy. Basically if you're waiting for DK3, then ths is it I guess.What's better is, even for an Indie company, the game runs very well ! I'm playing on 1440p @ 144hz no issue.With a Sapphire R9 Fury Nitro 4GB, of coures game with this graphics isn't demanding, but just saying constant 144 FPS most the time with the lowest of 100 FPS so far. Graphics looks pleasing to the eyes as well.At first I thought Dungeons II is the DK we were looking for, but that's no where near this. This is least 2X better."
,Recommended,230190,29820718,Posted: 10 February,all,Kaecyus,"The spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper II is not without it's faults, but compared to anything else in the market, or the heresy that is Dungeon Keepr Mobile, it has no competition.The hands off approach will turn some people off, but if you wanted to try a modern Dungeon Keeper-esque title, this is the one to get."
76561197989390600,Recommended,230190,26290412,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Demm,I enjoyed a similar game when i was younger. I enjoyed this game just as much. i would reccomend it if you have played a similar game from the 90s.
,Recommended,230190,35399782,Posted: 1 October,all,Nakedly Rants,"I'm a big Dungeon Keeper fan and waited for D3 for some time. Looks like we are never getting Dungeon Keeper 3 but this game is a more than acceptable substitute. It feels like DK, has the dark humor, and in several ways improves on DK in my opinion (customization options, filtering creatures summoned, being able to replace earth, ect). If you liked DK or feel the need to be a dark evil mastermind then you will like this game!"
,Recommended,230190,9798361,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,EmperorPhoenix,This game gets better with every update keep up the great work guys. looking forward to the full game
76561198005571427,Recommended,230190,9890989,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Gen Greavous,"coming along nicely, the developers obviously have alot of passion about this game and are making a good looking and playable game keeping to the old dungeon keeper style, cant wait for this to be finished and multiplayer to be in.21/4/14: it is playable i havent found any bugs, no mulitplayer yet, has 2 missions and 3 sandbox maps. worth an investement or you can wait for further advancements =]12/12/2015Amazing game just as good as the old dungeon keepers, in its current state there is:a full 13 mission campaignMultiplayer with about 10 maps (more added each update)Good AI sometimes abit too gooda few bugs but thats to be expectedgood polish and graphics, if you ever liked DK1/2 you ned to buy this."
,Recommended,230190,28456934,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"True successor to DK2. I waited it out as when this first appeared on here it was in very early development and I'd rather just play a full game.Now that wait is over, and after playing it for a bit, I'm impressed with what I've seen so far. I want to thank the devs for giving us this, because it's the closest thing we'll ever get to DK3 and they have pulled it off more than I could ever have hoped for."
76561198040628088,Recommended,230190,17102975,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,jonbeckmon,"I really like this game.  It's more complicated than Dungeon II which I also really like.  I do feel that the tutorial in Dungeon II campaign is better though because it explains each little item as you go.  War for the Overworld does not do this.  For instance on Level 7 you really need to build the bombard traps and lots of them but the game does not teach you that you need foundries to get toolboxes to build defenses.  I had a lot of defenses but none of them were building so I had to watch a video online and not only did it show me that you need foundries but that you can pick up toolboxes and put them directly on the defenses to speed up their building.  The game also did not teach me how to use the screen that lists all your monsters and click on it to pick up guys.  I learned that from watching a youtube video.  On level 7 I found the lack of gold to be my biggest obstacle but using blood money and a big prison and turning all their guys into gold statues did the trick.  Infinite gold basically.  Actually it might be level 9 where you have the gold problems looking at my notes.One problem I have with the game is that moving around on the screen does not work well with the mouse.  In Dungeons II the mouse moves around on the screen really well but in War for the Overworld you really need to use the arrow keys instead.  It works really well with the arrow keys.  Another problem is the game is a bit dark and so it's harder to see the screen.  I understand underground is supposed to be dark but I would really appreciate a little more light for visibility.  Overall the game does a really good job in that you have many minion choices from Succubus to Vampire , etc.I guess I should be writing this review from the perspective of advertising to someone who has never played a game like this before.  In that case you build a dungeon to defeat the do gooders that come to destroy your dungeon.  You do this by carving out rooms in the underground and then putting things in them like vaults to store gold, Barracks to attract    low level monsters, Prisons to put enemies in, torture chambers for Succubi to convert them to your side or turn them into Ghosts, Beast chambers to attract beasts, etc.  Then you build an army out of these creatures to attack your enemies.  You can also use traps and doors to slow down the enemy or kill them.  All in all this is a very good game."
76561198080939231,Recommended,230190,10039332,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,DoomPriest K,"Looking for Dungeon Keeper?look no further.Excellent game still in development but retains the things that made Dungeon Keeper so incredible, this is shaping up to be the best dungeon game ever."
,Recommended,230190,26326535,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,hexer4u,"Yep. Dungeon Keeper 2.5.Missions are generally different in difficulty, but very fun game. Higly recommend to anyone who liked Dungeon Keeper.Only downside is that the campaign is short. I mean, you can finish everything in under 30h easily."
76561198189883939,Recommended,230190,23243189,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,02smith.eric,"As a huge fan of the original Dungeon Keeper series, I was estatic when I learned about War for the Overworld. The developers made some hefty claims, but they delivered. From hiring the original voice narrator, to the look and feel of the game, this game is spot on. The minions have a lot of character, although some are sorely missed (I'm looking at you Mistress and Horny), the updated gameplay and smooth controls more than makes up for it.For anyone considering this game, if you have a sense of humor, and enjoy any combination of stragegy, god-sim, or slapping imps, this game is definitely for you.A+"
,Recommended,230190,28356822,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cyberdogg13,if you like the old dungeon keeper gameyou are going to love this.its the same game just better in almost every way.great story - great grapics - great missions - good skirmish - decent game time.the worst thing is realy that the game is too short XDif you are a good keeper player then you can complete this in a good 2 days with the heart of gold DLC.i only feel love of the devil when i play this gamei love iT!.thanks for reading ^^
76561198205099541,Recommended,230190,16929620,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,johnsonater42,"this game is really cool its almost exactly like dungeon keeper 2. the problem is that it runs really laggy yeah my cpu isn't the best but i only played 17 hours trying to fix the speed issues and no refund is availiable, that sucks. be extra sure your cpu has lots of memory before you get this game"
76561198014336733,Recommended,230190,10201112,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,LordofRoses,"Essentially Dungeon Keeper 3 new and improved. Tons of new rooms and recycles ones, again with creatures, new and interesting spells e.g. sacrificing one of your minions/prisoners for gold LOL."
,Recommended,230190,9713425,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nationkid05,Ever played dungeon keeper 1 or 2?Well this game nearly hits the mark on bringing back them memories of the good old times when i could slap my flys or set fire to them annoying heroes!This game just needs a bit more polish and some more features in (yes i know its EAG).and i recon then we could be seeing ourself what DK3 would of been.Proud to support this game!If your a fan of bullfrog or Dungeon sims you should check this out!
,Recommended,230190,31533910,Posted: 3 May,all,Vante,"The best, most faithful dungeon keeper remake to date. The campaign is really hard. Just like the original, most of the time I lose and have no idea where I went wrong. It lacks the incredible wry humor of the original and some of the dialog is painful... but it has the same dungeon building, trap crafting, gold mining elements of the original PLUS a whole slew of additional depth."
,Recommended,230190,31002557,Posted: 7 April,all,Tekki,This Game is a must Have for every Dungeon Keeper Fan.The minute you enter the Main menu the feel Home.I really enjoy Playing Wfto.The map Editor works great and there are already some Deeper Dungeons and Dundeon Keeper maps in the Workshop
76561198060437638,Recommended,230190,9986782,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Morkha ||,"7 month ago the game was ultra laggy unplayable with poor contentbut what a surpriseso mutch good work as been done ,Yes thats still buggedsome time  : minions bug on doors ,some time  : they dont attacksome enemys dont moove / cant be killed / selectedbut for an alpha i dont care about that , the dungeon keeper spirit is there and thats great !my onliest request to the devs now ( witthout finish the game )is to see if that possible to add devils/deamons/vampire like in the historical game,and more funiniest traps like gas poison , spike , the giant bullet,... towers lazers and canons are a bit simples( look at  td mode on warcraft 3 for ideas ;)  )thx for that game25/12/2014"
,Recommended,230190,16560596,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Deathmonkey7,"If you've ever wanted a new Dungeon Keeper, this is it.I've been following this game since Early Access, and it has come a long way. When the game finally launched, it was still a bit rough around the edges. However, after some great patches from the developers, the game is realizing its full potential.  Great game and certainly worth the cash!"
76561198046440800,Recommended,230190,18004717,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,=FIN= Sakuya Izayoi ~Nyu,"I recommend this game since it got it's new update, since when i bought this it was on it's early access stage which had very many weird things like the hand not looking proper or the minions were super laggy and stuff. But now that the update came, the game is very fun to play. As far as i gotten in the campaing i enjoyed it. Bit hard some maps but with some trial and error (if needed) they are passable. I just hope they add somekind of *My pet dungeon* like in Dungeon keeper 2 since those were fun to do after finishing campaing or just if wanted to do.Conclusion: Very fun game with some challange it. 10/10"
76561197973158160,Recommended,230190,18465389,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Beelzebunny,"I loved Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2, and I love this game!"
,Recommended,230190,23283789,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Thinson_Luo,I‘m very hope that have a Chinese language! :P
,Recommended,230190,15190987,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Bat,"Do you miss dungeon keeper? This is very much the same - AWESOME. Nice to be able to be the bad guy - How i missed the torture chamber!:D Only thing that bothers me is that everything can walk across water (should imo be deeper, but ive only played some maps in camp), so bridges are only to expand, not to build chokepoints.Very much recommended!"
,Recommended,230190,17368484,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Capricious Demon,"Really enjoying this game as I played Dungeon Keeper 2. It very much feels like the sequel. The bugs and problems stated in the negative reviews seem to be mostly fixed. Only a few glitches have I encountered and not a single one was game shattering (only minor things such as after using an archon ability during possession, you can't move)."
,Recommended,230190,20322450,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,H.U.N.K.,"A must-have for any Dungeon Keeper fans. This game takes all of the concepts from Dungeon Keeper 2 and expands upon them, with improved graphics and gameplay."
76561198266248645,Recommended,230190,23665521,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,amne,"I really dig the whole tower defense genre. Compared to TD games, WFTO is a bit more chaotic with so many things happening in so many places - but it's a lot of fun, and unlike some TD games a single error won't ruin your whole gaming experience. There's a seemingly endless amount of possibilities how to play the game - i for one almost never used the alchemist, but focused on building prisons and torturing people to join my worthy cause.The missions (WFTO and the heart of gold expansion) are a lot of fun to play, there's also a sandbox/skirmish/multiplayer mode - however I did not find them that interesting.Overall, this is a great game and I'm looking forward to the next expansion!"
76561198052688960,Recommended,230190,15218541,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,homander,Have been playing this for a few hours now and have not encountered any show stopping bugs. Some unfinished touches still lacking but in the end it is a really good end result from such a small dev team. If you liked that good old Dungeon Keeper you'll most likely like this as well. It is good the be the Underlord. Two thumbs up.
,Recommended,230190,17552026,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Stimwalt | YouTube,"Overall Rating = 8.5/10This game will remind you of Dungeon Keeper almost immediately, and does a good job of keeping things fun and interesting, but it does need more content and polishing.  However, it is still worth the purchase right now, and I'm convinced the development team is dedicated to improving the gameplay and world, especially after reading their state of the game updates.  Give these guys a chance, they really ""get it"" and aim to please all dungeon keepers out there.  I mean... underlords! :)What really needs improvement?-Large scale battles on large maps like the Campaign map ""The Kenos"" are still choppy.  The game seems to be very RAM intensive on larger maps, so efforts to correct this are very highly recommended.  I have a very high end machine with 32GB of 1600 DDR3 RAM, i7 Quad Core 3.6GHz, and 2x GeForce 780ti's in SLI, and it was choppy for me.  Most likely this has to do with how the game handles memory/processor usage.-Possession combat is wonky currently.  It's hard to really control the attacks, and you can barely tell if you used one of the creatures abilities or not.  The animations are not prominent when you attack during possession.-Need more reason to possess a creature, as currently it doesn't seem to make any difference in combat whether you possess a creature or not?-Not sure if heros or evil heros are implemented or not, but that would be a no-brainer for possession mechanics, assuming it will be in the game at all.-When building structures like pig slaughter, lair, barracks, etc.. it would be nice if there were visual queues that helped the player visually understand how much bigger their barracks needs to be to increase the army size.  If i build a 3x3, and I have a 10x10 slaughter/lair, maybe when the user mouses over the barracks, it shows them what they are missing by just having a 3x3 barracks?  You get the idea, even if maybe I used the wrong structures in my example!What would be nice to have?-I think the game needs a more elaborate sound track/sound effects, as while there is music, it's not dark and dungeony enough for my taste.  I like the current feel of the game, goofy and dark, just continue that theme with more dramatic music during attacks from dwarves, or the discovery of artifacts.  While it's cool to hear the guy say ""You have discovered an artifact"" maybe a prominent noise specific to artifact discover would be nice, because you tend to tune that voice out after awhile.-I'm not sure if there is a hotkey system, but if there is, make it more obvious via the tutorial.  I'd rather bind things to my own hotkeys menu, especially the rally flags for minions and beasts, and reveal fog of war ability, lightning ability, etc.-Add more randomness to digging blocks of earth.  Maybe occassionally I discover a trapped worker from a previous underlord, or a passageway to another area filled with secrets (that appeared as ROCK via reveal fog of war), or stout dwarven enemies, or neutral merchants that sell potions, whatever.  Fog of war should not be able to tell you everything you need to know before digging - add that element of surprise, as it makes the overall game mechanics of digging itself far more interesting.-Tooltips could use improvement, as when I first started placing blade lotus and defenses, it was not immediately clear to me via the game's user interface, or mouse over tips, that I needed a Foundry to provide the defensive parts to my structures.  It would be nice to recommend building a Foundry, similar to the suggestion above about adding more visual queues to gameplay/building for ease.The Final Verdict?Overall Rating = 8.5/10-This game will be great eventually, and right now it is still very good.  If you want to wait for a more polished game in a few months, you can because the development team is determined, but this game is already very playable in most cases, and is a lot of fun as is."
76561197966437443,Recommended,230190,17762033,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Master Onion,"simple-if you loved dungeon keeper you will love this.  It is basically dungeon keeper 3.  It even has the same voice over that is an awsome touch.  There are new creatures which aren't introduced as gradually as in the original dungeon keeper games so although there is alot of different creatures, spells and abilitys I tend to stick with what I know from old school.I have had this from early, early days and it has evolved massivly since then.  It still has some work to go in some areas and to improve performance and load time furthers.  I will say the Devs seem pretty pro-active so far.8.5/10"
,Recommended,230190,18047035,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ghoul,One of the better Dungeon game. I have played DK2 more times than I can count. This game is the closest you will come to Dungeon Keeper(DK).Will recommend it to all.Who would not like to be EVIL :)
76561198031482591,Recommended,230190,29811415,Posted: 9 February,all,SPANNERSLAMMER,Loved the game but very weak ending
,Recommended,230190,15218219,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Empurata,"Warning: Long personal opinion review ahead.TL:DR version: As someone who was introduced to PC gaming through Dungeon Keeper 1. I love it, It's great for those nostalgic for the classic ""Dungeon Keeper"" gameplay and a fair introduction to those new to the Dungeon Management RTS genre. Only negative i have is in the games on/off freezing times when alot is happening at once such as a large scale combat.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------For those of you who were very upset over EA games mobile abomination and black mark against a beloved PC cult classic ""Dungeon Keeper"", War of the Overworld is in my regards a true to form successor that delivered what it's Kickstarter set out to do 2 years ago.Players who have played or are still playing Dungeon Keeper 1/2 you will find that this game will make you feel right at home as nothing has really changed in terms of theme and gameplay with the only a few small exceptions in regards to the naming of creatures and rooms.At this time I have only played the campaign and sandbox mode so I do not know what the online multiplayer or skirmish modes are like. But as far as the campaign goes it is a trip through nostalgia lane. As you play through the campaign you find that not only do you play the standard ""Build, Manage, Defend"" gamestyle Dungeon keeper made famous.  You also have to play different play styles in order to accomplish your mission goals or to respond to the mission's situation, This can provide you with a very refreshing or frustrating challenge depending on how view it. To me the very icing on this cake is that your in-game mentor ""The Overlord"" is voiced by Dungeon Keeper's very own Richard Ridings who delivers the same grand performance he made in Dungeon Keeper while also providing the games comic releif in the lines he delivers during gameplay.Sandbox mode is essentially DK's ""My Pet Dungeon"" where you are given all and unlimited resources to allow you to build your very own perfect dungeon with out any worry of being invaded or having to accomplish some mission. I think it's a bit dull but it's something to do in your downtime all and all.Now while I have praised the game alot so far and I still recommend it to those interested, There is one negative I have in that the game will slow down to a stand still if there is alot going on at once, This happened to me multiple times on one mission in the campaign where there are 3 different teams all with large sized armies. There was so much going on it would freeze the game up for a minute or 2 and my PC has been setup to run most of the latest games on high graphics, So far the game has not crashed but I do recommend saving your progress every now and then."
76561198002577624,Recommended,230190,20247759,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nuclear Disco Donkey,Map editor...
76561198123655654,Recommended,230190,30109602,Posted: 22 February,all,Skyhaster,"All a fan of the  Dungeon Keeper franchise could ever want! WftO had a  rocky start but the developers didn't let their game down and made it a pearl!  More Complex, a ton of minions, a ton of spells, a ton of ways to approach gameplay, a ton of gamemodes, a ton of fun, nice multiplayer, LAN and a LVL Editor. The DLC ""Heart of Gold"" has some well designed, cool and hard lvls to offer! Just great! Frequently well off priced during sales. Get it if you love being a dungeon master!"
,Recommended,230190,15178818,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mehApathy,"The game immediately made me feel like I was playing Dungeon Keeper 2 again.  It doesn't try to do anything new, and that's perfect.  Exactly the type of game you want if you enjoyed the Dungeon Keeper Series.After some additional time with the game I have noticed that there are quite a few bugs that make it apparent this is still kind of early access, most notably is the giant ""PLACEHOLDER MULTIPLAYER MENU"" that shows up in the multiplayer menu.  Still worth it at the price point though, and still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,230190,15219234,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Cetharel,"After waiting 16 years for a true dungeon keeper follower this is it, any early bugs still lingering around they are patching out insainly fast (already 8-9 patches been made). Finally we have the feeling of ""It's good to be bad"" again. Fellow underlords this is what we all have been waiting for!!!"
,Recommended,230190,15219514,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,VegetaFH1,"Ive played for 12 hours as of writing thisThis is Dungeon Keeper 101Campian is solid, multiplayer is... not here yet and there is so many features waiting to be put inAs is id buy it now for the 10% off, or for a sale, or just wait until they put in Multiplayer and the rest of the feature listBut above all else, is the game worth player, YEP YEP YEP"
76561197969797500,Recommended,230190,15225599,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sir Skane,"This game is a great follow up to the dungeon keeper series! Lots of new features and creatures, many things to like about it... However, this is most certainly a not quite ripe yet situation. I think as long as the devs keep regularly fixing and improving the game (ala Keen Software House) this game will be amazing. Short of that it will be another tragic effort to reproduce the game we all remember and love. I picked it up to support them in there effort and even in it's current status it's good fun. This has a lot of potential and i am looking forward to it being more polished. Buy now to support them, buy later if you want a fully finished game."
,Recommended,230190,19355569,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,twitch.tv/atsumi_warrior,"Today only, 17 bucks ""Australian"" for one of the best games on steam!Buy it! BUY IT NOW, And enjoy the pleasure of slapping your workers, over and over... and over... those poor little buggers.EDIT - 11/12/2015With the new map maker out, you can now create all the maps you know and love!Everything so far has been free, i just hope they release some Theme's and Extra Worker skins!"
,Recommended,230190,19632972,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,RED-FROG,Great game and great fun. Motivating campaign.Constantly being updated and improved since release.If you loved Dungeon Keeper... get this right now!
76561198008878172,Recommended,230190,19820744,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kedde,"Great DK clone. Very similar to the original, with some new content as well."
76561198045133585,Recommended,230190,14721664,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,korndog_87,"FINALLY!....wicked game guys, so glad someone has finally revisited this and done a professional job of the make over.....everything i remembered from the original one just tuned up and added to 10x over....love it!!....NOW HURRY UP AND BUILD ON THE MISSIONS!....try ur hardest with story dudes........and you will of correctly ressurected a legend!!"
76561197970904097,Recommended,230190,15215835,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Binthor,"The Dungeon Keeper feel is certainly there, but since buying the game as it was released I've run into a LOT of bugs. Does this ruin gameplay? No, but it does get annoying up to the point that I had to quit and go do something else. I do really like playing as long as the game works, so I'll list a couple of pro's and con's.Con's (or bug report, rather):-Loading saved games sometimes messes up the level you're loading, making minions and creatures just stand about, unresponsive to commands. Also the fog of war is sometimes reset, so anything you may have explored before will be covered up again.-Tooltips that pop up when you hold your mouse over creatures or items still show the programming code instead of an anctual tool tip. Really? In a released game?-Creatures sometimes get 'lost' inside a wall and can't be interacted with anymore. It also happens that they just get stuck in some trance and just stand in one spot for the duration of the level.-Bugged dungeon state reports. For instance the food shortage message keeps repeating even though you have plenty of food available.-The Desecration level. A dungeon building game and then they put in this level where you don't build a dungeon, but rather go Warcraft III and walk around with a selection of creatures and have to make sure they don't die. It's not a difficult level, just annoying.Pro's (or the game as it is when the bugs don't strike):+As I've said, the Dungeon Keeper feel is certainly there. Love the gloomy interiors and the demonic voice that accompanies you as you slap minions and such.+Interesting spells/traps/etc. I also like the mechanic of researching those things in your library before being able to access them. The potions option is also a great new addition.+Humor. Random messages of random sillyness going on in your dungeon.+Potential. If the dev's buckle down and get this game steampressed (and *cough* the multiplayer option working *cough*) I'm sure it's going to be great fun to play.So overall, I would recommend this game, but advise to maybe wait a while longer for all the bugs to be worked out. Because even though it's been released, it's far from finished."
76561197993719649,Recommended,230190,15217580,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Phelix [CBA],"Needs alot more polish, but as far as features goes, this game has it in spades! I'm confident this game will shine when the devs have put some more effort into it. It was released to early, but this game feels like a passion project, and that is why I believe it will eventually get to a state where it is a must have for any Dungeon Keeper fan. Every problem this game has is fixable, and beneath the bugs is a faithful spiritual successor.Pro: - Loads of features- Great looking- Good sound assets- Dark humor- A developer that cares about the community and the gameCons: - Too many bugs at this stage- Missing tooltips- No Bile Demons or Horned Reaper ;)"
76561198006608782,Recommended,230190,15219539,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Karuda,"Great game if you loved DK 1 and 2 you will love this game it is the remake we have been waiting for, Ignore the haters moaning about bugs and stuff the devs have done nothing but release patches all day everyday to fix them, more then some devs do in other games so good on them for being so quick to fix things."
,Recommended,230190,15256931,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DeaconnFrost,If you even remotely liked Dungeon Keeper or Dungeon Keeper 2 you'll love this. So much nostalgia!
,Recommended,230190,15268595,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"I have yet to really get into the meat of the game given the limited time I have played it, but I would definitely agree it is a great game with a lot of potential.  As most would attest, it is the closest game to Dungeon Keeper there is right now and fans of that game should definitely consider this one.My only complaint right now is the game always displaying on the same screen with dual monitors.  It would be nice if there were a feature in the in-game options to select the desired display for the game.  I simply project to the primary screen in order to get around this.However, game-wise, this one is definitely a winner in my book!"
76561197962062136,Recommended,230190,17901935,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The Metal,"9/10, would give it 10/10 but i want to see more campaign! It's everything I hoped it could be back in bedrock beta. Hats of  to the Devs :)"
76561198066465524,Recommended,230190,18441649,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,blackmib,fun needs multiplayer adjustments
76561197960458528,Recommended,230190,19740247,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TheDude,"For anyone that is a fan of the Dungeon Keeper series, this is a wonderful spiritual successor. Been playing for a long time, and they've come such a long way since early access.It plays, feels, and sounds just what I would expect a DK game to be like now. Lots of new rooms, abilities, spells, creatures - everything.There's still some slight bugginess (as of 12/16/2015) - mainly just some minor issues with the GUI (IE: if you slap a minion too fast, it will only show the animation for the first slap)Campaign is a lot of fun. It's well designed. I'm about halfway through it.I'd highly recommend this game if you're looking for a Dungeon Keeper fix."
76561198152914624,Recommended,230190,15192148,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BillytheSquig,"oh dear oh dear what have we here, a few reservations about purchasing this little gem, reserve no more my friend GET IT NOW! the game is awesome, subterranean games is SUPER prompt about fixing things and during beta we got "" War for the overworld wednesdays"" where patch or no we were told EXACTLY what to expect from them and they did it, its mad fun super evil and has Richard freaking Ridings doing the mentor voice for crying out loud so if you still aren't convinced let me tell you what got me, they had me at the line ""underlord, hairy midgets (dwarves) are invading your dungeon""....get the game, ignore the trolls....or give them a slap so they'll work harder"
76561198010240460,Recommended,230190,15193320,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,conmanf16,War for the Overworld is a Spiritual Successor to DK 1-2 ... Its a great game that does need some polishing before becoming a finished product.  I'll patiently wait for them to fix the current V 1.0 and support the team 100%!
,Recommended,230190,30962413,Posted: 5 April,all,Tazbutt127,Fun game that gives you reasons to come back and play.
,Recommended,230190,16541968,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CynEater,"At first War for the overlord, looks and feels like dungeon keeper. But its not.The campaign is sort of fun…. But then the game unravels.With the AI having near perfect micromanagement. It feels like you’re playing a Korean RTS pro ever time.  After the 4th o5 th time of trying a level you realize that doing your choirs would be more fun.The Enemy AI has near perfect micromanagement.  I don’t know about you but my idea of fun is not to fight the hardest enemy from day dot. This gets very frustrating and takes the fun out of the game.It’s so close to being good but it’s so far at the same time.Not sure if the game is finished. But I do know the AI needs to be fixed and maybe add some difficulty levels for people who like to play games for fun.4 out of 10.Good effort add some fun and difficulty modes you would get an 8"
,Recommended,230190,25352101,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Crystal Rose,"Darkest Greetings, Underlords! OMG! Time to finally get my nose out of this game long enough to give this beauty a review it so richly deserves. This has to be...No kidding...Grab a freaking snack and Lock the frickin' front door...BEST game out there! Everything that makes up 'War For The Overworld', the graphics, the music, the voices with their funny dialogs and the sound effects and noises. All of these aspects create a gloriously mythical, magical blend of delightfully fiendish evilness that I'm sure you will love! Immersive?! You bet this game is! You will forget all time and space. Remember to get comfortable, grab a snack and say 'Hi!' to the family, (or at least wavy at them) before going in-game...'Cause, you'll be in-game for a VERY LONG time!You will have love/hate relationships with every last one of these amazingly funny characters...To The Mentor, right down to the very last, lowly Minion! WFTO will soon become the crowning glory of your game collection!To everyone involved in the making of 'War For The Overworld', Many thanks for your talents! With all your combined talents, this has to be the most impressive work I've ever seen in a game!Now, back to the game. My Minions are wreaking havoc in my Dungeon as we speak!...Oh those wonderful little buggers!"
,Recommended,230190,25396083,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GamingAssassin,This game is simply amazing its a fantastic spirtual sucessor to dungeon keeper.
,Recommended,230190,26341869,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SteelSoldierUK,It's Payday.
,Recommended,230190,33256455,Posted: 4 July,all,Rayden☆✪,"This game is buggy and can crash a lot... however it's the real Dungeon Keeper clone and feels like a Dungeon Keeper game.  Except with some small changes here and there, this is the most real Dungeon Keeper game on Steam."
76561198007694279,Recommended,230190,34120137,Posted: 9 August,all,Kitano Vinken,"Excellent game, the best available modern replacement for Dungeon Keeper to me."
76561198039325168,Not Recommended,230190,28440492,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Horatio,"I will give 3 stars for this game.I would suggest that you buy with -75% discount. Don't buy with full price.Pros:1. Plentiful creatures, rooms and other game features.2.Active and responsive developers, who are still willing to fix bugs.Cons:1. Badly designed campaign. I can't even have enough time and space to build a decent dungeon.In most case, I am fighting against time, and the space is often too limited. I just wanted to build a workable room as soon as possible. There is hardly any fun of building and arrangement.There are only 13 levels, not enough.The campaign is not well designed to introduce game features.2. BugsIt sometimes crashes or freezes."
,Recommended,230190,16486700,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,eisiger,"It's a game where you click things, and then things happen. It's good!"
,Recommended,230190,17391491,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Cooper,"If you are a fan of dungeon keeper 2 and always wished they had made a third game then here you go. This game is almost 10/10 I just wish the mini-map was different colors, because Im color-blind and I can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens on it."
76561198005363000,Recommended,230190,23277771,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,mi,"Hands down, one of the best early acces games i've seen so far.There are a few technical glitches (anti virus thinks its ""unsafe"", screen res locked at start up), but all where solved very quickly with some good help in the forum.Gameplay so far is VERY smooth, if you'r old enough to have spent too many hours enjoying Dungeon Keeper 1&2, you'll love this! The narrator brings back memories, the playstyle is very familiar, though with some added researching and a tech tree, monsters and spells are mostly a renewed version of the old, with a few classics still lingering in the corners, campaign is already extensive and starts off gently with some build in challenges hidden in achivements :)10/10 here - and its not even done yet!!!"
,Recommended,230190,31431511,Posted: 28 April,all,Dunno Mate,"I jumped on this beauty the moment I heard of it, A new ""dungeon Keeper?! I'm in"" and I haven't been disappointed much yet. It is a wonderful game and plays smoothly even on my PC (660 GTX, i5-2550k, 8GB). I like that they have gone towards DK2 more than DK1, even though I liked DK1 It just seemed a bit lacking compared to DK2. After finishing the campaign in DK2 I kinda got bored doing skirmishes and such and finally gave the Pet Dungeon a go and I loved it....probably more than the rest of the game. Now that they have brought it out for WFTO I am overwhelmed, Would have been better as a free DLC or an update, little bit annoyed for the further payed DLC but it works brilliantly. Great Job Guys!"
,Recommended,230190,26244482,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,AHB,"This'll probably look ridiculous since steam doesn't track time played offline, but I've actually gotten every achievement except one and played through the original and the DLC campaign multiple times.If you're a fan of Dungeon Keeper this will probably be right up your alley.Devs are very good about supporting and updating the game, it's beautiful looking, has some cool callbacks to DK while also being its own thing with plenty of fun and devious traps, potions and magic spells to play around with.The only negative thing I can say is that it has performance issues, fwiw the devs are working on that and it has gotten a lot better over time.TL;DR Game is good"
76561197975159283,Recommended,230190,26278034,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,2stoned,Looking for Dungeon Keeper 3? Buy this!It might not keep up with the DK atmosphere but it is as close as it gets.
,Recommended,230190,26103212,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jahmmin',"Throwback to dungeon keeper! Modern update to the original masterpiece! The base game feels much like dk2, I hope much more will be added with expansions and workshop content!"
76561198146687992,Recommended,230190,21641856,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kespeppercorn,I supported this during early access and the released product is AMAZING!!!! I loved the original dungeon keeper and although this is very similar the creators have taken this and added to it to make it an amazing game n it's own right.If you like building and strategy games with a bit of a twist then this is a game for you. Every detail has been well thought out where monsters can battle monsters while you train up your army and defend your realm taking as much pleasure as possible in smashing the other guy.
76561198012621598,Recommended,230190,23254591,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mr. Frits,The current date version of DK2. Awesome in so many ways
76561198056671521,Recommended,230190,32578793,Posted: 19 June,all,Cneasaigh,"Great game,good for any fan of the Dunegon Keeper series and new comers."
,Recommended,230190,33679105,Posted: 20 July,all,Dilettante,"Surprisingly a good game, I expect a simple nostalgia trip, I got something more.Indeed the earlier levels start a little bit weak but it can keeps you engaged in the game.Definitely worth the purchase."
76561197992229015,Recommended,230190,26427121,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dire,"It's a rather tough call to recommend (or not recommend) this game, because personally I feel it fits kind of in the middle and much of your enjoyment will come from nostalgia.So, WFTO is essentially Dungeon Keeper 3. After a rough early access and subsequent buggy release, over 1 year later the game still has many issues, but at least the devs have listened and made improvements.That being said:- The ""cursor"" while stylish is still very unprecise- The game still has some bugs in it (most notably health bars of my minions keep disappearing despite the option to do so not being enabled. This is a serious issue, because the game requires you to use healing powers, so it would be great to know which minions were badly damaged)- The framerate absolutely TANKS, which is unacceptable for such a mediocre looking game. It should not hog so many resources on a powerful systemNow on to the actual review:- Graphics: As said before, the game doesn't look particularly good. It's a better DK2 with improved lighting, better models, higher resolution, flashy effects, etc. But the basic models, etc. still look like 10 years old. Let's not even talk about the animation quality. It's just comedic.- Sound: Oh, where to begin. The voice acting is SUPERB, everything else should be thrown onto a garbage pile. Combat sounds blend together into 1 big mess, while constantly being interrupted by ""your minions are being slaughtered"" or ""xyz has died"" or ""your minions are rebelling"", etc. And not to forget the ever present new years rocket when one of your minions levels up. Or the sound effect of your necromancer killing an enemy. OMG. Just get rid of 80% of the sound overlap or make them less annoying. It's a serious problem.- UI: It's ""ok"". My biggest issue is with the warbands UI. This is extremely clunky. Unit control is a nightmare in this game. I mean, you don't even have direct control, but oh my...it's just messy.- Gameplay: If you liked DK 2 you will like this one as well I guess. The game consists of separate elements.1. Excavate a proper dungeon and mine gold2. Build rooms to attract minions and do other stuff (rooms with 4 walls are more efficient I think)3. Be sure your minions have everything they need (food, beer, place to sleep more or less is all they require).This is the strategic management part of the game, which is followed by:4. Click on a banner to send all your minions, previously created warbands or a certain type of minion (e.g. beasts) to a rally flag where they will try to defeat your enemy and not get horribly murdered in the process. Your minions are♥♥♥♥♥♥stupid. Combat is chaos. Eh.5. Cast ""heal"" as often as your mana allows you to6. After 2 minutes ""delete"" the rally flag so your minions won't rebel, because they are hungry or tired or whatever (if they are still alive).Seriously, low level minions die like flies. And the only other spell I found really worth using was lightning bolt, when I was fighting enemies on my own turf, because it is cheap, does damage and stuns the target. Spells also have no cooldown. Of course there are more spells, but micromanaging spells and picking out single units in the melee is kinda not worth it. Just heal your minions or zap the enemy.Apart from that you can also ""research"" new rooms, spells and traps. Traps are in my opinion one of the biggest wastes of time in this game. At least in the late game. They die almost instantly to level 10 creatures, even with a fort that heals them and makes them stronger. They are also expensive and ""lock"" some of your mana away. Rarely worth it. Focus on doors instead. Certain minions need to be working in certain rooms in order to create traps, doors, potions, rituals, or research, etc. You get the idea. If you want these minions safe when fighting or just to resume their day to day tasks, you can assign them to a ""peace band"", which is fidgety as hell.Story and campaign: Since the initial release the campaign was heavily adjusted. Levels that were apparently a nightmare 1 year ago are now a pushover. I had to restart 2 levels at one point, because they caught me off guard. Apart from that the levels are really easy for the most part. They just take a while to complete usually. A difficulty selector would have worked wonders here.All in all it's a fun little game, but it's definitely something you need to really love, so you can overlook all its flaws. The bad performance and the terrible battle controls make me wonder why anyone would want to play this game in Multiplayer. Also, we have 2016, why the hell is there no auto save feature? Get it for a discount perhaps. If you really want a new Dungeon Keeper. And of course you can still possess your minions, though it doesn't seem very worthwhile to do so most of the time."
76561198030282651,Recommended,230190,15270657,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,shiftingbee,"A really hardcore experience, quite like DK as many have said before me.Can't wait for devs to fix bugs though the game is still very playable. I've only stumbled upon a bug in campaign mode, on the third map (it has got incredibly laggy and no, I'm not playing with my netbook ha-ha). The Skrimish mode was ok (I got my♥♥♥♥♥beaten pretty fast though) and the Online mode did ok too.Great game, recommend you it from the bottom of my heart."
,Recommended,230190,20415910,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RLT,Patches have really made this game great. A good throw back too Dungeon Keeper.
76561198012277398,Recommended,230190,30026570,Posted: 18 February,all,Yulyeong,"So Dungeon Keeper had a child named War for the Overworld... This child turned out to be better in every way.Many of the games mechanics that differ from Dungeon Keeper allows for different playstyle and strategies, this make multiplayer very interesting. As an exemple : I like doing dungeons with mostly cultists, chunders, necromancers and beasts, investing in little else while abusing the sanctuary and agressively pushing my foes to take as many prisoners as possible, ultimately raising an army of powerful vampires.As I write this, the game is very polished and alot of bugs were fixed over the last few updates.The devs are still working on adding contents and fixing the remaining bugs.This is the best dungeon building/dungeon keeper like game around !"
76561198025703374,Recommended,230190,15203681,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Brent,"Impatient, non-readers can scroll to end for TL,DRI jumped on this bandwagon about two years ago. I was excited about what they were doing and hoped beyond hope for a game that truly was more Dungeon Keeper. I participated in their discussions and made suggestions. I watched their videos and read their reports. I was all about this game... For about 6 months.In the following months, I became very bored with this game, I admit. I actually felt that things were rolling out too slowly and was concerned that I had bought in to yet another ""early access"" game that would actually be ""forever alpha access"" instead. About a year ago I uninstalled the game and moved on, chalking this up to another learning experience.Yesterday, I noticed it's full release. I have no idea why I went to their page and ultimately installed the game to try playing it again (I really had given up on it) but I guess I was bored enough? I braced myself for disappointment.I think that having so many other early access disappointments really made me far too over-harsh on this group and what they were doing. I was giggling in the first mission and I was hooked in the second. This game is exactly what they said it would be. It's DK without major publisher taint all over it. It's DK's successor.Is it perfect? Nope. No game can be. Is it broken? Nope. Everything is playable and fun. Is there a learning curve? Yep. But if you played DK, you have completed the basic tutorial. Are there bugs? Yes. And the team is already all up in that.I don't approve of people giving this game poor reviews due to the multiplayer not being in full function (at time of writing) or because their system can't handle it (I have a decent system at best and have had very little lag when my dungeon was huge) because that's not what these reviews should be about in my mind. DK was mostly single player, and the single player game is awesome.My only real complaint (and it is easy to remedy) is the voice acting for minions can be a little repetitive.Having seen where they started and looking at where they're finishing, this game did not fail at it's task. If you miss your DK and the other dungeon manager games have fallen flat, then this is what you've been waiting for. You won't be disappointed.TL,DRYes....What?You skipped the rest of it so I figured you wanted a short answer.Go on. Have fun."
76561198097739073,Recommended,230190,15275461,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,R0bD0gAtr0n,"Thoroughly enjoy the game! Worth the purchase. It's a bit too fast paced for my style of games, though i make the exception for this one. I think in future updates individual races like Goblins, Orcs, Vampires, Demons, Mons/ters etc should be available andhave their own buildings and tech tree and stuff instead of clumping them together in one. 8/10"
76561198008113659,Recommended,230190,15181701,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ArtificialSelection,"Loved DK1 & 2, have been watching and playing with this game through early access, and it has proven to be exactly what i was hoping for when i saw it!"
76561198019977489,Recommended,230190,15214172,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,looga,"if your a fan of dk2 you have to buy this 100% there have been a few bugs here and there but most are fixed with patches coming out ever 6-12 hours, buy the game and support these guys, help them develop this amazing game :D"
76561198044467759,Recommended,230190,15256307,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Iccaruss,"Yes, this game is unfinished,yes it has some bugs and problems,BUT: it can be the successor in spirit of Dungeon Keeper and it could be the game a lot of fans waited.At this state it is hard to recommend it, BUT the devs are patching like madness.THey came out of Early Access a tiny bit to early, so if you want to wait till it is finished, get it after the 2nd of May,If you can live with a...lets estimate 75% or more finished game, with campaign and funny comments and dungeon-keeper-esque moments, buy it now :)"
,Recommended,230190,20188757,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ciruela,"The game was amazing at first sight! The campaing is glorious.Havent been able to try the MP yet, i guess there's not many people playing multiplayer or im just unlucky with the timing.The cursor is kinda wierd, it doesnt work properly sometimes but its not really a big problem, but i find that clicking the small buttons that the Hud offers is hard specially when your creatures are fighting and you may want to heal one or the other.apart from that the game is pretty functional.Reminds me of the good old times when i played dk 1 and dk 2 :)"
,Recommended,230190,29849039,Posted: 11 February,all,MR.Y,Dungeon Keeper is back. Excellent.
76561198105337797,Recommended,230190,15185106,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,InglewoodCompton,"Brilliant game!!! It's like the Dungeon Keeper 3 we all waited for! Great atmosphere, great memories! Thanks for finally making it happen!"
,Recommended,230190,15203105,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Merana,"OMG this is dungeon keeper in all but name! same voice and everything.This is what the latest Dungeon Keeper game should have been, not the paltry pay to win phone app game that the license is being wasted on.if you liked Dungeon Keeper, dont think, just buy this! yo wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,230190,15219686,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,daredevil,"This is the game all Dungeon Keeper Fans have been waiting for!I must admit from when i first bought the game back in 2014 till now it has come a really long way and although there are aspects that still dont work such as multiplayer the gameplay itself is fantastic. I highly reccommend this to anyone who loved the origional dungeon keeper series.Do support the development team, there are a few bugs at the moment but i know they are working extremely hard to patch them as quickly as possible. Keep up the great work guys."
,Recommended,230190,15280085,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nightingeil_,"Of course the DK classic first is still the best but this works too, I guess."
,Recommended,230190,23438402,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Proflow [CivilGamers.com],"So this game has taken a lot of stick since its initial release in 2015 and I took a risk and funded Subterranean Games towards the games development. Why is this review positive you might ask? Well the game was initally buggy, very buggy but heck any new game is bound to be littered with flaws and funding companies to work on the game and iron the creases out is something I have not regretted.Over one year on and this game is a fantastic renaissance of what the old Dungeon Keeper series used to be. Personally, its everything and more to what I would want from a follow up to the DK Series. Its clear that the developers love this game and have lived solely to make it work for us the players. Any review that mentions bugs or glitches, please let me assure you I have come across none in the recent months of playing and I believe they have been resolved. A fantastic follow-up to a fantastic game series with a devoted community and great developers."
,Recommended,230190,17402653,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Llanthas,"Dungeon Keeper 3.I started playing after the kids went to bed.  I looked up after a few minutes, and my wife was making coffee and going to work. The kids were staring at me, wondering how I got up so early.10/10 Would smack imps and spread evil all night again.It's that good."
,Recommended,230190,15206285,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ragnerock,dont belive what otehr game mag's say or what steam tries to pass as a game like dungeon keeper. because THIS IS THE REAL DEAL if ur a fan of dungeon keeper this is practicly dungeon keeper 3 made by the original team from bullfrog!!!! no other game can compare and i love all theynew stuff they added. THIS IS DUNGEON KEEPER INCARNAT!!!!
,Recommended,230190,18717977,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Skrewloose,It's a perfect copy of dungeon keeper. Plus more!!!12/10-would write a 1 line review again
,Recommended,230190,29726329,Posted: 5 February,all,Beeefy,Awesome spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper
,Recommended,230190,30932227,Posted: 3 April,all,MGUY,"Spiritual successor to the hit classic Dungeon Keeper, very reminiscent of the gameplay any DK or DK2 fan remembers, and ontop of this, has 2 full campaigns, skirmish, pet dungeon, multiplayer, and challenge/puzzle dungeons. Compare this game to EA's recent Dungeon Keeper Mobile and cry at how EA dragged the DK name through the dirt with their cash cow facebook / farmville style game, and then come back to this and revel in how great it is."
76561197998929928,Recommended,230190,15209726,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,daddymoroz,Like old good DK!
,Recommended,230190,15204373,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dane,Got to Wave 8 - Game crashed.10/10Would crash game again.
,Recommended,230190,15212907,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Greystar,"Games as close to being Dungeon Keeper as I've seen in a game lately so those who think its Good to be Bad (atleast on occasion) should look into this one.I also wanted to add:1) This game has some (for some) game breaking bugs (I don't seem to be as badly affected)2) The devs are working as as fast as possible to fix #13) If you can't deal with the above then delay your purchase for a few months4) IF you dont mind helping to find other bugs/issues buy now and play through what is available5) If you want to rant about the game being unfinished... don't bother it seems others have ""Been there, done that"" just read their reviews.I am by no means a ""fanboy"" however I do enjoy dungeon keeper(esque) games and this is as close as I have gotten in RECENT games.  So come in where it's good to be bad or what for a bit and see how the devs fix things.  Your choice but personally I'm tired of the people being so negative, yes the game was pushed to early but still.  They are trying to deal with the issues as they come up without creating more in the process."
76561198043727458,Recommended,230190,15874026,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Oyteara,10/10 HavelsThat is all.
,Not Recommended,230190,17656207,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GrumpyGus,"I've been waiting along time before making the step to purchase this title.And without going into to many details, that would not be useful.The game is decent far from the old Dungeon Keeper spirit tho, and way to many issues in the game itself.Me playing less than 2 hours completed only 2 missions besides the starting ""area"", and this werent due to the game being to hard, due to POV getting stuck in weird angels after using the possession, 2times the game itself manage to die on me.And the fact that the gameplay isnt that very smooth, grafics isnt anything to scream for either.But the worst thing in my opinion, is that the feel and spirit of this game is no were near the game it comes from ""Dungeon Keeper""and that is the killer for me, the fact that its made to be the ""next"" start in this series, but fails.Btw, i refunded the game on steam, and it went smooth so atleast one thing good came out of this."
76561197990685377,Recommended,230190,15212758,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CoachDrak,"Finally a game that isnt ""LIKE dungoen Keeper""its finally a SUCCESSOR to ""Dungeon keeper"""
76561198004625446,Recommended,230190,19241157,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Almegedus,"When I first purchased this game I had little hopes of it ever becoming a complete game with a full campaign. Honestly I hadn't even had it installed beyond the point of the first couple weeks.  Recently I have been pleasantly surprised. Not only has the game been given a campaign with a decent story but it did an excellent job leaving us off for further story (which I hope is on its way) Hours of great game play, good story, versatility and control over your dungeons population, a wide varriety of creatures, spells, defenses and rooms. lastly, a mode in which you can personally challenge yourself after you have beaten the story of the current game.Cons- Whan your dungeon population starts getting a bit higher the game starts running a touch clunky (my pc specs are pretty decent)- Units will sometimes get stuck on the edges objects in a room. This does not occur often enough for it to cause any considerable grief.Fully recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed DK2 in years passed."
76561198010470029,Recommended,230190,23254685,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NixBoxDone,"Everything I had hoped for and more!First off: I'm a very old fan of the original Dungeon Keeper series from Bullfrog - so many games that have been called ""Dungeon Keeper clones"" or spiritual sequels have just not lived up to the hype, so when this game came out, I was skeptical.Despite this, I do admit to buying Early Access when the game consisted of nothing but square digging and imp slapping. I bought it, set it aside, and waited for the release message to check it out.This is one of the very few games coming out of Early Access that truly realized their potential. It has everything - the exploration, the dungeon building, a large variety of creatures with different looks and likes/dislikes, in depth magic and room progression trees, and - of course - the ability to slap your imps.10/10 would back again."
,Recommended,230190,23046272,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Clarkendorfen,Very similar to the great franchise that was Bullfrog's Dungeon Keeper until it was shut down by Electronic Arts.  A worthy addition to the series.
76561198005679243,Recommended,230190,19677718,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Kajdav,"10/10, would corrupt level 10 bard again."
,Recommended,230190,19643776,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Koohandluke,Its a fun game .Unlike with so many other games of this genre I am not disappointed or dissatisfied at all.The core mechanics are what you would expect. farm gold build a dungeon fill it with evil minions who do your beck and call.Many different kinds of minions to summon and all the classic rooms to go with them. From the torture chamber and the jail to the arena and even a few new ones to make it fresh and exciting evil dungeon lord experience.It’s defiantly its own game with its own ideas and story to tell but if you’re a fan of the old dungeon keeper series this game won’t disappoint.
76561198046590060,Recommended,230190,15201690,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Farsan Baloo,10/10 would play everyday
76561198079442455,Recommended,230190,28383485,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,蕃薯,Hello !I am a Taiwanese player !My English is very badI sincerely request the R & D teamCan you create a Traditional Chinese interface ?
,Recommended,230190,15213203,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Quello93,"I've had this game for quite a while, back then it was still the bedrock beta. Now how-ever, it is out of beta and the full release is here. I must say I really enjoy this game.Unfortunately at release after delays it still wasnt ready. It's still playable and thoroughly enjoyable.The Dev's are dishing out patches that fix these bugs though NON-STOP, they are very dedicated to this game.Bugs and glitches aside, this game is definitely worth the price and a blast, and once patched up will be phenomenal.I highly recommend you play this game. If not now to avoid bugs and glitches, then definitely later. You wont regret it.Best Dungeon Keeper Simulator 2015."
76561198003379852,Recommended,230190,15212230,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jerronnimo,"Very promising game. It really feels nice, just like a dungeon keeper 3.Unfortunately, the game is not yet complete, and I don't only mean the missing/incomplete features. (multiplayer, survival, skirmish)Overall, the game feels unpolished. This will no doubt be an excellent game at some point down the line, and I don't regret pre-purchasing it, but if you're looking for that finished game feel.... maybe give a few more months."
76561197970289727,Recommended,230190,15249503,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,smokingwreckage,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2, you'll love this. There are still some bugs."
,Recommended,230190,22785940,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Hatemachine,"overwhelmingly the best successor to dungeon keeper. as it continues to be polished and added to, i could see this eventually overtaking it."
,Recommended,230190,22844256,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Timesight,I would recommend it but barely. There are a lot of annoying bugs and a few gamebreaking bugs. Fps drop is bad but playable ( still annoying ).  It is closest thing to dungeon keeper out there but it is way less smooth and AI is much worse.  But as a dungeon keeper fan I still think it was worth the 30euros that  I spent.
76561197968212706,Not Recommended,230190,30423225,Posted: 10 March,all,Enigma,"A decent game overall, but the UI just gets in the way of my enjoyment. Everything is either awkward, unintuitive, or oversized. It's really jarring coming from playing games like Factorio or Rimworld, where the UI is less intrusive.The use of unbreakable rock in the campaign is suffocating compared to the original dungeon keeper. I have extremely little choice of where to put my rooms.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this game unless you are a die-hard dungeon keeper fan.EDIT (after developer replied):Let me be clearer of what I meant.- The ""hand"" cursor is about 5 times bigger than I want. But no way to choose a smaller hand.- The shape of the hand makes clicking small things really painfully tedious. Example: I try to dismiss the (very small) event notifications on the right and the all the the fingertip has to be off the screen to get the right spot, but if I get it a little bit off, I scroll the screen to the right.- I can't make the bulky UI less bulky without also making the keybinding text in the controls screen too small to read.- The original dungeon keeper has really easy to understand though bubbles that appeared above creatures heads. Now, the though bubbles are really small and indistinguishable unless I zoom right in on the creature.- No way to configure the sensitivity for how quickly mouse wheel zooms in and out- Map large map to survey what's going on (like dungeon keeper). All I have is a pixelated thing in the bottom left, which gives me little help. I want a full screen, high res overview of what's going on.- The ""Warband"" mechanism is really opaque. I spent 15 minutes trying to figure out how it works. I still haven't found a use for it that is worth the tedium of setting it up. If I want to see what creatures are in a warband, I get these extremely hard to recognise (and small, because I reduced UI scale, because otherwise the UI is taking up 1/4 of my screen). This isn't starcraft or red alert groups. Nowhere near that simple.- What's the point of ""replacement earth"" when, after being fortified, the enemy can still dig through it? Might as well just make a door.- On the first level with the dwarves: I have to essentialy keep my minions on a constant state of being rallied because the enemy apparantly pull limitless soldiers out of their asses to throw at me. This leads to the announcer droning on and on and on about X creature is unhappy because of Y. This starts to get boring fast, as there's nothing I can really do about it.Summary: the developers have a lot of good ideas and have come closest than others in trying revisit the good things in Dungeon Keeper. But they have a long, long, way to go when it comes to quality-of-life features, UI design and making gameplay mechanics intuitive. I stand by my thumbs down."
76561198042160689,Recommended,230190,15181069,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DærskeWarrior,"I like how Richard Ridings returned as the dungeon mentor and it returned with telling us we should be asleep when it is a specific time. Now I do recommend this game, for the moment, for those who mainly just want to experience Dungeon Keeper again.However, no game is complete w/ out bugs. Don't worry, you get plenty of them hiding around the corner. And no game is complete w/ out flaws as well. That being the minimap. It tends to be hard to figure out where the enemies are coming from if you have a hard time seeing their position on the minimap. When the dungeon mentor doesn't say anything it makes it harder. There are only 3 skirmish maps and both are small (only 2 players per map). And I don't know if anyone else ha a problem with it but I personally feel there are too many gold tiles and many of which are in large chunks and appear too often in unconvenient spots so it seems as though the game is trying to force you to stick with 3x3 rooms or have a dungeon thats just one big cluster ♥♥♥♥ of rooms that aren't separated. I like to build larger rooms to spawn more minions from that room rather than having to keep building the same room over and over.If you can look pass the flaws of the game, then I would recommend it. If you can't... well... come back later."
76561198034951374,Recommended,230190,15180908,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,torretto_flame,"I’ve been waiting for a new ""Dungeon Keeper"" for a long time. I played beta and this is in a much better state since then. Still a few glitches for me, the biggest one being unable to complete a level, even after restarting the game and level. Other than that the mini map could use some work to be a little bit clearer, it’s relatively difficult to see a white square amongst the different shades of red and such but over definitely a good game. It gets you right into building large dungeons and quick expanding within the first couple of levels."
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,230190,26140429,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DustBust,"One of those games I regret buying at full price...Its a clean, polished game that requires some thinking and strategy but why the hate you ask well I played Dwelvers (Incomplete game, Dev can no longer support)Its very much the same game but has so much more depth to it. War for the Overworld seems like such a simplified version of it but very polished up.War for the Overworld is more of a strategic layout then step 2, throw your entire army at the enemy with no control at all.... The battling part is what I hate most, its just a numbers game... the type of units you have really don't matter other than having melee and ranged units for the most effective DPS.There's just not enough depth to this game, sorry."
,Not Recommended,230190,18836572,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Erebos,"I found that mission 7 of the campaign still have an unreasonable difficulty spike. While earlier campaign mission could be difficult but still fun. Mission 7 (heart attack) is just frustrating. After 20+ attempts (as well as reading walk-throes and watching videos), that one mission have soured the entire game for me."
,Recommended,230190,15231554,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bortian,"The Dungeon Keeper we need, but not the one we deserve right now. The game looks very promising, but still needs some bugs ironed out."
76561198071963965,Recommended,230190,33796708,Posted: 25 July,all,DRM-free,"This is a decent RTS dungeon builder game. Past dungeon keeper games have been heralded in comparison to War of the Overworld, and I think rightfully so. War for the Overworld is charming in the design and with the voice overs.There is something not quite right about the way it plays though. I think if you are a casual gamer who has had an interest in RTS games, then this game may not be for you. But if you are keen to try something new and want to fill the game library then its perfect for a rainy day.There are a lot of things right with this game, but also a lot of things (after all these innovative years) that could have been better. The only problem is who does it cater to? I really couldn't answer that as I had a play through. It's certainly different from what I've heard and seen to the old trappings of dungeon keeper 1 & 2, and it's ignored the innovative years of turning itself into something new and exciting. At the same time it has charm with its minions & animations, and you can't help but love building an empire as the underlord. But a key piece of something is missing, just like an ingredient is missing in a cake to make it not quite perfect.I give this game about a 7.5/10"
76561198035323493,Recommended,230190,15241286,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,: - ) ALL,IT IS PAYDAY ;__;
,Not Recommended,230190,30438750,Posted: 10 March,all,mattinacan,"Dungeon Keeper is a simple concept. Give us lots of creatures and room types, give us a huge dungeon to build out and customize until our evil hearts are content. Give us interesting enemies to strategically invade and battle. It is literally that simple. Every mission in this game drops you into a dungeon that is already carved out, or is full of water, or is full of lava, or blocks you at every turn with impassable walls, or sends stream after stream of enemies at you that can easily break through your fortified walls so you can't funnel them and get strategic with your defenses. You can't place water tiles (that i know of) and you can't even rebuild a dirt wall without paying gold if you accidentally carved a section out incorrectly and want to fix it. There was no mission where I really got to customize my dungeon and train my army of minons the way I wanted to. There is an absolutely dire mission where you simply guide necromancers around the same looking hero dungeon forever that is one of the dullest experiences I have ever had in a video game. As a massive Dungeon Keeper fan, I appreciate the attempt here, the rooms and creature designs are cool. Graphics are nice. I simply can't recommend this for $30-$45 dollars."
76561198158315976,Recommended,230190,15241597,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CrashM,"Excellent Game, though some bugs are still being ironed out."
76561198028621199,Recommended,230190,15215303,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Archerson ✅,"Soldiers reteated from battle, slapped the crap out of them, soldiers were fighting, still slapped the crap out of themmen were sleeping, slapped the crap out of them, men were training, gave them some extra slaps for encouragement meh I gave everyone free slaps. A game that can slap deserves a slap on the back!Up so far:- Can slap people- Great gameplay (and it's still developing *drools about how great it will become)- Easy to learn ( learnt almost all the things I needed to really know in a solid few hours)- A  spiritual succesor game that is linked to a very old game that many people seem to love- A game that will surely take many of your percious (or usless give or take)  hours from you- Great looking models and textures- Animations looks on point- Amusing narrator (also found it hilarious the beastmaster is a mutanted pig, and eats for his lunch piglets... oh the irony)- Campaign is nice- Did I already mention you can slap people?Downsides so far?- Bugs, that's why I keep my insecticide nearby. They will be gone in no time :)- Is some path issues when it comes to moving soldiers (can easily be fixed)Final decision10 ups, 2 downs = 10 - 2which equals to = 8/10 + 210/10 would slap againhttp://www.sherv.net/cm/emoticons/fighting/slapping.gif"
76561198082679061,Recommended,230190,10006897,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Protosz2,Every time if i want to start a map the game has crashed but if the fix it its a good game!
76561197986377820,Recommended,230190,10076613,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Lovecandy92[FØ],"Whats there more to say about a Fan-made game of Dungeon Keeper ? ITS ABOUT *Beep* TIME ! And they know what they are doing. The game might be in development, but you can be involved to make the game better. Just towww.Wfto.com, create an account there, play the game a bit, then throw in suggestment, but just make sure its NOT the same as Dungeon keeper, because EA still have the license to the game, but they have given Subterrean Games permission to make the game close to Dungeon keeper. This game is a lot of fun, and texture/graphics are truly amazing. So i HIGHLY recommend this game if you've played Dungeon Keeper and other games that are similiar to to it(Evil Genius for example)"
,Recommended,230190,15144016,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Drake3011,"Ya know EA, you'd figure being a pinnicle of an evil conglomorate empire, you think you could have pulled of a dungeon managment game to this epic a level, what with having one deep and sprawling under your citadel of darknessThis is the sequel DK needed and then some,  10/10"
76561197981390859,Recommended,230190,21093190,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,zimlst,Brought back memories of dungeon keeper that I thought I would never see again. Still it’s a good game still has bugs to be worked out but give it time the kick starter company has passion for there projects and I hope they will start making new different games in the future.
,Recommended,230190,21074188,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jei,"buy it, play it and love it :) dungeon keeper muuuahaha"
76561198012268568,Not Recommended,230190,21038301,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kobato,"it has a nice campaign, but if u want to play multiplayer, then i won't recommend it. multiplayer still has bugs and when u play over lan, the game gets lag and a performance drop."
,Recommended,230190,15350206,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Milli,"Do you like Dungeon Keeper 2 and you are looking for a successor? Then this game is probably for you.Are you able to wait for 1 or 2 months? Then you probably should!This game plays like Dungeon Keeper 2, brought some refreshing ideas of its in into it but right now it still has some bugs and missing features that might worsen your experience. But the team behind WftO is clearly working hard to get rid of these problems and i am sure it won't be long until this game plays the way it is supposed to.Pro:+ Dungeon Keeper Feeling+ Same narrator as in DK2+ Fresh ideas to this genre (Potions, Tech Trees,...)+ Developers clearly care for the game and their community+ it feels good to be badCon:- Some bugs still have not be fixed- Features like skirmish maps are missing- NO Dark MIstress"
76561197971139530,Recommended,230190,496233,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Seo Camo,"Dungeon keeper 3 is here, get it will it is still hot, but be careful when you get new types of units, the cutscene is long enough that you can lost dungeon heart while it talks, i lost 3 times to that now."
,Recommended,230190,7737386,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,illage2,"Early Access ReviewBelow is my review of the Early Access build.  Left it here as it seems to be the right thing to do.Brilliant game, highly recommened if you love Dungeon Keeper, but just as a caution its still in alpha/beta phase so only buy if your willing to cope with bugs and some missing features.  However the game at the moment does have a few sandbox maps to play on, which is always a good thing.The game is also being constantly updated, and from what I can see they could make this a final release if they wanted, and the developers also coinstantly update their fans every Wednesday.Final Release reviewBelow you'll find the review of the final version of the game.Pros+ Plays a lot like Dungeon keeper 2+ Runs fairly well on lower end hardware+ Brilliant voice acting+ Visuals are pretty good+ Not published by EA+ No Asset flippingCons- Still a few minor bugs and glitches here and there- Long loading times (This may be my system though)- A few frame rate issues here and there.OverallThis is the Dungeon Keeper we wanted.  Something that EA could never provide.  While the game does indeed have its issues and some frame rate problems, it is highly recommended and with the sales coming up soon you might even be able to pick this up really cheap.At its core its Dungeon Keeper, with a lot more.  After playing a few missions in the campaign I found the game is a lot faster paced than Dungeon Keeper 2, but it isn't bad in fact its quite exciting."
,Recommended,230190,8592126,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,BaZerion,Followup on Dungeon Keeper!This game rocks.
76561198099086594,Recommended,230190,24684070,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,..water..,"─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son, Dev's who care!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█﻿Also, Seeing as its not there anymore; Bedrock im guessing was not part of the intended title?"
76561197991696484,Recommended,230190,28232465,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MiTHMoN,"The spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2. The Dungeon Keeper games were full of glitches and were very clunky. This game is a lot smoother to play, and looks a lot better.If you loved Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2, you'll love this. If you never played Dungeon Keeper 1 or 2, play this instead.There are some minor glitches in this game, but is overall very smooth. It's a unique RTS and the campaign is decent (some difficulty spikes bring it down).The RTS genre is pretty limited, and this is a gem."
,Not Recommended,230190,21843717,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Caban,"Really disappointed by this one. Feels like a cheap chinese knockoff version of Dungeon Keeper, if you are looking for Dungeon Keeper 3, don't get this. It will just ruin your dreams."
76561197963555405,Recommended,230190,21618065,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Allan,Great game with more depth in gameplay than DK2. Also it is in a good state right now and has many hours of playtime available due to campaign and skirmish battles.
76561198036788924,Recommended,230190,22052845,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The Meanie,"This is the spiritual Sequel to Dungeon Keeper 2.There is no other way about it - it has a few names switched around and plenty of new features, but not too much more than one might expect from a proper sequel, back when each sequel meant a complete revamp of the game, like between Age of Empires 1 & 2 or Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2."
,Recommended,230190,25872471,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[M] ArcLight,"Right so, 13h into the game and this is included in a small follow up of the game since it was beta. Now the game is fully released and is still getting updates with content and all. +1 for the devs. Must be one of 5 games that I decided to preorder in last 5 years and only one I havent missed by preordering, and now to explain why:I am (was) and avid Dungeon Keeper 2 player. It was a game that I was returing to years after years even after I've tried a lot of games that tried (Dungeons which were, Overlord which was fun after all). Humor of DK2, animations all played into the game including the masterfully done voice acting of dungeon advisor. THESE GUYS MANAGED TO GET THE SAME GUY TO VOICE DUNGEON ADVISOR IN WftO!!!! When I bought (preordered) the game there was no advisor to begin with, you can imagine my inner schoolgirl screams when I heard his voice along with all the comments that gave the game that ""extra"" I wanted in it.Unfortunatelly my job (where I travel a lot) prevents me of playing what I want when I want, but this will be the game I will return to for singleplayer if not multi. Game has a lot features, it's easy to learn if you ever played DK or DK2, some mechanics are different but all the new mechanics (like Aspects of Evil) are a positive and nice tactical change in the game that affects MP games (think of C&C Generals by picking general, but you can unlock all in due time, but that takes, well, time). Characters look great, visuals are superb, traps, imps, slaps, this game has all!it gets solid 9.5/10. For 10/10 it misses casino and Disco Inferno when monster wins jackpot!"
76561197996787144,Recommended,230190,22573145,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,andyk_,"Played through a few times while still in Early Access.  It was a little light on depth and strategy for a game like this, but ultimately this was a solid purchase as a big fan of sim and RTS games"
,Recommended,230190,29051679,Posted: 5 January,all,Word Eater,"This is the true successor to Dungeon Keeper. The same narrator, the same sensibilities. The units are changed because EA owns the originals, but the game play is almost identical and upgraded with modern graphics.This game is amazing and they keep adding stuff to it. It was made with love and it shows.No Horny, but that's okay."
76561198037113918,Recommended,230190,10440310,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Cronos,"Good Day Underlords! For anyone who grew up playing the Dungeon Keeper games, this is an absolute must, unlike a few other games I've tried that don't live up to the hype at all, this game manages to give the exact feeling that Dungeon Keeper did, this however has far better graphics as you can imagine, and also adds several brand new rooms and monsters. The game is in Early Access, so I'll give you a warning that there are very few maps at this time, but every week new content is being added, so in no time you should find yourself in new enviroments torturing enemy minions and splatting imps."
76561198069335454,Not Recommended,230190,16686614,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BASD75,"I've only managed to launch the game once! Every time i try the game crashes when it starts loading, then the game stops responding and i have to quit.When i did manage to play, the game was running smootly and looked very faithfull to DKII.I feel cheated buying this game! I've been waiting for it for a long time now and just bought it as the steam reviews said the game was finally working and the new patch made everything work. Obviously not!"
76561197968854695,Recommended,230190,16491630,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TripleTea,I just bought the game and I haven't played much yet so I'd like to refrain from comparing it to DK1/2 as of now. =)Just wanted like to point it out to the devs that minions sometimes ignore the rally marker. Not sure how/why though...Seems kind of random at the moment. But it has happened quite noticably for my first two hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,230190,28354452,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Tanelorn,I was a fan of the old Dungeon Keeper and this is a faithful and better version of it. There are a few information features I wish it had but in general I have only good things to say about this game.
,Recommended,230190,16902928,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,WebSurfinMurf,"This game is perfect sequel to Dungeon Keeper!   The game is 80% a direct clone of Dungeon Keepr with updated graphics and UI.   The 20% difference is excellent update to game mechanics to make the game modern.    If you remotely like god games (Populous, Dungeon Keeper, Power Monger, Godus, etc) then this game is a must purchase.If the game developer reads this, thank you for your efforts, the game is obvious a labor of love for Dungeon Keeper.   I play now with my 6 year old and he loves it!"
,Recommended,230190,17263680,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ztymmi,"The Dungeon keeper game i have been waiting for , for years.if you are a fan of Bullfrogs Dungeon keeper series , then this is the game for you  10/10"
,Recommended,230190,21428402,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,NosiusHD,This is a really good game!
,Recommended,230190,21568313,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr. Bones,Most bugs have been fixed and an excellent dungeon keeper spiritual successor.
76561198012689312,Recommended,230190,22205876,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,kjap275,good game
76561198012118047,Recommended,230190,17075641,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Little Finger,This game is good.
,Recommended,230190,10247781,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,VenomTexas,"keep up the good work, looks great, moves great..thank your for your efforts."
76561198091403606,Recommended,230190,21577171,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Whim B),1 fps warrior
76561198045724401,Recommended,230190,14680837,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Olaf97,The developers took a great game and made it better.
,Recommended,230190,15260199,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pappus,"The game is very rough around the edges simply because developers were running out of money. Polishing a game isn't for free so it could only be released and polished with the revenue.That said I recommend the purchase. It isn't massively fun yet due to the rough edges but clearly it captured the Dungeon Keeper spirit perfectly and added innovative ideas to the genrePurchase, wait a month or two, enjoy."
,Recommended,230190,16585139,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bloodshed,Game is amazing! This is a true spiritual successor to DK and is done amazingly well. I can't speak to the game pre 1.1 since I just found out about it but if you liked DK you'll love this.
,Recommended,230190,24664651,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TheSmoker,"An excellent game, story, campaign and expansion. Better than Dungeon Keeper. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,230190,23241849,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,darksteelhyren,"This game totes itself as the spiritual successor of Dungeon Keeper, which drew me to it in the first place.  I'm glad to see that the game keeps the spirit alive, and is fun =)"
,Recommended,230190,15637056,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Morganator,"Do you like Kickstarter projects? Are you willing to be patient and not get your reward for a while? If not, Dungeons 2 is a better game for you at the moment. If you are, I have good news. This game is perfectly playable. The tool tips are a little off, and there are a few bugs you'll encounter, but the game works, and is very fun! Setting up the perfect dungeon, working out a floor plan that works, planning trap setups, watching your army wreak havoc, turning your foes into your minions through torture, it really feels like you are an evil overlord! The best comparison I can make is if you Kickstart a tabletop RPG, and this is the pdf of the final project. You get it and have fun with it, and it only builds your enthusiasm for when you get your printed copy. Even if you don't want to support the game right now, keep it on your radar. I'm certain it will just keep getting better."
76561198385946993,Recommended,230190,32201110,Posted: 5 June,all,Spoon gamer,"I'd like to start by saying thank you Brightrock Games. Dungeon Keeper series was one of my favourite childhood games. Seeing a dedicated team work on a true spiritual successor is a joy, I really enjoy this game, the chosen name put a smile on my face, and should for anyone who watched the Dungeon Keeper III teaser in DKII.Which makes bringing up the flaws disheartening, though feel must be mentioned.Banners are WftOs answer to Call of Arms, a DK magic spell that once cost mana or gold (In WftO it has no charge). A once small tool to keep minions in place for attack. In WftO however, due to control restrictions, it becomes closer to a direct command, that is essential and no means optional. Losing some of that DK identity. And in the process plays at times like your run-of-the-mill RTS game. In DK your involvement was heavily the prep-work, while the creatures took control of deadly situations. In WftO not so much, due to how the banner system operates it has become fundamental for success.Continuing my disfavor was in the cutscene and musics overall quality. I assume this was due to budget and time restrictions, in spite of that, I never enjoyed either that much.The music is forgettable, commonly I switched off the in-game music due to repetition. Cutscene should go without question, you have one in the game (opening) and it has a lot to be desired, didn't really hype me for the campaign, and that's a shame because the actual game can be very enjoyable.Now onto some positives, I found the current version of WftO to run really smooth in-game despite what I've read about older versions, held a steady frame-rate. during my first playthrough with only some minor drops after finishing levels.The creature designs, are all excellent. And the way they act (A.I.) I really enjoy. Some will do basic orders without much issue, and others (Augre) can be difficult divas. My personal favourite was the Chunder, they make traps quickly and when trained are great as a support role. Creatures in WftO are far from balanced however and its more fun to find out for yourself so won't spoil the surprise.User interface is fine for the most part, more going on than in the DK games. It grew on me regardless and really like it. The Sin system I'm very mixed with. At times I click on it while trying to cast a spell or command digging, yet I like that it gives research units usefulness. And its worth keeping them for that purpose.The amount of units on screen is amazing at times, far more than you would have seen in previous DK games, without customising the game with mods, creating some amazing battles of extreme carnage. When the game is like this it's very enjoyable.Closing statements-War for the Overworld isn't perfect. It has flaws showing developer struggles, though clearly passionate about recreating a classic for modern times. Some of the new features are for better, and others not so much. It's still the Dungeon Keeper III many always wanted. Visually (in-game) is really nice, and the banner flaw will be subjective based on preference.So overall Brightrock Games have done Dungeon Keeper justice. A fine successor. And a great P.C. game in its own right.7/10I hope you guys make a sequel one day :)"
,Recommended,230190,15261878,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,"Khaltzane ""Kustard"" Caisirce","666/10Great game. Does the Dungeon Keeper games justice unlike that terrible, terrible app EA made.Well worth the money. If you loved the Dungeon Keeper games then this is for you.Quite entertaining. Fun for the whole family."
,Recommended,230190,30965283,Posted: 5 April,all,Eukre,"Oh, how I miss DK2. I've been searching for DK2 on steam forever in hopes of it being added. And I just randomly found this game (and on sale to boot). It would be nice if this game was tagged with references from the original series so other hopefuls can find this damn good replacement. I don't even care if there are minor bugs in this game, the nostalgia of it is worth it."
76561197973422286,Recommended,230190,31020483,Posted: 8 April,all,Px15,Great DK-like game :)
,Recommended,230190,30970872,Posted: 5 April,all,sheherezadeblanc,"Its a bit demanding on my old laptop, but after a first impression is a nice buy."
76561197992535537,Recommended,230190,30972050,Posted: 5 April,all,WWDragon,A quite well made Dungeon Keeper spiritual successor.At launch was a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥because of performance; that's all been well solved by the time this was written.
,Recommended,230190,30959211,Posted: 5 April,all,Aenon,"Amazing, wonderful, funny, brilliant!This game is so much more than a renewal of the DK series, it's a pure gem. Carefully designed, solid incentives throughout each level, robust mechanics and most of all fun fun fun!"
,Not Recommended,230190,19795172,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MonsieurFreeze,"Review with v1.3I am a bit sad to give a negative review on this one, I can feel the love of the Dungeon Keeper saga by the dev team, every aspect of the game remind you his ancestor, but the technical aspect is a mess and ruin the experience. 2.5/5My advice is to waitGood:-same voice acting as the original saga-campaign is a bit dull but represents a good introduction to the new mechanics-IA is tough to beat on skirmish-feels like DK 2.5Bad-... but it's not DK3-poor perfomance even on a good PC (suttering if not on a SSD, fps drop a lot even with a GTX980 4G)-not pretty nore oringinal graphics-Price is not representing the value of this software."
76561198077177249,Recommended,230190,16922047,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BananaBiscuit,"I bought the game pre-release,but i waited a few months before started playing due the bad reviews,which wasnt bad actually,most of them suggested to wait for patches and stuff,and the time has come. The more i play the game,the more i love it,its fun,entertaining and far from repetative. Worthy of the DK3 name."
,Recommended,230190,32912855,Posted: 27 June,all,Fugue,"Brings back the Dungeon Keeper experience in a way EA couldn't even dream of, highly recommended."
76561198286036403,Recommended,230190,33671115,Posted: 20 July,all,RottenPumpkin,"So glad they made this game, we did wait far too long for a new edition after Dungeon Keeper 2 ended way back when.I hope they will continue to make more of these dungeon games in the future."
,Recommended,230190,29423784,Posted: 22 January,all,Barnie,A little buggy but this is a solid Dungeon Keeper successor with improved gameplay and graphics. Not to mention the same voice actor as well
,Recommended,230190,29410245,Posted: 21 January,all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"""Dungeon Keeper 3"" is good. Going against your friends is where the fun is at.Make sure to get the game on sale though, as $30 for a game with paid DLC is ♥♥♥♥ing robbery imho."
76561197989902513,Recommended,230190,15218310,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,plainoldandrew,10/10 would bullfrog again
,Recommended,230190,15256745,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Valric,"Firstly keep in mind that this game still is an early state of development meaning that there will be bugs and issue. the positive side is the updates have been almost daily sent out to patch the issues.GameplayIf you know Dungeon Keeper then you will have an idea to play this game.For those who dont what Dungeon Keeper is firstly I recommend buying that game as well as this game. Secondly This game is a Dungeon managment game where you are the EVIL UNDERLORD (Queue Thunder and Lightning) where you are basically wreaking the ""good guys"" by building a dungeon that attracts creatures to your ""humble"" abode. Like DK you do have to pay them and keep them fed as well as train you creatures to destroy the damnable heros for your conquest.there is of course some tidbits that makes the game like DK great like SLAPPING THE IMPS TO MAKE THEM WORK FASTER or ""accidently"" killing one or two or.....I think you get itSounds and Musicthe music is fitting as well as the sounds you can feel the dread that you cause your enemys muhahahaha...erm...sorry, as far as the dialog goes you can tell the voice acter has waaaaaay too much fun which is a plus  and there is some funny quips and you also can hear what some of your creatures say some things.Storythe story is well basic as far as I can go with it but that because I am typing this up when I got to level/map 4 so I dont urge my self to spoil anything but if anything the goal and the story is entertaining and clear cut.GraphicsI am strickly a gameplay kind of person I would say look at the snapshots and Vid to judge for yourself It looks good enough for me.RecommendI do recommend this game but keep in mind that there is some parts that still have issues and is being worked on as we speak and there is not enough games where you are clearly the bad guy and loving it.and a summery of pros and cons to considerProsVoice actingGood GameplayGreat nostalgia value (take that EA *shakeing fist*)Is updating a great dealConsThere is some glitches that happenthere were some frame dropssome features are not completeKeep in mind there is a huge number of updates that went through the passed couple of days so take it with a grain of salt"
76561198034943721,Recommended,230190,15257868,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ItownCataclysm,"Yes I bought this game way before its official Release and I have loved it since. Granted there are a few technical issues with the game itself but the Devs have been updating the game early and often to fix these problems! Really great game gets back to DK and puts an interesting spin on the game with the ""Sin"" system in order to unlock buildings and traps and other items. (do not confuse that with anything associated with PAY TO UNLOCK it doesnt do that) This game is a really good DK2 game and even has the original Voice Actor/Announcer! *insert nostalgia here*. This game does its job and as long as these updates keep pouring out like they are currently this game is toatlly worth the money! 9/10 and once all the bugs are fixed easily a 10/10 game."
76561197994917697,Recommended,230190,20040605,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,hmhm,yes
76561198053267743,Recommended,230190,30047888,Posted: 19 February,all,ehirst,It is fun and I like it.
76561198032076621,Not Recommended,230190,15274929,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,heroawake,"This is the first time I've felt compelled to review a game, which hopefully indicates the strength of my conviction. If I  sound harsh, I'm sorry.  I just want to be honest.In the current form of this game, as of 2:49 AM on April 9th, 2015 I can't recommend it for purchase.Let me start out by saying something very positive- this game has great potential.And I do like the graphics, for the most part, and I've had no major issues with the A.I. on both sides...Okay,Now my biggest complaint is that the game is simply not finished.  I thought and believed I was purchasing a product ready for use but that is not the case. For instance, playing through the campaign I found numerous placeholders where names of characters should have been marked. I know that might be insignificant in the whole scheme of the game but details matter and this game is just not there where a product should be when brought to the marketplace.  It is not polished, it is not complete, and it is not worth a purchase at this current time.The campaign felt untested, like I’m a paying beta player and they still expect feedback on the balance of gameplay.  But I’m not a paying beta tester, I’m a disappointed consumer who feels bamboozled.The game is buggy as all get out (and I've heard they have been working on the situation...and I can forgive a few bugs...but not when the games crashes or freezes over and over.) I must applauded how quick the developers have responded with patches.  This act has given me hope.The loading screen, which takes forever, reminds me of games dating back to the earlier 2000’s, and not in a good way. Actually, this game feels like an early 2000 release but it isn’t…which makes me sad…because at least then I could have given it a pass for being out dated.  But, that is not the case.I have read this game is trying to emulate Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2, a game I have not played, so I can’t speak from that point of view. However, as a newcomer to this genre I have felt the uneasy tension that this game doesn’t have a personality of its own. It feels bland, a dime store novel filled with stock everything.  I have not had one single WOW moment during gameplay that inspires me to continue playing or advocating my friends to purchase this game.  It just feels generic.  I loved the idea presented in this game but the execution is lacking.A few functions of the game I found odd, wait, no, I actually found missing, are common place in many other strategy games I’ve played.  For instance, I have yet to find any indication of a pause button, a min/max speed button, or a restart option on the menu.  Frankly, a restart option would be fantastic because of how many times I’ve had a campaign with unclear directions and a steady stream of escalating forces pushing down on me from the start, killing me off quickly and forcing me through the torturous load screen once more because apparently I’m a glutton for punishment.  Ugh, it’s just bonkers to me that these three options are not presented in the structure of the game.  I digress, for maybe I’m a foolish gamer who has become spoiled on what I thought were considered common place functions built into modern games.Something must be said about the lost art of creating your dungeon, alas, maybe I assumed too much about the game actually allowing you to create a dungeon to fit your deepest and darkest desires.  More often than not, it comes down to pure function overriding any hope of creating  something to satisfy that hunger of building a dungeon worth calling a dungeon.  I feel the fast, pushy pace of the game doesn’t help, but again, there is no pause button to allow you to form a creation you can be proud of to counter the speed at which the game opperates.I am also amazed at how fast you can bring down walls.  The sensation of seeing the walls crumble in mere seconds pulls me straight out of the game because I don’t experience the satisfaction of ripping the earth out bit by bit in my endeavor to create something worthy of occupying the space.  To be clear, I’m not saying it should take an hour per wall, but I do feel that the balance is not correct when it comes to the speed of clearing a cavern for your lair and monsters.  I don’t feel like I’m accomplishing anything due to the speed at which this process occurs, especially when I wish to make hallways to connect my rooms and an enemy can come through and burrow through said wall with remarkable ease and speed. I think the economy of the overall game structure doesn’t feel balanced to how I hoped or expected it would be. Did the developers plan on games/matches to occur and finish under ten minutes? If so, then I have chosen poorly with my purchase.And last, but not least, the mini-map. Really, it feels like it was created in Microsoft paint? It's dreadfully painful to use and basically takes up space in it's current form. Again, if this was a game made in 2001 than I wouldn't be as upset to the design of the mini-map, but it's 2015.I've read this a small develpement team funded by kick starter and that's all awesome, truly,  however, I don't think that should excuse them from releasing a game in this current form. I get giving them slack where you might not with a larger studio, but at some point that slack runs out and they run the risk of accidently hanging themself...and letting the game die...and I hope that doesn't happen.Let me end by saying something positive- this game has great potential and I hope that somehow it becomes nurtured and turns into what it could be, a great, fun, challenging game…but until it happens, stay away."
76561198040525581,Not Recommended,230190,18789606,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Surma,"Buggy and slow, other than that shows great promise.Unfortunately release version was total crap. If units go into berserk, you cannot kill them and they kill your core. You cannot even grab them, zap them, put units to attack them, they just keep attacking your core. Vampires especially, or whatever rose from some building go automatically berserk after while, not well guided how to control them, and they just kill your base. Also game is terribly laggy on some levels.Launch version: 1/10Current: 4/10When this is going to be finally ready for play after all fixes in somewhere future: 7-8/10Can't recommend this game even in current version. Go play order Dungeon Keepers and come back 1 year from now, then buy it."
,Recommended,230190,15277899,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Slayer_of_2012,"Oh man, that's really nostalgic ^^""IT'S PAYDAY..."" :D"
,Recommended,230190,15187439,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Floogo,"Great game that while is buggy, is recieving patches quickly. A true successor to Dungeon Keeper."
76561198376019552,Recommended,230190,30848277,Posted: 31 March,all,waddoupsh,"I really enjoyed the game. It have quite some depth to it.Sure the campaign is quite directed but I'm not sure why some other people have issues with it, given that there is the sandbox mode. The workshop is also quite big, letting you plenty of map choices :)Ah and if you want some challenge, I recommand the survival mode, I really enjoyed this one, where you got infinite incomming waves and you always look for new ways to cast them away !"
,Not Recommended,230190,15191324,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,eaxs,"Update - 27 January 2016The game has become more stable overall, but is still struggeling to run smoothly on larger levels later in the campaign.Recommendation based on v1.0This game could be as good as DK 2, if only you could play it properly. There are some real show-stopping bugs where you can't even progress in the campaign - Level 3, Seriously? It's like playing an episode, waiting for the next patch to come out so that hopefully you'll be able to progress.Sure, it'll all work in a week or so. But I cannot understand the reason why anyone would release a game in this state. There is no objective excuse for it in regards to the customer - especially since it has been in early access for so long - period."
,Not Recommended,230190,17379872,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Henrik,"I wasn't there when the game was first released, but I'm sure the current state of the game is a vast improvement over how it was.However it still has a way to go. Having spent a couple of hours on the campaign and having done about 5 of the maps this is how I feel about the experience:Initially I found it very good since so many things of what made Dungeon Keeper great was present and the game does have the potential for greatness.However I did find things which did chip away at the experience and in the end just made me close down the game and hope it improves before trying it again.Minor annoyancesYou can't continue playing the map after reaching your goal. So if you have missed a secret you can't go around exploring the map like you might be used to from DK.Dragging an area for excavation bugs out.If you try to let go of the mouse button while the mouse is over a gui element (minor annoyance really but it happens so frequently it does disturb ""the flow"" of the game for me).Major annoyancesHard to visualize what is going on with the minimap.When you are being attacked I never got the sense that ""the minimap will tell me exactly what is going on"", but it didn't really because before I knew it my core was being assaulted by a group of mobs.The notification tiles are missable and hard to understand at a glance.The size, placement and icons for the notifications are just off, so I end up never relying on them because they are not in my face when they need to be, and when I take a look I can't really figure out what type of message they are. Don't know how many times I thought a minion was starving based on the icon but it was just a new arrival in the dungeon.Zooming out is pretty limited.On maps where you take over other NPCs rooms etc you never really get a chance to orientate yourself and figure out where things are since the camera is always sticking pretty close to the ground. Would be nice to get a bit more overview of your dungeon.Rally minions button is so easy to forget to turn off.On one map I forgot that I had rallied my minions 20 minutes ago and couldn't figure out why all my minions were complaining about being hungry and wanting to get paid etc.The only visual feedback you get from it being activated is an extremely small Cancel icon next to the Rally icon turning red instead of grey. And the rally flag itself is pretty easy to miss amid surging minions.Rally minions makes the minions daft.The description says that all the minions will fight towards the banner. So if you have a banner placed and then pick up some minions and drop them by your core that is being attacked, you would expect them to dispose of the intruders and then walk back to the flag. But that's not the way it seems to work. They just blindly walk back to the flag most of the time, even if they run across multiple enemies on the way.The mouse pointer is hard to target with.When you hover over a excavatable land the cursor turns into a hand with a pickaxe and for all other elements in the game it becomes a hand with a pointing finger. For some reason this transitioning animation is making it very hard to me to accurately click buttons or select things. My brain gets the impression that the tip of the cursor is closer to the hand. The animation is slow enough that it will be noticeable when you need to do stuff quickly.Tab hell.There are a lot of tabs going on in the interface, even though there is a lot of room left when you have a decent resolution.There is the room tab, units tab, spells tab, constructs tab, defenses tab, potions tab and rituals tab (so far anyway, maybe there will be more in the later levels). It is a lot of tab switching and there doesn't seem to be any hotkeys for it either. Given the vast space left at the bottom of the screen it feels like they could utilize the area better to reduce the number of tabs. For example having one area for building (rooms, defenses, constructs) and another for the other stuff. Then at least you have more functionality available on the screen at any given time.No quick way to check the status of your rooms.You can right click on a room in the rooms tab and it will bring you to that room. If you have multiple instances of the same room you click it multiple times. But you don't have a way to view the stats of your rooms, which is very interesting for dungeon management, so you know when it is time to build a new lair due to lack of space.Not easy to see why a specific minion is unhappy.You see a minion run by with a big frown on their icon and you of course want to know why. The information is hidden in the expansive tooltip somewhere but as the minion is still moving it proves to be a mighty task to simultaneously keep following it with the mouse while trying to browse the text in the tooltip (which has A LOT of information).In general the tooltip is relied upon for way too much and contains the combined lore and stats for whatever you are hovering over which is way too much information when you are in a hurry.They would benefit much over reducing the information or adding situational information somewhere in the game area instead (like a small chicken next to the frowny face when a minion is hungry, or a small flag in every room which contains the basic stats for the room you are hovering over)Many of these things can be argued that they are very trivial, but when it is so many things at once it becomes a draining experience. Many of the things are related to keeping abreast of the situation in your dungeon, which is pretty much what the entire game is about. Then you want these things to be spot on, you should never feel like you don't have the tools to understand what is going on, and being properly notified with huge flashing icons etc when your dungeon core is being attacked etc.That being said I do hope it does get an extra coat of polish and refinement, because I have waited very long for a game like this to resurface but as it currently stands I can't really recommend it, though I can recommend that you keep abreast with news about the game in hopes that it will get the polish it deserves in future patches."
76561198030029336,Recommended,230190,17824432,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,forealdo,One of your minions recommends you at least give this game a try.
76561198129101111,Recommended,230190,17992202,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"I do reccomend this game, now.Upon release it was a glitched mess of unfinished business that was not anywhere near ready.But given time, a couple patches and bit of polish - it has really begun to shine.An Evil dungeon game worthy of the praise, finally.Just wish I didn't have to wait to enjoy it at first."
76561198006219586,Recommended,230190,18232309,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Washcloth Repairman,A worthy successor to Dungeon Keeper.
76561198048879493,Not Recommended,230190,18824084,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wolf,"Major Dissapointment. When game first came out got it, found it totally unusable and bug filled and so uninstalled it figuring if i leave it awhile until they release some patches that would sort it.Just installed it again the other day and its still bug filled. Couldnt complete first campaign mission due to a spectre bug, fixed that by reverifying game cache, now on to second mission and thats also bugged. Cant build the library in veins of Evil  because the tech tree is all greyed out, tried reverifying cache couple of times still not working, so unable to complete misison 2 either. I expect 3 and up will be the same, not that i can find out.THESE ARE MAJOR BUGS THAT MAKE A GAME UNPLAYABLE. Try releasing a fkin game that actually works, all the fancy graphics is for nothing if you havent got the basics working. Considering im a huge fan of DK1 & 2 im quite annoyed at this point.SEE LEGAL CASE AGAINST SEGA OVER ALIEN COLONIAL MARINES, ITS ABOUT TIME YOU GAMES COMPANIES STOPPED TAKING THE FKIN♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF PLAYERS, AND DELIVER WHAT WE GIVE YOU OUR HARD EARNED CASH FOR IN GOOD FAITH."
76561198074026422,Recommended,230190,30928658,Posted: 3 April,all,hannibla,"Great game. I preferred Dungeons 2, but this is a faithful recreation/improvement on the classic game."
,Recommended,230190,30937229,Posted: 3 April,all,Alex Nolan ﷲ,"If you ever wanted dungeon keeper 3, or dungeon keeper with better graphics - this is what you want. Easily one of the most fun and original RTS i've ever played."
,Recommended,230190,32936916,Posted: 28 June,all,rankorth,Feeling nostalgic for DK? I think this game is a fairly suitable modern version of the iconic game.
76561198097855674,Recommended,230190,31795018,Posted: 16 May,all,AgentFirefly,"Okay, this is my first posting of this kind. It won't be a ""review."" I will say this though: buy this game! I couldn't wait for it to go on sale again and bought it at full price (the $50 package). It was worth every single penny. If you liked what you read in the game description, the game genre, etc., you should like this game. If it isn't ""your thing"" but you were just looking into branching out, I can promise you nothing. To reiterate though: this is an amazingly fun game! The devs killed it! :-)"
76561198048910194,Recommended,230190,23281556,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,retrox,"As a longtime fan of Bullfrog's Dungeon Keeper series, I came into WFTO with lofty expectations. It's for this reason that I feel it would be impossible for me to write an unbiased review of the game based entirely upon its own merits, so I'm not going to try.This *is* Dungeon Keeper 3; and thus far, it has satisfied or exceeded my expectations on every level.If you're like me and you've been waiting for all the bugs and nasty bits to be hammered out before you spend your money, the time has come. With the release of the Gold Rush patch and DLC, the game is technically solid, artistically inspired, full of content, brimming with devious personality, and one hell of a good time for god-game enthusiasts."
,Recommended,230190,28359744,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"Great game, after a long and rocky early access where a lot of us felt it may not work out, they have released a fantastic product.If you have played dungeon keeper then you know exactly what you are in for, as this is a new true succesor to that franchise.From what i have been set to understand this was made by the original team as a way to keep the franchise running, but EA holds the rights to the DK name, so they needed to change it.EA is not interested in using the DK IP for anything other then that insulting mobile app.If you want a true DK experience then get this."
,Recommended,230190,23797429,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Khalagar,"A fantastic game that is extremely fun. It's a very good representation of the old Dungeon Keeper games. It launched unfinished and lacking polish, but it's been given a lot of love and care that it needed.Would highly reccomend to anyone interested in a Dungeon Keeper style game"
76561198107229149,Recommended,230190,23313701,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,gingerpower,we need some hotckey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,230190,15180681,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Celador,"I bought this game in 2013 apparently and since the have not played it while patiently waiting for the developers to finish it.While they did add a lot of rooms, spells, traps, sounds and a voiceover since then... it still feels unpolished.Personally i've got several issues that persisted through every version of the game:1) Cursor is hard to use. Yes, you are reading it right - the cursor. They made it look like a finger from an original game, unfortunately as far as using it in the game it somehow became harder, probably due to increased resolution. Clicking on stuff is mostly ""hit and miss"" situation since the active part of the cursor is just the fingertip. Combine that with the fact that you have to click directly on the stuff, like treasure chests and tiny imps - you've got yourself an annoying issue.2) Tooltips. Many reviewers already mentioned that they do not make any sense whatsoever and its true - instead of clear information about rooms its just some strings with numbers and abbreviations.3) UI. There is no way to soften the blow - its horrible in every possible way. The buttons are too small. The cursor is too big and hard to use (read 1). The minimap (again, made to resemble an original DK minimap) is completely useless and would've been appropriate in the year 95 - Microsoft paint blocks instead of actual rooms and enemies just won't cut in 2015.4) I've expected that with time and better optimization the game would demand less PC resources but unfortunately the opposite has happened. So just a heads up - you really DO need 6-8gb and more, as well as good CPU.Unfortunately the game has not met my expectations yet (in the basic controls department at least) and i've waited quite a bit already. I might change my mind later on, if the developer updates the UI though."
,Recommended,230190,31337764,Posted: 24 April,all,Brotip,I have 100+ hours in DK 1 AND DK 2. And i cannot recommend this game more. If you are looking for a DK with better graphics. Look no more. I've read that some people are experiencing lag in this game. I'm not! solid 60 FPS on ultra settings.Cons:Sin systemShort campaignPro's:Free updates.Hours of fun.Good multiplayer maps.DK 2 with better graphics
76561198049646261,Recommended,230190,31349472,Posted: 24 April,all,Snapcap,Awesome Game!   I have enjoyed it since early access. Thanks to the development team for bringing this game back from the dead (Pun Intended!)
,Recommended,230190,33448361,Posted: 10 July,all,squishysquid,fun game :)Took em a bit to work the bugs out but it's mostly fixed up now.
,Recommended,230190,23275178,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Enerccio,It is just like Dungeon Keeper 2!
,Recommended,230190,15174168,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Spatula,"Imagine going to a restaraunt and willingly waiting years for the best burger youv'e ever seen. Said burger finally arrives at your table, you bite into it and its not cooked completely through. You are understandably dissapointed but you know if you give it to the waiter they'll wisk it back into the kitchen and cook it right proper like.I'm confident this game is going to be just awesome, but its state at release is a little dissapointing. The devs are releasing updates quickly though, so... yep."
,Recommended,230190,31187736,Posted: 16 April,all,Knu,"So, i'm extremely torn in writing this review.Ultimately, i am giving a thumbs up because it was sold (in sale) at a very, very, very reasonable price. If i spent the full price, i would be probably a bit disappointed.I'll try to explain.I'm a huge fan of DK/DK2 - so i am obviously biased and very hard to please.That said, WFTO has a few issues that needs serious addressing.- the game is, in my opinion, too easy. I only had to restart a level twice. All other levels, including the final one, went smooth as butter and it felt like the AI was not even a threat.- the level design is pretty much bland throughout the whole campaign. The fact that your creatures never fight among each other (which led to interesting way to plan and build your dungeon in DK1/2) allows for you to simply cut huge rooms and build stuff togheter, and simply put a few traps in the outer layer of your dungeon. I never had to send back a creature, just get everyone you can in your dungeon and send a huge wave of minions at the enemy. All levels (iirc) have gold shrines which give you infinite gold. Big no-no in my opinion.- the campaign story is pretty much straightforward and doesn't really stick with you, or at least, it didn't with me.- lacks the charisma of a reaper. But that's me being nostalgic :)- a few stuttering here and there, but the developers said they are working on a fix which apparently is due to the unity garbage collection system. Not their fault but damn it's annoying!- you get about 10h of gameplay for the vanilla game. It's a bit expensive in my opinion if you do't buy it while on sales, but YMMVThat aside:+ the game has a huge nostalgia value. It's clear the love the developers have for DK and they clearly spent a lot of development effort into making it as similar as they could to the original material+ still gets a few chuckles due to the dark humor+ it's still fun to dig tunnels+ you get about 10h of gameplay for the vanilla game. Okay if you buy it in sale.A warning though: it looks like the multiplayer is dead. I tried twice, and i only found two lobbies. This almost made me tick ""no"" in the recommendation box, but this is not the developers fault.I will buy the DLC (which continues the main campaign) when it goes on sale, and will update !I am pretty sure, however, that younger player who never put their hands on DK1/2 will LOVE this game :)"
,Not Recommended,230190,15361210,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kjell Arne,"Caling this game finished should be a crime. Im shocked that steam let them go from beta. This game is redicolously unfinished, and i would suggest to everyone who isn't as patient as ghandi to stay away from this."
,Not Recommended,230190,15298919,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,charmedmeat,"I really really really want to like this game.  When it works, it's fun and provides the DK style of gameplay.  The problem is the game just doesn't work.  Worker AI is consistently broken, they ignore the blockers and run where ever they want.  There's no real good way to direct their priorities.  In cases where you have to build defenses in order to survive this is critical.Oh and then there are the crashes.  Crash to desktop, the UI disappears, the game is unresponsive.  I've literally tried 5 times to play the same level, and had crashes every single one.  At this point I'm done, and I'll wait for them to fix the game."
76561198094393928,Recommended,230190,15318033,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,CrazyFrog,"Thumb up for bringing back good memeries only. A♥♥♥♥♥♥load of patches will be needed to ""repair"" this game.Nonetheless, I appreciate the work you guys been doing.  :)"
,Not Recommended,230190,23262710,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Moonj64,"The game has a very interesting premise, but it falls flat because of the interface.  The developers have obviously wasted quite a bit of time on fancy models and graphics but not enough on UI design.  The UI makes even simple tasks quite difficult to accomplish the worst offender being that they replace your mouse cursor with a fancy animated hand that you can never tell quite what is being pointed at without waiting for the cursor highlighting to catch up.The scale on which things happen also tends to make things difficult.  The overall map is quite large relative to the individual unit and the player base is required to be somewhat large to support any decent number of units and the units themselves are quite tiny.  Zoom in to issue orders to units and you cant navigate the map as easily, zoom out to navigate and you cant issue orders as effectively; there is no zoom level where you can effectively do both."
76561198095422785,Recommended,230190,28335052,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,perrodin_roger,I love the game just needs a longer better campaign i would buy expansion packs if they made some lol.
,Recommended,230190,30863846,Posted: 31 March,all,Dr. Weirdo,"At launch this game needed some love, it has gotten that love and i can now recommend it to any old Dungeon Keeper fan"
76561198004949088,Recommended,230190,28514844,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fullydark,the successor to dungeon keeper 2
76561198028569533,Recommended,230190,30313037,Posted: 4 March,all,OrdanaUK,I am a massive DK fan and was really looking forward to this game coming out andI have to say I was not disappointed. I could play it again and again. If your a DK fan I really do recommend this game.
,Recommended,230190,32952280,Posted: 28 June,all,Jason_c_o,"If you're itching for more Dungeon Keeper, this scratches that itch."
76561198006994603,Recommended,230190,28379658,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,crlmjohnson,Great Game.  Highly recommended.
76561198028927197,Recommended,230190,26308978,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tom,Fun
76561197976510998,Recommended,230190,17112384,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Gloomknight,"Yes, this game was released a hot mess.  But they really did fix it.  Highly recommended in current state.  Dungeon Keeper 3 at last.  The upcoming survival mode is really sounding good as well."
76561198021975059,Recommended,230190,35002117,Posted: 16 September,all,Silentwolf123,Now its out of early access its a brilliant game
76561198185235479,Recommended,230190,21766949,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DeadHead,9/10What can i say love it.
76561197961300983,Not Recommended,230190,15642620,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,|$m0k!n|-Lasse Kroner-,"This game is not out of alfa or beta, it is riddled with buggs.Souns not playing, getting stuck in cutscenes, saved games and progress being lost.Saved games not being able to load.It is a broken mess."
76561198006767590,Not Recommended,230190,15180629,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,wistful_dread,"It's clear that these Devs love Dungeon Keeper, and really do have talent. This game does have the chance to truly claim the title as the spiritual successor to DK2.But as of the release, it's not there. There is still so much that is only placeholders, a bit of stability issues, difficulty is all over the place (AI in particular), and it really is one of the LEAST intuitive games I've ever played. Even mucking about in the sandbox and I've not even an idea how to find my minion cap. The free skirmish currently only has 3 maps, all 1v1 and horribly small even for that.This game was NOT ready for release. And it won't be for some time. When it is, I'll update my review to say so."
76561198030245634,Recommended,230190,15243431,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,LittleJeffy,Dungeon Keeper 3. Enough said
76561198030796268,Not Recommended,230190,15452360,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bgarcia9,"This is a game where I wish Steam would have a third recommendation option (other than just yes or no) because my main recommendation is to play Dungeon Keeper 2 instead. WfTO is more or less what the developers wanted it to be, an homage to Dungeon Keeper. This game matches the gameplay and the environment very well. If you are tired of playing DK2, but still want to experience more of that gameplay, than I would recommend this game to you. However, if you are looking for even a tiny amount of freshness in this genre, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198060377229,Not Recommended,230190,16090446,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,tnt533,"This game has come a long way but it is NOT a finished product. For instance, I can't load any saved games. I save the game and it seems to happen successfully but when I go to load from a previous save it just isn't there. this makes the game completely unplayable for me. I am not going to start from the very beginning every time I want to play, having to redo the tutorial over and over again. Not happening. While it is a great game that shows a TON of promise it should have never been released in this state. It is beta material.It feels like they are completely misrepresenting the state of the game by selling it in it's current state as a finished product.***EDIT***After a little more fiddling it appears that when Steam is in online mode the game is still saving games locally so after it saves the game and you try to load it it is bypassing the local game saves and only looking at the saves on Steam Cloud. After taking Steam offline I found the saved game I made while Steam was in online mode. Seems like a bug? A pretty big %$@ bug to have AFTER release you think?So to those individuals having this issue you will just have to take Steam into offline mode to play for now until they fix the issue."
76561198001414361,Not Recommended,230190,15210916,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,almightyzentaco,"Honestly, I'm not very satisfied with this game. I'm about four missions in, and it is essentially the same game Dungeon Keeper was with a graphical overhaul. Feels almost like it's running the exact same engine with higher resolution textures.It's been about 18 years since Dungeon Keeper came out, but War for the Overworld plays essentially the same as it's predecessor. Games have changed and improved quite a bit in that time, but WFTO is stuck in the past.The Good:Same quirky atmosphere you likely enjoyed with Dungeon Keeper.Simple, casual gameplay. Nice voice acting. A pleasant way to spend a few hours.The Bad:AI is generally clunky and bad on both sides. Your minions are not very bright, but neither is the enemy.Many maps are so full of caverns and holes that you can't really design a dungeon the way you want it to look. The map forces your hand in most cases. Combat is a complete mobfest, and usually involves dropping everthing and the kitchen sink onto your enemies heads, spamming heals and shooting some lightening. There is no strategy required.The Verdict:Did you like Dungeon Keeper? Do you want to play it again with unit reskins and higher resolution graphics? If so, then sure, grab this game. If you want a deep and strategic dungeon building game then you will have wait because this isn't it and nobody has made it yet."
,Recommended,230190,15174642,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Perma Hexx,I wish they had taken more time to bug squash.  That said this game has great potental.  If your ok with a few launch bugs then this is a great game.  If your a DK fan like me you should really check it out.
,Recommended,230190,15166425,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,RespawnRedemption,"Epic. Fallowing the style of the great Dungion Keeper series. Unlike Dungionkeeper though you dont just have all the rooms you require each level, Reserch techs you develoup in your own way each game adds so much to the stratigy of the game overall. Do you prioritize reserching your spells, rooms or traps at the start?"
,Not Recommended,230190,32636005,Posted: 22 June,all,Ole Greg,"Let me tell you a story to chill the bone. But I must warn you for this story isn’t for the faint of heart.To truly tell you this tale I must go back to the year 1999, when Dungeon Keeper 2 came out. Back in those ancient times things were good. It was the land of sugar and honey. Where all was right in the world.  Dungeon Keeper was a real time strategy that put you in the role of evil Dungeon Keeper, dig out a map, built a giant base, attract hordes of evil minions and then send them against the forces of light. The game had a twisted sense of humor, good game play, and it was just fun pounding the super-lame good guys into the ground. In other words it was all sunshine and butterflies.And then the cloud darken. The village people scurry to their homes. The flowers and butterflies curl up and die. And in the distance a child cries.The guy looking like Jesus and smelling like a freshman’s gym bag. that’s at city hall that’s ringing a bell saying the end is coming suddenly freezes and screams “The time is NOW!!!!”War for the Overworld is born.Not worth the buy.This was a game that I had played for a few hours, deleted it in disgust. A few months later I came back to this game, blew off the dust, re-downloaded it, beat the every living crap out of it and then sat down to write this review.The Game definitely has a Dungeon Keeper feel to it. But not the golden memory of sunshine and butterflies you remember….more of a cheap knock-off made in a third world countries sweat shop. The game in riddled with glitches, a weak/broken AI and have stuttering and freezing to look forward to.Imagine building up an army that can easily defeat the enemy. It took a while but you have patience. And then at the moment where your armies meet on the field and you should taste sweet victory, it turns into ashes in your mouth as you watch your armies stand still, not attack and soaking up the damage. I wish I could say this was a one time thing. I sent a lot of good soldiers to their deaths, I can still see their frightened faces as I looked down into the computer screen starring in horror as the forces of good curb stomped my forces who just stood there.“They killed Jerry man, he had kids!!!!”While the game adds many new spells, creatures, rituals, etc they all feel cheap. They aren't very useful, they don't enrich the game. At least in the campaign. They are flashy buttons to add to a game to get people to buy them....oooh a shiny button.Say Goodbye to any Cinematic and the game ending has me wanting to ask for a refund on my game.I realize this is from an indie developer. Normally I’m very supportive of these kind of guys. And I’m willing to grant their games a lot of leeway. I don’t expect flashy movies, or huge budget games but I do want to feel like I made a smart purchase and bought a good game. I want to be able to look at Russel Crowe and go “Yes...Yes I was entertained.”Another thing that sent warning signs off for this game was the fact that the developers knew the core game has serious problems. In a conversation with one of the developers they were quoted to admitting this game was “an extremely unfulfilling experience.” And yet instead of focusing on resolving some of these issues, they release DLC’s for people to buy.Spoiler alert	Spoiler alert	Spoiler alert	Spoiler alert	Spoiler alert	Spoiler alert	Spoiler alertDONT READ BELOW THIS LINE.The storyline sucks although it was a surprise ending. Although it’s not the good kind of surprise of finding money in the couch or a game blowout sale on Steam it’s the surprise of going to your doctor for an annual physical and being told you have thirty days to live.The final level introduces an enemy base that’s protected by a force field and a draw bridge. Both new mechanics and ones that work poorly. By poorly I mean they may or may not allow all your soldiers across. I had to do the majority of the last level with 5 creatures and a heal spell.But the game ends with you chasing the King into your home realm. Which looks like a unfinished open spaced level and the Dungeon Heart at it’s center.  At this point the narrator of the game who help you build your first dungeon and sets you on your path to destroy all of his enemies and up until this point has been your best friend in the whole universe betrays you. And has the King destroy your dungeon heart and thus killing you. The narrator proclaims that he has a new pawn to control. And the game ends.  No cinematic.I don’t mind a storyline that ends like Bioshock, where the hero dies. But I want the story to make sense. The narrator had no reason to betray you, you were his pawn already. Everyone you killed was because he wanted them dead. If he said jump, you’d ask “how high?” And the King has no reason to support the demon narrator, who was just part of the group that helped burn and murder their way across his kingdom.Gameplay 3/10.Weak AI. Poor UI. Stuttering and performance issues. Buggy level mechanics.Storyline 1/10It’s a weak storyline with a cop-out ending.Graphics 2/10DK2 is a 17 year old game and has better graphics...nuff said.Multiplayer. ?/10I never touched the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,230190,15194677,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aeon,"two bugs befor I was even able to boot the game, steam overlay not functional, lagging in the menu, dlc being talked about already when the game shoudl still be in early acess.  What a great job guys.  Too bad the games actually good too, cause all this publicity is not, and its going to kill the new dungeon keeper.ALSOwhoever thought it was OK to say thsi game has CoOp when all they really ment were team games online is pathetic, jsut tryign to tack on features.Team games against AI. NOT COOPthey jsut simply are NOT CO OP.  they are team games VS AI.  you Don't see Starcraft touting a coop mode now do you."
76561198034904690,Not Recommended,230190,15237984,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,clahja,"As of 1.0.144/6/2014Going to wait for game to be polished a bit better. The game itself is good, but bugs, lack of proper tooltips, and omg memory leaks. I have 16g of ram and on lvl 4 of campain it ate 8g then crashed.Building: Tutorial says 3x3 minimum for builds, but doesn't say if 3x4 is better or a waste of space. 6x6 adds another device so one would have to conclude 3x3 or 3x6 or it's wasted space. Rooms don't need walls so rip it all down except your chokepoint to enemy.Minion AI: lol, have a full 6x9 slaughter pen and a empty 3x3 pen and minions are afraid of starving to death.Workers don't multitask, they all tear down walls or they all convert blocks or they all mine gold (even if gold is capped..lol) or they all sit idle.Scout beasts engage enemy instead of scouting.Tool tips: Some are still displaying script descriptions. Most that are working have data stretched horizontaly so it goes 1/4 to 1/2 way across screen. Most info is irrelevant and needed info is no where to be found.Hand and Camera: [del] key for camera tilt movement...really? that key should be to get rid of unwanted worker that was summoned over cap thats costing mana.Screen edge movement is good, but hard to hit minimize button in left hand corner.As with all rts type games, camera does not scroll out far enough. (Curse you Warcraft 3 for starting that crap.)Enemy AI: lol, healers heal themselves or attack instead of healing the tank. Assasins chase a goblin accross map instead of staying with battle group. Dwarves think they are tanks. Tanks spin around and around till they are dead not knowing who to hit.Traps: What traps? Death blosson is just a wall. Cannons are defense not a trap. It needs traps that do damage once to an unsuspecting mob.Models: Other than the fact that they are all carbin copies (no unique faces, racial pigment or even hair color) The humanoids look good for the most part, but monsters look like a 2000 game (see Sacrifice by interplay). Succubus have wings BTW, do it right or call them S&M chicks. None of the models have a WOW that is cool feel except Shades.Textures: Heh, didn't I already tear down this group of walls? Oh this one is fortified, see the grey smudge on top....really? Water looks like brown poluted water from a city sim game. Madel textures are minimal and not very detailed.Concusion: Dungeon game? No it is a tower defense game that also lets you attack their tower after you get a zerg army together. So far this isn't even a diamond in the ruff, it is a turd with sugar sprinkled on it. Why everyone is so fixated with a 1997 game? Dungeon Keeper was good but expand on it. If you could combine Dungeons(Kalypso) with this game it would be good start. They both had a good thing, but to many want to play DK and DK2. Have it so you keep what you build and expand out into the world taking territory. Whats the point in building a dungeon to not have invaders?At this time I can not recomend this game. Will try again in a month...maybe."
76561197977558351,Not Recommended,230190,15241041,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Innocent Bystander,"Would not recomend it at all in its current state. Just keep in mind that this is a normal (as in ""done and ready for use"") release. There is still at least one patch per day and lots of bugs. On my system I can't play it at all. It would have been acceptable as early access, but releasing the game in this state normaly is in my opinion lying to the customer."
76561198004982483,Not Recommended,230190,15229104,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Esbon,"Buggy, unplayable. This should never have been approved for final release."
,Recommended,230190,15254260,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Capt. Twisty,"Very cool, Very good, I like it"
76561197972302060,Not Recommended,230190,15548230,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,pissed,"I7 / 16 g ram / 2tb HDD / 4 g vid.The origional Dungeon Keeper game rocked, the expansion pack Deeper Dungeons rocked.DK2 was a graphic upgrade.This chapter is a graphic upgrade as well.The first problem I am incountering is that I need to invert the mouse, and I can not.There is no option to tweek your controls while you are possessing your creatures, so it is very difficult for me to move around.And as of right now, I can not get to the next level.DK1 was  / IS the best of the games."
76561198012226704,Not Recommended,230190,15249258,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Lop the Doody Master,wait its way tooooooooooooooooooooo buggy
76561198022787659,Not Recommended,230190,15210838,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Scythe,"The game doesnt even work now its been fully released, it worked better for me back when it was early access, i cant even get into any campaign level without it crashing, long loading screeens and the slowest and most unresponsive Ui ive ever seen really wreck the game, that before launch, worked fine! when they actually finish the game and properly release it it'll be a great game, until then theres really no point in getting it."
76561198045333830,Recommended,230190,15195833,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mi goreng Satay,"Alright, here we go.If you've played the original Bullfrog Dungeon Keeper and/or Dungeon Keeper 2, then let me just say, this is it, this is what we've been waiting for (and if you haven't played them then skip to the later part of the review). WFTO *IS* truely, more than anything else has ever been, the spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise. Its made by DK fans, for DK fans. Don't hesitate (well maybe, see my next point first), just buy the game and play it.Now, before I continue, I must concede that yes, there have been a number of major bugs since release. HOWEVER, the game is most certainly release ready, enjoyable and playable. Many of these bugs have been related to the campaign, cutscenes etc, however the majority of these have already been fixed. The development team are fully committed and have been doing a great job. There will always be bugs on release, especially for a small indie team like this, you cant get around that. Even major publishers often have bugs on release, sometimes massive ones, and they have millions to spend. If you've played the game for two hours, encountered one bug, and called it a bad, incomplete game, you really don't deserve to be writing a review. In a few hours you've played 2, 3 levels? Get some perspective. Almost all of the bugs people have talked about in the negative reviews were fixed within 24 hours of release.So look within yourself, and if you're the kind of person who is extremely nitpicky about their games, and can't handle a few little bugs or a couple of placeholder texts, then fine, just wait a month, they'll be gone. For me, that's certainly not worth giving a bad review over. As someone who has been waiting for this game for almost 5 years, I'm completely satisified with it.Now, for people who haven't played the original Dungeon Keeper games, then you've never played anything like this. Really. The DK games, and now WFTO, are a genre in themselves, once which hasn't truely been seen for 14 years since DK2. Its a mash up of the RTS and God Game genres, with elements of RPG thrown in. Its like mixing a classic RTS like Age of Empires or Warcraft, with something like Sim City or Sim Theme Park, and then throwing in rudimentary elements of an RPG.So it's Sim Age of Diablo, you ask? That's hard to imagine, what do you actually do?Well, you start by building a dungeon, you mine out caverns and hallways around your dungeon core. Then you fill them with different rooms, attract hordes of monsters, minions and beasts into your employment, make them train and work, construct traps and defences, explore and expand your territory throughout the map and ultimately use your army of creatures to destroy the enemy, be it the forces of good, or a rival Underlords dungeon.  There's far more to it than that, but you'll have to play it to see.10/10, fully recommend."
,Not Recommended,230190,15344304,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Anro,"Just another bad game, save your money and just play dugeon keeper 2."
76561198043772543,Not Recommended,230190,34182146,Posted: 11 August,all,aerinyes,"For when I inevitably think about buying this game again:It's not fun.  Don't make this mistake again, future me.The dungeon maps i was exposed to in my little time playing the game were far too small, and riddled with passages and caverns and incomprehenisibly impenetrable rock walls, frustrating my inner dungeon designer to no end.Yes, this may get better as i get deeper into the game.  Yes, DLCs might fix this problem.But the rest of the game isn't that fun, either.  It's not worth the risk to me of throwing another 22.28 down the drain of a not-fun game to buy the anniversary edition on sale and get far enough in that it miraculously becomes fun...when i could spend that money on some other game that -starts- fun."
,Recommended,230190,15276158,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ben The Dingo,Almost the perfect game for me.if you love all the dungeon keeper games this is a must have!
76561198146622165,Not Recommended,230190,15549697,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,AG,Really wanted to like this game and it failed because of the bugs.
76561198026101679,Not Recommended,230190,18776520,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,GrizBe,"This game promised to be the 'Spritual successor to Dungeon Keeper'. What I got was a game that forced me to rush and I couldn't sit back and enjoy.I wanted to love this game. Back in my youth I played the origional Dungeon Keeper to absolute death. What I loved about that was the humour and the ease of building a dungeon and that if you wanted you could sit back and stratergise and do well, or speed out and rush and hit the objectives hard and fast before your opponant knew what was happening.WftO however seemed to rush me to constantly rush and attack and make rash choices about where to dump rooms or dig, or force me to build defenses with no proper set up. I found myself unable to plan leaving rooms exposed and routes to my dungeon core easy to exploit.The humour is there, but it feels forced, thus making it not that funny at all.In just 2 hours, I'd already gotten through 6 of the 13 levels without trying hard at all. At that pace, I'd not even have gotten 6 hours out of the main campaign. Even buying it on sale, £15 for 6 hours gameplay is pushing things.The problem is, there isn't really anything massively wrong with the game. Its well made, the graphics are nicely designed, the interface is easy to pick up and use.... Theres just a large number of small problems that chip away at the enjoyment and feel of the game making it one I can't recomend, even to fans of the genre."
76561197971733908,Not Recommended,230190,28362104,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,mavruss,"Being a backer, I played through the single player during ""release"".  The state of the game at that time was a complete mess.  I came back to WFTO recently since I just got a new PC that is way beefier than the old PC.  Back then, frame rates were horrible. Nice to see they are better but still garbage. I have been trying to play through the single player again.  I really wish I didnt reset my progress becuase the lack of any type of pacing in this game is enogh to make you kick a puppy and I really love puppies.The lack of pacing, bad FPS, and not being able to skip the god awful cut scenes when you have to restart a level (and you will, a lot) makes me NOT recommend this game.  The dev team seem like a bunch of hard working guys trying to do something but the game just isnt fun.  At least this version of it.  Glad I got the discounted price for backing.  I will be sticking this in the ""wont waste my time"" catagory in my steam library.  Shame."
76561198090446685,Recommended,230190,15244752,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,2000Jews,"amazingly good but it tends to basically ""break"" my computer"
,Recommended,230190,12512679,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Ugh Zug,"I am a huge fan of the dungeon keeper series, this game being the spiritual successor of dungeon keeper II, I was more than happy to purchase the alpha early game access the instant I became aware of it.  I await updates to the alpha early access with bated breath.Do not purchase the alpha for the early access unless you're a die hard fan.  Instead wait for the release so you shall not be disappointed with the development builds.  The horrendous mobile game that was released by Mythic/EA with the dungeon keeper title should be avoided and shunned at all costs for ruining the franchise.  Instead go buy and play dungeon keeper gold (1998,) and dungeon keeper II (1999.)  both of which are not on steam unfortunately, try gog."
76561198131405796,Not Recommended,230190,29428736,Posted: 22 January,all,George.Spil,I wanted this game to be a huge success. The guys did a good job to revive the DG series but unfortunately they did not capture the spirit.The game is not well polished and I did not enjoy the campaign at all. I am very sad to give a negative review... as Dungeon Keeper I was my first PC game.
76561198075188466,Not Recommended,230190,18804048,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,fedor,Not palyable with linux intel drivers :(
76561198007302481,Not Recommended,230190,15192523,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[Falcon] Redblaster100,"I'm very sad, about the fact that I'm having to provide a negative review on this product. As a hardcore fan of the Dungeon Keeper series, I wanted this game to succeed very, very badly. The sad thing is that, it does! It's just technically unplayable.There are no bugs, or not to my experience at least. No glitches, weird errors, crashes, or anything of the sort. And the gameplay is very, very funny, and exciting!(NOTE: Many players have reported a great number of bugs! I just personally haven't run into any, and made it to lvl 3 of the campaign without encountering any glitches and or bugs.)However, as I approached the end of the third campaign level, in which you VS another underlord, with spells like you posess also, the game went total ape♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't been able to fix it, and no solutions are to be found anywhere on the www at all.The level went well, until I came into actual contact with my opposer. The AI controlled underlord, started casting all sorts of spells on my creatures as they pushed the edges of his base back, slowly but surely. The FPS dropped immediatly as the casting began, to 2 - 7 FPS.Now before you all start questioning my specs, and wether or not my pc should be able to handle this title. I run some top of the notch hardware. Two GTX Titans overlocked in SLI , 64-bit, 32GB RAM, Intel Core I7-4930K CPU 3.40GHZ.They have yet to invent a game that my system can't handle, so no excuses developers!I am literally halted in my tracks.  And I can't play the game I payed for any further, until this matter is resolved. Therefor, I advice all potential buyers to WAIT, and not purchase this title, until a fix has been provided officially.Once there is a fix, I'll consider providing a positive piece of feedback.The devs have made several posts on the community hub, in which they state they've 'improved the FPS issues' however, I've had no confirmation of this what so ever, nor any positive feedback regarding this subject from any other buyers.Good game, terribly optimized!Fix this, so we can play this gem in the rough!"
,Not Recommended,230190,15333106,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,killa K,"Don't buy this game yet.  I've spent hours attempting to get it to launch with no luck.  In 6 months maybe they will have the kinks worked out but given the number of bugfixes and she sheer number of people having problems it is a terrible idea to purchase it now.  I bought it without reading the plethora of negative reviews because I loved the Dungeon Keeper games and love the idea of a reboot of them.  Again, this might become playable but we'll see.  The fact that it was released in this state doesn't bode well."
76561198099441894,Not Recommended,230190,15329308,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,LezDole,"Game is full of bugs, unfinished, their entire thinking of what should Dungeon management  be is wrong. Everything is too rushy, one second you are reading what library room does, the other second your dungeon heart is being attacked, and enemy is charging on you, you defeat them, you end the mission and go like wtf was that?. Game is unfinished and small details are lacking, its really sad to see a tavern in which nothing happens (minions go there grab food, and leave gold on floor). No sitting, eating, relaxing etc. Exploration of these small details and creatures and their relations is what is fun for me. I am simply to afraid to continue playing it because I have a feeling it will dissapoint me too much I would have to delete it and never look back. I dont want my gaming experience with this franchise to be trying not to drown in bugs, hoping it wont crash and imagining things in game they should be there in first place. Just dont buy it really, if you loved DK 1-2 , or at least dont play it untill its finally done properly."
,Recommended,230190,33481916,Posted: 12 July,all,Ara,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper 2, you should get this."
76561198002649240,Not Recommended,230190,34180959,Posted: 11 August,all,elliot.jackson,"So many bugs. Practically unplayable. Frequently menus get stuck during play, ie. on monster menu and click to go to spell but keeps you on monster screen. cant press escape. cant do anything. absolute joke. Such a shame because the game itself is enjoyable and bring enough nostalgia back from the old dungeon keeper memories. Disappointed and frustrated"
,Not Recommended,230190,15257012,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Deep Sea Diver Man,Buggy mess that the Devs released early because they ran out of money don't bother with this tell 5-10 months down the road.
,Recommended,230190,15246272,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CtrlXCtrlV,Worthy successor of the Dungeon Keeper series! Just don't make DLC-s okay?
,Not Recommended,230190,21881897,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,William Tell,"I feel this does not capture the spirit of the first Dungeon Keeper, but I also feel like it surpasses Dungeon Keeper 2, but not enough for me to give a recommendation.The main problem I have with this game is the pacing. Every mission you unlock something new, leading to a rather spikey learning curve as you are supposed to juggle the intracies of new rooms and creatures on gameplay while being introduced to new rooms and creatures and mechanics. The game wasn't even challenging. You aren't ever wanting for resources, nor do you need to carefully build defenses, or carefully gauge how much of whatever room to attract various minions.Prisons and torture are pretty useless, but more units never hurt anything. Traps are overpowered, and you can rally click your way to victory without breaking a sweat. I enjoyed the narration though.The entire game feels like a tutorial, and there's never any added difficulty of learning to use your arsenal well. When you finally get all your toys to begin playing with, the game gives you the credits and a thanks for playing! Well, you're not welcome. Ok, maybe a little welcome. It was still Dungeon Keeper after all."
76561197985930393,Recommended,230190,15247202,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Psychopat,"I bought this stuff 3 years ago. From time to time I installed it and checked the progress. Now its finally released and....Still lots of bugs, but they working on it so I think masterpiece is on the way. Let the new era of your dungeon begin!!Little Edit: I've installed this game again after patch 1.2 and........wooooooooohaaaaaaaaaaa....finally new dungeon era begun. Just forgot Dungeons 1&2 this is it how we like it from old school times...i cannot explain how do i feel while iam playing this game....thank you thank you oh sweet Lord !"
76561197970353469,Not Recommended,230190,15276399,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Buddylove_IRE,"Update:With the new patch I can now continue playing the game and have now progressed further. I find the campaign interesting and varied but I constantly feel rushed to do something else. It makes it abit more tense but I also would like time to get to know my creatures and experience the game abit more. But I feel that this is lacking here. On the outside I feel that it looks and feels roughly like a Dungeon Keeper game but it lacks the heart of one of these or the slow deliberate nature of late 90s RTS games. There is no ""meh"" option for this review so I will leave it as a not recommend game.Original Review:This game has some promise but I at the moment the campaign is unplayable. It consistantly crashs on the 4th mission and I cannot progress. Other modes work but I want to play the campaign but the game does not allow this. It is also janky with graphical erros other gameplay wierdness. Please do not by this game. If it gets better I will update my review."
,Recommended,230190,15188677,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JohnK,Been waiting my whole life. You deserve 10/10. Some small fixes needed but I am confident in the team.
76561198032966452,Not Recommended,230190,15221582,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,professorlamp,"If you like DK1 and 2, you should definitely give this a go. It sticks extremely close to the formula.Pros:* Feels like other DK's* Similar DK humour (Lol'd at Chunders)* Overall just really good!Cons:* Subtitle text is too small and is pure white meaning it's hard to read on bright backgrounds* All of the buildings have the word 'Prop' in them. e.g. Instead of 'Barracks' it's called 'Prop Barracks'...not sure why.* When you look at buildings/creatures and what they're doing it's not very specific whereas in DK2 it was very specific about what was going on so you could micromanage very well.EDIT: I've been playing it for a bit longer since my initial review.The game is too buggy. Here are a list I've encountered so far (The good aspects of the game still stand, but it's also buggy).- Frequently getting 'Insufficient mana' when trying to cast a spell even if my mana is full.- Imps ignore the boundaries set by the flag to stop them possessing land- I played a skirmish game and nothing happened. No units came at all.- Several graphical glitches- The sidebar buttons are wayyy too small to hit with a cursor. The whole UI is a bit finnicky, I'm not sure if it's just too small?- Placeholder variables in the actual game content. This is unacceptable. Things like 'Identified : False' and 'Team:null' are very lazy placeholders which they need to remove asap. I also encountered one where a beast was going for food and it's status was something along the lines of 'Going to HUNGER_VAR at slaughterpen'...not cool.- When you possess a creature, the movement feels janky and jerky.I think more than anything, they need to seriously review their code. By the sounds of it, they're rushing it and introducing more bugs.Still, If you like DK (not donkey kong) and don't mind a few annoyances, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,230190,10539155,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Not Kermit the Frog,"10/10 Play dis plox, is good, very good, Dungeon Keeper 3 w/ RTS elements, which I don't rly like, but it's cooh, cuz Dungeon Keeper."
,Recommended,230190,15243827,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Durant,Just what I needed.
76561197973947942,Recommended,230190,15246708,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,richnky,pretty good remapable keys would have been nice
,Not Recommended,230190,17576022,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"I do not know what dungeon keeper had that this game doens't have.  I found the scenerios kind of meh, but then got stuck on a non-standard scenero where you just had to build a bunch of traps to stop waves of guys from reaching thier destinaion.  I did watch some videos on how to solve this level, but after about 5 tries I gave up. It just wasn't any fun.I tried a few skirmish maps, but even that seemed very ""meh"" to me.  I wish I could give you a lot more specifics as to why I didn't like it, but I can't.  It was just a very mediocre experience all around."
,Recommended,230190,18282166,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gettic,"yes, yes you need this ine in you're life!"
76561198036357855,Recommended,230190,23045798,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Millerux,Its good to be bad!
,Recommended,230190,34037388,Posted: 5 August,all,S.Mouse,It is pretty fun a bit rough around the edges in some places but worth the current sale @ 60% off.
,Recommended,230190,15326270,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,JackTrevor,"This is a ""Wait-for-Sale"" game, as much as I hate to say it. But I say that because by the time it goes on sale, it should have more content and most of the bugs out of the system. But if you've been waiting for Dungeon Keeper 3, look no further than this.At the time of review, I had completed the campaign and dipped a little into the skirmish mode. As far as tech problems, I've only had two of note and both happened on level 10. I had the game freeze for 10 minutes when I did a ritual that revealed the enemy dungeon. And I tried to reload a save for it and it didn't load. Other than that the only other tech problems I've had is really nothing that cannot be solved with graphic adjustments in the options menu. If you're experiencing game breaking bugs, you might want to consider the age of your hardware and upgrade the parts that are over five-years old.Despite the bugs and the lack of content in the skirmish, I've had a fantastic time with this game. The campaign, while a glorified tutorial, is quite good whether you're an old player or new to this type of game. I played Dungeon Keeper 2 for comparison and my verdict is that it is pretty much DK 2 with the polish that didn't exist in 1999 and with addtions that add to overall experience rather than detract. I found the use of Potions and Rituals to be an interesting addtion to the formula. And you'll come to love the Narrator, who is from the original game, as the way that he delivers his dialouge is such a joy to listen to. I would put him the Hall of Fame where they reconigze voice talents like the narrators from ""Stanley Parable"" and ""Basition"".This game definately is going to be worth having but it's going to happen several patches down the line. To their credit, they are coming out with patches at a quick rate but this game definately could've used another month in Early Access to polish up their assests. Heck, you can still see the Unity engine titles when you hover over units. I don't know whether it was money and/or the bad reputation Early Access has gotten the past year that prompted them to release it in this state, but it thankfully doesn't detract from the overall game experience and the game is backed by a good studio. We haven't really gotten a good successor to Dungeon Keeper and this is by far a worthy successor to the concept."
76561197987486284,Recommended,230190,30862802,Posted: 31 March,all,Cetnik,A great new take on the Dungeon Keeper format. Recomended for all DK fans.- A DK1 & 2 fan.
,Recommended,230190,15595233,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Boss Kemp,"Not without it's problems, but the game is definitely in a very playable state.The developers have released many patches since it's release from early access. I believe they will continue to support the game and be one of those that bucks the trend of poorly supported early access games.If you loved DK - Support these guys!"
76561198025148697,Recommended,230190,15444634,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,oren_amsalem1,"This game still have bugs..But it will be a great game once the bugs are gone, if you like the idea buy the game so they will have money to support it.Read here:http://www.gamewatcher.com/news/2015-14-04-subterranean-war-for-the-overworld-delay-would-have-caused-serious-financial-harm"
76561198001678714,Not Recommended,230190,15292755,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,CatMcGregor,"It looks like a fantastic game, but it frequently crashes. Any released product must be held to the same standard, and if this was EA I doubt the reviews would be so glowing. I can't wait to play it, but right now I am unable to because the bugs that crashes the game far outnumbers those that keep it going.So keep that in mind if you want to get it."
,Recommended,230190,15467794,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"This game is getting less buggy, but is recommended with the understanding that it will likely never be perfect.It has performance issues, some odd design choices for the user experience and could certainly have built a better executed version of the game, but recent patches show some acknowledgment of the issues so there is hope.Overall though, this is one of 2 (alongside Dungeons 2) Dungeon Keeper games that are well worth your cash if you like this type of RTS/Strategy game."
76561197997645785,Recommended,230190,15218380,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Melonstar,i REALLY enjoy this game !! it's getting all the good feelings from DK2 and puts it into a spirital DK3 game ! REALLY good work Devs.It had a rough start but they are patching this like 3-5 times a day and now it really is look good and playes very well ! do not listen to the hate reviews that only played 1 hour of this game
76561198051066353,Recommended,230190,15223459,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Axelo,"Might as well be Dungeon Keeper 3. Same look, same feel, same dark sense of humor. It's got some bugs, but not nearly so bad as some ""finished"" products that have come out on Steam.  It'd say it's a must-have if you enjoyed DK 1 & 2."
76561198067006264,Recommended,230190,21433551,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tathor,If you like Dungeon Keeper 2 you will like this aswell its the best Siquel i ever seen but the Campain could be longer 13 missions are still to short :/
,Recommended,230190,15197520,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Wilted_Brainz,"I can vouche this one.  Was a backer (even though the title wasn't given due to the fact that my pay method wasn't accepted for it).  In the last 2 days this game has been patched with steadfast determination.  I have followed this game for YEARS.  It is one of the very few games out there that promised and delivered after a ton of ups and down within the production.  The game in itself is made with the Unity engine.  The DK series was a favorite of mine from the beginning, and was a kick to the balls when EA bought it and did what they do best.  Round filed it.  These ppl saw a community who was begging for more from the DK title, and took it upon themselves to dev WftO, even though they had to cover their azzes to keep the game in the spirit of the DK genre while making it their own.  This group never promised anything it didn't deliver.  Not once in the promotion of the game did they make it look like it was anything but what it is.  I have faith in this product to be a quality piece.  I have played many games that were top titles that were released in WAY worse shape, and WAY more expensive.I give this game 10 thumbs up and played it for about 66 hrs.  It had some laggy issues with the AI pathing which seemes to have been patched out, and 2 bugs with completion which also has been fixed.  If you want a blast from the past with a new twist, this game is a definite buy.  If you are worried about the bugs, give it a day or 2 to let them sort out the release and then buy it.  This is a must for anyone that is a fan of the DK series, or the ""god"" game genre.  I have been reporting and watching the WftO forums, and I must say that not once have they not replied quickly to any reports or comments.Hop to see you soon Underlord!"
76561197974250986,Not Recommended,230190,15271382,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,edub101,"Unfortunately, the game slows to a crawl and then crashes when lots of stuff is on-screen, requiring a hard-reset (and a disk-error integrity check). At the ""Keros"" level, the game becomes unplayable.  Sadly, the game seems to have its heart in the right place, but the technology just doesn't work.  It appears the game was rushed to release early, on purpose, since the developer's tool tips are still in the game and appear when you hover your mouse over anything (complete with error and bug notices).  One must assume the early release was out of fear of the competing product, ""Dungeons 2"" which is due out in a few days.  The rush to beat a competitor to market resulted in a  broken game.  Maybe the game will be finished and fixed through patches.  It looks like it has great potential when finished.  But it is still in beta stage, and releasing it like that is awful.  Don't buy this product."
,Recommended,230190,15306217,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,☣Csala☭,Epic just like dk3 supposed to be epic even better then dk2 has some small bugs tough but the devs are doing a rly good job on finding out and managing them epic
76561197969022625,Recommended,230190,15352910,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Live,I like this game it have all the feature in dungent keeper plus more. Love it alot.Have only play the campa mode.But there is still some bug.. the vampire i raise is UNkillable.. it just respawn and respawn and respawn..It is ok if i was not his enemy for some reason and destory my heart solo.The enemy sometime will trap at your heart and nothing can kill it so even a level 1 enemy can destory you.Lastly i heard from other that this game is too hard to play.However i felt the diff.I cant even see any enemy... previously in dugent keeper 2 the enemy come in by the level 10 wave after wave and after wave that was real fun.Endless of enemy endless of fun.
76561197971063645,Recommended,230190,15250219,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,adam.trotman,Great fun a little rough but buy anyway as they seem to be patching it very regularly..
,Recommended,230190,15258962,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SirThompson,"Amazing so far, love the DK2 voices humor and gameplay its everything youve been waiting for if you liked the dungeoun keeper series..AI in skirmishes seems to want to hunt you down though, i personally like being slow with my expansion.Missing the Rally spell to get all units to one area quickly but it is possible i have not figured it out yet at the time i wrote this review.[Updated 7-28-2015]i found the rally button, my mistake...wish they would do some more with the survival part, Midas door update made it useable i can hold out against a large wave for quite some timethe hard AI i have yet been able to best, it is very good at attacking probing defenses and counterattacking which i really like, DK2 i could beat a master AI with ease"
,Recommended,230190,19789012,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Oni Kitsune,My fav! I've missed this game.
76561198003310741,Recommended,230190,15172532,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,5th Element,"Great gameplay, Unfortunately sullied somewhat by freequent crashes, looking forward to some heavy duty patching for stablity. Other than that, Awesome so far.TL;DR -- The game is not complete, Altho being very fun, Needs ALOT of work. If you don't mind playing what is essentially still beta, Then you won't be dissapointed, If not. Wait 6-12 months for it to be properly ready.UPDATE: Since writing the Original review, the game has Launched. Unfortunately, It is still far from what I would consider ""complete"" The Single player campaign has frequent issues (server slowdown/freezes/crashes/Bugs out and after completing the objective nothing happens). These can be gotten around by re-playing the level but you really shouldn't have to do that. There is a servere lack of content beyond the single player campaign too. There is alot of stuff ""comming"" but a released game should be COMPLETE. If it's not ready, leave it in early access. If this was still in early access I could definitely recommend it. The game has alot of potential, and in 6 months to a year, I think it will be a really great game. Unfortunately, It's just not complete. IF you don't mind playing a ""released"" game that is basically still in Beta, then you WILL NOT be dissapointed. However, if you are after a complete game. You will be."
76561198036824635,Recommended,230190,24737214,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Crafty_fire,An amazing adaptation of dungeon keeper which hooked me after just 20 minutes
,Recommended,230190,18475123,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,▼Mayze6,Its alot like the dungeon keeper games wich is why i play the game its so mouch better then dungeon keeper u must buy it if u like dungeon keeper that is all i have to say 1000/1000 game.
,Recommended,230190,15177288,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Marty20k,"This game has evolved greatly into an incredible tribute to dungeon keeper, if you like DK you will like this, that simple, the devs have been posting updates every week for over a year now, i applaud the team for their dedication to this amazing series."
76561198057883605,Recommended,230190,15868090,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,drweb86,The most greatest game i ever played! So cool so nice. So awesome.
,Recommended,230190,15900791,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,samuel_tapp123,love itttttttttttt!!!!
76561198009404236,Not Recommended,230190,16575344,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,royan_vestrit,"Great game overall, really takes me back to those Dungeon Keeper days.  I swear they even have the same guy doing the Voice with the same type of humour.The one major issue I have with the current version is that I can't load saved skirmishes, bar gets stuck at around the 80% level.  I always preferred to play long games and really have fun with dungeon design.  So this bug kinda nixes it for me.I'll check back after the next patch, but I do kinda feel like I've wasted my money."
76561198023788905,Recommended,230190,30021550,Posted: 18 February,all,Threesixfiveohday Juarez,This is an awesome game and I recommend it.
,Recommended,230190,30035735,Posted: 19 February,all,Remco,Game runs very smooth (patch 1.5). Feels and plays like Dungeon Keeper. Recommended.
76561198147078247,Recommended,230190,30034993,Posted: 19 February,all,Biaz®™,Akin Dungeons Keepers.... Welcome to the dark side. hahaha.
76561198001536271,Recommended,230190,15288956,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,odhan,"There are elements of the game that are unfinished, placeholder text and plain lack of content. However, what I have played is the campaign and that seems mostly complete. I've only done a few levels, but they were good, it felt like the DK3 I've been waiting years for.I think the current ~£3 discount you get in the sale balances out the small lack of content. Especially when you consider the rate at which the devs are releasing patches. It won't be long before the game is complete and very playable.If you are definitely going to buy this game at some point and don't want to wait for the summer sales then buy it now, though you might want to hold off on installing it for another week or so. Happy slapping Keeper."
,Recommended,230190,17212115,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,HermitFrog,"When I first played the game at launch it was awfully unfinished, but as it stands now it is beautiful. It's basically Dungeon Keeper 3, to those who know what that means. To those who don't it's a great strategy/god game with lots dark humor. It's a must have for any existing Dungeon Keeper fan, and I do recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good strategy game."
76561198057321128,Recommended,230190,18375738,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wiley,Needs more horned reaper
76561197967792556,Recommended,230190,18542446,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Abraxas,"Great Dungeon Builder Game, feels just like the old one :D who shall remain nameless? Patched frequently, Skirmish is fun and Sandbox i love as do like to just build a Dungeon of Awesome-ness. Campaign is good aswell, with a home real you can play in where the rooms etrc you unlock in campaign you use in your Home Realm.All in all really enjoying this its the game ive been waiting for, Dungeon Master, OUT."
76561198048182686,Recommended,230190,18647192,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Doodoo558,"I couldn't recommend this earlier due to the unfinished state of the game, but as of patch 1.2, I finally can. Thank the dark gods they gave incentives to keep players from making open floor plans. Anywho, this game gets a resounding YES, BUY IT. The dungeon keeper sucessor we've all been waiting for. Thank you subteranean games. Lets bump these ratings up to where they should be now that the game is patched and pretty much bug-free."
76561198079749040,Recommended,230190,18701213,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,timmoomoo,Ok im on the third level and i ecountered a bug. My computer laggs everytime i plug it in for some reason. so i saved and exited the game to wait for it to charge. so i boot up the game again and load my save. theres a bunch of dirt disappearing (i assume its just loading up) and then once all the dirt dissapeared i could see the entire map with no fog of war and i could see the guys entire base and every artifact ECT. so yeah i recommend the game but the glitch takes the fun out of it plz fix soon!Theres also another thing thats♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off WHY CANT I ♥♥♥♥ING PICK UP MY MINIONS WHEN THEY ARE IN COMBAT I ♥♥♥♥ING LOST SO MANY TIME THANKS TO THAT ITS A DUMB ♥♥♥♥ING FEATURE (i wrote that last park after i was really ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the game for not letting me pick up my minions in combat) Also for some reason my minions go and seige a place with out me telling them too and then i cant pick them up witch makes it even worse
76561198125721693,Recommended,230190,19057774,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,matthew.knight,"this is a great game the campaign that has variety and has a good story the maps can be interesting and in genrall it is well balanced there's a few unlockables in teh way of cosmetics. This is where one negative coms in one of teh achivements (mira mi poder) is allmost impossible and in the balencing update they have onley made it harder. That is all, it is a very good game and i think it needs more players (so you can actually use multiplayer)."
,Recommended,230190,12385031,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,jrizzle8769,"This game is amazing.....I never got to play the Dungeon Keeper games, but have always been looking for a dungeon management game that appealed to me. After going through many of the popular games out there and them all being duds, I found this one! This game has very little content thus far, and was still entertaining. I can't wait for this game to be fully released as I imagine I will be logging alot of hours. The only flaws I could even think of was that some of the user interface aspects could be a little more clean and user friendly, as well as workers sometimes taking forever to build doors. Either way this will be an epic game and im 100% on board!Side note* its very rare to play an early acess game with no noticeable bugs, and thats what you get here. This game is really polished to be at such an early stage of development! Keep up the great work Devs!"
76561198074720971,Recommended,230190,21701781,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,I loved Dungeon Keeper and this is like a spiritual successor. Needs some AI improvement but pretty solid overall.
76561198081151864,Recommended,230190,22045721,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DragonV13,Awesome game takes me back to the good old days
76561197997589355,Recommended,230190,15193191,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Yous,The first of a kind and the real DK series survival... if you loved Dungeon Keepers you will defently love this one!
76561197995427428,Recommended,230190,15192720,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Keten Kennek,"Premise:  I drank the DK + DK2 KoolAid long ago....  The late 90's were a Golden Age, I leave you to understand the nostalgia of and for, that time.Anyway, the WftO KS campaign and updates to that, left me a bit depressed.  Even with the fabulous voice actor- Richard Ridlings, I feared the developer would either: Screw it up, or get sued out of existance.Long story , short-  It's really good.  Get it.  I got chills, even the old muscle memories came back.There may be some bugs, but those will be settled in time.  GET IT."
,Recommended,230190,15193835,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Flasken,"It's far from being polished, but it's doing a very decent job bringing back the dungeon keeper feeling, while adding some new elements. I'm not sure all of the new elements are all equally sucessfull. I for one, didn't like the level where you are stuck with a 'rally to battle' flag (albeit with an option of making groups) starting with four necromancers, where a more strategic precision would have been very welcome.However rough and unpolished it still might be, I thoroughly enjoy it, and I suspect I will spend quite some hours with it. In my book a game is worth it's value if it keeps me interested for at least a day, and this one already has."
,Recommended,230190,15193315,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Renmusxd,"Looks great so far, just need performance fixes for the recommended and minimum specs"
76561198014844931,Recommended,230190,31688416,Posted: 11 May,all,Alone in the Dork,Pretty good if you like dungeon keeper.
,Recommended,230190,29923209,Posted: 14 February,all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Real time Strategy game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are many resolution sizes available.You can choose between Fullscreen or windowed mode.Able to Disable cutscenes.There is a master volume slidebar with a %.There is a Sound volume slidebar with a %.There is a Music volume slidebar with a %.There is a campaign volume slidebar with a %.There is a mentor volume voice slidebar with a %.Able to toggle Subtitles.There is a mouse sensitivity Slidebar available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There are some different languages available.There is a Map/Level editor.There is an online multiplayer and there are still some people active.Online multiplayer does NOT require Ip Port-forward stuff.About the game.This game brings you back to the deepest dungeons of the underworld. Where you have to Attack, Build, explore, Dig and loot the dungeons.You will have to protect the ""Dungeon Core"", Once a dungeon core has been destroyed the game will be over. You start with some workers which are mining halls in the dungeon and claiming tiles.You are able to build on the tiles that you own. Each unit will need a bed, Food, Gold and ofcourse the requirement to be able to summon them. You are able to use spells, finding artifacts, shrines and sins.Sins are required to develop new buildings. The campaign mode has a build-in Tutorial and it's good explained. Each Campaign level has 3 achievements. Each minion has their own happiness meter.The happiness meter has to stay up in the positive, or else they will become unhappy and eventually even rebelling. Unhappy units will have a penalty in their effectiveness. Rebelling units will attack your own minions and you can't control them.There is a tutorial and it's well explained.The text and subtitles are totally voiced over. (So everything from the game).You are able to go inside of an unit and play him in first person.Workers and units are able to level up.Workers will try to rescue fallen allies or other corpses.Workers will try to steal the land and territory from others.Able to make Rally points.You can slap units to increase their effectiveness. But their happiness and health will be draining.Has a minimap.Has a Tech-Tree.Commentary is sometimes funny.Text font could be small.There is a Campaign, survival and Skirmish mode.Minions/units are able to become unhappy and eventually even attack your own units (Rebelling).Other things.-------------------I Give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,230190,34040971,Posted: 5 August,all,Maulace,"A marvelous game.  This scratched an itch I've had since middle-school.  Truely a spiritual successor to Dungen Keeper.  The new features that did not exist in the old games add to the experience without interfering with the core gameplay that existed before.  I absolutely love it.Typically I don't even bother to review games unless they are just so god aweful that I can't excuse the content, or the behavior of the devs.  This is one exception I am more than happy to make.I know the devs are planning a new game in the near future, and that this might just be wishfull thinking; but considering how much care they took to stay true to the feel of the old games, I do have one request.  Would you consider making a spiritual successor to Black & White.  I feel like you guys are the only devs I could trust to do it justice."
76561198142267148,Recommended,230190,31224689,Posted: 18 April,all,pulsonic,"If you liked the Dungeon Keeper series by Bullfrog, you will like this game, one could even say it is the spiritual child of said series.+ Evil overlord RTS+ Torture and conversion of adversaries+ Fun campaign(s)+ Sandbox mode+ Unique goals/achievements- For some reason there seems to be some leakage in the code causing the game to stutter after a while. Restarting the game resolves this- Lots of DLC makes this game feel kind of 'EA-ish'- some of the goals/achievements are time based causing you to have to rush through levels to get theseBut all in all, quite a fun game, worth it!"
,Recommended,230190,15506641,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LilyFawxz,"This is a very great game, i have loved the series for years and im great this game has come back loved the old Dungeon Keeper and im glad a new and amazing version is out i love it allready! I reccommend it highly!"
,Recommended,230190,15812979,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Raptorial,"My first review: the reason: it deserves the positive feedback.As a fan of the old games this is just a remake, but that makes me very happy! The potential is clearly there. Fair enough... it isn't as complete as you would expect from a released game (mainly the amount of maps is a bit of an issue, but not for long looking at the future update on the planning).I have bought games way more expensive that are less fun to play. As soon as there are more maps I am quitting my job to play this all day."
76561197970607311,Recommended,230190,18805472,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Flopy,New generation dungeon keeper. Very much fun.Only little minus comes that game has still some bugs.
,Recommended,230190,15462545,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Anonymous,I love the DK series and when I saw this I had to have it. I would recommend this game to anyone but be aware that there are alot of problems from loading the actual game to game crashes. There is lot of work that still needs to be addressed but the developer are working on these issues. Don't let this put you off on getting this game.
,Recommended,230190,15372176,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Alan Wolf,This isn't just a remake of the Dungeon Keeper franchise...  It's THAT promised sequel we never got - Dungeon Keeper 3 with a whole new name!  And they craziest thing is that EA nor Lionhead had nothing to do with it!!!Kudos the guys at Subterranean Games for delivering the true sequel - A noble effort and blatant stab in EA's guts!
,Recommended,230190,15489596,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ajsmith52,"For anyone has played the old Dungeon Keeper games this is a must buy, the similarities are uncanny and yet the improved graphics and all round gameplay really add to this game.There are a lot of people complaining this is unfinished but I would strongly recommend ignoring that and just give it a go. Patches are quite frequent and the designers seem to care immensely for this and so I would expect the improvements to just keep on coming.Possibly an investment but already a good buy in my book, well worth trying!"
76561197996659542,Recommended,230190,15490489,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dave R.,"If you were a fan of Dungeon Keeper 2 in the old days of Windows 98, and felt a lack of similar games for decades, then rejoice my friends !!This game is everything DK2 was AND THEN SOME !I couldn't be happier with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of game :D"
76561198002873637,Recommended,230190,15356849,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Chaos CMXLIV,"I am a person of little words, so writing a review does not come natural to me.  In fact, this is probably the first review I have ever written.  I have just been so impressed that I had to support this team, and this is the way I am doing it.In a nutshell, I recommend this game to anyone who loved DK and DK2.  I actually think this game is much better.  A small team of programmers made me so happy to play a game again!  The support this teams gives is amazing as well.  You can feel the love and passion of the game they created when playing."
76561198009308117,Recommended,230190,15457036,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lennos,"COMPARISON OF OVERWORLD TO DUNGEONKEEPERI bought the game despite the negative reviews, and suggest you do the same. I am a diehard fan of DK, having an emulator on my PC for the sole purpose of playing it (and have done so a lot). I am so happy I found a game that brought me what 'Impire' and 'Dungeons' didn't. This game exceeded my expectations enough I may uninstall my emulator for DK.PROS:+True DK successor- saturated with eastereggs  that even veteran players may miss (micropiglets have invaded your dungeon)+Better storyline than DK. You aren't a random keeper trying to get out of hell for implied reasons.+Perfect voice acting-  Better execution than in DK, which was exceptional to begin with.+Well balanced.  Good luck finding a cheap exploit against a good player.+Multiple strategies for victory. DK was won by having a hoard of creatures and that alone. Overworld has many, if you're clever enough to find them.+Technology tree that allows for rushing, booming and turtling strategies that didn't exist in DK.+An AI that is actually challenging.+Elite, boss like creatures that put dark angels to shame+More meaningful combinations with traps. DK had many traps, but they weren't actually useful like they are in Overworld.+Constructs for sapping, replacing earth (I wanted that so bad in DK), and more+More strategy with spells. In DK, pragmatically you could only use the same 2-3. While you aren't forced to be spell happy, spells can be a main strategy for victory.+Dungeon molds to your playing style more than DKCONS-UI needs to be more polished- If you select a potion, you are unable to change your mind; You have to use it. Selecting a ritual to perform is clunky, and is easy to cancel out of by mistake without knowing.-Was under pressure to ship to market too soon. Fortunately development has been responsive.-Possesion mode doesn't make it clear what you're targeting, or if you're hitting anything as well as DK does.-Creature dialogue can distract from gameplay. I know some other players find creatures overtly chatty. Only the Cultist bothers me.-If there are secret creatures to be gained by combining rooms, I haven't found them.-None of the minigames that gave the original DK some of it's flavor. But I never played those much anyway. No comical video shorts either-No invincible, horned reaper. But let's be honest, it probably doesn't belong in there unless they're literally cloning DK.-Your dungeon isn't filled with yoghurt. The floor isn't lumpy either. No need to order your minions to jump up and down."
76561198026212045,Recommended,230190,15361092,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,D.K [Diamond 2],"Ok so fun story your gonna love this/. Its about one in the morning after my mate gets off skype and goes to bed. I see a patch for underworld. So I download it and look at the notes and said the memory leak should be fixed and I was like oooo.So tried it out.Loaded it up and instantly the menu says ""isn't it past your bedtime underlord"". I was like what the ♥♥♥♥. Is this my girlfriend telling me to go to bed since its 1 in the morning? Haha anyway load up my save from one of the campaign levels that had been lagging like hell it ran smoothly I was loving it. After completing the level I instantly moved onto the next one, feeling int the zone. Next level after defending for 30 mins I held strong. I then counter attacked and lost my army but they had nothing left so I built up another army. I built this army up for ages and it got massive.So this is where it gets funny right? Just as I have spent 1 hour building this army up and half an hour defending so I have spent an hour and a half on this l level. I had a insanely complicated dungeon with defenses everywhere and ward so I could see everything inside their base.I knew how Many troops they had and where they were etc I had built a massive army and waited till they were all like level 8. So after 2 hours playing the games and an hour and a half being spent on this one level.... I sold a tile to build a lair on it as my army was so big then I was gonna attack and win the level. So I sell the tile and........freeze.I wait and I wait and I wait and it comes up with games not responding. I say wait for game to respond and this goes up for a bit where it keeps saying it's not responding and I keeep saying wait. Eventually I realise the game was dead so Clicked close program. I load up the game straight away to see if. I have anything left on the level I had spent an hour and a half doing.It loads up. Menu proceeds to says ""Underlord. Go to bed."" At this point I'm thinking ♥♥♥♥ you. You did not just crash my game and my dungeon and my level that I had spent ages doing and now your telling me to go to bed? ♥♥♥♥ you. So go into save games. Nothing there. I will have to restart the level. At this point I close the game and go to bed.I hate it's guts but due to the addicting nature of the game I will end up redoing the level tomorrow. Even though this game has frustrating moments like this, It did cause me to stay up until like 3am playing it. It is massively fun and the bugs are rare. It was my fault I had not saved.10/10 would rage again lol 10/10 would play again."
76561198121608041,Recommended,230190,15396887,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,James Davion,I love this Game sooo much i have been doing soo many Scirmishes and i have already beaten the game and i am now going to get all the Achievments. Hope the Dlc is better or at least the same! :D
76561197966788320,Recommended,230190,15297104,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dec42,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper, you'll like this game.Sure there's a few performance issues, but it's a great game and worth the money. The devs seem quite active in providing fixes and so I think all the issues will be sorted out sooner rather than later."
,Recommended,230190,15326326,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tanith,"I had high hopes for this game and at times it was very, very, good but there were a few things that I didn't like. Even with the game still being fixed and with all the bugs it was enjoyable, but the fact that the bugs make the game unplayable at times made it really annoying.While playing the game I felt it was pushing you to complete it, rather unlike DK 1 and 2, were you could build your dungeon and plan and plot.Placing traps in DK 1 and 2 were useful, in this game not so much, as when heroes or enemy creatures hit level 5 then the traps prove useless and ineffective.Overall, out of the whole game, there were only 3 or 4 levels where you could just build your dungeon and then expand outwards.Also in the last mission the cinematic was really disappointing, it was predictable and so short I felt cheated."
76561198156094608,Recommended,230190,15294473,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Philip J. Fry,"Very good game.Clearly good game and is worth its price 'spite arguments below.Not really ok with the trade policy though. This is not a release it's a beta. Some savegames won't load, (they will slow the fps so low it would be unplayable like 1fpm (frame/mn XD).  Keyboards layout are ignored (so possession becomes a pain in *** with non qwerty keyboards). Honestly, it's neither an alpha nor a release; i think beta is pretty honest to qualify this product on April the 10th 2015. Let's hope it'll  soon be a real release."
76561198032481368,Recommended,230190,15297248,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,#DavidTomneyUK,"This game is the spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper, there are still some bugs in the game but the developers are fixing them as I write this review. I use to love playing Dungeon Keeper 1-2 and was hoping for a new Dungeon Keeper very soon but as EA cancelled Dungeon Keeper 3 this is the nearest you'll get to getting Dungeon Keeper 3.If your a Dungeon Keeper fan then get this now!"
,Recommended,230190,28348961,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Grimtongues,"War for the Overworld (WFTO) is the spiritual successor of Dungeon Keeper 2.  The campaign is similar to DK2 with a heavy focus on RTS elements and aggressive gameplay.  Fortunately, the game has a speed setting so that you can play slower (or faster) - I found the campaign highly enjoyable on the slower speed.Criticism:I think the UI is far too cumbersome for an RTS game - there are too many UI elements.  Also, there are several redundant types of units, rooms, and spells.  These redundancies just make the game feel bulky.  Fortunately, there are hotkeys for everything - it just takes a while to learn them.TL;DR  This is Dungeon Keeper 3"
76561198030112266,Recommended,230190,28693834,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TurbineRooster.,"i am stuck and could do with some help, i have looked and looked into my problem but i seem to see apsolutely nothing about it and basically, im playing home realm like my pet dungeon on DK2 and everything seems to be in order but one thing, that thing is that i cant  use my veins of evil, its not allowing me to spend my points on it for the extra rooms and major important stuff required on their anyone know of any fixes please?"
76561198030080823,Not Recommended,230190,17882451,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,bubblematrix,"The promise of a DK update lured me in early on, I waited till it was a bit more developed, but so far dissapointed - the pacing is terrible, the skirmish a complete button mash, the campaign a bit dull.Sadly I would not recommend this game."
76561198024706462,Not Recommended,230190,18017768,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mr Black,"Too combat focused, almost zero Dungeon Management involved.Very unbalanced, damage, gold and health values are all over the place.Too many unnecessary rooms, abilities and units.You end up grinding your creatures by being forced to send them into combat too early and non stop for most of the missions.I ended up just making a massive foundry every mission I could and building a ton of cannon defences, because I could repair them and they had a higher damage output than any creature army and could be set up faster.If you have not yet played Dungeon Keeper 2 you must its fantastic go to gog and buy and play that instead."
,Recommended,230190,9096017,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,alenfishman,"Clearly like overlord. alot like it, like slightly improoved from it. which is kinda lame because with how things look now adays youd imagine they would improve it a little... There is only one lvl, so that also sucks. the sandboxs are only to build everything. thats boring after 20 mins. im only giving this game a thumbs up because overlord was alot of fun. but this isn't a beta, its more an alpha. but thats my opinion."
,Recommended,230190,23276800,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bebo,Fun game
76561198022400064,Recommended,230190,15343488,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Findalflin,I love the game its alot of fun but it Is crashing alot. I recommend it for when it works but i hope it will get patched up soon.
,Not Recommended,230190,15423022,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,jaugust3,"This game, an obvious copycat of Dungeon Keeper (and that's not a bad thing), is very much like a disorienting disco where too many hallucinogens have throttled the experience from the mundane to the overwhelming. It's not that this game is bad. Actually, if they corrected a few mistakes, this game could be very cool. Unfortunately, the couple of problems that this game has makes for a disorienting and annoying experience.First, the color palette is inappropriate to the genre, and, additionally, it is distracting to they eye. Let's face it, dungeons are dark places that are lit by torches. Fluorescent greens, oranges, and yellows do not belong in dungeons, except in the rare circumstance where magic is present. Most of the time, dungeons are like dungeons. That is, they are cold, dark, and earthy. Just looking at this game for too long can burn your retinas. I advise against that.Second, the camera control is very limited. I want to be able to get a greater view of the happenings in my dungeon, dammit. Making me stay stay close in scope in relation to the goings on in my dungeon makes me dissatisfied. I'm the CEO of the dungeon, right? Shouldn't I be able to see the greater picture?Like I said. I don't think this is a bad game, but it lacks insight into the basic wants of the RTS gamer."
76561198041503001,Recommended,230190,15373395,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,seanthedon12,"Love this game, just what i needed!Only thing i can pick at is that your kinda limted to the amount of space you can extend your dungeon.Other then that 100/10"
76561197984696035,Not Recommended,230190,16883845,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TrueSgt Monkey,"This game is like the old dungeon keepers, but with only two forms of strategy. The only hope for the keeper is to attack or keep monsters around the heart by flagging the heart. Fortified walls can be broken through very easily (just by simply digging), and the AI constantly bum rushes the player. Also, most of the levels already have a pre-made dungeon for you. The game just throws you in and expects you to know what to do. Overall, this is a poor spiritual successor for the old dungeon keepers. Stay away from this game."
76561198036898045,Recommended,230190,15794723,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,roobyRoss,simply dk3
76561198006982756,Recommended,230190,15797219,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,scott.kenward,Love this game but unfortunatley the love isn't coming back to me and the game crahes are making it unplayable. Even crashes in sandbox mode now...
76561198030842544,Recommended,230190,15806288,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,petejohn,"Great game very fun, easy to pick up and enjoy. I dont know of any game that really combines RTS and God Games better than this."
76561198022723401,Not Recommended,230190,15781532,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Hippo,I bought this game Uninstalled and reinstalled 5 times and every time i just get black screen and this has never happend me before on any of my other games which are way harder for a computer to run and i looked it up on internet i am not the only one this bug has happened to so DO NOT BY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT WON'T WORK
76561198001254785,Not Recommended,230190,15777017,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,mikeyr87,"Fun Dungeon Keeper wannabe, but you tire easily.Also the game has waaaaay to many options with spells, traps, buildings, creations bla bla bla..."
76561198079623191,Recommended,230190,15631465,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SCP-049,"This game is possibly THE BEST Dungeon Keeper game to date. The game captures Dungeon Keeper in its best forms. You have all the things Dungeon Keeper had. Making the dungeon, imps, gold, the heroes, everything that you knew about Dungeon Keeper is in this game right here. This is an artfully crafted Dungeon Keeper game that brings the game back from the grave. If you LOVE Dungeon Keeper you will LOVE this game.Pros: Dungeon keeper (Duh)Cons:....T-theres water....Ok i havent played the game long but i already love it in the short time ive had it.Dungeon Keeper was a game i played as a child, im 19 now and i am loving this game. I definatly, DEFINATLY reccomend this game be bought by every single person on this Earth...Or be scentanced to the pitch black dungeon."
,Recommended,230190,15229413,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Crowley,"I am quite the fan of the DK series, I even play the mobile version from time to time. If you looking for a game that has the same flare as Dungeon Keeper, then this is the game for you. While there's been a few bugs with the launch, I am happy to see that the devs are working to resolve them in a speedy manner. I'm really looking forward to future dlc for this great game.  10/10"
76561197983154023,Recommended,230190,15187422,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mentally The Captain Hero Panda,Feels like a mix of Dungeonkeeper 1 and 2. (more monsters)It feels good and plays nice!  Sometimes just a bit unstabel (bugs/lag/frameratedrop)If it gets a bit more polish in the upcoming weeks it will be great!!I would reccomend if you love the genre (if new i would recomend trying DK2 first)
76561197981064929,Recommended,230190,15187464,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ShaggyMonster,"On release v1.0 the game is still unfinished/unpolished.  However as long as the Developers ""keep at it"", then it has the potential to become  a real classic and worthy follow on from the Dungeon Keeper genre.  Keep it up guys/gals ...!"
76561198001807994,Recommended,230190,15151046,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"I'm still waiting for the full release to come out to fully review this, but previously i had reviewed this as practically unplayable. as of the latest build .770 something, its quite functional, and fun. there are still some loose ends, but these are going to be worked out. what you have is a functional. fun, dungeon keeper inspired game that is even an improvement over the gameplay of the original dungeon keeper."
76561198049591407,Recommended,230190,15159998,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Adrac,"Well someone has finally done it. Bested the Dungeon Keeper game way back when. Down as my all time favourite game, playing WFTO has been a pleasure and brought back fond memories. The few levels i have played i can tell they have thought about the contect and new creatures are very funny. Well done guys I shall be recormending this to anyone i know who loved DK. Hope to see lots of DLC and or a continuation of this type of game."
,Not Recommended,230190,15829818,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,King of the Isopods,"The devs have admitted this game was released while it was still in early access condition and as of right now the game is very much unplayable due to this. To start with the UI is very slow, like 2-3 seconds slow. Leaving for some very choppy gameplay, ive reported this on the official forum and after a month there has still been no fix, ive since asked the devs again if anything will be done about this with no response, im guessing they have given up with this bug. During my play through of the game ive encountered around 40 to 60 crashes and as of right now I am still not able to get past level 7 due to game breaking bugs. I will update my review when they have fixed all of the game breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,230190,15846170,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,brandongill80,"crashed on the loading screen everytime i tried to play, tired solutions i found on the forums and till nothing was really looking forward to playing this game"
,Not Recommended,230190,15859924,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Simon,"This game while supposedly released is very VERY much still a beta product. It's riddled with bugs, ridiculously bad AI, objectives that wont complete.This game should not be out of early access at this point.If you do not wish to pay to beta test this game, with no guarantee of the release of a final game, do not buy it at this time. Think of this as an Early Access game - that is exactly what you get."
76561198189572214,Not Recommended,230190,15878419,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Archmage88,"cannot get this game to work, tried everything, It starts up and crashes on the loading screen."
76561198021820604,Not Recommended,230190,15880250,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Silverslide,"Disappointing, I know this is an indie project but when you sell it as the successor to Dungeon Keeper you hope for a bit more. The graphics are serviceable but lack some of the edge and charm of the original. The balance is super patchy - some levels feel too easy some levels hard in maddening ways. One example being a later level where you can chew throw two foes quickly only to find the third has an infinitely spawning group of high level forces, workers and mana - even with half of their base conquered!It feels like a competent update but the magic isn't there and the frustrations push it over to a no for me. Really I was looking for more than an update to the old game. Playing this after Keeper RL and having seen the trailers for Dungeon 2 also push me to think they really could have done more."
76561198010719242,Not Recommended,230190,15883210,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kagemusha,"The game had a lot of potential.It's horribly put together and is riddled with issues; AI pathfinding is atrocious and your minions are nigh on impossible to control. This wouldn't be a problem if this was a relaxing romp through the joys of building a dungeon and repelling would be invaders or seeking out objections in your own time.The crucial problem, and the deal breaker for me, is the excessive focus on speed and micro management that seems to underpin every aspect of this game. It's like somebody took Dungeon Keeper soul and flayed bits off of it and crammed it into a Starcraft tournament.I kept wanting to like this game but I cannot in good conscious recommend it. I am not enjoying it.The developers seem a good bunch and are dedicated to getting the game running as best it can but owing to the inherent game design issues I have with this game it wouldn't be enough.I may come back in a few months when it's actually finished."
,Recommended,230190,30626614,Posted: 19 March,all,Solar,It's Dungeon Keeper 3.Need I say more?
76561198086192209,Recommended,230190,25575597,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,☣1%☣ Bill Cosby,"Announcer: One Of Your Minions Demands To Go Mid Or He Will Feed! Dota 2 refrence! I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my self when i heard him say that.. But For my review I absolutly freaking love this game you guys, There is not one thing that i can find wrong with it Eh a couple bugs that i had to work around, but they were not game looseing bugs small ones that may have been annoying, BUY THIS GAME do not freaking wait"
,Recommended,230190,28870131,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eval,Horny speaks as a Player who loved DK (see profile picture) it would be a very hard act to follow.Well rest assured not only did they follow it they made it there own.Now the break down of the good and the bad.The good-SoundGraphicsLevel designMap editorReplayabilityThe Bad-Some lag on larger maps (save and restart game can fix this)The lvl7 to lvl8 bug (can be fixed see forum post about this) Fix in latest Patch Ty Dev for pointing this out :)To sum up this game has it all if you loved DK so slap your imp and send him off to the store to acquire this for you.Its good to be Bad
,Recommended,230190,28780949,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Darksilverhawk,"A few bugs and crashes still, but overall a solid successor to the DK games. I've been following the project since the early days, looking forward to it, but I ultimately held off due to its somewhat rocky release. The game in its current state is still a bit rough around the edges but pretty good. Management is a good balance between micro and macro and gives enough tools in both toolkits that neither gets tedious. Pacing is good in the levels and challenges are reasonable.The narrative is well-written and the characters are interesting, though the ending is atrocious. Still a worthwhile experience."
76561198004229004,Recommended,230190,15280778,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,NodeBoy,"With the last big patch, I can only recommend this game! Insanely fun for both newcomers and old DK players. Devs really care about the game and it's worth the price.10/10 would kill good heroes again."
76561198010996699,Recommended,230190,10139566,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Venomous Spyder,Dungeon Keeper reimagined for a new era of computing!!!
76561198048734774,Not Recommended,230190,15271095,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jessiklar,really buggy poor quality gaming experience and question the difficulty settings being right. wish i could get my money back dont waste your money on this!
,Not Recommended,230190,15266808,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,StealthyDead,"The game is laggy and glitchy.  The minimap is a pixelated mess.  Overall, not really all that fun and very time-consuming.  I wish I hadn't spent the money that I did on it.  The mouse is even an annoying hand.  I mean, do yourself a favor, and instead of playing through the levels on this where you really can't build your own dungeon (the campaign are all missions which tell you specifically what to do, and I can only assume the multiplayer would be even worse glitch-wise) and get something good like Command and Conquer if you're all about the overhead gameplay.  This leaves very little room for your own style of play, which is what really made it a negative for me.  I culd try to assume maybe it was my alienware that wasn't running to spec, but the glitches are numerous, it takes forever to load, the graphics leave something to be desired, etc.  It's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play, and when I go to attack with my minions and beasts, half of them don't pay attention to the rally flag, hich is another negative as you can only command your people to go to one place.  There is also no group selection or anything of the sort.  Either tell ALL of them to go HERE or leave them to their business.  This leaves no way to strategize about letting production continue and defend with certain minions, etc.  Overall, this is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game in my opinion, and a waste of time if you're looking for something that allows for real RTS."
76561198113852231,Not Recommended,230190,15264543,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,acevent1992,hello their can i just say what an excellent job you have done by portraying the dungeon keeper like game. the question i have to ask is when will war for the over world be playable for the mac os x Yosemite it has pretty much been unplayable from day one in 2013
,Recommended,230190,15423992,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ryry117,"Buy this game if it's on sale, it's the spiritual successor of dugeon keeper."
76561198033244301,Not Recommended,230190,25838256,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kentlord,"Kept crashing in the middle of fights. unable to continue further because of the crash, the crash also caused save files to disappear."
76561198052452191,Recommended,230190,25161171,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,asthyril,Fun game with some humorous comments by your minions.
,Recommended,230190,28925388,Posted: 1 January,all,PanZerWilli,"Why do people down vote this game? Seriously, this game is awesome and im really sad that i finished the game + addon. I played Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 for hundred of hours, they were my favourite childhood games. this game has still some nasty bugs and some issues but the game itself is a jewel which people didnt recognize yet. If u loved DK, than this game will be what u were looking for.In my opinion this game is better than DK for alot of reasons. Thank your very much for this game and i would love to see more of it <3"
76561198058288080,Recommended,230190,17128763,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Grobian Spalter,"If you ever liked Dungeon Keeper, this could be the long-awaited sequel to it.Its easy to see how enthusiastic and geeky the dev are. Even the Announcer has his black humor :)Graphics, sound and gameplay are as expected. even 5760x1080 is well playable.The Multiplayer easy to set up and as we saw bug free. As well as the rest of the game. Updates are frequent.Just go ahead and remember:""Its good to be bad"""
76561197990980295,Recommended,230190,17254955,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Faffy,"Gets quite a few things right by not changing the Dungeon Keeper core gameplay.""Skill Tree"" system seems to be a miss for me. Would rather that you were only able to choose a preset tree at the start (think selecting faction at the start, your possible room designs are fixed from there, then you gain your unique faction bonus), being able to develop all 3 at any one go is daunting initially, to say the least.Figuring out the skill tree leads to cookie cutter specializations (""I must get to X skill by 5th point, then ditch tree for skill Y by 10th point""). This is a miss for me.UI suffers from exactly the same problem as the original DK series. Hotkeys, spells, micromanagement are all problematics.Unable to describe this game as ""endlessly entertaining"" unlike DK2, yet. Multiplayer needs to be fixed up, more maps needed to be added, and overall the game needs a bit more polishing.Positive experience for the game, but there are shortcomings here and there that are not crippling, hoping for a content patch."
,Recommended,230190,19770451,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Timkat1994,A worthy successor to Dungeon Keeper.
76561197989994081,Recommended,230190,26275295,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,stickman898,pretty much leap frog's Dungeon Keeper II with updated graphics. Really fun game
76561197993570752,Recommended,230190,26717572,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,=(T)=™ Provost,Good Solid game for 30-50 hrs playtime.Looking forwards to DLC
,Recommended,230190,20871569,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,THICC BUTT,"They tok everything about DK2, made it better, fixed things and added more♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy this"
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,230190,15186390,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,realxavier,"Bugged and missing alot of functions.Minimap useless. Always rotate camera to default angle. After killing enemy dungeon heart fps drop to 2-3 (2-3 frame per second). No shortcust and silly monsters just roam around while shooted by cannons, ignoring passing by enemy and etc."
76561198028002483,Recommended,230190,23082531,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Quest,"Brings up a lot of memories of the days of DK1 and DK2. However as fun as it is, there seem to be lacking a charm that dk2 has with its creatures. Every creature was more unique and impactful.Good game nevertheless and great hearing the same narrator voice again."
76561198057720463,Recommended,230190,20472288,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,sayiajin.!,i like a lot
76561198058024082,Recommended,230190,34341819,Posted: 18 August,all,Sexy Wolverine,Dungeon Keeper brought me here. Such a great game
,Recommended,230190,30994021,Posted: 7 April,all,kecalcze,Good and funny game. I really enjoy the humor.
76561197970972661,Recommended,230190,31009453,Posted: 7 April,all,Baron Munchausen,"Finally, a worthy successor to the beloved Dungeon Keeper franchise."
,Recommended,230190,31189268,Posted: 16 April,all,Kristen1641,"If you loved Dungeon Keeper, then you will love this game. War for the Overworld is very similar to Dungeon Keeper that takes the very best aspects of the game.I played this game for hours and it kept me entertained. The challenge of the game varied from level to level, some seeming impossible to beat at times but this is the games way of forcing the player to try different strategies in order to win.I did observe a glitch on world twelve where for whatever reason even though I beat the three opponents it didn't register so I played for way longer then I should have before quitting. When I came back the next day to try again or restart the level, it triggered a win and the level finally ended.I hope that they release a sequel because this game is worth it."
,Recommended,230190,31191034,Posted: 16 April,all,Raz,"Go to bed, underlord..."
,Recommended,230190,31219389,Posted: 18 April,all,gRiNpUp,"Despite being a massive fan of the original Dungeon Keeper games, I decided to hold off on buying this game at release because of the mixed reviews it was getting, saying that it still wasn't finished etc. but eventually I gave in a bought the game a little while after Heart of Gold was released, and all I can say is that this is definately the spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper that I have always asked for.A lot of the the early problems that I saw have been fixed for the most part and there's is now plenty of content that has been added to the game to keep you coming back, and it suits all of the play styles. You have the main campaign which despite being relatively short, is good at introducing the new features of the games such as Sins, Beasts and Potions and such, and there are plenty of side objectives you can go through for repeat playthroughs to keep you going, same goes for the Heart of Gold campaign, which improves in a lot of ways on the original campaign.There are also the other game modes including Crucible, a survival styled mode where you have to fight against oncoming hoards of enemies. Skirmish for playing online and against AI. Sandbox for just having the freedom of building your dungeon. Also the recently added My Pet Dungeon mode which had taken the elements from the original Dungeon Keeper 2 game, and improved upon it by adding basically a small campaign with multiple maps and objectives to complete at your own time.Though this wouldn't go without a few faults with the game I feel there still are, though recently improved upon, I still find the possesion to be a little finicky when it comes to attacking enemies. Also there is a little bit of a lack of variety when it comes to creatures for your dungeon, but Crucible did help this by adding new varieties, and you can also convert a lot of the enemy hero units.Overall I'd say if you were a fan of the original game give this game a go, and even if you're interested in the genre try it out. Though it may not be for everyone I still had a great time and couldn't reccomend it more."
76561198064830574,Recommended,230190,30976819,Posted: 6 April,all,Lucifer999,"Well, I bought this game a few days ago and already have about 16 hours into it. So I am going to write this review from that standpoint.I played Dungeon Keeper 1 and loved it (tried 2 but for some reason it was really slow). I have no idea why EA never released another true dungeon keeper game, unless you call that travesty of a mobile game a true game.Anyway, this game is fantastic, you build your base with different rooms each serving different purposes. The game looks great and you really feel as if you are a god trying to build his base to crush an enemy.The only negative think I could say at the moment, is that as I build up my base, my game either slows down or freezes for a second before going back to normal, this makes it hard to actually control your alies in first person and attack who you want.The only thing else I could want is a random map generator, so that I could fight AI in a random map every single time, however I realize that would be a LOT of extra work for obvious reasons, so I am willing to give it a pass.So, are you ready to delve in overlord? Are you ready to crush your enemies under your book and slaughter your enemies. Well then overlord, buy this game!Edit: Playing some of the maps can be difficult. Normally the game works great, that is until an hour or two passes when yourve expanded your main base, unlocked more spaces to your dungeon, and added new rooms. This causes several dozen units to move around simutaniously and it really slows the game down. It gets to the point that on most scenario maps, I cant play anymore after 2-3 hours because when anything happens the game drops to less than 10 frames a second, making fights annoying, and making possessing a troop impossible."
,Recommended,230190,30998156,Posted: 7 April,all,narkius,"I loved Dungeon Keeper back in the days, so i got my hands on WftO recently. Cute little imps and monsters, but i fear the days of RTS are over for me. I did not really enjoy StarCraft 2 and it is similar here: It's all too hectic. Still thumbs up, because the game is well done, methinks."
,Recommended,230190,30981418,Posted: 6 April,all,Brakxel,"I played and loved the original Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 back in the day. War for the Overworld is my Dungeon Keeper 3. All the fun stuff of DK--quirky humor, slapping minions, torture chambers and more--with added features true to franchise.If you loved the original DK games, or just a fan of RTS games in general, War for the Overworld will be a fun and unique addition to your library."
,Recommended,230190,31145559,Posted: 14 April,all,Dragon2hand,"<3Love this game, reminds me of DK2. All i need is a DK2 reskin of this game and ill ♥♥♥♥ 10 buckets."
76561197998756264,Recommended,230190,30979997,Posted: 6 April,all,DSJDV,"I would rate this game 5 stars - But every not and then the UI freezes in Game, so that I have to pick up an earlyer save.Good thing is that it runs on graphics lower than the recommended minimum.My OS is ubuntu 16.10 with intel hd 3000 graphics"
76561198022563651,Recommended,230190,30986437,Posted: 6 April,all,Wesuwius,"If you liked Dungeon Keeper, you gonna love this game.BUT... is it worth 28 smackaroos? Hell no. Under 20 (actually 15) this game is great, but comoon devs. Don't be greedy.Also there were some bugs, but not disturbing ones."
,Recommended,230190,31262051,Posted: 20 April,all,Scully,It's an indy copy of Dungeon Keeper. Bought it on the sale and well worth it.
,Recommended,230190,31192676,Posted: 16 April,all,Mapachitli,"Fun game, plenty of content updates too!"
76561198037290321,Recommended,230190,31256159,Posted: 20 April,all,donkadoo,"Like the old game that I played as a kid, but much more fun and good looking and more content.Really recommend!"
76561198047267153,Recommended,230190,31256715,Posted: 20 April,all,Skolven,"I found the AI of this game makes micromanaging impossible. Its basically a starcraft (without the shortcut keys) where you got to not only feed your units, but keep them happy and always have to waste time looking for them since they wander and its impossible to control them (outside of your floors).I ended up deciding to not continue play after not even 10 hours since goal is mostly always to destroy one or many buildings and the objectives wether single or multiplayer is to destroy the ""core"" of a player and didn't felt like playing a mix of moba and starcraft spamming a building with units.Altough I was tempted by the customizeable tree of upgrades and its various units, I just can't keep up with the gameplay, just my first missions took me around an hour or two each to do since there are so much elements and mechanics in them constantly tossed you while trying to make the campaign itself, that I lost one or two games trying to master basic mechanics and new units.I'd say its probably an incredibly good strategy game once you get the hang of it, but I'm not too fond of the genre myself and just wanted to have a better look at it.Any fan of strategy game and classic RPG elements will be pleased with this title, its a good one, just not for me."
,Recommended,230190,31276786,Posted: 21 April,all,[DNR] Kinichie,"This is a Spiritual Sequel to the old Bullfrog Dungeon Keeper. And much like Supreme Commander was a spiritual sequence to Total Annihilation, it brings new things to the table. If you are wondering ""Is it really Dungeon Keeper 3"". The answer essentially is yes. In everything but the name, this is THAT GAME and it is Glorious."
76561198001933760,Recommended,230190,31280105,Posted: 21 April,all,drexenus,I really was hoping for a game just like the original Dungeon Keeper series and boy did this company deliver! I have played several Dungeon Keeper type games since the original and none of them felt quite right until I found War for the Overworld. This is seriously one of the best indie games out there! I cannot recommend it enough!
76561198063329833,Recommended,230190,16641519,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,punkboy_sp,So far it a great game love it but am haveing a problome with the campaing missions 11)Desperate power keep crushing on me when i cast the minion spell witch bits so close beating the game fingers i get stick on that one wish someone can fix it for me.
,Recommended,230190,16636632,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skullkrusher,"Bought this game ~1 year ago while it was in early release. Fired it up today and had my mind blown at how extensive the progress on it has been. Graphics are looking great, UI has improved a great deal, and gameplay mechanics are smooth, interesting, and fun. This truely is the Dungeon Keeper successor Ive been praying for. Its good to be bad."
76561198045338386,Recommended,230190,16683391,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bierbaron,The DK successor i always wanted
76561198053825889,Recommended,230190,33604712,Posted: 17 July,all,Visdagon,"Loved DK, this felt like DK3. This game does that series justice, and in most ways surpasses it. I do miss things like having to sometimes work on converting enemies via healing to keep them alive during their 'servicing'. Would like to see better mechanics for reading the bio of a minion rather than having to chase them around with the mouse to read in small second slices. The negatives are small quirky things, like not being able to spin golden statues. Whenever I go to exit the game it crashes, but I was already done so its kinda irrelevant. Thank you Brightrock, I look forward to seeing what you do with this title or a sequel.Double Rainbow""What does it mean?"""
,Recommended,230190,28397693,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Greniewicki,"I bought this on a deal, I'm 8 hours in and I love it. Bit of a learning curve beyond the tutorial, but well worth it.I'm not even done with the campaign yet and have yet to touch other modes or multiplayer.I also recently read the story behind the development team, of their mistakes and how the owned up to them. I can see how the actively watch and respond on all forms of media about the game still and that's a hard thing to find. I plan on supporting the company with their future developments if they continue to show the kind of dedication they show here."
76561197999057238,Recommended,230190,15230406,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,LordSutter,"Update:Updates happened, and I can now play the game. So far, it's a lot of fun, some bugs to be ironed out but what's there is playable, looks good, sounds good and is pretty cool.Old review:I'm yet to even play this game, it crashes my whole computer. I don't want to rick trying to start it up any longer. The dev team ask for patience with all the bugs etc, which would be fine if they were honest and released this as an early access."
76561197982727216,Recommended,230190,31053406,Posted: 9 April,all,alanisman1,"As an avid Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 fan, I am confident in reporting that this is the best modern successor to the classic franchise.  This game is packed full of content, unlockables, modes, options, and fun!  I can't think of a single critical thing that DK 1 & 2 offers that this game doesn't cover.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!PROS+ Overflowing with modes, options, unlockables and content+ Great graphics, sounds, controls and interface+ Tons of rooms, monsters, potions, spells, traps, enemies, secrets, etc!+ Lots of humor and charm+ Developer's love and reverence to DK 1 & 2 is clearly evident+ Very fun and replayableCONS- Game tends to lag when lots of creatures populate dungeon- Some rooms, creatures and spells are not clearly explained- Lots of DLC feels like a cash sink (but are mostly worth the $)- No random dungeons (but plenty of memorable, pre-made maps)"
76561198189775318,Recommended,230190,15698980,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,christopherblair120389,ye i liked the game but there are alot of bugs
76561198043377428,Recommended,230190,20446357,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,mke1,"Dungeon Keeper rises from the grave!!! It was an ""Early-Access-Game"" with no disappointement. I really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,230190,15696703,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Left Twix,Always a sad day when sandbox shuts down the game :(
76561197972473550,Recommended,230190,25429723,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ExiZ,dungeon keeper true
,Recommended,230190,25711052,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Val_Thir13en,Fee;s like old school dungeon keeper but poorly optimized. Game lags when dungeon gets too big
76561198031332721,Recommended,230190,19448223,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cadith,Do you like dungeon keeper?
76561198087371762,Recommended,230190,23819140,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,konradend,"This game is what I've been looking for after they have discontinued Dungeon Keeper series. After playin a few hours into it I really enjoy this game. It has the same ""features"" as Dungeon Keeper, which I've loved there.This game is really good RTS, where you can manage your own dungeon and if you like you can play FPS like with one of your minion."
,Recommended,230190,29792992,Posted: 8 February,all,KakerMix,Dungeon Keeper is back. Excellent.
76561198078750897,Recommended,230190,29776858,Posted: 7 February,all,tomorrow,awesome game with the old DK feel to it!
76561197996176206,Recommended,230190,17528989,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ENVY,Dungeon Keeper 3Too bad they've visually changes several units.Eating tiny chickens was much more cruel than piglets8 Imps of 10
,Recommended,230190,17420927,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dead2,"Really good game. Very similar to the original, but modern and still just as fun."
,Not Recommended,230190,20128097,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,galford13x,"This game could be ok, however, the controls are seriously lacking.  Simple things like controlling and keeping track of your minions are difficult if not impossible.The camera is too close to the ground imo preventing a decent god's eye view (Your are a god or demon lord right?)Some of this could easily be fixed by adding a way to view warbands and who is in them.  The mechanics of how the warbands work and rally points work is not obvious.I like the concept and want to like the game, but after playing for a few hours, I can't get into it due to the chaos of attempting to manage my army."
,Recommended,230190,28397350,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,WizChip,"3/14/2017 - Updated review - changed to positive as the game has the ability to teach and is very fun once you figure everything out.  Very similar to the original game in many ways.Old negative review -Talk about a game that has VERY LITTLE to teach you what is going on.  No to little instructions. Good luck trying to figure this game out.  Guess it's time to dig the internet and watch lame videos to figure this lame instructions.  DEVELOPERS, next time put a little more effor into teaching us what is going on.  What is everything?  Lame job on training."
,Recommended,230190,27037762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmy Jam Jangles,A fantastic game buried under a few bugs and minor visual glitches. If you love Dugeon Keeper or games of that ilk this is a must own.
,Recommended,230190,15211666,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Laslon,"Although there is still a bit of polishing, and yes the UI does need improving, any lover of dungeon keeper will love this game. It has the same dark comic feel to it and the voice over is sublime. This is a really good game that doesn't quite deserve the flack it is getting, maybe it did release a tiny bit early but most of the games these days do.I'd be happy for them to just mess around with the UI to make it a little less combersome and I'd give this 5 stars. :)"
76561197994474384,Recommended,230190,34205959,Posted: 12 August,all,FadePanther,"I would like to start with the fact that I bought the Anniversary Collection.That is out of the way this is the spiritual successor to the old game Dungeon Keeper. As in the first one.That said I truly think that if you liked that game you will love this game.However if you didn't like Dungeon Keeper or even know what that is then keep reading.This is a game where you have no bodyas in a god gameand must meet the goals of the current map. Whatever that might be. As you can imagine you don't fully control any of your units or workers. Don't let that fool you though as the amount of control over your dungeon is high.You can even take control over one worker or unit in your employ with a spell.The campaign does a good job in teaching you the basic use of the functions of the game.The narrator is just awesome to listen to as he has the ""in control evil"" vibe down.Bottom line if you like a god game where you are a bad guy trying to rule the world then this is the game for you. If you don't like slowish game play or a lot of managing or being the bad guy, this game will just not click with you.If you want to see the first tutorial mission as well as the first ""real"" mission I did those on my channel go take a look before you buy to see what I mean about the things I said above.War for the OVerworld Playlist"
76561197993157082,Recommended,230190,35418771,Posted: 2 October,all,aichouse,Not as good as the origional but vey fun nontheless
,Recommended,230190,14046784,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SHALE,"Well, very less contents are playable in this early access, but seems it has huge potential, too much things need to be finish, very doubt they can release a full version at Feburay 2015."
,Recommended,230190,28485293,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wolfram89,Was fun to play. I had some issues with the dialogue but apart from that it was a very good game.
76561197998881490,Recommended,230190,28347838,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,nerd.o.love,A great game but requires quite a bit of macro and micro management. I realize for most this is a selling point.
,Recommended,230190,32391100,Posted: 13 June,all,MindFlaw,Currently the best way to relive the Dungeon Keeper magic of old.
,Recommended,230190,23931718,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shadix,The wait is over. Its here. Finally...Dungeon Keeper 3....
,Not Recommended,230190,17538581,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Nidhoegger,Still has many Bugs. More Beta than Stable...
76561198057079442,Not Recommended,230190,15175047,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,gnagno,"could have been a very good game, the idea is wonderfull the realization is awfull, they launched and nothing works, so many bugs it is virtually unplayable, i really don't understand why to rush so much things when you are not ready.The game freezes in campaigns, crashes in skirmishes the pointer is never wheere the click is, and often disappears, really as of now this game is not worth 1$"
76561198016880157,Not Recommended,230190,16096039,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Riik,"Dungeon Keeper 2. The game that captivated the attention of many a gamer and left a solid mark in their minds for all eternity. It was a game that left a monument difficult to match - with a fun campaign, great pacing and truck loads of charm. With its sequel cancelled and EA hogging the rights, people waited and waited for a spiritual successor.So in came War for the Overworld. A game promising to be Dungeon Keeper without being Dungeon keeper. You've got your rooms, your dungeon heart, your minions, your imps... everything is there. Traps, doors, spells, gold... and a deviously evil yet satisfyingly supportive advisor. The charm is there. The atmosphere is there... but one can't help but feel like... something is missing.Gameplay just seems... lacking. The pacing feels all... wrong. The campaign feels a little offly-paced and building up your own dungeon feels... a little unsatisfying. Minions seem less... personal than in Dungeon Keeper as well. You don't get the 'oh look, there's one of my goblins having a good time with a rogue!' feeling you get with DK2... nor do you have the urge to take control of one of your favourite minions to do scouting, fighting or just exploring your dungeon. Your troops feel more like... insignificant insects. Foot-soldiers.So just what is missing? The game has the content. It has the charm. It has the atmosphere... but it just doesn't have the soul. And until it captures that soul... I dunno... I just don't feel satisfaction from playing...I'm going to have to thumb this one down, as much as I really don't want want to. Because it's a game that has huge potential."
76561198004057734,Not Recommended,230190,15177544,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Button Mash,"Its glitchy, its buggy, and even at the lowest graphic settings, the frame rates chugs along like a steam boat. Not uncommon for the game to freeze for a few seconds after you click and drag to mine or build a new room, which given its Dungeon management play style, gameplay is OH so enjoyable.Also, spells crash the game. Never been able to cast one. Every time I select a spell and cast, the game freezes. And then crashes.Whatever 'update' you had me download, it messed up an already buggy game. Its somehow worse in full release than it was in early access.Save yourself the trouble and get Dungeon Keeper 2 off GOG or something."
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,230190,15231139,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Elmberry,"You will probably like this game if...1. ... you like lots of bugs. Even if it's released it's no where finished.2. ... you don't like to build square like nice room, because it's impenetradable stones everywhere so your dungeon looks like crap.3. ... you prefer a rush game instead of where you manage a dungeon and can in calm plan and attack your enemy and build a nice dungeon.4. ... you like when enemy NPC spam your dungeon with lots of mobs. It looks the enemy lord have endless money and units.Is that fun? If you like these mechanism I recommend you to buy this game. It doesn't feel like a sequel to Dungeon Keeper 2."
76561197964957770,Not Recommended,230190,15370361,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Noctem,"As much as I looked forward to this game for ages, and would like nothing more than to give this a positive review...I can't.It's just a hollow shadow of what Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 were.  There's no character to it.  No real in-depth anything.  In DK2, I felt like I knew each and every one of my minions during a mission.  Felt like each one was their own unique person and I knew all their strengths and weaknesses.  In this...I just chop out large rooms, slap down stuff, and drop a battle-flag on the enemy room until it dies.  I could just tab out and win doing that.  There's no real strategy.  ""Build a bunch of traps, then drop a flag down and wait"".  This is not fun.  This is tedious, boring and disapointing.DK2 had style.  I can still remember certain key missions that were just so memorable because of how amazing they were.  Like the one where you use the hidden doors to slowly take over a hero fortress from within.  This game...all of the maps are the same thing over and over.  ""Get a bunch of faceless minions (doesn't really matter which ones, just get a bunch!) and drop a flag where you want things to die, then surf the internet on your phone until you win.The only memorable map so far I've had so far was memorable because of how stupid the gimmick was.  You don't get to build a dungeon (which is what the whole damn game should be about...).  You get 4 necromancers AND JUST LEAD THEM AROUND THE MAP WITH ♥♥♥♥ING FLAGS UNTIL EVERYTHING DIES!  There's no skill, there's no difficulty.  Just a long tedious slog through the map until you have enough skeletons with them to swarm the end room.  Tonnes of gimmicky unbreakable doors to make it so you have to literally slog all the way around the map all over the place, and all it does is stretch out the time it takes to finish, and not for any good reason.I'm going to go play DK2 again.  Horny's calling."
,Not Recommended,230190,15198149,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,lupushonus,"In it's current state, it maybe should have been released on April 1st.  Too many game breaking bugs to be playable."
76561197999364786,Not Recommended,230190,15218764,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kamicarden,"*EDITED* 15/9-2015I still really want to love this game because of what it wants to achieve, but instead i find myself in an unhealthy and abusive relationship with a game that constantly rapes my hopes and dreams. I start it up every now and then and try my best to find the spirit of the dungeon keeper series but it simply isn't there. The campaign seems like something that the developers just wanted done quickly. Every level is about rushing. There's no planning, no lovingly construction of your dungeon, no clever use of traps or spells. Only; get creatures -> plant rally flag -> win level -> repeat. And it really sucks because of all the other work the developers has put in this game. It overflows with GREAT ideas, AWESOME effects and simply a cornucopia of tools that beckons your inner evil overlord to come out and play. BUT HE IS BLUEBALLED EVERYTIME BY THAT FEKKIN RUSH MENTALITY!!!!As a bonus, your ""home realm"" in the campaing still suffers from a bug that teleports your creatures to the bottom left corner of the map, making them unable to be picked up, and makes the level inacessible when you try to re enter the level.___________________________________________________________________________________*Old review*To many bugs, i am currently unable to complete lvl 4 due to the game CONSTANTLY crashing and making savegames corrupted...I backed this game in the very early bedrock beta. Loved the ideas it had. Loved the potential. And in all fairness, the developers did a great job to carry on the spirit of the GREAT dungeon keeper.HOWEVER!!!!! Why on EARTH! would you leave the level design to a guy with utter and complete claustrophobia!? The levels does in NO way encourage dungeon building as much as it promotes a kind of shabby colony expansion on islands where every ""room"" (if you will waver your every definition of what constitutes a room) has its location and usefulness pre deciced FOR you by the shear lack of land to develop on.Furthermore...whats the use for reinforced walls in your dungeon when a normal dwarf can plow through it in seconds with NO way to save it...I would love to see this game ressurect my favourite game of all time, but first the game has to be playable..."
76561198039284099,Not Recommended,230190,15248056,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Evil Cheese: Oh so Cheesey,"I think i have had enough of these games about being a dungeon master, i think i should just find another genre i can waste money on instead.And rember kids, always pre-purchase in the alpha to get the dlc extra of a single different skin to your character that will be out modded when the 2nd dlc arrives, and then 3rd, 4th, by the time the 5th comes around the cow will be milked to death."
76561198036994018,Not Recommended,230190,28728174,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kaskoril,"Game crashes on startup 19 out of 20 times trying.  Once, or if, you can get it started it is a good game but getting it started just isn't worth it."
,Recommended,230190,15170620,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The Big Daddy,Cool game! Love it and recomend it to ua all.
,Not Recommended,230190,15345942,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lime11,"Although the concept for this game is brilliant and the writing is suprising good the unfathomable nuber of glitches, bugs and stupid AI mistakes make this game nearly intorreable. If this game ever fixes at least most of is bugs, then it would be a denfinite recommend. But since the devs have clearly over complicated their own code, I doubt such a time will ever come.If you must own it (I mean, nostalgia overload), wait for it to be at least 40% off. It's way to broken for full price, even though early acesse is done."
,Not Recommended,230190,15258647,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,KillerM,"Not recommended at its current state. The game is too buggy and feels like an alpha build, with plenty of text that should be used for debugging purposes but has no meaning to the player. Also a huge memory leak issue makes the game unplayable if you play for too long.The game itself is exactly like Dungeon Keeper, which is good since the official Dungeon Keeper became complete crap on mobile.I had lots of fun playing, and will change the review if the bugs are fixed."
,Not Recommended,230190,28408325,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,xWulf,"Looks good at a first glance. Unfortunately can´t keep up with classic Dungeon Keeper.It´s annoyingly complex. Too many spells, upgrades, warbands, etc.If they had just made a modern clone of Dungeon Keeper this could have been great.But they tried to ""improve"" it by adding unnecessary features. The result is a mess..."
76561198028438355,Not Recommended,230190,20413953,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mr.Rooster,"Game is ""released"", still plenty of bugs, the more the campain advance it's only zerg rush and if you can't win in less than 15 min on some mission you simply cannot win, like mission 12 on 13 is you starting with a super mana regen and 3 enemies with a full built base attacking you while you have nothing to start with and then they spam you with unit, it's not strategy, its simply spamming unit and sending whater you can throw."
76561198031534901,Not Recommended,230190,15205619,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Overrun,As it is now .Big disappointment. Will come back to see if it has improved any in a couple of months...Sad I could have spent my $27 on another game.
76561197993667340,Not Recommended,230190,15185160,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,McYUKi,Buggy.and most features not enabled or partially enabled (read as buggy)best wait for your DK fix till this is finished.Not been able to click on tabs since release still unplayable.
,Not Recommended,230190,15179946,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,A Bear,"I very much enjoy games like this, but War for the overworld just isn't complete in it's current state to be called fully released.  Playing this game is very confusing and most likely difficult for many people to learn.  The menus all look as though they were unfinished and many chunks of the game say it will be released later and that the gamemode will be buggy.  Theres just so many things about this game that make it impossible for one to enjoy, indeed it looks nice but the gameplay is terrible and NOT like Dungeon Keepers and many other games of it's genre.  If you want to see for yourself how bad it is, feel free, but it is not a GOOD purchase."
76561198180308095,Not Recommended,230190,15194006,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ruffmaestro,"Plain and simple reason as to why you shouldn't play this game is that it isn't really finished.Minimap is useless.Constantly spams the units are under attack message.Countless bugs, (like minions never attacking).Difficulty spikes. The difficulty of each level in the campaign is either far too easy to be fun or borderline impossible to achieve.Torture chambers do not work.Certain rooms don't seem to function properly (beast lairs sometimes don't spawn monsters)Enemy mobs seem to be either killed far too quickly (rendering them pointless), or are far too powerful (making them frustrating to fight). The balence never seems to be fun.Games options menu is useless.Game performs poorly even when set to minimum graphics settings on a pc that really should be able to handle it.If you, like me, are stupid enough to buy this game in it's current state, then you are in for a massive let down.Give your money to a game developer who actually deserves it by not releasing unfinished games."
,Not Recommended,230190,21808339,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sithious,"What to say about this one? well I can't really say I was too disappointed by this game because it is the true Dungeon Keeper successor and I was never able to play that game due to it being too old and too finicky with modern systems to get running but I really wasn’t impressed by anything in this game either. It has good intentions but it's really not all that interesting, even going along the campaign and unlocking new abilities, traps and room types the game never got more exciting than the 'oh yay new dungeon management game, im sure this will be good!' thrill at the start.Here are categories on why I was barely able to enjoy the game:Storyline: 3/10What storyline? It's so bland and forgettable I'm pretty sure it's there so the devs could say 'we made a storyline!'. I can sum it in afew sentences. Your evil and stuff, you get betrayed by alot of other evil people you have kill on the way to the top, once you kill all forces of good and become the most evil dungeon lord you get betrayed in a very obvious way you could have predicted way ahead of time and poof game done, yep… seat clenching. It is a shame because surely someone can think of a neat storyline for an evil dungeon lord coming from the bottom all the way to the top of the world? Even if it was taken non seriously like a joke, “They made fun of your really cool hat, knocked over your letter box and keep killing your zombie collection for fun, they must pay!” might have been better. Meh, not a big gripe for a game like this but it never really feels like I have any incentive to killing all these 'good' characters and ruining their world other then, your bad mkay? kill stuff cas the game gives you no other options, ugh. What did they look at me wrong? call my mum a bad name? Not put the toilet seat down?! Why do I hate them to the point of torturing them!? The game never explains that, if it even could, it's not very fulfilling at all and it just made me want to end the game as quick as possible.Campaign: 4/10It took me barely 8 to 10 hours to get done, not alot of depth, not alot variety, a very linear experience from one click spot to the next, I don't know what more to say about this that wouldn’t repeat the storyline section, with no engaging storyline to follow the campaign felt pretty bland and meaningless. I was only doing it to get my monies worth out of the game about half way in and it just left me so unsatisfied at the end I ditched the game right after finishing it and never plan to come back to that waste of time and effort. If you’re looking for an amazing single player experience in this I’m sorry look somewhere else...Graphics and Visuals: 3/10Oh boy is this a major gripe. This must have been made on an old Unity engine cas as far as advancing gaming graphics goes it looks terribad, and I really wish I was exaggerating. Great models and textures but not the right game engine to show them off in! Even the lighting in this is nothing special, there is no real visual evidence that your dungeon is as evil ,dark and monster filled underground hell as it is supposed to be, I was never really fully immersed by it and that's such a disappointment. Oh yea and don't even get me started on the joke of an anti-aliasing option... it's either have sharp visuals with jaggies for days or mega FXAA that blurs the whole game to such a degree you can barely make out the details of a single object or texture *shudders*. Just, no, if you appreciate graphics like me you will have a depressing time here, again all this is to blame for the crappy Unity engine they chose.Performance: 2/10Performance, oh boy! You can imagine a game that's not open world with not much going on and poor visual fidelity will run great right? Well no, not at all, no hopes, again the Unity engine strikes to make this game run dreadfully on my gtx980 with 16gbs of RAM semi top of the range rig. On the last few missions my frame rate got down to a solid 12! I crap you not, 12!! If I was lucky I got 17 fps. With no optimization to be heard of this game will run like the alternative name for a donkey as soon as your dungeon gets to any decent size. I could have turned down the graphics maybe, but it already looked bad enough with no blurry AA on I didn't dare try, and on a gtx 980 why the heck should I have to?! Top of the line graphics cards aren't cheap for a reason right?Variety: 7/10Moving off the biggest gripes, the variety is pretty good, a large range of different room types which also equal a different minion type for most of them, spells, traps, side powers you can call on to help you out abit and even little ease of life constructs. The enemy sends you a decent variety of enemies to annihilate and you even fight other underlords at afew points, this is all great, if it weren't for the insanely boring combat that you have to endure with to progress...Combat: 3/10About all you can do is possession control a minion for some FPS interesting involvement but that gets boring quick due to a single minion never being able to make that much difference even while played by you. The only other thing you can do to help combat is the healing and rage spells and zapping enemies with lightning if they go on any of your territory and slip by, other than that it's just misc helpful spells to run the dungeon and spamming the attack banner around so your stupid minions actually move and attack everything else, nothing goes much deeper than that. Maybe I wasn’t being creative or was missing something? But I doubt it because I tried everything I was given, waiting for a crud ton of minions to spam then just blob charging them at the enemy was the only thing that seemed to work so I went with it for the whole campaign, not very engaging. =/CONCLUSION: Total 4/10I guess after all that the only final conclusion can be... don't waste your time and effort on this, really just don't. This is quite frankly the most boring dungeon management game I’ve played so far, it does nothing new from Dungeon 1, Dungeon 2 and Impire, I can actually say that Dungeon 2 is more fun purely because of interesting mechanics and a playable dungeon lord that always gives you something to do! This game however will consistently show you how bland an unengaging, unsatisfying management game can be. Other than building 5x5 basic 'blocked' rooms and doing some spells and building traps I never really felt like I had any reason to be in this game 'helping'. A disappointing shame but it happens, bad engine and not enough thought and depth put in by the devs. Even the management in Overlord 2 was cooler lol, the minions in that game had personality and where so loveably evil and fun.Buy this when it's majorly on sale if you really want or find something else because this really is a hit and miss for me and mind you I have played every dungeon management game I have found so far so hopefully everything I said holds enough water for you to believe me, because this review is in -your- interests.Thanks for reading, game smart, game on."
76561198036713503,Not Recommended,230190,15235456,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,happyscrub,"Game is supposed to be a dungeon/city management game but focuses so heavily on combat that it plays like an RTS. The problem is that the combat of this game sucks greatly compared to real RTS games. Add in the fact that the game favors ""zerg rush"" tactics that it makes the base management part of the game useless.So you are left with a horrible RTS game with base parts as aesthetics"
76561198014946264,Not Recommended,230190,28382666,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Old Man,"Minions won't follow banner, you have to drag them one by one while getting attacked... tedious"
,Recommended,230190,32200228,Posted: 5 June,all,vice1337,"Really good and fun game, i recommend getting the my pet dungeon and Heart of Gold dlc's too"
,Recommended,230190,34824846,Posted: 8 September,all,Scott,I want Richard Ridings to read me bedtime stories
,Recommended,230190,8046082,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pratusion,"This is almost a carbon copy of Dungeon Keeper, right down the wall graphics and minions.  It was a fun game that i enjoyed in the past, so for nostalgia it's cute.  Sad that almost nothing has changed, if it's under 10 pick it up, if over it's def not worth it."
76561197996930475,Not Recommended,230190,15364083,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Pruppets,"Love the concept of course. The art style is something I am really into as well. I am super stoked about them fixing this game and making it playable. As of now, I am way over the recommended specs and this game drags my FPS down to less than one. I have lowered every video setting provided to the minimums and it is still unplayable beyond the third stage (where the map gets slightly larger and their are more minions on screen).I feel as though I very much wasted my money and hope that this becomes a better product in the future. I am disappointed that they released the game in this state and especially disappointed in myself for not heeding the warnings of other reviewers and players."
76561198015649972,Not Recommended,230190,15365197,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zed,im split 1 this game is really fun but it is also broken as all hell the screens take forever to load it crashes half the time and the minons get stuck in walls more times then i can count that being said when it does work it is super fun to fight ai and others in minon on minon actionthis game really feels like a beta i payed full price for and im not happy bout that
76561197997750211,Not Recommended,230190,15404180,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,devinst.clair,"I want to love this game since I loved the Dungeon Keeper series, but I just can't right now. Even with several updates and some patches the game in more resource intensive than much higher end/graphics intensive games. I mean when the mouse cursor can't even be in real time there are MAJOR issues. The game used to crash a lot, now it seems it gets so slow it might as well be crashed. Sometimes I have to wait a minute to move the camera view or accurately click on a block. So until I can play with game reasonably I without a posative review. By the way, I have a new Dell XPS with an i7 processor, 16G of RAM, and a good laptop grade Nvidia chipset that isn't running anything else in the background. I have played games with much higher end graphics with other applications running in the background without an issue numerous times, even games with large numbers of active ai units (RTS games). I feel like the game was release WAY before it should have been, there are major issues. PLEASE FIX THIS GAME! I must love this game."
,Not Recommended,230190,15623839,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ultrakorne,There are early-pre-alpha games in a more polished state than this right now.
,Recommended,230190,15194622,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Earunder,"I'm enoying the game and yes there maybe some issues but it's not un-playable.  It's given me 2 - maybe 3 hours? of fun already.  I started it earlier for about 30 minutes and steamed through level 1 and started 2 before I went for dinner tonight.  Came back on about 4 hours later and the DEVS had already released patches for known issues they have encountered.  Some may see this as a negative but if they are patching quickly, listening to the forum and answering promptly I can only applaud them and back them by writing this positive review.The Games State:-It is no where near un-playable as some fickle people are suggesting.  It is entirely playable.Yes the mini map is frustrating with the locater beacon not being great but the maps are quite small so it shouldn't take you long to figure out where your getting attacked.  I'm sure the mini map fix will be released within the next day or so, no biggy from my point of view.I'm pleased I bought the game as it makes a nice change from the norm.  Good Game so far, well done to the DEVS for the quick patches."
,Not Recommended,230190,15271286,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,echoshifting,"Never should have left early access/alpha. Frankly, the game is a mess and the further you dig into it the more that mess reveals itself. I can't finish a level without the darn thing freezing up.Also a lot of the additions to what is basically a remake of Dungeon Keeper 2 don't hold up. I don't know why I need to have to manage spells, rituals, constructs, potions, artifacts...the list goes on. There's just too much bloat; I don't think it will ever be a very good game. I'm still drawn to it because it's the closest we're gonna get to DK3 but the designers should have put more thought into how much these fiddly bits impact the game experience, and they should have squashed a few hundred more bugs before they pushed this out as a release game. War for the Overworld is the perfect example of what's wrong with Steam right now: supposedly a love letter to a lost genre, but with nothing of value to actually add to that conversation...and a willigness to fleece people with an unfinished game. Avoid."
,Recommended,230190,15310435,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ogresav,"This game is what Dungeon Keeper 3 could have been, and I mean that in the best way. They are adding new things to the game such as rituals, and they don't take away from the gameplay in any form. I have high hopes for this game once it's fully released.It's playable as is if you don't mind skirmishes, but the campaign and balance might need some serious balancing and tweaking. The functionality is all there though."
,Recommended,230190,15299604,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,timbone86,"I have waited a very long time for a new Dungeon Keeper game. A game that I did not ever get. I was so happy to see the video of Dungeon Keeper 3 in the copy of DK2 I had. I waited and waited and it never came. So I came to terms with that I would never play a game that awesome ever again. Then one day, I came across this game. I was in shock and awe. I couldn't believe it, a spiritural successor to Dungeon Keeper. I know I had the time to play the Beta but I never got it because I wanted to wait. I wanted to experience this game in full when it was done. So I avoided buying the beta and I did my best to avoid any news about the charcters in the game because I wanted to be surprised by it. I just got it a couple of hours ago and I am beyond happy with this game. This IS Dungeon Keeper. The narrator, the ability to slap your minioins. Everything about it screams Dungeon Keeper. I love every second of this game. I need to put more hours into it when I get some free time but you better believe I am going to play this game until my hands fall off. Even then I will play this game with my feet. I am happy that I waited on this game and I am happy with the results. The game has that dark humor like good old Dungeon Keeper. It has everything that I  loved about DK and I am beyond thrilled that it is this awesome. If you loved Dungeon Keeper in the past buy this game. If you've never played DK this is a good game to start off. The only thing I can say about this game is remotely bad is thatt I want more. More of everything. That isn't the creators fault, its just my lust for this game.  I wish I could meet the developers and throw my money at them in real life. Thank you creators. Thank you for picking up a game style that hasn't been really played in a long time."
,Recommended,230190,15194358,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fortigan,"This game is a perfect spiritual successor to the origional Dungeon Keeper series.  It is more fun than I ever could have dreamed of.  If you have ever wanted to play evil, dig out and design your own dungeon, rally together dark minions to your cause, and wreak havoc on your enemies, then this is the game for you.  This is a game I would easily pay $50 for and it's a bargain at $30.  I would recommend for anyone who is even remotely interested in Real Time Strategy games to purchase this gem of a title."
76561197961143383,Recommended,230190,15196961,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spore,This game is great! Exactly what I wanted out of a Dungeo Keeper like game!
76561197966617494,Not Recommended,230190,15295276,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Shakespearicles,potential lost due to unoptimized engine. becomes unplayable after a while: gradually decreases to 1fps.
,Not Recommended,230190,15283190,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Areckahn,This game just isn't finished.Far too many crashes and instabilities for a full relase product.
76561198145549541,Not Recommended,230190,15295107,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,redd.mao,"Don't buy it YET!!The game is fun, honestly fun. However, it is unplayable at the moment. The game keeps crashing on me.I crash twice within minutes on my first play and now it would crash within minutes of launching. I have not been able to play a full campaign because it will crash right before I win or kick me off right as the campaign starts. In skirmish mode I can't even get to the game before it kicks me off.I don't think it is my computer since it runs Farcry 4 and Skyrim (with dozens of mods) fine with no lags. But I lag like nobody's business. On the second campaign my game will freeze up 10 seconds when my minions engage the enemy. It's great when it works, but right now it just isn't working."
76561197993696743,Not Recommended,230190,21987489,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,scwMortise,"As others have said, this is a buggy but charesmatic attempt at recreating the dungeon keeper franchise but even with so many parts completely ripped from the original, the core of the game isn't polished well enough to make it a truely enjoyable experience. I regularly found that functiosn and buttons just stopped working all together and continually had to reload games to fix this."
76561198106252300,Not Recommended,230190,18141601,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Burstons got sqaure testicles,"I've been waiting for this came for a long time, I even sat steady and waited after the terrible reviews of the early access to ensure my experience would be untainted, and it is safe to say I am massively disapointed in this game. I've put in 11 hours and I can't be bothered to finish the thing. The AI is terrible, the game is boring, the lag is painful (even when you put it to the lowest texture and pixel settings).As a lover of the first DK and a player of the second I want to make it clear that my thoughts on this game, are written in the absract, I didn't get this game out of nostalgia, I bought it because I thought it might actually be good.Also - nice try on the comedy aspect with your narrator - but after a while it gets stale and then just irritating.Honestly I'd struggle to pick something positive to say, because all the positive things about this game are just OK, their not great or even good - just OK.I just didn't have fun.Honestly I'd like my money back."
,Not Recommended,230190,15469250,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Itajn,"This game looks very promising, but the bugs make it completely impossible to play. Don't buy it, at least until most bugs are fixed."
,Not Recommended,230190,17134198,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,boi513,"If you like dungeon keeper then this game definately feels very close it. The developers did a great job of capturing some of the dungeon keeper nostalgic feeling. I cannot recommend this game to just anybody though. It is pretty difficult even to a DK veteran. The a.i. cheats ridiculously, by sending massive armies of high level creatures to slaughter yours and you wonder how the hell did he get so much level ten everything so quickly. the only way to have a chance at winning is to dig straight to the unlimited gold vein (assuming you know where it is) and attack him constantly so that he never gets a foot hold. If this sounds like a fun gameplay style to you then you will have fun. If you wanna win by superior dungeon design then I dont know what to tell you... I havent found a way to do that yet. I cant say I am disappointed because, well, It's not dungeon keeper. It does try very hard to be and comes pretty close, but a lot of the dungeon building elements are ruined by the playstyle required to hold your own"
76561198012645958,Not Recommended,230190,15467723,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jharlax,"I really want to recommend this game, but i can't. This game is quite a long way from finshed. Maybe I revisit it in half a year and try it again but for now I would not buy it again."
,Recommended,230190,15258494,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Zoltonthedonger,A must buy if you like dungeon keeper
76561198042336784,Recommended,230190,15259205,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Silky Phillky,Addictively fun!!!!
76561198038697089,Not Recommended,230190,17220709,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fran_cisco92107,"The campaign is very good, although the multiplayer is horrible (main reason that i bought this game for),  There isn't anyone ever available."
,Not Recommended,230190,16004550,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,Dungeon Keeper.... No...Fun... Kind of....... Mehhhh...Don't get unless on sale....
76561198097029152,Not Recommended,230190,19671485,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,surfacepatterns,"I struggled to decide whether or not I would recommend this game.The problem I have with this game is that it triessohard to be a successor to the Dungeon Keeper legacy.  In some respects, it succeeds.  For example, the gameplay itself is very much like (and somewhat better than) Dungeon Keeper 2.However, this game fails in a few important ways:1.) The levels themselves feel like watered down versions of their Dungeon Keeper equivalents.2.) The mentor equivalent in War For The Overworldsoundslike the mentor in the Dungeon Keeper games (actually, IIRC, it's the same voice actor), but the lines delivered in War For The Overworld are nowhere near as witty and sarcastic as thelines delivered in the Dungeon Keeper games.3.) When I last played the game (in September, I think), it still had its fair share of bugs.6/10."
,Recommended,230190,21825957,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kakashi The Weeb,Yes.
,Not Recommended,230190,26510104,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,GoblinGray,"Have owned this game for 2 years, since beta. Once upon a time I was able to play a few parts of the campaign mode with several buggy glitches. Since then there has been multiple updates and even DLC's. Just thought I'd try to load it up since i've been waiting and waiting for it to be able to actually work, freezes directly after the first video on campaign mode. I've tried multiple fixes for this game, multiple settings, and a bunch of other methods weren't even suggested. I haven't the slightest clue why the game is rated so highly. This was supposed to be an up to date Dungeon Keeper style game I got for me and my fiance to play. It's more like a waste of a space on my machine. 0/10 would not recommend."
76561198153256423,Recommended,230190,15289770,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gunstar,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like Dungeon Keeper? Like Dungeon Keeper 2? You're gonna love War For The Overworld. It's basically DK2 on steroids, and with new awesome features. ♥♥♥♥ me I love this game, it's awesome, can't wait for the new multiplayer updates and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gonna be ♥♥♥♥in' class, yo. And rehiring the dude with the cool voice from the original games was an awesome touch."
76561198129917198,Not Recommended,230190,15827396,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Partially_Derived,"Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.... i personally will never buy a subterranean developed game so long as i live. Let's see $30 for a game that was not completed by release date, the story is stupid, lack luster, and way underdeveloped. The multiplayer doesnt exist, theres only 3 maps, and its been out forever....survival mode is unfinished like the rest of the game. This is a clear ploy to gather what ever profits to be made by name dropping dungeon keeper and running away with my cash. DON'T Release a game thats not finished and this title has miles to go......subterranean games can go choke on a bag of aids♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... 1/10 and u only get 1 for choosing a good title to remake....the rest is a cluster ♥♥♥♥"
76561198030693229,Recommended,230190,30934880,Posted: 3 April,all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"Don't let the play time fool you.  I played most of this game offline.  It's a great and very reasonably priced game that channels the spirit of Dungeon Keeper very nicely.  Plus, the devs have heavily supported this game.  It had a very rough launch but since then, the devs have released numerous patches that not only have the game fixed up but have added free content as well.  I wholeheartedly recommend this title."
76561198111526644,Not Recommended,230190,20269890,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tatsumasa,"See Max Wattage's review for a very good sum up of what I feel about this game,but overall I was expecting a game about carefully building a vicious dungeon full of traps and very intelligently designed,more like spending time and effort building something great and then watching ennemies die through horrible sufferings within the maze that you created,when actually what this game is about is playing Warcraft,basically.In this game you have to act as quiclky as possible,manage your troops and workers live and battle waves of AI units sent against you almost from the beginning of the game,which is fine but not what I was expecting and not what I paid for...so if you don't mind that aspect go ahead and get it,the graphics are amazing and the voice of your guide as well as his humour are pretty good,but if you are like me then definitely don't get it.P.S:I personally found it extremely difficult to adapt to the weird way the camera and the map interact;it's absolutely anti-intuitive but perhaps there is an option to make it normal,I didn't find it."
,Not Recommended,230190,15193772,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jacob Nimble,"This is not a completed game. It has bugs ranging from subtitles not showing to the one time I was trapped looking at a minion because it spawned in (for the first time which triggers an explanation of the minion in question) and the explanation audio for the scene didn't load, which apparently stops the game from letting you do anything because even the usual skip button for this game (spacebar) didn't function. ""Display options"" has maybe a total of seven things that can affect framerate, if you count what size you want the game window to be and whether you want windowed or fullscreen (I don't) and three more are binary options (no I don't count ""force-enable"" as different than enable), the remaining two are ""pixel light count"" and ""texture resolution"" which you can bring down to a stunning eighth of the original value, which is higher than it needs to be for a game where I will spend the entire time zoomed out too far to notice any of the character models regardless. The sound options are between acceptable and as expected. The gameplay would be better if there weren't massive framerate drops every five minutes on the dot and if I didn't have 4 untouchable minion corpses and another four minions in the ""shadowlands,"" or rather innacessible in a corner of the map blocked off by bedrock (no way in, no way out.) Those are all my problems thus far, and they don't make the game *absolutely* unplayable, just very, very difficult to enjoy. This wasn't in early access when I bought it. I was promised a completed game, this isn't it."
76561198008555282,Recommended,230190,15335354,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lizzard,"EA broke our hearts, these guys fullfilled our dreams. Good Game, Good buy. DO IT OVERLORD!"
,Recommended,230190,31782465,Posted: 15 May,all,Nerkles,"Great game that keeps a very old-school feel and has plenty of content. Perfect for any aspiring ""Dungeon Keepers"" out there."
76561198022975473,Recommended,230190,19182402,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Lord Beavis,Great game and keeps getting better!
76561198012824858,Recommended,230190,15193901,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,renton212,"here we have a game full of passion and commitment pushed for an early release for whatever reason. The devs seems hell bent on addressing the issues and to be honest, its 1000% better than the Dungeons game most people expected to to take the place of a dk3. it's rough and needs work but the game is good, playable with new ideas, a great atmosphere and massive potential."
76561197997089521,Recommended,230190,28365068,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,#DWB#Diamond Says,This game is super sweet and a lot of fun!Buy it and enjoy!
76561197981005048,Not Recommended,230190,17557155,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,aubreymal,Buggy. This should not be a final product.
76561198142997684,Not Recommended,230190,15996891,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,WaZZa,this game lags alot for me. what should i do?
76561197970528471,Recommended,230190,15166255,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,-DI- R3dl1ne,10/10 big fan of the orignal game dk1 and 2 so this is a beath of fresh air
,Recommended,230190,15165295,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Kojema,this is what i have been waiting for for years!!!! I love it!
,Recommended,230190,15181258,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mirage,"A true spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper, this game is a carbon copy, with all the benefits that come with it. It's extremely similar to Dungeon Keeper, which is a good thing. Build traps, rooms, attract creatures and train them. Even the voice of your ""guide"" seems to be the exact one from Dungeon Keeper. Highly recommended!"
76561198025665161,Recommended,230190,15281869,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,themig29,"Welcome to, what is in essence, Dungeon keeper 3.BUY IT NOW!Fair warning, some Imps are still messing up the code, i.e. BUGS!.Said Imps are being slapped (over & over again) until they behave (or are turned into mush, whichever comes first).Or Buy it after all the mush has been cleaned up, and turned into hero repellent.Just buy it."
,Recommended,230190,15154695,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Burnsie21,Dungeon Keeper 3.
76561198081585593,Not Recommended,230190,21156130,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sinamus3000,"I had really high hopes tbh. I loved DK 1-2, spent hours on that game. But War of the Overworld did not give me that excitement at all. There are good things compared to DK but not enough. Mainly it was let down by the design, character & room design, level design etc. Dungeon 2 did quiet a better job at that level.There are new additional rooms which makes it interesting but again it's not working properly, Remember in DK for example when you built a torture room characters were going there just for fun an it was nice moment here in this game I didnt even understand what character really doing around. Also DK had this high lvl characters were slighlty getting bigger so you could noticed them easier. Well dont want to go more into details by it is not DK3 its quite a dissapointment. Similar game Dungeons 2 did a lot better job by level and game design thats is not perfect either but the feeling it gives you much closer to DK."
76561197971465808,Recommended,230190,26600473,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MRO,not as good as the first 1 or no2 but still good fun 7/10
76561197993749342,Recommended,230190,15484139,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,cocatriz,*o* I miss you D... K... love this kind of game.
76561198061306443,Not Recommended,230190,28397238,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,elchali_5,I can run it but it woud not allowme to play the campaing for no good reason. it is just a mess of development. please avoid unless you want an expenive screen saver.
,Recommended,230190,9739455,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lickidactyl,"A great looking game with a promising start. I was looking forward to DKIII, but this will be the sequel DKII never had. I am aware that it is still very much a work in progress, but even at ""fastest"" setting the game will be unplayably laggy due to the large amount of things it has to load and animate at any given time (maybe convert offscreen models into sprites?)."
,Recommended,230190,20612320,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MastaX,"""You dont have enough mana to do that.""""You dont have enough mana to do that.""""Not enough mana!""10/10 would spam heal again"
76561198002951956,Not Recommended,230190,15763957,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"I bought into early access release of this game because I believed in the credibality of the developers promises. A month prior to the Dungeons 2 release this got released from early access due for what I believe to jump on the market.A terrible decision. I would rather this game spend as much time as needed in development like DayZ then be rushed out the door.I spend my hard earned money on early access games because I WANT to support the developers, because I believe in their dreams, and again I am let down. This time from a more trusted developer who I wanted to see succeed. Yet another harsh lesson that early access games are never worth it.If WFTO will be worth buying it isn't now, and not until it is the game it should be.Don't buy it, if you want a dungeon keeper-esq game, buy its competitor, Dungeons 2, which is a more complete game."
76561198037973300,Not Recommended,230190,17015611,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rocky W,"The game starts very simply.  No strategy really is needed.  You just do what you're told, and you win.  Then you hit level 9, and you lose over and over again.  Nothing really builds up or prepares you for this.  Yes, the previous levels introduce new abilities and stuff, but difficulty wise it's a HUGE jump.As a personal annoyance, I finally got a game where I was within reach of beating level 9 (through a cheap trick, but a win is a win) and when I come back to the game after saving it, it's corrupted and I can't move the camera anymore."
76561197969678079,Not Recommended,230190,32969839,Posted: 28 June,all,The Bamboozle,"I was a big fan of Dungeon Keeper, and I was excited playing this game. It was a good reminder of the old fun I used to have, and the narrator is great.There are some things that does not live up to my expectations and that is that the creatures you have, feel unpersonal with nothing really random about them. The fighting system is quite boring and a certain labyrinth level can burn in hell for all that I care due to various bugs. I think this game could have been much much more, and the only really good thing I enjoyed was the companionship of the narrator and my various rivals.I cannot recommend this game to somene who has never played Dungeon Keeper, not because the game is hard or anything just that it has very little to offer in my opinion in the campaign."
76561198044731231,Not Recommended,230190,15186325,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheButtler,"To The Developers,Why did you lie?Sincerely,A disgruntled and annoyed fan who is just going to buy DK2 instead.If you don't like unfinished games then wait to purchase this title. Still months away from being an official release and will unfortunately fall in the ""unfinished/hasty release"" catagory for now. Joining the ranks of the misleadingly advertised and now i have trust issues catagory.Majorly disappointed that theres still a long way to go with the minion AI, FPS issues,crashes, bugs, lockups and various other issues.I hope i can one day come back and review it completely when its finished. But the marketting states the game is in a finished state... oh wait that was a lie devs.We do however need a collective law over this sort of thing. Is your game completly optimised and finished before calling it an official release? No. Then please keep it in Beta until its ready and complete. People won't mind really, we don't need more Schafer and Molyneux impersonators in the industry.WOW v1.1 is out now and ... still a broken buggy mess thats still half operational and full to the brim with glitches and game grinding memory issues. It's beyond a joke. But the patch name of Eternal Conflict does ring true since the game is still in full conflict with itself and still only just barely works.Come back in around 3/4 years time when the development of the game has finally been completed. :)"
,Recommended,230190,13318562,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,H8Monster0,I liek
,Not Recommended,230190,17440646,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bob.appleyard,"The fog of war is terrible, it just dims the screen every time I hover outside the dungeon.It's basically unplayable for me right now."
76561198062488106,Not Recommended,230190,20042676,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,juginst,It may LOOK like DK2 but in fact it is just a bleak copy. Those tiny but important things that made DK2 a great game are missing here. The interface is stupid and there are a lot of bugs.UPD. Unfortunately due to bugs the game is umplayable for me. Very disappointing...
76561197963729258,Not Recommended,230190,20221315,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ridgelon,Well it would be a great game if they ever fiexed the constant freezes and crashes.  I'd play more if it wasn't so frustrating to crash right before the end of the level you are on.
76561197970861692,Not Recommended,230190,23320263,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sneaker,"This should be called ""War for the Bug Generator"".  It worked in early development and now it just crashes and restarts in an endless loop.  Save your money until this thing works."
76561198190823233,Recommended,230190,15286849,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,yuridivine,On Level 4 the room and spell tabs don't work when are they gonna be fixed?
76561197965103660,Recommended,230190,15286772,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Aegeas,"Beta, but still fun. You'll probably have fun even if there are some bugs. Recommended."
,Recommended,230190,29810813,Posted: 9 February,all,generalzee,"If you were thinking ""God I love Dungeon Keeper II, but it doesn't work on my modern computer,"" then here is the solution for you. This game is almost the exact same game.If you were not looking for Dungeon Keeper II, then you may want to keep moving (though if you have never played it before it is excellent).The Skirmishes feel identical to the orignal game, though the campaign is a bit more combat-focused and less puzzle-focused. The ""Sin"" system also feels a bit different than anything I remember from DKII, but it works well to dole out your spells and achievements in a way that feel satisfying until end game when you have far more sins than you could ever use.Sorry this isn't helpful to anyone who hasn't played DKII, but this is basically a clone of that game."
,Recommended,230190,11797416,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Splat=HarmY,Dungeon keeper lives again!Great game
,Recommended,230190,16633943,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,<LBB> Bipsie,"If you were a fan of Bullfrog's Dungeon Keeper series, this is the true spiritual sequal to those wonderful games."
,Recommended,230190,30949094,Posted: 4 April,all,Galgisifr,"This game is the perfect symbiosis of Mr. Peter Molyneux's genius mind and new, fresh ideas!"
76561198087795271,Not Recommended,230190,15875116,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Falsk Falafel,"It's like a bag of really bland candy. Tasteless but you eat it anyways just cause you have it. It has none of the original Dungeon Keeper feel. It lacks both finesse and finish.If you expect to play Dungeon Keeper 3 - don't buy it. Replay Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 instead.If you think it seems like a cool game, which I believe it could be with a few patches, the buy it and hope the devs won't give up on it."
,Not Recommended,230190,23278236,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,scott96707,"This game is a rehash of Dungeon Keeper 2, so if you enjoyed that game, you'll enjoy this.  The added systems of 'sins' and new rooms don't add a lot to the game so you might be better off just getting an old copy of DK2 and playing that.There are numerous bugs still present even after the enormous update that rolled out a few days ago.  For instance, I had to manually change the screen resolution within a text file because it was permanently set to 600x400 in game.  Also, most of my minions couldn't cross the bridge to fight the final boss.  Add in the very low framerate when you have more than 15-20 creatures on the same screen.The end of the game cliffhangs to get you to buy the expansion.  The whole game took about 8 hours to finish.  The skirmish mode, while complete, isn't really hours of fun.Really, just get Dungeon Keeper 2 online and save your $20."
,Recommended,230190,22727063,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Goblin,"LOVE this game. LOVE IT. but i do wish they'd give us non-Kickstarters a way of buying the Kickstarter content at a premium... a HumbleBundle Charity Auction was suggested for those of us  that missed it on Kickstarter and want the extra skins, and personally i still love the idea.. but it looks doubtful it will happen."
,Recommended,230190,22739123,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NoticeMeSenpai ♥♥♥,"i love this game. Dungeon Keeper ftw.but i need more. not just the same Dungeon Keeper with better graphic.don't get me wrong i love this game, just i need more then the original."
76561198054333226,Recommended,230190,22635679,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,joeharg,Good game
76561198030980450,Recommended,230190,18198495,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,Looks at sexy creature's Butt 10/10
76561198029299082,Recommended,230190,34096921,Posted: 7 August,all,rjmallorquin,"For fans of the Original 2 games, this is a must, triple A all around."
76561197987772532,Recommended,230190,15194541,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sensej.pl,"This doesnt look like its finished yet :LUpdate :It seems a lot of patches are coming out every single day. Which does improve my faith in the product. The biggest problem I have right now is that the game look way too dark. I dont really see floors and dungeon looks quite dark.On top of that animation of hits while in first person are almost non existent as well as no sound so i dont even know if I am hitting something or not. Textures look also quite bad, the scrolling is slow. Map ofcourse still reallly really bad, AI needs also more work.Over all everything looks pixelated, please do something about textures, they are just, well not good enough.Still NO, but it might change soon.UPDATE :Well, as it is now I can say, BUY IT. A loooot of work has been done and I wish that would be a version they released in the beginning. Great job on releasing all those needed updates. Now the game is on acceptable level !"
76561198076131744,Recommended,230190,28477679,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Betty Swollocks,"War for the Overworld is a deformed beast. It has the bite and snarls that we expect it to have, yet even the most phlegmatic of eyes can’t help but notice the sores and pus leaking from its skin. There’s also the hacking cough and the tendency for its knee to give out when it climbs a set of stairs.Personification aside, yeah, WtO is a mess. One that’s enjoyable much of the time, but there’s little point in ignoring that Early Access didn’t do its job.As the spiritual successor to the much-loved Dungeon Keeper 2, WtO carried a lot of high expectations during development. It spawned a game that is mechanically identical to its predecessor, with all the usual charm and humour enunciated by its canyon-throated narrator. There are lots and lots of new structures, units, and rare items to find in the bowels of the Earth, and the A.I. does a competent job of keeping you on your toes during Skirmishes. Plus, there’s a (mostly) fun campaign and even a budding custom-map community.So, you can still carve out a big dungeon and terrorise mankind, only now you can do it with more options. What’s to dislike?It’s a technical mess. Units getting caught in doorways, defences malfunctioning, units warping, God-awful FPS when things get even slightly hectic. Take a look at the screenshots, then the Unity logo. This is not a graphically beautiful game, nor is its engine complicated. It’s DK2 with more content. DK2 runs like a dream on my computer. A successor with slightly brighter graphics and some new features does not justify this hot mess. It’s bad, bad, bad, and although it didn’t ruin my enjoyment, it can’t be ignored, and there were at least five occasions where I had to reload a level due to performance deterioration.Unity is not a monstrous game engine and WtO is not Crysis. This unpolished state is the result of developer negligence. Nothing more.There are some other frustrations, too. Though the campaign is mostly fun, some levels are designed to irritate you. Two in particular, one an ambush mission and the other a defence one, left a sour taste in my mouth, where strategy was thrown out in favour of reloading the level and spamming specific units until you reached completion by sheer luck. The bonus mode, Crucible, also gets plenty boring after some time, since you’ll soon reach a point where your defences are so impeccable that all you need to do is sit tight and watch the enemy die out. There are design imperfections that a re-visit to the drawing board might have fixed.WtO is still a fun game, but despite years in Early Access, it was released in a damaged state, and it is still in the same state. If you can bear dealing with less than sixty frames and the occasional visual displeasure, WtO would make a fine addition to your library if bought on sale. It’s good, but it continues the Dungeon Keeper legacy rather meekly.7/10."
76561197980654872,Not Recommended,230190,23875887,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GoodHumor,"I loved dungeon keeper. I have many fond memories of the original series.This interpretation of dungeon keeper got so many things right. Yet somehow they managed to completely ruin the campaign experience. The campaign is horrible. Rush rush rush. Zombies....really?? I don't know who put this catastrophe together, but you should be ashamed of yourself. This game has all of the building blocks needed to be amazing. The foundation is strong and quite impressive. But the campaign and story are so bad, you won't give a hoot. The game was on sale when I purchased it, but I still feel like I’ve wasted my money. You broke my heart."
76561198055586928,Recommended,230190,31778127,Posted: 15 May,all,ktbenbrook,Just fun
,Not Recommended,230190,13100200,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hellrisen,"Honestly, Wait before you buy this.As many have said the love of Dungeon Keeper is here, but it is not complete. From what I see the devs are wprking on it constantly but with that being said I feel like this should have been put on early access much later then it was as even now it is not close enough to be enjoyable.Keep an eye on it, the potential is truly there but dont waste money on this incomplete version just yet, spend your hope instead."
,Not Recommended,230190,15177616,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hanseshadow,"While it looks promising, the game is seriously buggy.  Memory usage can exceed 5.5 gigabytes on Win 7, which on some lesser machines will probably not even allow it to run.  A crash, while loading levels, also occurs, even if you have the memory to run the game.  The game hangs for agonizing seconds during combat, at times.  I cannot recommend this game, until they do some serious bug fixing and memory reduction to reasonable limits."
76561197970504904,Not Recommended,230190,15184805,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sultan,"I've been a fan of Bullfrog's Dungeon Keeper games since the first one was released in 1997, and so, when I heard that a spiritual successor called War for the Overworld was in the works, my interest was piqued to say the least.  I followed the development of WftO during the past year or so, and when I saw its release date finally come around, I excitedly offered up my $26.99. After all, the hundreds of reviews for the game in early access were ""very positive.""  How could that many people be wrong?  Right?I've never been impressed with the concept of ""early access"" games.  If I wanted to pay for the privilege of using broken, buggy, unfinished software, I could just install and boot up Windows.  This is why I wait for official releases before I start playing any game.  I don't need the added frustration and tedium that early access games bring to my PC, so I respectfully abstain. Or at least that's what I thought before I bought War for the Overworld.When I first launched it, the game told me that it was version 1.0, the official release build, but damned if I can tell from how it plays.  And this game isn't easy to play, by the way.  As soon as I got to the third mission, the game's video began to freeze for what had to be ten to twenty seconds at a time - an unplayable mess. From what I read now, I'm not alone in this.  The mini map is completely useless, looking like some pixelated mess dredged up from two decades ago.  When I first saw it, I had the idea that this must be what people who read tea leaves see in the bottom of their cup.  One would have to be some kind of mystical seer to divine any useful information from it.I'm tempted to go on, but it's all been said in other reviews.  You should read some of them.  I should have waited to read some of those reviews BEFORE I made my purchase, not AFTER.  I've got only myself to blame for wasting my money.  Please don't waste yours on this unfinished game.  Don't stand for ""release now, patch later (if you're lucky)"" business practices.  Vote with your wallet, and maybe game developers will start to realize that they're not doing themselves any favors by pasting a v1.0 on an obviously unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,230190,15175134,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Muller,"It would be a great spiritual successor to DK if not for some crashes and unifinishable ""tutorial"" levels.Sometimes i have to replay a level 3 times so it would progress and, destroying the inhibitor when i bugs out doesn't achieve a victory condition.The UI is rusty, it takes some effort to click things at first but then it gets easier.Some UI elements show programming debug values like TRUE - FALSE - PROP_ITEM_EXAMPLEOverall i'm disapointed with WFtO and i'm expecting some patches soon to change my view of the game."
,Not Recommended,230190,34604104,Posted: 30 August,all,I'mNotYourBro,"Besides lots of bugs which I reported, the main issue with this game is that they use a third-party UI called ""Coherent UI"" which seems to have lots of issues. In fact, the devs of Overworld insist that you have a crazy-high graphics score of 1,500 at this benchmark sitehttps://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.phpor the Overworld devs simply won't take any responsibility for the game lag, mouse lag, and general heavy scripts that weight down this game. The real problem here is that when I go to a completely BLACK SCREEN (fog of war on the map) on an area of the map where there are NO GRAPHICS the game is choking and has serious lag in multiple ways. This means it's not a GPU problem; it's a coding issue with scripts and how heavy they are. I have 16 GB of RAM on this machine and play lots of RTS like AOE, Sins Of A Solar Empire, LOTR, Galactic Empires, and others all without any problem. Overworld has the worst performance out of all RTS games I have every played in the last 20 years, and that is a criticism I don't give lightly.The real issue is the attitude of the devs on the forums when these type of complaints are leveled. They use comments like ""we will optimize later"" and ""we can't do anything about that"" and ""it's your graphics card"" and instead they should be looking at how to lighten scripts for off-screen activity, and make their own UI instead of trusting an outside ""Coherent UI"" which they have no control over.The cursor is important for selecting many things, but the lag makes it impossible to do many things, including the fact that some information about minions is impossible to see unless you're hovering directly on them (while they are running around LoL). Add to that heavy scripts for everything OFF SCREEN. Even when you go to a black screen (fog of war) part of the map, the game is still choking, and trying to use the UI in general is slow and chokes.Then there are real bugs, even in 2017 after the game has supposedly been ""stable"" for a while. I get weary of bogus warnings from the narrator, who keeps saying that a minion can't find food or its lair, but this minion is invisible, and there are pigs all over the dungeon, and plenty of lairs. The narrator keeps saying a beastmaster is mad because it can't be paid, and I can actually see this minion, so I drop it on gold and it keeps running around angry, because the game AI is choking and the beastmaster somehow forgot how to get his gold for years, and will never work again, because the AI is broken and thinks that minion never got paid, even with 80,000 gold in my dungeon laying around for him.Then there are gameplay issues that were not well-thought-out. For example, there is a payday every cycle, where the intelligent minions get paid. Every payday all of the intelligent minions leave their posts, stop working and go get gold. Why do they have to leave their posts? Well, unlike most other RTS games, there is no ""automatic deposit"" and your intelligent minions will wander around to some place where you have some gold, even if it is all the way on the other side of your dungeon. But there is no way to put gold on a specific place on the map, it's all randomly placed and you have no real control over where your gold is, even with vaults strategically placed, because every time you place gold it's randomly allocated, and when you spend gold, it zaps it randomly from all vaults. This ""randomness"" is nice in a way because you don't have to micromanage it. But it's terrible at payday because all your intelligent minions will wander around to the farthest parts of the dungeon to get paid. So this issue is that if you have intelligent minions far from the random place gold might be, they have to walk to the gold that exists. So you could have a ton of gold, but no way to pay intelligent minions that are far from the core. If you try to set up a sub base that is far from the core, you can do everything right, but the minions will still try to walk to the core to get paid (unless you have your gold maxed out and a vault right by them, which is hard to keep current). For example, if your workers find some gold and place it locally on the edge of your dungeon, that's where your intelligent minions have to walk to get paid, or if you spend money, it randomly pulls it from wherever, so there's no way to keep your intelligent minions working at payday, especially if you spread your dungeon out or try to create a sub base.There is no way to automate things like Averice gold spells, so you'll find yourself having to pass multiple gold spells all the time and not actually be able to play the game.The graphics are lovely and there are some clever parts of the game. But the lack of testing at the developer, and the lack of proper UI diligence is unforgivable, and makes the game unusable. For the devs to have such lame excuses really disrespects all the people with decent computers who buy this game and have problems, and simply don't want to keep complaining after the devs dismiss their issues.Archon will show fully healed and then suddenly in two seconds he dies, all 20,000 hitpoints zapped. This is because the health bars do not always correctly display a minion's health.The lack of a pause feature is blamed on coding issues (even though other RTS games have them) but this really would solve some problems because at least the game could catch up with itself, and the player could do some diligent work in the RTS due to the crap issues in the game. At least IF there was a pause, you could actually look at the stats of individual minions instead of trying to chase them with a mouseover while they are running.If you have a few ""0"" gold instances at payday, some minions never go back to work, even if paid for years later and they become happy again. This is a serious bug. The archivists, for example, will simply stop working for the rest of the game, and you never get any more ""sins"" (the ""sins"" are the tech tree equivalent in this game).I could go on but I won't. I paid $30 for this crap game. Ha ha. Good effort perhaps by the devs but Steam should not allow these kind of buggy amateur efforts. This game is no longer on Early Access so at some point let's get real about the quality. I can't believe this game is so highly rated but I cannot recommend it, compared to all othe RTS games I'e ever played, Overworld is the worst performing, even though the graphics are beautiful.Major FAIL as devs. Good job on being artists but I bought a game, not an art book."
76561197960567470,Recommended,230190,23198530,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Forbin,It's about as close to Dungeon Keeper 3 as you could get. What else do you need to know?
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,230190,31452429,Posted: 29 April,all,Razter,"I played this for 2 days.That was all I could stand.It's so incredibly boring and not fun, I had no interest in going back. The interface is terrible. The gameplay is slow and boring. The audio is cheap and annoying.Given that I like these types of games, this was a huge disaapointment."
76561198045346627,Not Recommended,230190,15329972,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Anon Ymous,The game is not finished. There are many game-breaking bugs. Game crashes at the 3-minute mark on the beast level (Level 3 on the campaign). Less than 1 hour of playable content for $30. Bottom line: Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,230190,16605649,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BaggedByPepe,"Bought it at release expecting a DK 3What I got was an unplayable mess, it is shockingly bad, do not buy."
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,230190,15205739,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Yeah, its Dungeon Keeper!Sadly i can not recommend it :(Minor problems:Game engine: - Grafic look silly up close and gets ugly up far (might as well play DK)- handling of the mouse is clunky- menus seem to run in a different task -> feels clumsy-> Its just not a good game engine, but its ""indie"" so well ...Unfinished state: - the game lacks a lot of stuff and actually still (12 patches in) hold placeholders- some toolstips are still missing e.g on every structure or NPC that has 2 or more stages/modes- a whole lot just got patched in for release and was never tested in early access-> unwise desitions and masking of errorsBigger problems:Unfinished state: - some parts of the game are still missing and are already annouced as DLCs- critical features (e.g. 4 ppl mp) are still not in the game- the (so far 12) patches seem premade: they focus on balance and small features to keep the devteam in a good light but do not focus actual (""after release"") problems-> sloppy and decieving workbugs and glitches: - spells do not work, rooms do not work, minions vanish-> know issues carried over from early access that are not adressed in teh reasent patchesgame features: - rooms do no longer need walls and do not feature wall-items- monsters do not interact with one another over more then need of food-> makes a good (completly unoriginal) gameplay lesser""Do not buy"" problems:RAM useage and lags: - after building a big dungeon (you or anyone else on the map), the game lags and becomesunplayable-> was ""ok"" in early access but not finishing this is a joke for a releasedisconnects in mp and need for open ports: - topic-> makes the expirience no fun and combined with the lagging its unplayableFinaly:Its 3 days after teh ninja-release and we are 12 patches in, but still have all the major problems from teh early access. The new content (at least 70 %) was never tested and the patches focus on balance and grafic solo. Still we can get news about upcomeing DLCs ....Not only should you not buy this, but you should avoid buying from these ppl ever again.I am open to change this to recommanded when it starts working and i do not feel screwed over, but i realy do not think that that is proppable."
76561198047302200,Not Recommended,230190,30546384,Posted: 16 March,all,Rivan,Game is unplayable in its current state. You couldn't even be able to finish campaign without freezes (drops down your fps to 1)
,Not Recommended,230190,27567420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"I played this game through to the third level. Then I ran into the problem of my workers not building defenses when I tell them to. So I spend an hour or two fighting off enemies while my workers dance around and do nothing half of the time. The A.I. seems to be incomplete, and very annoying."
76561198122466577,Recommended,230190,24362706,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Tomy,This ♥♥♥♥ing AI is trash why the ♥♥♥♥ do my minions run into the enemy base just to kill themselves dsfuias`poddjsfispf`pfdjsi`fjdsiofdsajfasñflsajfañ´lsddasfjdaspfhdiofsdfojsafpdoasjfadso`pj
,Not Recommended,230190,15225994,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bob,"A poor imitation of Dungeon keeper. Far from completed (despite their claims). It's basically a copy of dungeon keepers assets and style without the balancing or planning.I very much regret buying it, not because of the money, but because I supported this garbage."
,Not Recommended,230190,23284803,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Halabec,Do not buy. It's a buggy mess. Troops go the longest way possible around the map trying to get around unlocked doors (or the game can't route units at all) peeling off and attacking the enemy HQ on the way and completely suiciding themselves. Meanwhile your core is being attacked and there's not a damn thing you can do about it.Refunded.
,Not Recommended,230190,15272322,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Chaonix,"So Far....This game has alot of potential. I'm not sure why it's not listed under early access though, because it's painfully obvious that it's not finished.....Stone....stone....everywhere stone. Missing tooltips, a woefully boring and short campaign filled with game breaking bugs. Can't build the way I want to. I have no idea what's going on half the time, can't use potions...only one playable ""race"".....hold off on this one until they finish it. From reading the forums and news, they seem to be adding to it quite regularly."
76561198044038457,Not Recommended,230190,16906594,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sir Morten,"It has it's moments I will admit but it still runs like an arthritic pirate with two peg legs and that's when the menu doesn't disappear. If you must have this game, hold of on buying it until they have fixed it. They are working on it, but there is a long way to go before I would recommend buying this game."
76561197969390554,Recommended,230190,15176781,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Anton,"This game is getting really great new. And i'm starting to rally like playing it. The are getting most things right. It's the bast DK Clone to date. it needs Horny from DK2. And more saxy females!!! skimpy females, no wait that only my right ;)i think i give this game 9 out of 10.Old {I like this game, and i wish i was playing dungeon keeper for the first mission and second, and then the game starts holding itself up. the game is okay, good, bot a little bit buggi, bot the are rally working it out.  i'm having fun playing it so i can't complain.}"
,Recommended,230190,32113333,Posted: 1 June,all,Arubix,"Perfect clone of Dungeon Keeper, legendary classic!"
76561198038025574,Recommended,230190,15170150,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Taliferm,Fun as ♥♥♥♥
76561198043384288,Not Recommended,230190,24092668,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Neesan,"If this game is on special consider buying it, I do not think it is worth the full price.CONS:- Long loading time at the start- Annoying voices / narration during gameplay- Does not have the charm of the old dungeon keeper 2- Pace is much quicker than the old one (this bothers me a lot)- Creatures level up quickly and they do not seem to have special abilities when at high levels (unless I am missing something?)- Not enough attention to detail - especially when it comes to the creatures in your dungeon (this was a big thing in the old one)- I do not like the ""beast"" concept- Game got very laggy during the second last campaign mission. Probably because there are 4 dungeon keepers on the one map. Very frustrating.PROS:- Sort of satisfies my craving for old dungeon keeper 2- At least someone is trying to remake the old classic"
76561197999627397,Recommended,230190,30937335,Posted: 4 April,all,Aklarath,"With the current patch which introduces new stuff, The game is quite fun to come back to."
76561198133845992,Recommended,230190,21110367,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Blitzwing,Man that here is finally the Dungeon Keeper I did miss for so many years.
76561198136992378,Recommended,230190,25583571,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TheFatBanda,GIT GOOD WITH THIS GAME. Totally worth your money.
76561198008233990,Recommended,230190,15319604,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ocnuybear,"This really is the true successor of Dungeon Keeper 2 !The game is very enjoyable if you are willing to be patient with some bugs, but the Dev's seem to be producing patches fast."
76561198107246653,Recommended,230190,25473965,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Anotaros,"ever wanted to slap your slaves in the face? ever wanted to make a rat into a toasted rat via lightning? this games for you. im not giving you one of those crap pros/cons lists. just buy the game. play it. if you have launch troubles, wait a bit, or google it."
,Recommended,230190,15297147,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Oni Sama,As close as you can get to Dungeon keeper...
76561198004082310,Recommended,230190,15194168,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,dmarxs,"Love the game, very much like the old and great Dungeon Keeper 2. Has some bugs and needs a bit of polish but they are patching improvments fast so I have high hopes it will only get better. Wish the Imps made more noises though."
76561198095272020,Not Recommended,230190,16898456,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Skythe,"If this game had no crashes, game ending bugs, and errors that made it virtually unplayable, it would be an awesome game and worthy Dungeon Keeper.Unfortunately, it has.(UPDATE: Now it stopped working altogether. I cant even start the game because of a bug with NVIDIA cards. Un-be-lie-vable.)"
76561198076760293,Not Recommended,230190,21320481,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,gnomeknown,the game will not run at all. i installed and reinstalled  the game and still i get the start up screen  and then it goes blank. i check the task manager  and it is running but nothing happens.
76561198063536777,Not Recommended,230190,15212455,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,sawyer_jh,screen loading times are pitiful and I have a powerfull machine.Waiting 45 minutes to play a game and then watching it grind to a halt is shocking.Given the amount of time the game has been in development the programming needs to be a lot better than this.Save your money and buy something that works
76561198173897043,Recommended,230190,17501343,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,timepower582,"I'm a huge fan of the dungeon keeper games so this one was a no brainer i really like this game.ok so everyone else gives people a big in depth description of all the good and bad things about a game but Im to lazy to come up with anything useful/helpful and I'm really bored so instead I'm going to show you a rough copy of an application to a fastfood restaurant by my insane friend (totally not me)NAME: ********SEX: Not yet. Still waiting for the right person.DESIRED POSITION: Company’s President or Vice President. But currently, whatever’s available. If I was in a position to be picky, I wouldn’t be applying here in the first place.DESIRED SALARY: $185,000 a year plus stock options and a Michael Ovitz style severance package. If that’s not possible, make an offer and we can haggle.EDUCATION: Yes.LAST POSITION HELD: Target for middle management hostility.SALARY: Less than I’m worth.MOST NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENT: My incredible collection of stolen pens and post-it notes.REASON FOR LEAVING: It sucked.HOURS AVAILABLE TO WORK: Any.PREFERRED HOURS: 1:30-3:30 p.m., Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday.DO YOU HAVE ANY SPECIAL SKILLS?: Yes, but they’re better suited to a more intimate environment.MAY WE CONTACT YOUR CURRENT EMPLOYER?: If I had one, would I be here?DO YOU HAVE ANY PHYSICAL CONDITIONS THAT WOULD PROHIBIT YOU FROM LIFTING UP TO 50 LBS?: Of what?DO YOU HAVE A CAR?: I think the more appropriate question here would be “Do you have a car that runs?”HAVE YOU RECEIVED ANY SPECIAL AWARDS OR RECOGNITION?: I may already be a winner of the Publishers Clearing House Sweepstakes.DO YOU SMOKE?: On the job no, on my breaks yes.WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE DOING IN FIVE YEARS?: Living in the Bahamas with a fabulously wealthy dumb sexy blonde super model who thinks I’m the greatest thing since sliced bread. Actually, I’d like to be doing that now.DO YOU CERTIFY THAT THE ABOVE IS TRUE AND COMPLETE TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE?: Yes. Absolutely.SIGN HERE: Aries."
76561197972480033,Not Recommended,230190,22694751,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Long Nose,"Basically a remake of Dungeon Keeper 2 with updated graphics - but worse art direction.  Also, and this is important, there are STILL parts of the game that aren't complete.  Placeholder options in the menu, a buggy and messy possession mode, etc.  There was a point where I had hope for this game, but after a year of being out of early access I see that it does nothing to improve upon it's spiritual predecessor, and does in fact do several things worse.  I wanted this game to be good, but it has let me down."
76561198015164398,Not Recommended,230190,16499714,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Harken,"5/10Over the years I've heard about the Dungeon Keeper franchise and from what I read, War for the Overworld is considered the third installment of the series. Being a fan of strategy games and seeing it on sale, I decided to go for it and snagged myself a copy. Honestly and despite giving it a fair chance, I just couldn't get into it. The strategy is so one-dimensional that I didn't feel engaged or challenged and quickly grew bored. However, the graphics though are solid and I didn't encounter a single issue with the game, it's smooth and the user interface is well designed. But, the voice acting - holy s--t it's awful, but I'm sure tongue-in-cheek comments were a lot funnier in the studio."
,Recommended,230190,9208976,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Irish Breakfast.,"Awful, and when I brought up my issues and had community support on the forums, I was banned for being 'rude' - I wasn't rude at all, However the developers are struggling to make a game anywhere near any of the quality they have promised, within the deadlines they have given, It still has the same level of completion it did a year ago, it was meant to be finished six months ago, it's still unplayable - funding goes up and so does the need to draw out the process with weekly art updates but no real additions to programming, the game, single player, multiplayer - it's really been a -bad- tech demo of bad tech for years, that's all - it's not alpha, it's pre-alpha, Why pay for that?  - because they needed more money to continue the slow♥♥♥♥♥development they've been doing.  Avoid, this is one of the games that gives crowd funding an awful name, now they're on steam they host sales and ban any naysayers to protect the image of the game."
76561198030802631,Not Recommended,230190,16522051,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fallen,"Hi,Purchased this game, 2 days ago. And now #Stuck# in Campaign Stage 6.Where u can only use Necro-mancer at this stage.#4 Necromancers to be exact !After i possess the Necromancer and walk a few steps to the mini-tomb to raise a ghoul.The ghoul will follow the Necromancer, with the silly Mentor doing a voice-Intro about ghoul.Soon after: ###The whole game freeze###  !!!The screen jus Freeze with the silly ghoul walking around the necromancer.i'm not able to repossess the Necro-mancer or continue the game as i tried! :(i'm using a HP Pavilion Slimline 400-436d4th Gen Intel Core i7-4790 Processor - 3.6GhzWindows 8.18GB DDR3, 2TB HDDNvidia Geforce GT720, 2GB DDR3 VRAMAnd i purchased my PC 2 mths ago, was playing superby with Attila Total War !!!Any bug fixes, help, recommendations would be appreciated !Thks"
,Recommended,230190,31665065,Posted: 10 May,all,Nova Solarius,"This is a game. Consider that box checked.This is a good thing about being good at being evil. Another box ticked.The verdict:It's good, it's a game, not sure what more a good game needs."
76561198031027183,Recommended,230190,29465807,Posted: 24 January,all,lacanseven,"7/10.  Interesting game, needs a better tutorial to explain how the game mechanics work with stuff like room size and how many minions you can get and the like."
,Recommended,230190,11155585,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Mazurek,"Dungeon Keeper 3?  Yes, please.  While it is currently not outstanding it is definitely worth buying early so you're not spending the increased price for it later.Played one of the tutorials and then the sandbox.  Got a little confused as to the tiers of unlocks available, but I'm sure they'll explain more of that later on.Will they also include the dark humor that was present in DK2?  They have the sinister voice actor from it, but I am not really sure that the upbeat tone he has to everything really...fits.''Your nocturnal tendencies have earned you a hidden gaming tip.  GO TO BED!'' - 3 AM message, Dungeon Keeper 2"
76561198116700513,Not Recommended,230190,20038309,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Van Richter,"While I do enjoy this game I must give it a thumbs down because while this game looks like Dungeon Keeper... it is not Dungeon keeper.  While this game has all the trappings of DK series, the goofy monsters, the dungeon building, the game voice narrirator,  this is not a true DK3.The glaring difference between this and the previous 2 DK games comes in the level of level creativity and ability to explore.  This game quickly becomes a giant dogpile of troops rushing to the end.  It lacks the exploration element in DK 1&2 that are so essential to the overall feel of the game.  The zerg rush of the game gets so bad that rooms like the workshop are utterly useless.  You can't build doors and traps because you are constantly summoning your monsters to engage the enemy or rush the end lair.  You can't take any time because the AI is too agressive or the level is under a timer.  Unlike the games predecessors that allowed you to meticulously plot your dungeon, explore every nook and crany for all the secrets and craft the army you want you are in an RTS scramble to build as quickly as you possibly can and that saps alot of the enjoyment out of the game.I hope that if they release DLC (a 2nd campaign) the creators really sit back and change the whole tempo of the game.  While the game looks like Dungeon Keeper it plays more like the Warcraft franchise.  If I wanted to play Warcraft/Starcraft I would have picked that up instead of DK3."
,Recommended,230190,15350275,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"These are really good developers who are caring people who love this game. I've read their posts on why the game was in such disarray on release and they were very candid and honest; something you don't see in many developers such as the Elite: Dangerous people or Godus idiots.Anyway, I recommend this game because they really put their hearts and souls into this game and I know in a month after this review, it will be the game they wanted it to be.Give good developers a chance. Punish bad ones, like Frontier aka Elite: Dangerous.edit: Elite Dangerous people gave us our keys so nm"
76561197996048250,Not Recommended,230190,15190087,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ves,"Unfinished and broken... Wait for a huge price drop, or for the Dev's to actually finish it"
76561198052012955,Not Recommended,230190,16459241,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dark Templar,"The game is similar to Dungeon Keeper I and II but its not it completely.BUGS are killing this game... Literally.I DO NOT RECCOMEND BUYING THE GAME UNTIL THEY FIX SOME OF THE BUGSThere were countless bug fixes but there are even more to fix. I have been stuck on the last mission for a couple months because save/load is not working properly. The basic function of the game such as save/load does not work. If I were you I would not make same mistake like I did and bought the game before they fixed bugs. Think about it this way 4 months since release and yet they did not finish save / load function of the game.Thats besides multiple creater AI problems, lack of monster progression.Overall this and Dungeons II were 2 of the better replicas of the good old Dungeon Keeper II. And while the Dungeons II humor and overall feel is a bit lacking compared to War for the Overlord its still a better game because it has a more polished product, different races / sides and more in depth character progression... Even though War for the Overlord had a potential to become the best DK II replica...Lack of Sense of Monster progression. In DK and DK II when your monsters level up they become more powerful especially when they reach level 4, 8, 10. The progression in this game is very limited - creaters do get some lesser abilities but their HP pools overall stay the same. In DK 1 level 10 creater was very hard to get but once he is level 10 he can slaughter multiple level 1s. In this game different between level 10 and 1 is roughly 10-20% of overall strength. Whi this is a bad thing - well it encourages treating your creaters like sensless armies and send them on their death time and time again rather than makign sure they are happy with your dungeon and progress in levels."
,Not Recommended,230190,22894446,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wulff,"A True DisappointmentI cannot for the life of me fathom how it has taken the developers years to produce this terrible game. What disappoints me is that I supported the game from the beginning and feel I've been patient over the years with its bugs and faults. But over 2 years on and it's still a complete mess.It's impossible to list everything that's wrong with the game, I actually tried but my review was too long for steam, so if that doesn't tell you enough then by all means buy it and see for yourself...If I had to choose one thing that got to me the most, it would be the animation. I mean they haven't even tried, the characters can walk and perform a basic attack, and that's more or less the extent of it.I can only reach the conclusion that the developers have used the money paid in by its supporters and ensured that they have been given decent wages with lots of perks, because it is clear that very little of the years they have had to develop this game has actually been spent doing so. To top it off, I have seen that they have the audacity to release an exanpsion to the game! The game is utterly and laughably incomplete, it's a joke and I would under all circumstances not advise anybody to purchase this game, your money will not be well spent and any hopes that it will be efficiently used to improve the game is unforeseeable. I would accept a refund in a heartbeat, following the progress and seeing the end result has been a complete waste of my time.Save your money, play Dungeon Keeper again, it's a much better game that was developed a decade before this one was."
,Not Recommended,230190,15163528,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Vem,"War for the Overworld -Pre Release ReviewGameplay & Mechanics-The game play is pleasant, the developers did a good job on the fluidity and ease of controls.  The camera is locked into a overhead mode, this sometimes is annoying when trying to verify your dungeon layout and design.  I did not notice any skill hotkeys; however, I might have overlooked this feature in a menu/sub-menu. This game offers the player four types of usable skill mastery's. Building magic, Attack magic spells, Minons, and Defensive structures.  Playing through the first three campaigns offers little insight to the end game viability of building magic and/or defensive skills.  defensive skills as you quickly learn in campaign 3 take up a specific amount of MP based on the structure from your mana/energy pool.  This limits the amount of defensive structures that a player is able to build. I did notice however; while tinkering around in skirmish mode, advanced walls do not take up MP/energy. Unfortunately once built, the walls cannot be sold or taken down.Value--------------------------Currently keeping in mind that the game is in pre-alpha, I would not purchase this game again if I had the chance.  The negatives outnumber the positives on this one.  My advice save your money until game hits 50/70% off.Pro's-----------------------------------Wity humorDungeon design tools are solidNon game destroying bugs ""this is a good thing in my book""Solid minion diversityCon's-----------------------------------------------Camera is locked in overhead without a way to rotateMinion's are capped (in skirmish I was only able to get 9 in each type of minion roughly 40-50 minions)Defensive structures limit spell usage and have a low cap (about 15 Mix & Match)Worker minions are limited (if you go over ""via build spell"" limit they take MP away like defensive structures)Minions are inefficent, for example they leave tiles unclaimed when making rooms that are not square. (dont forget you cannot rotate the camera to correct this)Minion AI is inefficent when fighter minnions are rallyed to a specific location (with complex dungeon design)Review------My review is based off of 5 hours of campaign and skirmish tests of a alpha/pre-alpha game. As such the released version of the game may differ greatly from its current state.  My review is only meant to offer my opinion of the game as it stands today 04/01/2015.  I believe this game has potential however; several other emerging games might offer more $/hr of enjoyment value."
,Not Recommended,230190,30757786,Posted: 26 March,all,Kageoni,"Yeah, I wouldn't call this a finished product, considering you can't even toggle anything in the damn graphics options. Oh and just to clarify i did try two methods they suggest you to try for the issue, zilch."
,Not Recommended,230190,18139316,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Pinochets HelO Rides,"Bought this game expecting dungeon keeper 3.The first mission was fun, except it won't complete. Bugged and broken, thanks."
76561198221903504,Not Recommended,230190,15220999,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,tommysavage,"This has been my first experience of 'War of the Overworld' and Steam in general and it has not been a favourable one.Upon starting up the game I am greeted with a black screen as it attempts to load. The endless blackness drew me in and opened my mind to such deep philosophical questions as 'is it ethical to allow people to buy a product that clearly does not work?', 'how can releasing an incomplete game even be legal?' and 'how the hell do I get my freakin' money back?!'. Upon resolving myself with the less than satasfactory revelations these questions posed, a flash of blinding light released me from the hold of the load screen and I read the words, 'WFTO has stopped working' - which is quite a feat considering it never worked in the first place.This game does not work. And when, by some miracle, it does work, it still does not work; it is too slow to be played and I can barely navigate the tedious menu. The only way to make this game work is to find a previously downloaded file called 'Dungeon Kepper 2' and play that instead.I am very unhappy with WFTO. I am very unhappy with Steam. And very unhappy with the stain the combination of these two ""products"" have placed upon the gaming industry in genereal. It's like paying upfront for an apple and then discovering it's rotten. And also that it's a melon.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT SUPPORT STEAM."
76561198007260592,Recommended,230190,15174596,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hegemony,Dungeon Keeper 3
76561198130885134,Not Recommended,230190,15245458,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Deadpool,I just bought the game but it doesnt work all i get is a blackscreen with no sound waste of £20.
76561198009314206,Not Recommended,230190,16547367,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,parks.85,"After playing Evil Genius, I starting searching for more base building games. If you are thinking of giving this one a go, you might check out Dungeons 2. The story mode is really lacking in both this game and in D2, but D2's skirmish mode is worth checking out, this game however.... move along."
,Recommended,230190,12362760,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sarawut,very good game. similar to the old ones ^^
76561197992804317,Not Recommended,230190,15190181,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SpecialK,"I started game up properly but main game errors when i start, wish i could get my money back"
76561198043426039,Not Recommended,230190,15210068,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The perverted chibi,"This game is not finished, but when it is - It's gonna be ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC!It really feels like the DK of old.I have to date only found 1 bug - But it's memory leak, so after 5 minutes my computer crashes. So I really hope you fix this soon :)But when you do, I'm gonna find your game and play the **** out of it. SO GOOD."
,Recommended,230190,34094253,Posted: 7 August,all,ChuckoMay,Waunt sum Dungeen Keper?  Thys Gime es perfeck.Tin/10
,Recommended,230190,15166993,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Uasily Zaaebatsu,Better then DK
,Not Recommended,230190,31723072,Posted: 13 May,all,timothy.dorr,This is too laggy to enjoy.  I think I've spent as much time troubleshooting the issue as I've played the game.
,Not Recommended,230190,15219661,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MagicToko.nl,"This game should not have been ""released"", there is nothing ""release""-worthy about it. Crashes a lot and it is thus unplayable."
,Not Recommended,230190,15211094,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Happymartin,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE VISTA.The game will barely get to startup and then crash as soon as you hit the play game button.Do not waste your $25, save it for something more worth the price.Do not make an account for their forum, you'll be wasting your breath as the Dev's do an immediate after launch series of bug fixes they apparantly didn't bother to CHECK for.If you're still interested, then save your money  to upgrade, otherwise with Steam having no refund option, you'll be stuck with this game in your Library, and $25 poorer.IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT THIS REVIEW AND GAME: This is subject to change, I'm saving money to get a better rig, so when I get that rig and am finally able to play it for at least one hour, then this review WILL CHANGE.Do not take this review as me ""hating the game"", I just can't play it properly, and was mad that I burned money on it I can't refund to save or spend on something else."
,Not Recommended,230190,28021904,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Demoshi,Dungeon Keeper 2.5 .  It needs to add some units/ rooms/ enemies before its more than a remastered DK2.
76561198033743232,Not Recommended,230190,20234650,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Honest Eagle,"i wish i could be more positive about this game, because its prequels were such masterpieces, but buying this game was one of the mistakes I made in 2015!I litterly won most of my games by placing the flag in the enemy base and build a couple of beast-pens. For a strategic game, this one was a downer"
,Not Recommended,230190,20364142,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,tG.LITTLEHEAD,"A return to a beloved genre, but with no improvements to the interface as well as multiple occurences of critical bugs (Ex. A single player that required a complete mission restart), it just isn't as enjoyable as one would hope.For $5 or less I could see this being a good time to revisit a classic but aside from that there's not much being offered."
,Not Recommended,230190,23832059,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PrimEvil,I was hopeful when I got this game to have the same fun I had with Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 but... I had multiple issues with the interface and when I did research into it there is a lot of history of this sort of problem. A third party interface software is used which leaves the developer at the mercy of that software and the bugs it's updates cause.
76561198000315168,Recommended,230190,15591822,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mind Reaver,"Still pretty buggy at the time of this review:No ""gamebreaking bugs"" so far though aside from a few crash to desktop between missions.(seems like the menus are harder to code than the actual game :p)If you're ok with those kind of annoyance and you're a fan of DK (Dungeon Keeper), then you should definitely get this game.Also, it's aestethics and global ambiance are closer to the DK1 than DK2 while having functionalities that are closer to DK2 which is a +."
,Not Recommended,230190,15181634,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Evilmordor,I realy like the gameplay but it is unstable it crashes to many times.
,Not Recommended,230190,16835314,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Gamesjunkie,This review based on single-player campaign only.I bought the game just before launch and then waited several weeks for the big patch before playing. The reason being that in the beginning the game menu and save/load screens were very laggy. The patch has improved this though there are still long load times.  I didnt have any problems with performance during gameplay until towards the end of the campaign where the large maps and number of enemies made it almost unplayable on some levels. I pushed through to the final level only to be stopped cold by a bug that wouldnt let me finish. (the invisible barrier...sigh)I was a big fan of the old Dungeon Keeper and so wanted to like this game but in the end I just felt more frustration then fun while playing. The graphics are good and the old narrator is back but the charm for me is missing.Since there's no neutral rating I'm going to have to give this a No.
76561198391527187,Not Recommended,230190,34744485,Posted: 4 September,all,nick_kelsch,"The game has lots of failures. At first, the mouse was terribly sluggish, so I followed many different KB articles to try to get it to work. Once I saw minimal improvement with the MOUSE responsiveness, the UI began to freeze while the game itself kept playing. So menus would change and open, but you couldn't see that happen. Made the game unplayable. I had such high hopes for this Dungeon-Keeper-like game but the implementation is terrible and buggy.Worst thing about it was I spent too much time troubleshooting the multiple failures and now I can't get a refund so I am stuck with this unplayable game. I highly recommend getting a refund ASAP if your system even hints as being slow mouse or buggy UI as it may seem like a tolerable quirk at first on the small levels and turn into an unplayable mess ASAP."
,Recommended,230190,32418386,Posted: 14 June,all,Bmorekareful,Responsible development and a fun game!
,Not Recommended,230190,17025913,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,doodle bug,"Loved DK1 and DK2 and whilst this game looks very promising, it unfortunately does not run at all well.  The larger maps are unplayable and consequently I haven't been able to complete the single player campaign.  If the developer gets these issues fixed it might be worth the money."
76561198063034345,Not Recommended,230190,23230905,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Moirae #GG,I bought this at launch because I loved the original.Got stuck with a bug and performance issues in mission 3 so I left it for a while to be patched.Now I came back to it and got hit by another known bug in mission 5 – would have to replay the level. Then I learn that devs are working on paid dlc. I’m done.
,Not Recommended,230190,33353045,Posted: 7 July,all,AlexGoneLoco,"Okay first of all, this game isn't bad and I'm not trying to say it is. It's a fine game, but I just can't recommend it for several reasons.First of all, it's very very hard. Yes yes, I know, people are going to say crap like ""get gud"" or whatever, but sometimes the issue goes beyond that, like in my case. I have memory and attention impairment issues which do not pair well with these kinds of games. However, I like basebuilding and I usually like the general flow of these games so I like to play them, but on easy difficulty to counteract my impairments. This is not possible in this game, it has one extremely hard difficulty and that's it. It cannot even be modded, so there are no difficulty mods available. This is simply not fair for those of us who paid for this game but cannot access the content we paid for because of disabilities that cannot be helped.Second, the cut scenes can only be hurried but not skipped. It's fine generally, but if you've got to play the same level over and over then you'll be mashing space bar while the camera interrupts you and takes you over to whatever it's talking about. I couldn't find a way to shut this off, but perhaps I just missed it.The voice over is great, and I was enjoying the silly over-the-top evil story for as far as I could reasonably get., but sometimes it gets SO ANNOYING. I know my stupid minion is unhappy, but I literally just started a fight and I can't let the thing go and I would really appreciate if you would SHUT UP ABOUT IT. I've had many occasions were minions get stuck staring at whatever they're supposed to do to make themselves happy but never actually do it. I've had them stand in the middle of a full treasure vault and not pick anything up while the VO keeps reminding me that this minion is unhappy because it hasn't been paid. I've had minions walk out of empty sleeping quarters even though they are tired and the VO keeps saying that minion is unhappy because it's tired. I even have built NEW rooms to try and give more space for those needs and even then the minions ignore them. The whole happiness system is a mess really, I think it should be scrapped.Then I have a lot of little complaints. I don't like mouse scrolling for instance, but there is no option to toggle it. You'd think that would be a given. Why can't I make a guard room? I can only make traps, and traps are pretty weak compared to minions. I think they tried to make up for that part with warbands, but warbands are trash. You can't tell what minions you have in them, if you rally it to a point then minions get unhappy because they are stuck there and can't go satisfy their needs. You can't just assign them to patrol that area like you could with a guard room in the Dungeon Keeper games. These are broken systems that work against you, making an already difficult game much harder and not on the basis of anything good.I do like how it looks, I love how the different rooms have their own looks for reinforced walls, I love how the rooms look in general. I like the graphics and I like the general feel. Everything is just brought tumbling down with an insane difficulty level and broken systems.In the end, I really wish I hadn't wasted my money on a game I can't even play. I'd rather just play the old Dungeon Keeper games, I can actually get through those and enjoy myself. In fact, I think I'll go do just that."
,Not Recommended,230190,15183429,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jack of Hearts,"I loved dungeon keeper and this is a great hommage.The chatacter design, mechanics, and overall feel of the game are exactly as I hoped for.Unfortunately, it's laggy and absolutely riddled with bugs. It could have used another round of beta testing.Also, the mouse cursor is difficult to accurately use and some of the icons are infuriatingly small and hard to click, especially when in a rush trying to defend your dungeon. There needs to be some hot keys and a control menu to let you assign them.In it's current state I can't recommend this game."
76561198055181639,Not Recommended,230190,15240730,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,BlackCorsair,"The game is great, no doubt about that. BUT it is simply not ready, it is not 1.0 it is an early alpha. Tons of bugs make it barely playable. I am sorry but at this stage it is not recommended. Developers please stop relising half made games calling it finished."
76561198071992327,Not Recommended,230190,30041884,Posted: 19 February,all,howie,"Game play is good when it plays, but i have never played a game with so many faults! I have to restart the game at least once every time i try to play and its extremely annoying"
76561198064936633,Not Recommended,230190,31050133,Posted: 9 April,all,wordwaster,"ya know...i didn't initially post a negative review of this game out of respect for Dungeon Keeper.    But today i saw that you guys decided to charge extra for ""my pet dungeon"", something that should have been in the base game.no.   just no.   does not recapture the magice of dungeon keeper.    this game is fail."
,Recommended,230190,14272865,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Cheerilee,very fan so far thier is not much but it is still a beta so it is wroth it tho it is like  Dungeon Keeper very much so and they did better job then  Dungeon Keeper did on thier game so ya it is wroth the money for this game
76561198000624335,Recommended,230190,15208843,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Antiga,"Slapped an imp to death to conserve mana.10/10, it's good to be bad."
,Recommended,230190,12758341,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Crescent Wolven,"Can use a lot of help with the gameplay and such, I only was able to get a hang of it when I actually died twenty times at least, but this is a great game when you get past the crashes, the fact that a lot of the minions beds look more like seats, and when you posses a minion you can't make it do anything, this is a decent/good game all together."
76561197989668693,Not Recommended,230190,16974378,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,icU°Sweetkiller,this game has to many memmory problems. they dont seem to wurrie about fixing it  but instead focus on those rare ppl who can run 16gb ram games and add new content.  the game laggs all around with alot of game breaking bugs. this game must be made a real game give it another year orso maybe it will be bether in 2016.
,Recommended,230190,12420542,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Maw,Can't wait for the finished version of this game. This is basically the dungeon keeper I've been looking for.
,Recommended,230190,30933568,Posted: 3 April,all,Obeydustin,Great Game!
76561197996125901,Not Recommended,230190,31416666,Posted: 28 April,all,drolkoek,"I think they missed a great opportunity. This could have been great had they moved more towards DK1 instead of DK2. DK1 imps were little rocketships - DK2 imps were lazy and stupid just like in WFTO. The ambience in DK1 was one of the main reasons the game has such a cult following. This game feels abit childish and very geeky. And there is also way to many things to build/use. I don't know why constructs couldn't just be normal traps. Then you have spells, alchemy and rituals... it's just too much and I don't see how you would use it in multiplayer. You can complete the whole campaign without using any of the alchemy potions.Sorry guys, this is a swing and miss."
,Not Recommended,230190,23933874,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lilin,"The most annoying Dungeon Keeper-like game to date.This review/opinion is based on the two campaigns which are included.Both of them are a complete mess and almost every single mission will annoy you to no end.The game takes away from the room building and focuses on just pushing armies around while leaving you as little square space to build on as possible. There is no room wall bonus or keeping things tidy, drop all OCD and enjoyment because this game will force you to rush through every single god damn mission.There is a level editor and you could make some non-annoying maps, but that part is not for everyone.It does not make up for the really REALLY bad campaigns.Skip this one and get one of the other dungeon keeper games here on steam."
76561198043330923,Not Recommended,230190,15236468,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Razguul,"Not recommended until they fix the critical bugs, crashes, increasing lag as you play thru levels, and corrupted savegames. Should never have come out of Early Access. Plus multiplayer was in and then removed."
76561198053840759,Not Recommended,230190,15218561,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gmandancer,"READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUYthis game does not start, you shall get get a black screen and then it will crash.I am not the only one with this problem and it seems to be on their end. do not buy until this is fixed"
76561198049228814,Not Recommended,230190,17737235,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Lord Simius the Filthy,My laptop specs way exceed that of even the recommended but even having followed the instructions for forcing it to use the right graphics card (shuold not need to do this in the first place) and turned everything down to minimum it still runs like a donkey with 3 legs and an asthma problem...when it does run it is not what I'd call a successor to DK or DK2. Plenty of niggles and that sense of simple casual-gaming fun isn't there. WftO should be a step forward or at the very least a repeat - feels like an unfinished game and a big step back.
76561197993912153,Not Recommended,230190,31313348,Posted: 22 April,all,Boa_CVH,Fun for a while but in the end this is just another developer hiding an unbalanced game behind mission timers.
,Not Recommended,230190,30297237,Posted: 3 March,all,archaon the everchosen,does not work for me i have windows 10 every time i start the game it says critical eror steamworks is not initialized. anyone knows how to fix the problem???
76561198065009850,Not Recommended,230190,15182283,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MadRobbo,Cant even start the first level. Disapointed
,Not Recommended,230190,17333031,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Seige,"if you like crap code, crashes, multilpayer that doesnt work,  then waste your money away on this.bleh"
76561198073023972,Not Recommended,230190,31087772,Posted: 11 April,all,TapTap&ITimU42,"i bought this in beta about 2 years ago. It was seriously lacking then, not much improved since. pretty glitchy still and not recommended"
,Not Recommended,230190,23283469,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tanya,"Crash during my first loading, and had to wait 5 hours to see if this game work.>nothing.5 whole hours of nothing. The loading stuck, crash report appear, and meh.Tried to send the game report to dev-forum, but im not waiting anymore."
76561198029959851,Not Recommended,230190,15533672,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,unseen_83,Unfinnish ! Buggy ! made by LAzzy Leech Developer !  GO BUY  Dungeon 2 ! much better term of Graphic ! game Stability! and Mission! oh +! a added Warcraft 3 you can go croosover to overworlds ! insteads just Dungeon worlds... xxx
76561198043577795,Not Recommended,230190,29431259,Posted: 22 January,all,chrisparentsculpts,"This game is NOT Dungeon Keeper. If you aren't looking for a modernized Dungeon Keeper then maybe you will enjoy War for the Overworld, but if you are I'm sorry to say this is another dud.  It's clear that the creators of this game wanted to make a clone, they even got the same voice actor for narration. but they didn't execute it well enough.  The visual and narrative style of this game takes itself way too seriously, and overall the game seems like it's trying way too hard to be cool.  Every level is a gimmick and is geared towards the AI having a distinct advantage.  The campaign is annoying and tedious, with almost no standard destroy the opponent missions and many timed objective based ones instead.  In addition this game is poorly optimized and regularly skips during play for no reason. I could go on about my complaints but the bottom line is that this game is no Dungeon Keeper, if that's what you want you should boot up DK2 and replay it...that's what I'm doing."
76561198039190475,Recommended,230190,12447039,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Yeah Boi,I love this game and would play the seires that this spawned from but im too drunk. Also why do i have to re buy this game what the hell
,Not Recommended,230190,30086782,Posted: 21 February,all,Neeber,Devs still haven't fixed a bug that's been in the game at least since release causing the main menu to be invisible -_- 0/10
76561198028014380,Recommended,230190,30932976,Posted: 3 April,all,kurenai101,A solid 5/7
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,230190,17682523,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,I bought this after playing dungeons 2.And i have to say dungeons 2 is better then this game in every expect.The gameplay is dull.The units are reskin.The combat boring.The grapich are from the year 2000.This game screams unfineshed to me.If you consider buying it i suggest dungeons 2.Better overall game.
,Not Recommended,230190,23271785,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Blind IO,Hopefully I'll figure out how to get it working... tutorial 1: click and drag to select an area for your minions to dig out. Nothings happening. Non starter at the moment..
76561197993894575,Not Recommended,230190,31515006,Posted: 2 May,all,bumbaclad,Bought this game years ago in early access and been waiting to write a review. Now that a DLC has been released I believe I delayed this long enough. The game is bad; really bad. To the point of where I believe these developers had no business in game development to begin with.I bought in early because I loved the idea of a new dungeon keeper. I played the early access and gave my feedback; nothing has improved. Firstly the game is unplayable because of constant unity garbage collection lag spikes. Every 10 seconds there is a lag spike; unacceptable and I would consider it broken and unplayable. My second gripe is the scaling when  zooming. The minions scale relatively to the environment which makes them tiny on any zoom level worth playing at. I would much rather have the minions scale larger as the camera is zoomed out. I complained of this early on but there to busy not fixing there lag spikes to implement my suggestion I guess.To sum it up the game is a lagfest that you have to zoom all the way in to see; making it unplayable.
76561198084564734,Not Recommended,230190,20188927,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HatchetHarry,Meh difficult... obtuse
,Recommended,230190,28355565,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,awesome
,Recommended,230190,17025186,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Xefolyn,its ok
,Not Recommended,230190,16853268,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cookj71,"Hi All,I really want to like this game, but it's still really a beta at best, and seems very close to almost an alpha in my book.  So much is broken if you really play this game, especially in sandbox mode and skirmish against the AI.  It's very hard to really build up a force of any kind.  Unit managmenet is hurendous.  There is so much potential here, it's just all miss managed.  There is so much broken here.  And to top it off.  When you play skirmish, it's againts another Underlord?!? WHAT is that about.  I want to play a cool anti-hero game.  Not a game againtst myself.  It's like if Starcraft was Bugs vs Bugs only for skirmish mode. :(Hope they really overhaul this game.  I bought it ages ago when still alpha.  So sad to see what the release is.... :("
,Not Recommended,230190,29925543,Posted: 14 February,all,i_hate_coffee,"Being new to this game, I first tried the campaign.But that made me lose intrest in this game completly. Why? Because I only managed to beat level one and got stuck at level two. The second level is so buggy that its really no fun.If you dont do everything in the correct order the ""Quest"" gets stuck. If for example you first build a lair and barracks and it then tells you to make a tunnle and claim the gateway, even after claiming the gateway the quest is stuck there.Or if you build the archives AFTER the gatewa, barracks, etc even if you get a massage that you got new sins, the sins dont show up in that purple orb. And you cant open the vines of evil.I had to build that food-get-place but even after i builed it (3x3 just like the game wanted) the game didnt advance the quest and got stuck.This game isnt early-accessso it should not be this buggy.Sorry for my bad english."
,Recommended,230190,30761616,Posted: 26 March,all,Jason Demonic,Liked it
76561198080924651,Not Recommended,230190,16246246,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,kristoffon,"I have had this game since it debuted as early access and as I write this it's now been several weeks since the ""release"".Regretfully for someone who loved Dungeon Keeper II, this game is simply not good on several fronts. First off, it's far from anything remotely deserving of being called ""released"". It's barely playable, the framerate is in the single digits (and I have a beefy computer). The interface is entirely inadequate, there are a bunch of rooms that Ihave no idea what they do or how to use them and it isn't explained anywhere.For a game that set out to improve on DK2, on that count they have failed. The gameplay is bland, the maps are poorly designed, the missions are boring and drag on and on (made worse by the abysmal framerate). Of all the amazing traps of DK and DK2, this game has like four. Which all suck. Perhaps in an attempt to disguise that, the traps have toggleable ""modes"" but I have no idea what they do, the interface doesn't tell and I forgot what the tutorial said when they were introduced 5 missions back.If you're feeling nostalgic for DK2, just play DK2 again."
,Not Recommended,230190,13083484,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tr💩ller Skates,"This game is said to be the next Dumgeon Keeper, but it is lacking in all that mad theoriginal Bullfrog games so wonderful.The game is ugly, everything being a dull brown or gray or muddy green, and has none of the sense of humor of the original.Even as an early access game, it's painfully incomplete. There is very little gameplay, and what is there is uninteresting. The updates are very infrequent and don't really add much.Steer clear for now, maybe return in a few years to see if a real game has been made of it. When you get a Dungeon Keeper craving, play the originals."
76561198010858187,Recommended,230190,12811340,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Japajoy,Dungeon Keeper is back!!!!!!
76561197988309907,Not Recommended,230190,14998671,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,al_cur3n201,"UI not responsive when any action is going on. Game is definitely not playable. At least with better specs than the minimum specified. Even the main menu buttons look unresponsive when being clicked or hovered....I have a dual core 3Ghz and the game goes up to 100% and starts lagging. I bet they have not tried to play the game with a machine with the minimum specs. The game will start yes, but it cannot be played. Those optimistic minimum specs should be updated, unless you still want to trick people into buying a game they won´t be able to enjoy.I also tried to lower the resolution to see if that could fix the problem, but then you cannot even scroll the screen properly right and left... funny that at this stage there are still problems like theseCreatures also sometimes hang in their positions doing nothingOverall, the game is bad. Worst 30 euros spent in a very long time..."
76561198058051773,Not Recommended,230190,23288001,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jeru9694,"Well just paid 25 quid for this game and was horrified to see how bad it looks when trying to play. Text is blurry, graphics low rate. I can not make out buttons or controls, tried all manor of graphic settings most on my own pc as the game has almost non and is unable to chance actual resolution. funny thing is i dont even know what res it is running as far too blury.my advice stay the hell away from this disapointment."
76561197993683039,Not Recommended,230190,31512715,Posted: 2 May,all,Commander Tom,"Bugs,that about sums this game up."
76561198020265869,Not Recommended,230190,22761330,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,vur_y,"I would like to state that my whole review will be extremely biased, offensive and discriminative against game types, publishers and developers so if you become easily offended please do not read this review. But I believe the hard-core gamers will understand me even if they will not agree with me.First: I don’t think that there will be ever any middle level or above Dungeon Keeper (DK) fun that will be pleased with this game. You know that for most of us, our scariest nightmare is either the developer or the game itself to be bought by the company gamEs for retArts (gEAy games). It is usually means either the death of the series, or the idea, or the product or the any original thing in that production or the producer group. We are already not expecting any creative or exotic or extreme ideas or games from a company who only focuses on sales thus only produces football, basketball and f. king racing games that have no atmosphere, no story, no emotion, no idea, no intelligence,  for shosers. Yes these people are not gamers they are definite anti-social shosers who are not able to pick a ball and play at their garden, (or they can be minors but again same brain age) whatever… Hence we were not expecting anything that can satisfy us from the gEAy or any company controlled by gEAy as a sequel of DK, or Black and White (BW). That company is created for rounded games and for rounded people to kick so no offense for them.Second: On the other hand, you emerged from nothing in order to revive a cult game. Yes DK is a cult game with no similar and especially the first one was not designed for everyone. With the music, difficulty, ideas, strategies… it was unique.-	It was far serious than the DK2-	Even the names of the spells and the narrator were the part of the dark atmosphere-	Game was not too short and there were strategic options on the map.-	Blood-gore level was far more higher-	The player and its dark army was the evil part however was not the strongest, there were characters like Avatar who can take your whole horde down at least 3 times.-	The game was difficult. It was not possible to finish the game in few days.-	The map and the ongoing story were far more darker and had a perfect atmosphere-	Music were dark and suitable to the environment-	The creatures were giving the feeling of the intelligence-	Even there were conflicts between some creatures such as wizards and vampires, bile demons and skeletons...etc. so it was difficult to organise the dungeon.-	There were many details for captives, it was required different procedures to make them ghost, skeleton, vampire.. etc.-	There were more torture machines and screams than the WAR for Overword and this was the main concept of the game so F… you.-	Was not automatically finishing the level when you win the mapThird:  Yes DK2 was different. It has not got some of the above characteristics however it had some other things that made it acceptable as a sequel and successful for fanatics like me.-	This time we had black humour and the deep darkness of the game was a bit broken by the jokes and short clips.-	However the gore was there with more colourful wars, aggressive atmosphere and action.-	The music was gone crazy. It was best experience I ever had with intelligence system that changes the music with increasing aggression in the game. The music was sometimes the war atmosphere itself. Many times forced me to possess and join to the bathe with them.-	Ok spells were not mystical and powerful like DK… No plague, no armaggedon, no shield.. but still they were colourful and functional. Yes they really lack when you compare with DK but yes as long as you can have bile demons behind you and go to battle as a dark knight or dark angel aside with horned reaper…. Yes still acceptable-	Horned reaper become an exceptional creature/character with a call function but hey that was fun. It was amazing to feel that artificial intelligence of heroes make you feel their fear they felt against horned reaper.-	The game was not short again. She story was more colourful and rich. There were lots of levels with various difficulties.-	Narrator was more active bit funny but was not NPC of the game who intends be the secret antagonist in the game.-	Was not automatically finishing the level when you win the map-	The king with two blades and stone guardians were epic at the end of the game. And it was a real feeling of shame when the game ended. We all wanted and desired for more.-	Still we were the evil side there were no “corrupted king” that yells as “kill me hahaha take the flesh on me set me free because developers are bunch of story f…ing unintelligent midiots”Fourth: Ok we all know about copyright issues, difficulties of being an independent company, trying to develop something on a heritage of a good game etc. However If you are going to use the name “War for the Overworld” it means you have come up with something that can really be a continuation of DK games with higher quality and more offerings. Otherwise you can change the name of the game as “Dungeons” do not claim anything from the DK heritage, make a funny and rubbish game like this than we never blame you.On War for the Overworld-	We haven’t see any war above the ground. That name was intended for that purpose, you remember? DK3 was planned to be the story of rising over the ground from the dungeons… Even the funny game “Dungeons 2” made it with a way which combines Warcraft 3 and DK2, but you… nope sorry…-	Game was ridiculously short.-	Other underlords and their jokes were disgusting.-	The creatures… Yes you have to offer new ones I can completely understand. And a succubus was a good substitute for the mistress. And ogre was a good idea. Beast master was different but not functional. But what the f… is a Chunder? Do you think that what you placed a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll in game and make it fart like a bile demon it will become a substitute for both of them? It is not even a Bileroll or Trol Demon.-	Yes it became really fancy to summon a vampire and to feed them. Necromancers were good too and that ghouls may replace skeletons. But sorry you still lack of black knights and dark angels (or something that can be substitute of them)-	Bile demons and horned reaper were signature creatures. I understand that you cannot replace them easily with something else. But you had chance to reference them in game. They were the atmosphere of DK and DK2. Not even a easter egg … f.. you!-	Titans…. No, sorry. They are neither unique nor add something to the gameplay or the atmosphere. Neither scary nor have a character.-	Music? F… you! What music?-	Story? F… you! What story? “the story of evil king that emerges suddenly and explodes all you dungeon and a traitor narrator voice”…. wow-	Atmosphere? F… you! What darkness? What aggression?... none of them were available in this game.-	That torture chambers are just a disappointment. You are the disappointment…-	Spells… F… you!-	Traps… I hope you someone sticks that blade lotus in your…. Nose.-	… just tell me what do you offer more than DK and DK2?You see if you are not able to do something good without Peter Douglas Molyneux why in the world you are over forcing your brains to do something that they are not capable of and ruin all of the product, idea? You see that that guy was in same conditions with you and created a game which is called GODUS and with that he may not be trying to revive another legend which is Black and White series however he created something at least as beautiful as B and W and made the fanatics happy.So please go find and internship somewhere close to the Peter Douglas Molyneux and don’t touch the DK series again."
76561197999375901,Not Recommended,230190,25298441,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Uethredyes,My Anti-Virus blocks it and refuses to make an acception for it. After a work around it gets to the main menu where it freezes. Unable to play the game. I have many games that are much more complicated that this game looks and have not had to overcome problems as basic as this.
76561198008956724,Recommended,230190,12561043,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Boredgeek,This game looks and feels like Dungeon Keeper of old. I cannot wait for the full game to be finished and released!
76561197995268846,Not Recommended,230190,24669862,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zorak the mighty,"Horribly buggy, stupid AI and poorly designed UI."
76561198067412819,Recommended,230190,32629675,Posted: 21 June,all,solonlia,"Multi-Function Trainer (CheatEngine Table), require CheatEngine 6.7 or later. Download if you need it, and have fun!http://fearlessrevolution.com/download/file.php?id=2578PS: I don't take any credits towards this trainer, it is shared on a free website."
76561198184093825,Recommended,230190,14891406,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Darkermax,tbh it's a total joke i'v paid all this money for a game thats still in BATA what a rip... and to top it off i'm doing lvl 3 and once iv done it the game keeps crashing i wish i could get my money back this long to make a game and even money off kick starter i thing that need a good kickstart..!!
,Recommended,230190,12717481,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TrinTong,They say this game is Dungeon Keeper's True Successor.What I get my hand on it right now is just alpha or beta state of the game.IT DO LIVE UP TO THAT PROMISE ALREADY !!
76561197986206793,Not Recommended,230190,21510348,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,madhatterzero,"I bought this game when it first showed up on Steam. Ive had the game for over a year now. I hate this game. It NEVER actually came out. It still hasn't. This is a complete joke. Take out a loan. Hire some game developers and FINISH THIS GAME.To be fully honest. I demand a refund. Over a year and this game still doesnt actually work. Its a complete joke. Its buggy and has less than 10 hours of campaign????You owe EVERY SINGLE EARLY ACCESS Customer a REFUND. 100% refund. Hell you should pay us interest on that refund.  I dont care how good this game could get. I care about how much of a joke its been.I want my money back and I hope to never ever hear about this game again as long as I live. If you cant make a full game, THEN DONT!"
,Not Recommended,230190,15247024,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gizi o v o,"what i posted on there Community hub:want my money back.....how about it, you get your ""Game"" back and i my Money?bought it yesterday so it almost fresh and you toucht my 25€ probly also so?--after alot of people posting i wont get it back because steam and poeple started to discuse about if it good or not--first, i know, im long enouth with steam to know i wont get it... v.vstill saying how i feel about this""full released"" product is importen, why? because otherwise there is nothing for other to researchand importen, this game is not 28€(full price) justified for good -bugmaybe if you are a virgin in gaming and thats ok but accept it, is not a good for 28€Many design choices that they mad form a Game that they copyed to 75-90% are to use lesser ressorces for this buggy mess, but they call it balancing.i dont want to tsart a discusion about that hir, all i do is saying it glass clear how i feel about this product that is""Full released""i want my money back."
76561198067444692,Not Recommended,230190,31189680,Posted: 16 April,all,Sosje,"i preordered the game,, and now pet dungeon is a DLC! what ,, i feel♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198073386715,Recommended,230190,9535042,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,jonathanchong,"really bad, bug filled - don't buy it!"
76561198106830121,Recommended,230190,28345092,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Z0X_Pyttez,Is realy fungame :D9/10
76561197999067407,Recommended,230190,15174514,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Neonshuffler,Feels like the true sequal the orignal dungeon keeper.
76561198015531388,Not Recommended,230190,14208317,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,-CML- Agent_Orange,"if you were looking for a DK2 sequal this is not it,  way to overly complicated.  If you enjoyed DK2 as much as i did, you wont enjoy this, as its nothing like it.They should of just stuck with the same game mecahincs and just prettied it up, waste of money i say considiering how long its been.Summary, Dungeon Keeper 2 is 15 years old and is still far superior to this in every way."
,Not Recommended,230190,11093800,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,lotharn,"Theyre working on making another dungeon keeper it seems, one of my favorite games of all time. However it's not anywhere near ready to be called a game. Its really more of a basically functional alpha. Not much really ""fun"" about it, the minions lack style, the rooms behave oddly, and the mechanics that made DK so much fun are pretty much lost. It would seem that alot of the menus and and play are just sorta clunky and lack feedback that would make them more fun.I really think that the Devolpers should buy a copy of Evil Genius and Dungeon Keeper 2, It would make me feel better about the future of the project"
76561197988745571,Not Recommended,230190,9924404,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Stop!  I'm Baby JESUS!,"Warning!!!Purchase options are for the ""Bed Rock"" condition for this game...Please modify purchase options to reflect this fact..  (e.g. (Bed-Rock-Beta))This is confusing for those new to ""Early access games"".ThanksN~"
76561198034642877,Not Recommended,230190,14974267,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Skzitesek von Pazyzek,"First time writing review...but why not:)It was a nice idea to bring back to life DK. but at this moment it is a terrible game. Yes, there are some nice new ideas, yes, it is a little bit nicer graphic..... But overall feeling is a naseau of dissapointment from so much things which could have moved in better direction.I do understand it is an early access game....and seeing rip offs made by old companies by turning HD, adding bugs and selling for new money it could be taken as nice undertaking...but again.They got money on kickstart, early access here should be at least playable and a little bit smooth...without that much content but a least that.They focues on content and lost fun, playability and feeling of old DK.Cheers,BTW: Will keep in my library, might be that they get to good game in 6-12 months timeframe..."
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,230190,14868941,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gorgeous_Joe,I was going to slate this as being woefully unbalanced in the campaign and leave it at that as I couldnt get past stage 3 I think it was but then I played the sandbox and I think if you can stick with it campaign wise it will probably give you some enjoyment eventually but the sad truth is that with the soon to be arrival of  Dungeons 2 this game will seem like a pale comparison and I didnt like Dungeons but they seem to have listened and maybe created a game to carry on the DK spirit which is bad news for Overworld.Its just all taken too long to get from A to B and there is a lot in the pot all mashed together. They would have been better off concentrating on the core game that was so great with DK/DK2 then releasing all the rest as add ons but here we are now and without even a finished product they find themselves up a shiny new toy in the shape of Dungeons 2.I suppose this game is now the example of what happens when there is too much input from the community and good people try to please everyone all at once. I'm glad that the game still has very positive reviews but I cant recommend this to anyone......I just played DK2 on the emulator and enjoyed it more. My advice play DK2 until Dungeons 2 comes out and if that turns out to be a turd like the first one then wait around for Overworld.
76561198011799633,Not Recommended,230190,8188385,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bleatmop,I honestly can't reccomend anyone buy this game at this point. That is because it is not a game at all. It's little more than a tech demo and needs a LOT of work yet before it should have ever been put into prerelease sales. This review is subject to change once they get it out of this alpha state but until then it gets a solid thumbs down.
76561198036092004,Not Recommended,230190,20554018,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ZrEuRsGh,
,Not Recommended,230190,32688641,Posted: 23 June,all,Renard,"Doesn't work on ubuntu 16.04.2 with the latest nvidia drivers. First time ever i'll use the refund feature, thanks steam! Can't recommend it to any linux or steamos user."
,Not Recommended,230190,34704739,Posted: 3 September,all,HappyWillyMonkey,Do you like to be rushed? Do you like to feel like you are working? Do you like to be nagged at by an arsy narrator? Then this game is for you.
76561198046817185,Not Recommended,230190,8975089,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,beefyging,just paid £16 for this thinking that you would at least get to play the game to a certain extent.  instead all you got a sandbox map where you can build as much as you want with  no computer AI. bloody pointless purchase!!  if knowing this i would of waited till the game is actually released..........
76561198065811506,Not Recommended,230190,28361969,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Yorrick Adler,"Doesn't run on my PC (Windows 10, 8 GB RAM, ...) No menu appears in the beginning, there is only the cursor and background graphics, so there's nothing to click on to get any further.Since I have absolutely no patience for such things, shall others play it.If I buy a lamp, I expect it to work without any additional fixing, and the same with games."
,Not Recommended,230190,28323496,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,raskolnikov,"I could neither master nor understand the games mechanics after several hours of play. Rushing appears in the least very difficult, inspite of AI enemies who seem to amass a well trained army in the first five minutes; minions train at glacial speeds and defences take too long to be (or frankly never get) built. Recovering from an attack is slow and by that stage there is no point in continuing and with respect to latter campaign levels just became tiresome."
,Not Recommended,230190,30965139,Posted: 5 April,all,Grееdy Gonzales,really bad game....
,Not Recommended,230190,12702534,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[GOTR] Pony Flare,"This appears to be little more than a clone of Dungeon Keeper 2. May as well just play the original. Hopefully some newer, more original content is eventually added to make this a successor rather than a clone so I can change this review...Another potential successor currently in early access has added some original content. It doesn't appear as polished as this, but it does actually feel like a new game inspired by DK rather than simply recreating it."
76561198005604591,Not Recommended,230190,19220167,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Reckonyx,"The game looks and feels to stiff, bad models for some character, no animated movie like in dungeon keeper.Although I am not sure in how far they could copy from dungeonkeeper itself! In my case I wanted to see goblins, trolls, the imps......... same!"
76561197991130852,Not Recommended,230190,23572095,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,derhenrik,"Looking for DK3? Keep looking, this isn't what you're looking for."
76561197998663702,Not Recommended,230190,26692360,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mystex,"Rommel! Thrash! Can't play the game, crash after crash. Can' get a intro menu and the game keeps crashing after 1 sec."
76561198333920010,Not Recommended,230190,34865643,Posted: 10 September,all,Hell_Man,I literally cant play this thing on my laptop. the optimisation is poor eventhough my laptop has the system requirement but my laptop just cant seem to play it even in the lowest setting.
76561198078602284,Not Recommended,230190,35307804,Posted: 29 September,all,Zion,"At first I thought this game to be like Dungeon Keeper 2.There are many unit and rooms, and there is a similarity to the good old DK2.But this game does not have DK2 fun spirit. there is no order in the game only chaos. No fun and no laughter.If you wish (like me) for the good old DK2 heir go for Dungeons 2 !"
76561198006571736,Not Recommended,230190,23383992,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,col.s.ward,"A turned based game that doesn't really require as much strategy as it appear on the surface. Clunky UI. Below Average visuals. An okay game, but it's very low budget and VERY slow. If you can get it for less than $5, give it a shot."
76561198022150196,Not Recommended,230190,33419537,Posted: 9 July,all,13yearsofage,A chaotic mess..
,Not Recommended,230190,13011333,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Baphometis,When is this game updating? Or are you already made a couple of million and decided to just abandon the project like most games which get released early?
,Recommended,230190,23301516,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Spawn,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding cheese cake recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1 cup digestive plain sweet biscuit crumbs3 tablespoons sugar3 tablespoons melted butter40 ounces softened cream cheese1 cup sugar3 tablespoons flour1 tablespoon vanilla1 cup sour cream4 eggsDirections:For The base:.If you're using a dark pan, preheat the oven to 350. If you are using a shiny pan, 375.Combine the crumbs, melted butter and 3 tbsp sugar well and pat onto the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. I also like to very very lightly butter the sides of the pan so that the cheesecake will not stick later on.Bake for 10 mins in your preheated oven and remove. Let it cool while you prepare your batter.For the batter:.Make sure everything is at room temperature.Combine sugar, cheese, flour and vanilla in a big bowl and mix on medium speed till well combined. Don't forget to scrape the bowl as you're doing this.Mix in the sour cream till its incorporated well. Then, add the eggs one by one, mixing well after each addition.Pour the batter into the springform and let it bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes After the baking time, turn off the oven and leave the door ajar. Let the cake cool in there for about 1 1/2 hours.Remove the cake and let it cool thoroughly. Refrigerate overnight.Release the sides of the springform.Eat."
76561198119571545,Not Recommended,230190,23246834,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Negan the Savior,"wish i could give this a good review, but it's just terrible for me, I cant even adjust my resolution because the button for some reason just dosen't work, meaning in short, i cant play it, and spent my hard earned money on a waste of time, i have heard countless bad things about this games bugs , i didn't want to let that ruin it for me but it does, it crashes if i even put the texture quality different to default right as i even click the option, never have i had such a bigger issue with any game and had such a bad experience just AT THE START UP MENU. Lol , ♥♥♥♥ing terrible please fix so i can write a better review"
,Not Recommended,230190,31096326,Posted: 12 April,all,"Trevor ""Shark-BagleMan"" Sharp",Very angry review
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,230190,31990901,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,I wasnt a fan
,Not Recommended,230190,9159837,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,markclive1,"As a massive fan of all of the Dungeon Keeper games I was thrilled when a so called updated version of it was coming out.......and then I played it. Complete waste of money. I know it's early days but the graphics are poor, the creatures are poor, theres no content and what content there is is a badly made rip off of the rooms etc from DK. Poor poor effore"
,Not Recommended,230190,9234160,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nicklas,"At this stage this game has nothing to offer, get Evil Genius instead that is a great game."
,Not Recommended,230190,7922456,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Slimdizzle,"This game is a Dungeon Keeper clone. The rooms are being designed to be different it seems but along similar lines as well as the creatures. The game shows promise and is receiving regular updates however in its current state i would not recommend the price tag. It is extremely early in the development with only a handful of rooms and spells developed giving a very limited number of different creatures. Key features are missing or not yet implemented for example the minimap and creatures tab meaning you never know how many creatures you have or what ones you have. unfortunately the number of bugs in this early stage is also large and at times makes it unplayable examples being, losing cursor, cursor stuck in selection mode.The game shows promise and hopefully in the future once it progresses it will deliver something that any fan of dungeon keeper will enjoy. If you want to support the development by all means purchase the title now but if you are looking for a game you can play here and now you best wait as this is not for you....yet. Happy gaming!"
,Not Recommended,230190,9072661,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Anth,"don't buy this, its incredibly buggy and barely qualifies as an alpha."
76561198131053051,Not Recommended,230190,9701098,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,kyle.burbano,mine will not let me play.........id like my money back unless it can be fixed
76561198049188391,Not Recommended,230190,28360379,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,truess5,"Mi piacerebbe scrivere una recensione se il gioco mi permettesse di giocare, invece di provocare un crash disastroso che richiede il riavvio forzato del computer ogni volta che provo ad avviare il tutorial."
76561198071647500,Not Recommended,230190,31614290,Posted: 7 May,all,MustBe,i bought this game only to see a black screan i feel like 22 quid is not worth is as i have a gaming pc and it hasent even done the main menu at all it just lags like hell.
76561197971746470,Not Recommended,230190,8971791,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Clanless,"Can not recommend since I can't finish a single game before the game freezes and crashes. And I'm sorry to say this but this feels like a pale copy of the original, it's worse in every single aspect. I would take a HD version of the original over this any day of the week. The dark and fun humor (or gameplay) just isn't there."
76561198156290284,Not Recommended,230190,12265348,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,edward.searle,game doesn't start.....
76561198042741844,Not Recommended,230190,9484530,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,IRON HIDE,An Exact copy of a game i used to play in the 90's called Dungeon Keeper. no new content. Highly recommend you to avoid this game until it goes to 1 or 2 dollars.
76561198078741545,Not Recommended,230190,33842586,Posted: 27 July,all,tunebm,Unable to start up even a single mission....Do not buy this game...No solutions in sight either
76561198017335840,Not Recommended,230190,34993872,Posted: 16 September,all,Blood,"All the positive reviews are from people who like this dungeon keeper thing, which is a game I guess.In reality this game is too buggy to be enjoyed."
,Not Recommended,230190,8299537,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mrooxx,absolute garbage
76561197970628250,Not Recommended,230190,32647020,Posted: 22 June,all,Kylotonn,Don't buy it.
,Recommended,230190,18842003,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sentaku,Love it! I am a huge fan of DK and DK2 and was very sad when they cancelled 3 but this is superb!!! I recommend 100% to anyone who is a fan of the franchise. Even as a first time player it is very fun and from what ive played so far runs smoothly and has good campaigns.Thank you so much to the developers for making this and fulfilling my childhood!
76561198051546064,Recommended,230190,18841470,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Yamantaka,Fun game!I'm only superficially familiar with Dungeon Keeper. This game seems pretty fun and good.
,Recommended,230190,18078979,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Peanut366,It's a great game.  It reminds me of Dungeon Keeper.
76561198085231783,Recommended,230190,30609924,Posted: 19 March,all,Varangon,"An simplified gameplay for a very addictive game.WTO is the kind of game that one would play after a hard day at work: Very easy to play, yet extremely fun.Easy because the AI poses no threat to you, fun because the game it offers so many features.Like having access to various spells, rooms, creatures.The game is visually nice and the UI has improved since D1/D2.The voice acting is also good and sounds effects are more than decent.The only drawback is that the game is too easy. Not only AI will only defend its self during the entire campaign, giving you the choice of when and where to attack, and you will never be out of gold.This means that you are full control of what is going on. It is up to you to decide when you want to finish a level.I spent 80% of the time maximising my dungeon, creating the most efficient system for my creatures.10 % for exploration which is mostly happening at the begining and a little bit towards the end.10% for combats, mostly at the end.Definitively worth a buy on sales.8/10"
,Recommended,230190,10081459,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,dguerri,"This game has been very promising... from more than a year now.Simply it can't be played on OSX. It crashes every 5 mins. Moreover, believe me, it is nt a beta, it is an alpha.I can't believe Steam published such a raw game that it is unlikely to be finished any time soon.EDIT:Well, it has been a while since I played this game. It changed a lot and now it is quite enjoyable.Campaign mode is now pretty decent and the game doesn't crash every 10 minutes :)I think the developers have done a great job. This is Dungeon Keeper 3 now, no doubt about it.But I am still convinced that the early access (especially for Mac) had been released way too soon.I am changing my vote now (29/10/2015)."
76561198024268697,Recommended,230190,18926588,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,EasterBunny,"If you like DK1 ad 2 then you will probobly get your $30 worth out of this game. It is fun to play MP and has a nice single player story mode.After playing for a day i've only found 2 things i didnt like about the game. The first is it seems no one, dev's included, know the exact numbers around how minions spawn and population caps. For expample you'll make a 3x3 baricks, and get 2 minions to spawn, in another game you get 5 to spawn, in a 3rd game you only get 1 to spawn (exact same base setup each time, exact same map). The only other complaint i have is when playing against AI on the hardest dificulty, his titan randomly becomes immune to damage, and when it happens it remains that way for the rest of the game."
76561197983153729,Recommended,230190,19358442,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mayo,"Very good game! If you playd the classic Dungeon Keeper games, you know how this one works! Buy and play!"
76561198063209654,Recommended,230190,18083424,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,fooey,"Awesome. If you were a fan of Dungeon Keeper back in the day, buy this game. Otherwise, buy this game."
,Recommended,230190,19377401,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ajikeshi,"The game everybody was waiting for since Dungeon Keeper 2!And not a single bug, or glitch so far."
76561197964062737,Recommended,230190,19542154,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,neldorth,"lots of great ideas.  It is great to be evil again .. been missing DK who is unfortunately unplayable on Windows 10, WFTO replaces easily and satisfactorily.Is it a perfect game ? no. Some minor UI glitches, sometimes it is a mess to understand how battle is going. But the pleasure of been evil again outwaits the minor issues and the devs seem pretty active and keen on improving the experience.Diffficulty is well balanced. Not easy but not monstrously undoable, just fun to play."
,Recommended,230190,30474429,Posted: 12 March,all,Social Mechanic,"When this gam,e came out it had all kinds of balancing issues and glitches.However, it has improved drastically, and I'd suggest this game to anyone who liked Dungeon Keeper.The mechanics are slightly different, but they still make sense for balancing purposes.Fantastic game."
,Recommended,230190,8000594,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tenchiken,"Looks promising. I hope that it will remake DK and go even further — provided that there is ""further"" at all."
76561198025110148,Recommended,230190,10107892,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lux-Vertas,"Well, With limited Knowledge of Dungion Keeper It's a realy fun game and I feel bad for missing out on the origin of this Game...ANYWAY:I know it's buggy, Hell I can't Finish the tutorial because I got a weird glitch when doors can't be placed or Built (that's a little embaressing for the devs) But It is still fun! It works well and building a MASSIVE underworld lair is just... Too much fun! this will be fun to see what will be added! Ohh I feel so lucky!"
,Recommended,230190,9137408,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Goinglopsided,A true spiritual successor to the original Dungeon Keeper.
,Recommended,230190,9139756,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dadley,This is looking so ♥♥♥♥ing good. God help me when it's released as a full game.
,Recommended,230190,17293511,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,markthommes1997,"This is an amazing game, it reminds me so much of playing dungeon keeper. I wish EA would give all the rights of dungeon keeper to subterranian games, it seems they are the only ones fit to continue  the dungeon keeper series, i would love to see more games after made by them after WFTO. 5/5 stars"
76561198022952236,Recommended,230190,17294099,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lunch,It's Dungeon Keeper made more family friendly.
,Recommended,230190,17004693,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dessus,"I like the game (and loved the original games many years ago too), but it has poor and hindering performance crippling the game sometimes. Try placing a 3 by 3 prison and it lags (but doesn't lag for any other scenarios generally (unless it memory leaks which happens on occation). It is very very annoying in the alt-tab scenarios where it has no windows icon often on the task bar, so u have to bring up ctrl, alt delete menu and use swtich to to give it focus again."
,Recommended,230190,16999073,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FernanBob,"Doesn't like multi monitor setups.Also audio sliders don't quite work, RIP my ears.Dat nostalgia though"
76561198210582945,Recommended,230190,17496064,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Bourne,i cannot play.   i love these games really need help here i have a brand new build. maybe it is a windows 10 issue?
,Recommended,230190,17484311,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,stridex,Loved dungeon keeper 1 & 2. WFTO stays true.
76561198151749056,Recommended,230190,17857464,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Smeagol,"My friend showed me dungeon keeper2 a while back and i just fell in love with the game. Its where you get to be the evil charector and build your dungeon to acomadate your minions. Then i stumbled into this game, looks so much better, diffrent creatures, rooms etc. and I got to experience a new evil overlord experience. heck if your minions are hungry throw a cultist threw the meat grinder or as i did take the time to pick a bunch of rats from your prison to throw in your meat grinder to feed my people. Of course you can always do this to the prisoners. . . and finaly dont forget to slap your minions to make them work faster.But in all seriousness i would give it 8.5/10 because its a brilliant game but the campaign is short and multyplayer is a bit complex."
76561198120618698,Recommended,230190,17911214,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hello Kitty,"Wow. Just wow!It is THAT game, that gives THAT feeling.Even more, they did it and gone far beyond.1000% recomended to every single DK fun!"
76561198043539668,Recommended,230190,17930596,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Emma,"Similar to Dungeon Keeper 2, which is all I was hoping for."
,Recommended,230190,17963647,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,tomtalk24,"Have an hour or two before work? This is idea and a fairly decent game.A few things dont please; The maps can be very predictable, the AI is all or nothing and your minions dont really have any relevance to their race. Feels a little like a 2 player game where you both have nukes and only nukes.It's not expensive, its entertaining and offers a good contender for a Dungeon Keeper themed game. Recommended? Yeah."
76561198070067604,Recommended,230190,17954133,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Rust7,"Worthy ""follower game"" of the Dungeon Keeper series, however it's lack of some serious good testers, i found plenty of bugs - of course, they are working hard to fix them all, nice company back there!If you like DK, then buy this one, campaign is cool, i really enjoyed the game, when it was not running with 1-5 fps :D8/10"
,Not Recommended,230190,17342267,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sKysharK,"I would think a ""sequel"" to DK2 would have better graphics and be idk... playable?There is still potential for this game... I will hold on to hope.Unit control feels clunky and rushed. Not fluent at all.The mini map is garbage.Map drawing in possession mode is horrible.Game alerts are poorly done.When I attack in possession mode, I dont feel like I'm attacking...NEEDS WORK!!! I would call this **BETA**"
76561198037822736,Recommended,230190,17524905,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Fergy,"This game is such a delight to play, not just because its amazing in it's own right but for momories of times past (DK2)8/10Full review -https://gamerfergy.wordpress.com/2015/08/13/game-review-war-for-the-overworld/"
,Recommended,230190,17525754,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,SlapMagik,"It's not just another Dungeon Keeper game, It's a terrific game with dungeon keeper's aspects with plenty of fresh new ideas! It feels so familiar, but so unique as well. Great work Subterranean! You guys have finally brought something fans have been wanting for for decades!"
76561198001130820,Recommended,230190,17384486,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Corsin,Basically the next dungeon keeper game.Utterly brilliant and in depth.
,Not Recommended,230190,17328066,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,alpinelegend,Game keeps crashing on load up. Waste of time!
,Recommended,230190,17562452,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Rowr,"While I would usually wait for a sale on something like this, happy to pay full price in light that the developers seem to be making big efforts in listening to feedback and continuing to support the game (which seems though it might of suffered from launching too early perhaps.)So far it is scratching the dungeon keeper itch better than anything else I've played, something I've been waiting for 15 years to happen. I appreciate it seems to be staying close to the atmosphere/tone and design of that game as it seems like other games have never been able to best those specific qualities from original DK. Impressive considering the game doesn't feel like a DK rip off but its own game.It's obviously hard not to make comparisons given how specific this genre is to a single game, so some things it doesn't feel like it does as well as a 15 year old game are impossible not to notice. Though thankfully these are (relatively) small things like inferior animations or the lack of a ""restart mission"" option in level.I initially had some issues with the hand pointer while playing across multiple monitors, though that seems to have either resolved itself, or the game was just patched. I still feel it could animate a little better in certain scenarios, but well done devs. Multi monitor support is a struggle/afterthought for most developers it seems and is highly appreciated when it is payed attention to.I'm still early days in the campaign, but overall early impressions are positive. Thanks to the Devs for bringing this to life and i'm looking forward to seeing future projects."
76561198091372362,Recommended,230190,17514576,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Drugs-Robot,"I have been looking for years for a remake of Dungeon Keeper (1 or 2) because it was one of the most fun games I have ever played. I found some similar, but never quite on par. This game however hits the nail on the head. So familiar (though I wish they could use the same characters) it is hard to tell the difference! I am glad they got the same voice actor as the narator for the campaign. The game is not only an amazing revamped version of Dungeon Keeper 2, but it is far improved! The unlock system from the archives is very cool. I also like the skill trees with a big bad creature you can summon at the end of each tree.I did not play this prior to the patch 1.11 everyone is talking about, but I can tell you now this game is polished and awesome with many modes of gameplay. I had been trying to port a stable version of DK2 for a while on my PC, but it would crash and whatnot so thank you for making this!!!!Everyone buy this so we can battle dungeons!!!!"
76561197966369195,Recommended,230190,17518628,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mista Fista,Loved Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 back in the day. WFTO is awesome and does not disappoint at all. Highly recommended to any DK die hard.
,Recommended,230190,16885952,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Void,"DK veteran here. It plays and feels just like DK but with better graphics, which is exactly what I wanted it. All it needs is some more content which I feel was alluded to in the story. ACT II most likely. It also might lack a little of the perverse charm of the original but still great. Not sure its worth 60 bucks yet but on sale or sub ""AAA"" game price, absolutely."
76561198045533177,Recommended,230190,18210097,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,madjestic13,Awesome!  Dungeon Keeper is back.
,Recommended,230190,18164250,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ph4ral_Je2us,"5 things that I never knew I needed in my life that War for the Overworld gave me.1: Exploding the oversized midgets that are Dwarfs2: Having an eldritch abomination as a 'pet'3: Finally 'getting rid of' that ♥♥♥♥er in office4: To be a giant glowing sphere of pure malice and wrath5: Slapping minions hard enough to bring them to half health, just to let them know you still care9/10 could use a unicorn of death somewhere in there"
76561198171118986,Recommended,230190,18176344,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Super_Kawaii,If you liked the dungeon keeper series you'll LOVE this game. It's excellent!
76561198025088538,Recommended,230190,17674046,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,sonofmof,Dungeon Keeper 2 Reborn !!!Amazing....
,Recommended,230190,15246932,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Nova,"1.1 Edit: They managed to pull it off. Most of the Bugs got fixed, the Performance is Way better, the List goes on and on again but this Time in a positive Way. Yes. Buy it and enjoy.---Original Review---First of all: The Game is great.But right now it is also buggy as Hell, runs really bad and just feels unfinished.Missing Tooltips, bad Pathing, weird Soundbugs, Menus not working, the List goes on and on.Which is sad, because I really looked forward to this. This Game needs some heavy patching.This is not a Release Version, it still feels like something in Beta at best, and that is not ok.If the Problems get resolved, this is a clear Winner, worth every Penny. Lets hope they do it.I expected way better, but right now this Game could as well be slapped together by Maxis for EA. Even though it would be priced at 60$ if that would be the Case, so...Yeah. Wait for a While."
,Recommended,230190,16686975,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Capaloso,"TLDR; This is easily the closest to a modern DK adapation that you'll likely ever see. While it succeeds in thoroughly scratching that itch, it does fall short it some respects, notably:Short campaign- roughly 10 hours for my playthrough (excluding repeated crashing and resulting progress loss), and that's solely due to my excessive development playstyle. Other modes are available of course, being an RTS.Periodic crashing/ lag/ occasional 1 second stutters- this seemingly develops over longer sittings, but I'm not technically knowledgable enough to diagnose the issue. It has the symptoms of memory leak, but again, see previous sentence.Odd bugs-a. I loaded a save after a crash and discovered that all of my unlocked rooms and campaign content (via ""veins of evil"") had been completely reset. Confusing, to say the least.b. AI can be a bit squirrely at times, such as minions disregarding your battle banner to pursue an enemy creature to the other end of the map, making them irrecoverable (cannot pick up on unowned territory). Similarly, enemy minions occasionally charge past your forces, taking hits along the way, to storm your dungeon heart. Meanwhile, my overzealous minions get caught up on every enemy imp and door.c. Additional odd bugs or lack of explanation also occur, such as when my prison either glitched or hit a ""corrupted minion"" cap, after which one of my imps spent the rest of his existence making futile attempts to dump corpses in the prison, only to be immediately dumped out. The loop never ended.Later content received little-to-no coverage or explanation, and lacks some polish. Apparently I had the ability to create vampires at some point in the latter portion of the campaign, but not once were they introduced or seen. New spells and creations were also made available, but because the campaign was nearly finished, I never experimented.Difficulty curve- the campaign has strange spikes in difficulty. The most obvious example in my playthrough was the contrast between the final two levels. The second-to-last eventually required some cheese tactics to win, as opposed to the final level, which felt like unbridled gratification. There were also a couple trial and error moments, by no fault of the player.Cinematic/ voice acted events- while they appreciatively harken back to the original DK moments of introduction, flavor and conclusion, they're also annoyingly excessive. You cannot pan the camera or take any action while they're playing, and I'm almost certain they cut into the level goal timers, where applicable. Fortunately, they are skippable, but personally, I wanted the flavor factor that fondly accompanies my memories of DK. Please, reduce these to 1 or 2 taunts from the boss character and cut out the rambling monologues.WFTO has several loose seams, but it's still a very satisfying game. It borrows heavily from DK, which lends a helping hand in both ease of introduction and nostalgia factor. Slapping minions, torture chambers, traps and ultimate creatures- everything's still here, almost exactly as you'd picture a DK3 release. I bought this during the summer sale and I'm satisfied with that purchase price, but I wouldn't recommend purchasing this title at its full cost, as it stands now.It appears development is still well underway though, so keep checking back for either improvements to justify its full price or a reasonable sale. Either way, this is a must-play for DK fans."
,Recommended,230190,16513644,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Alex,"I like this game, but it have a LOT of bugs. Russian localization is awful. And campaign is broken - I can't research the Foundry in the Veins of Evil.I played cracked version before buying. It contained more bugs, but not the last one."
,Recommended,230190,16606840,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vikestart,"One of the best RTS/God Game I have ever played.* The interface is good looking and easy to use.* The game is content rich with multiple game modes and an online mode as well.* The graphics are marvellous and the attention to detail is stunning for this kind of game.* The music and all the sounds are of high quality, and so is the voice acting.* The gameplay is fantastic. The level of control it offers, whilst keeping things managable, is very appealing.* The game offers various levels of difficulty. You can also slack off and just have fun with your dungeon. Those who want an extra challenge can try the Survival Mode.Overall, this is a pretty awesome game and fullfills nearly all expectations affiliated with this genre. Can't wait to see what they have planned for future updates!9/10"
,Recommended,230190,17740721,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,oNeiRoS,"Lovely game, a worthy Dungeon Keeper successor"
76561198098437666,Recommended,230190,18138843,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Phrozt,"So I've been playing this game here and there since Beta.  I am amazed at how far along this game has come over the past year.  I was honestly worried for a little while that this would end up being just a ""cash grab"" for the Dev's however, they have religiously kept us all updated on the progress of the game and have really put in some long hours and hard work to make this game what it is today.I finally played through the entire campaign and I LOVED the ending. Very fitting for a game of this type.  Now I'm ready to delve into some Multiplayer action although, it seems that there is not much to be had as I sit in a lobby for as long as I can stand (with no one joining) and then just give up and go off to play something else.We need more players so we can have fast multiplayer matchups. This is something that the Dev's can't do, and it is up to you to give this game a shot.See you all in the underworld."
76561197970477673,Recommended,230190,18143426,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ebolaconundrum,"A rather under rated game I think, I haven't played since it was in beta, but I have to say having done so now it's a cracking game that really captures the spirit of the old dungeon keeper. Highly recommended."
76561197972442848,Recommended,230190,15667928,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sterling,"** Update**  Since my last review the Dev team has clearly been very busy - I fired up the game last weekend and to my surprise, I was no longer having any of the previous performance issues. Game is now smooth, and more what I was expecting when I initially purchased it.Thank you dev team!For the dev team - the issue I was having was severe performance issues.  I have a fairly powerful machine, capable of running most games at high resolution.  When I would open the game, it would take about a mionute beforfe the main game screen would load.  Once in game, overall the performance was slow, but it would become unplayable on big maps with lots of units.  I even tried reducing the graphic level to low but it did not make a difference.Now, the game runs nice and smooth, as I would expect.  I hadn't played it in a while so I can't say exactly which patch resolved the issue.  I also upgraded to windows 10 - don't think this was the fix but it is the only significant change to my system.Initial review -This game is a poster child for why you should not buy games before they are completed.  Dev's are scrambling to release patches, 3 weeks later game still unplayable on windows 8.1"
76561198064787851,Recommended,230190,12591306,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,jakobecklon,The game looks awesome!I look forward to spending hours after hours on this game!It really takes me back to the hours I've spend on Dungeon Keeper I & II!Good job and nice modern twist!
76561197988838216,Recommended,230190,13754176,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DonPeyote,This is Very Early Beta.  Looks promising so far. Can be a bit flustering since there are no instructions/options/keyboard command list.  You just have to figure it out as you go at this point.
,Recommended,230190,15248809,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Frank Walker,"I would LOVE to say this game is great, that its the game ive been waiting for, for so long since dungeon keeper 2. But no. I cant.Quite plainly this game is broken. The game crashes almost always. Its in no way a finished product. I really want to leave a positive review but i just cant. Ive spent nearly 30 bucks on a broken game that i cant play, its sad this is a thing that happens.  I will happily change my review when the game actually works in a state that is playable until then, i just cant willfully send you on your way to buy this game.I have full faith in the developers that they'll improve the game, they seem to put a lot of effort into trying to fix it, but it just isnt quite thereEDIT: After a short amount of time, theyve already found a work around to some of the game breaking issues, and have subsequently made this game worth, what i paid for it. This is what gaming needs more of! These developers are A+"
76561198125552655,Recommended,230190,15604618,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,desdicado,How do i get the physical edition? as a backer i should be able to get it by now.
76561197995438043,Recommended,230190,15756496,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,<Face Palm Jesus>,I loved the DK games. so i was like OMFG ther is a better one coming out.. WOOOOHOOOO!!! However every single time i load into the game it crashes on me... fatal error to many threads? WTF? ok whatever check the files make sure they are fine.. uninstalled after crashed again. reinstalled.. made it to the campaign load screen fatal error.. to many threads. yet again... please fix so i can enjoy making the things inside the dungeons suffer like i hoped i would be able to.
,Recommended,230190,15764306,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,"I honestly don't know if I can recommend this game in it's current state. the gameplay was good. very reminiscent of the Dungeon Keeper games, with a few bits added in, and of course a few bits taken away - and many that directly mirror the games themselves with renames or reskins, the campaign obviously wasn't as long, about 13 levels compared to DK2's 18. The narrator doesn't an excellent job, but there's minimal cutscenes, and what bothers me the most is the performance issues and bugginess of the game - several missions I retried because my game crashed so many times, and often saves would corrupt and you'd have to start anew. This was more of an issue on the last handful of missions where levels were much longer.In terms of difficulty I can't really say I struggled at all, the A.I. are particularly lassaiz faire, with the exception of Level 12 where you fight 3 'underlords' (referring back to a very similar mission in DK2, but their dungeon structure followed a straightforward pattern that I noticed very quickly (playing the level several times due to crashing and admittedly 1 or 2 restarts), however the last mission is very lacklustre, the enemy has a big base, but they throw very small raiding parties at you of size between 8 and 12 creatures of levels 6+, which is basically just a level farm for your minions, and you can attack whenever ready. The last mission was very glitchy though - loading in from a save just before a defeat (I was attacking and didn't notice a party) there were creature models missing, and the drawbridge was invisible. Also the ending is complete and utter bullcrap.Aside from this, the gameplay was fun, I did enjoy it as I love RTSs and it also had funny moments. I have yet to play any other modes or skirmishes but it was a shame that it's so buggy."
76561198000030523,Recommended,230190,15750885,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Calyxie,"The game isn't completed! They are still updating it, but the content is very good."
76561198005282628,Recommended,230190,15755148,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Oachkatzl,"when i first purchased this game back in the end of 2014 i had huge demands for this game in my mind as i played the glorious dungeon keeper II when i was a child.sadly, back then, the game had some major issues and it discouraged me from believing that this could probably be as good or even better.now 5 months later, i started the game again and i was amazed how much the developers improved the game - they really kicked my♥♥♥♥♥in a positive way!it is still lacking some major features (which are on the to-do list) but it evolved to a really enjoyable game which brings back the memories and the feelings i had when playing its unofficial prequel.if you ever played a game like this and enjoyed it - i can highly recommend this as it WILL become a wonderful game as the developers are really into this with their soul and blood.and if you never played such a game, what are you waiting for!? :)"
,Not Recommended,230190,15745580,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[KTSA] Mr. Pickles,Terrible performance even on a high end system.
,Recommended,230190,15628034,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheEnemy,"Can I recommend it? Yes and no (as of April 2015)Yes:Wow, they really did it! This honestly looks, feels, sounds, tastes (well, maybe not that last one) like everything you liked in the original Dungeon Keeper series. This is a proper and real successor and I recommend any fan of DK to throw away anything in their hands and try this game. I cannot applaud the developers enough, well done!No:Not yet, at least.The game is simply not really done and ready for proper release just yet. On the positive side the developers are working like crazy releasing patches so I have my hopes up. The current state feels like a beta. A lot of things works very well, it's certainly playable, but you're constantly reminded of the game state by unpolished edges. To name some:- Performance bugs: Even with a PC above recommended specs, every now and then you'll experience extreme slowdowns making the game unplayable. For now, a workaround for me is to exit the game and restart after each finished level. That seems to fix most of it.- You'll see developer placemarkers for text, debugging or the like in the descriptions of creatures and rooms, instant immersion break right there.- The campaign works but is quite unpolished. The campaign has a lot of different types of objectives and introduces new features steadily but often the education of new players gets lost, and they'll never get to try out their newly acquired knowledge before having lost the level and forced to start over.- Another thing in the campaign is that your trusty mentor will often tell stories or talk to your enemies, though regularly these get mixed up and are played in the wrong order.- The campaign level difficulty is rather random. You can play the same map twice in a row. The first time might be a hectic, stressful experience, trying to figure out how new things work, getting to know your enemy, etc., only to lose because it's almost impossible. The next time you play the same map, it's a rather peaceful experience, you got lots of time to build your base, explore and react.I might add more when I remember it but these are, for me, major things that need to get fixed before the game unofficially can get out of beta.Still, despite all of this and all the frustrations, the game is awesome. It just needs a bit more time to really shine."
76561198029640083,Recommended,230190,15630401,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Gheist,Spiritual successor of dungeon keeper. Would recommend for anyone with nostalgia for classics and patience for updates.
76561198051172629,Recommended,230190,15281038,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Scopes360No2017,"If you played DK 1 + 2 in the past.. and tired of running said classic games in ""Admin Mode > Compatibility Mode > Lock Res at 640p"".Look no further.. it's everything you want and need in your life young/old Dungeon Keeper you..[Since it's release they have put update after update for any bugs that have risen the developers really care about this game]."
,Recommended,230190,15282424,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Synarchyx,"The War For The Overworld is a decent and fun game, those who haven't played the classic Dungeon Keeper should give it a go since its the closest game that comes close to that style of strategy genre. You could say Dungeon, is similar but it maybe have elements of it however it tries to be different by adding RPG elements into it, which Dungeon Keeper isn't in anyway although it does have creature leveling.What I'm saying is that if you want a really close experience that is the same unqiue feeling that you got from Dungeon Keeper, this game is great, if you haven't then its a great experience.However even though I would recommend this game, it does not quite as well outshine the classic but by its own rights, it is a great game.Here check out my video below for my First Impressionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHRtSjGDAQYDon't forget to also check out my other Youtube videos for more other gameplays and I also stream games live at Twitchhttp://www.twitch.tv/synarchyxSo be sure to check that out"
,Not Recommended,230190,15270056,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,phil.v,"Update2 (back to negative): I can save games, which is great! Good job! Now, the thing is, when I load a game, the frame rates drop down to 10... not fps, but spf! Seconds per frame! You kidding me?Update (positive): The future is now! The latest patch mostly fixed the performance issues for me, now I can actually end busy levels and - behold - save games!Initial review (negative):Maybe in the future this will be properly playable. Today is not that day."
,Recommended,230190,15211403,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mario,"The game is great. It really is DK3.  If you liked DK, you'll feel at home in 5 minutes.  But there are enough differences to keep you interested.  I can't believe the game is this good."
76561197999662231,Not Recommended,230190,15664560,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Narha,"I love Dungeon Keeper games but I don't love this. It's set together pretty poorly with a bad story and immense lag issues, or RAM issues, rather. During loading and during some of the later campaign maps it took 5-10 minutes for it to load, during this time the computer being completely unavailable, since WFTO is leeching all RAM, making it nearly impossible to even open up a new tab on Firefox. Furthermore, on the later campaign maps there would be constant small lagspikes making it very hard to properly manage the battles and what not. Many other minor problems here and there as well, lacking names and structures in rooms actually having 'Prop' before it's name..."
76561197960552606,Recommended,230190,14163595,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Fletch,"** UPDATED REVIEW ***I must say that I am very impressed with the turnaround made in the past couple of months.  The developers have made a tremendous push to fix the performance problems that were plaguing the game.  To be honest, I didn't think I'd be able to play the game without replacing my hardware -- however, the recent updates and the game is absolutely playable for me now (I'm still on my original hardware).There have been many additions to the game since I last checked it out.  The introduction cut-scenes were are happy surprise, a lot of Voice work has been done, tons of little UI improvements.  I'm looking forward to playing the full single-player campaign.In short: I'm very pleased with the game now.  Great Job to the development team!*** END UPDATED REVIEW ****** OLD REVIEW BELOW ***Do not recommend -- performance problems with unoptimized code make the game unplayable due to severe lag on lower end hardware.  Just one example: opening the ""Veins of Evil"" can take 5+ seconds on my hardware which is better than minimum spec -- note: that is just to open the VoE, selecting something is another 5+ seconds, etc.I'm a huge fan of DK1 & DK2 and have high hopes for this game.  I will change this review if the game is fixed or options provided to workaround the performance problems.  I refuse to upgrade hardware that plays other games perfectly fine.*** END OLD REVIEW ***"
76561197973451216,Recommended,230190,15635761,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,drew0r2,This is the best fix for anyone wanting to get the DK2 feeling back.Honestly for the amount paid i got a great experience.Few minor bugs but for a first release its showing a lot of polish.
76561198191586027,Not Recommended,230190,15488535,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,arnaudbruneau,"Helloonly the 9th level is a little harder, you should be more progressive and make other levels harder (even after 9th !!!!!).Problem with zoom, I can't zoom out after have zoomed in, and we can't step back enough to have a better view.is that useful to have so many different creatures ?? i don't think so... dev' have lost time on these numerous creatures instead of work on other contents.Well, a lot disapointed after i have finished the game, so easy !! not funny, no humor, no ambience, no good music, and an expensive game !! this kind of game is good for a true solo campaign, and this one doesn't exist.... so short and boring.Dungeons II is better for ambience and several language speaked (french for me). after there is also defaults but that's a finished game with a style and humor."
76561197971829836,Recommended,230190,15428004,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Stevo,"This is promising... but i cant see how its in a release state. I suspect they may have rushed it out due to the impending Dugeons 2 release. It sticks, crashes and technically performs poorly, I recommend as it will be great when it works."
,Recommended,230190,10638902,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Walrus,"I have read a lot of negative reviews about WFTO - and they have a point. Certainly some elements of the game are not finished or polished, and it still suffers from a few bugs.What you have here is the spriitual successor to one of the great game franchises of the past couple of decades - Dungeon Keeper. A modernised version of a classic, and so far the developers have been very active with constant updates and fixes, which is a major plus point.The game is far from perfect, but for fans of the genre and of the DK series, WFTO is a nice way to reminisce about the good old days, its only missing the Horned Reaper himself.As things stand I recommend the game despite its shortcomings."
76561198003570750,Recommended,230190,15236738,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Deadlock,"I have played 9 campaign missions so far. This game feels like the real successor to the Dungeon Keeper series.+ Once again you feel like the evil overlord, slapping around your minions.+ Graphics are a lot better than those of DK2, but not too awesome.+ I like the new gameplay concepts such as beasts and constructs+ Campaign is fun so far, quite some variety in missions (capture this, destroy that, defend your base).- Switching between menus feels tiresome, where are my hotkeys?- I only use the healing spell, can't bother to click the others and find a suitable target (again hotkeys would help). I think they should have gone for a quick cast radial menu (can't think of an example). Right now it feels too fiddly to decide which spell you want to cast and then try to find a target (and then hope your spell had any effect).- The UI is not very clear. When I hover a room I expect to see a summary of capacity/size/usage etc (which Dungeons did right). They should also organize the event log by event type- The DK series felt a little more polished, but hey, this is an indie game, so they may fix the rough edges in future updates (I hope).Overall a pretty solid game, lots of fun new concepts, but a little rough around the edges.Edit: Currently the game suffers from frequent crashes. I hope they patch this around soon. Couldn't get past the 10th campaign level...Edit: It seems the latest patch resolved some memory leaks \o/"
,Recommended,230190,15232152,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Feldon Cain,So I just played the tutorial and first campaign mission. It's a modern dungeon keeper game that gave me the real dungeon keeper feeling. Well worth the money and it feels like it's going to be well worth the many hours I intend on sinking into this game.
76561197987874052,Recommended,230190,15083121,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zimmerman,"WFTO should be held up as a shining example of how early access should be done, if you are a fan of dungeon keeper 2 then this is a must have, it has every aspect of DK2 and much more I love the additions they have made and there development pace if one of the fastest in the industry, This is you last chance to pick the game up early access and I suggest you do its fantastic but if its full release get it anyway its worth the money and to support such a dedicated development team :)"
76561197986587878,Recommended,230190,15026379,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,sjattuh,As a Dungeon Keeper fan - this game does for the series what X-COM Eneny Unknown did for the X-COM series.Absolutely a must have for any DK fan and any one who enjoys real time strategy games.
,Recommended,230190,15130339,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dr. Algernop Krieger,"This is an astounding game, absolutely amazing and by far the closest to the spiritual heir to the Dungeon Keeper legacy and I have yet to play on the story as I am still loving the freeplay aspect of the game that is closest to my pet dungeon of DK2... I haven't clocked many hours on it yet either but I still can't wait for it to run; smoother, faster, better and more content... I love this soooo much. I want EVERYONE to invest in this game, support it all the way, I want this to be finished sooo badly."
,Recommended,230190,15235330,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Gilly,"I would recommend this if you're looking for a basic Dungeon Keeper with a few niche extras, but it still needs a lot of work.I have a list of things I'd like to see happen throughout development, other than obviously fixing bugs and planned updates.1. Slower and larger levels in the campaign, seems very fast pased atm, which is fine for some levels, but not all.2.  More 'options' options, rebindable keys etc.3. Improved UI - updated tooltips etc.4. Improve AI - minions are all over the place, not reacting to enemies, commands etc.5. Animation of struggling minions when they're picked up.This is just a few things, will probably think of more later."
76561197968329361,Not Recommended,230190,15236105,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ghost Requiem,"There are many great things in this game. Most of them stem from the Dungeon Keeper influence. The humor, voice acting, and artwork are all superb.There are also a few design issues that are a bit annoying. The campaign's tutorial sections are mandatory and can cause issues when loading a saved game. Not allowing the player to build anywhere but the glowing area is annoying and problematic.As much as I loved DK1 and DK2, and see much of the spirit revived in War for the Overworld, it just isn't ready for release.With some time to polish, I'd happily jump back into this charming little title. Until then, there are too many annoyances getting in the way of enjoying the game, the majority of it coming from technical issues."
76561198037440859,Recommended,230190,15236459,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Crimson Howl,"Clearly Early stages of the game, with errors poping up now and again average 2-3 a day. lots of room of improvement and developers to state whats to come. has a great feel to the game all in all 7/10 (if developers keep to their word)"
76561198049006419,Recommended,230190,15237069,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,marsu2377,I have both dungeon keeper 1&2 only thing missing are some of the original creatures other than that it plays looks and sounds like dungeon keeper to the point where i renamed the icon dungeon keeper 3 war for the overworld.
76561198010279154,Recommended,230190,15227738,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Themightymat,"very good game, if you liked the gameplay/ type of game like dungeon keeper it is a great buy, crashes and is buggy at the moment but once they are sorted out then it is definatly worth a buy"
76561197996009105,Recommended,230190,15228110,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TrapezoidalMonkey,"As one of the players who was suckered in by that soulless rubbish that was Dungeons... War for the Overworld is what I was hoping for. I've followed it through Early Access and I'm impressed by what a small company like Subterranean Games has wrought. Sure, there's a few bugs but nothing I've found is game-breaking. And what there are at the moment, I expect to be fixed in the coming week or two."
,Recommended,230190,15228134,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BinaryFart,"Loving it so far. It's a beautiful homage to Dungeon Keeper, while introducing enough new stuff to make it feel fresh...."
,Recommended,230190,15228445,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fletch,I'm only a short way in but this feels like dungeon keeper and is fun so far :)
76561198074206238,Recommended,230190,15232826,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Psycho Mike,"I recommend this game, however, there is plenty of bugs and it is PC intensive. Lots of refining needed but the team seems dedicated and mostly on top of things so i expect this game to have alot of playability in the next comming months."
76561197995690603,Not Recommended,230190,15233147,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,faultyk,"A well thought out clone of the original series, however this release game has too many bugs, issues, memory leaks, performance issues, and other niggling problems to allow me to recommend it.This game is no longer ""early access"", it isn't in beta, it's not a public test realm. The state this game is in does not warrant purchase.My 16GB of RAM machine hit 100% thanks to a memory leak. Pay Day causes machines to lock up for numerous seconds. Many levels cannot be completed due to bugs. Save files do not load the game up as you left it (enemies respawn)."
,Recommended,230190,15233265,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Manimal T. Hunter,I just love it...Brings me back to Dungeon Keeper 2 ... So basically DK3 ...Join the dark side we've got a Succubus... Sadly they are not using their own toys anymore when not assigned to a specific task... Training creatures above level 4 in the barracks is interresting as well... I kinda miss prisoners turning into skeletons ... but well it's a new game and everything has it's ups and downs...Seen some small bugs so far... invisible enemys getting stuck and the entire army trying to kill them but not beeing able to... my own minions getting stuck in the wall after a power attack from a Behemoth... a rare game crash when playing home real... converted enemys don't heal back to full healht... My own Vampire attacking my core and no way to stop it from killing it even after it's lair was destroyed... Ghouls beeing stuck in the crypt after Necromancer leaves the room (after reaload)... Generally it's only minor things...My view: 8/10 points
,Recommended,230190,15233562,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Beltzarack,"A worthy spiritual succesor to one of my all time favorite games, Dungeon Keeper. A lot of fun and familiar factors to add to the experience. One thing I would like to point out though, is that the dungeon doesnt feel as much 'alive' as it probably should. The game is inevitably compared to Dungeon Keeper, where the creatures always seemed to be going about their business, training, eating, having fun, guarding, etc. This is something I am missing so far in War for the Overworld. Sure, they move around, they prepare for combat and they keep themselves alive, but it doesnt feel like a living and breathing 'society'.I am greatly looking forward to future imporvement, a lot of bugs and issues have already been removed. I have total faith in the potential of the game and the talented developers."
76561197999488525,Not Recommended,230190,15233651,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rdy2Run,"This game is full of bugs:1) German version - wrong translate for save and load, its ""speichern"" and ""laden""2) In the mission with the necrolyte - loading old save respawns enemy units - loading resets vision of the minimap - going through the ""water canal"" got some of my units stuck at the ""water gates""3) If you want to explore everything the mission will take some time, thats a good thing. But when there are a lot of monster ""late game"", the game crushes in fights.4) Imps ignore the ""dont work here flag"" most of the time.my specs: 16 gb Ram - i7 3.5 gHz - gtx 580 overclocked"
76561198005359169,Recommended,230190,15228955,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,tmarti24,"Fantastic recreation of the original dungeon keeper.  Frame right issues, but I suspect some of these early bugs will be fixed quickly."
76561198055604829,Recommended,230190,15234994,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,addy157,"Very well made, i havent found any bugs and it is very fun to play especially if you are familiar with the old games"
76561198040802694,Recommended,230190,15440855,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hexzell,"There are still a few glitches to iron, for sure, but none of them are game-breaking. Overall this game is a fantastic successor to DS/DS2."
76561197981125828,Recommended,230190,15228826,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,N3rv3s82,"UPDATE: Still pretty broken for me but the devs are hard at work with lots of updates and fixes. Really looking forward to being able to play through smoothly. Keep up the good work devs!This game WILL be awesome once it is done. Right now, IT IS NOT DONE! Holy crap the bugs! I can't get past level 3 because there is always a different debilitating bug that keeps me from finishing it or the damn thing just flat out crashes. Buttons on the UI will just not work. Having more than 15 or 20 workers causes a full on system crash. Minions will stop spawning and I will have an empty army. Seriously, get this game fixed and it will be epic. Right now it is not in a condition to be sold. More testing. More fixing. I am uninstalling it, call me when you get it fixed and I will happily play it again."
76561198024316819,Recommended,230190,15572180,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,id_law311,This game reminds me very much of the Dungeon Keeper games. It is very entertaining to play however it has many coding problems that still need to be resolved. It most definitely has horrible memory leaks in the code. There have been several patches already to resolve issues with the memory issues and gameplay lag. I would say this game will reach a stable patch state in late May into early June.
,Recommended,230190,12133667,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Barely Competitive,"A faithful, intentional sucessor to the Dungeon Keeper franchise. It lacks some of the quirky charm, but is very impressive regardless. There have been very rapid developments in the past month or so which have left it feeling more like a game than a beta, and even if there is still a way to go, things are looking good.- The design is frankly, beautiful. it captures the feel of the classic dungeon keeper games perfectly.- The UI is... less impressive. It's functional, but feels somewhat rushed in places.- The creatures are interesting, but lack some of the character that the Dungeon Keeper creatures had.- Sound effects are a little repetitive, but tend to be very nice.Overall, it's a beta and it shows. Some things seem missing - animations occasionally feel like bland placeholders, there aren't a great variety of levels to play and so on and so forth... That said, it's already an impressive game and I can only see it improving as times goes on."
76561198046041957,Recommended,230190,12200120,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Farky Shepelepeck,It's looking really good. I think people need to understand that early access is like Steam's kickstarter. I anted up because the developers are consistently updating and the foundation looks strong. Can't wait to see a full campaign.
76561198151952115,Recommended,230190,12278105,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jkoumbis92,For some reason my game just wont start on my mac
76561198070776105,Recommended,230190,11752784,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,hubert,it is a fun game almost is the same as dungeon keeper but i think this one is better becose of the graphicsit will be a great game thad is for sure!!
76561197986351387,Recommended,230190,12015931,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,NecroRaizo,"After first whe I played this game there were constant crashes and bugs, and it would fps lag tremensdously at certain points, not that it's finally out and playable this game has been something I've been waiting for in the God Games Genre since Bul Frog's Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2, and Black & White 1 & 2!!!"
76561198045758257,Recommended,230190,11864513,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Skyll,I've loved DK2 till my disc died out on me. As others said this game really blends god-sim rts like no other game. I highly recommend this game. You can be anywhere from a casual player that just wants to build a dungeon to loving pvp/pve and crushing your enemies.
76561198069523584,Recommended,230190,11844248,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Facara,"FINALLY A DUNGEON KEEPER 3!!  I LOVE YOU GUYS FOR DOING THIS!GOD DAMN THE MEMORIES!But now to the review.Yes! A GOOD damn early access.Progressivly good.Nostalgic feelings ALLOVER THE PLACE!  Gaawd I loved Dungeon keeper 1 and 2.I used to play that game FOREVER!I Love this new one. EVEN GOT THE ORIGINAL VOICE GUY! *chicken pops every time I hear it*Soo funny. You can be this PURE EVIL to take down those  ""Good shoes"" Guys...A fun and at times challanging stratagy game"
,Recommended,230190,274314,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,[JAWA] ArsenicBud,Check this one out.  Successor to the orignal Dungeon Keeper!
76561198074035286,Recommended,230190,11593459,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,paul_hopewell_1,"from playing, dungeon keeper 1, dungeon keeper 2, dungeon keeper deeper dungeons, this is the next best thing, yes it is still a work in progress, but when finished ill be on this 27/7, ruleing my life like the other dungeonkeepers."
,Recommended,230190,5836984,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,✡CupidStunts✡,"♥♥♥♥ing Amazing GameGod/RPG/Stratagy OMG im in love, just like the sequal to DK2its in the Beta for the moment and WFTO Staff are listening to the public to make this game a fully Gamer ExperienceKevin Hart-"
,Recommended,230190,7594953,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Misha Ravenheart,FINALLYY!!!!!! A realy Great Game like Dungeon Keeper with new Graphics! AWESOME Keep the REALY GOOD WORK GOING!!! LOVE YOU GUYS!°
76561198000524801,Recommended,230190,16519366,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Swamp Cat,"I was a big fan of DK and DK2, I liked Dungeons and after reading all the possitive reviews, I decided to buy WftO. This was in June and the game was unplayable, but thumbs up to the developer, they've done a great job in fixing the problems and now it is playable and fun. It is a copy of Dungeon Keeper and once I got used to the little differences it is a lot of fun to play."
76561198052817471,Not Recommended,230190,16767604,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nya,"=update=It looks like some bugs were fixed, though many still remain, including memory leaks and corrupted saves. Campaign difficulty has been increased for some reason, making OK levels into bad and bad ones into infuriating. I have no idea how (and whether) it's possible to get some of the harder quickrun achievements now, and then there is ""More Money Than God"" that is so utterly unreasonable and unfair, it feels just insulting. Right now this game feels more like some RTS, where you build everything you can first and make a zerg rush second. It does not feel particularly enjoyable. You can beat the campaign in ~10 hours and that's all the fun you get; after that it only gets more repetitive and boring. As a fan of DK series, I'm rather disappointed. You can get it when it's heavily discounted, but don't expect it to keep you entertained for long.=original review=In its current state this game is a bloody bugfest. Constant crashing, disappearing saves, FPS drops, memory leaks, and I'm not even mentioning less important (but not less irritating) bugs. On one of the larger levels I had to restart about 15-20 times due to crashes and corrupted saves. This is clearly NOT a version ripe for release, but rather a beta or even alpha, so if you are not familiar with the Dungeon Keeper series, I would recommend waiting for more patches to roll out.This is a true spiritual successor to the Dungeon Keeper games, however. It expands and improves the original series, and it does so fairly well. It feels like DK, and that alone is a high praise. If you are in an urgent need of a DK fix, this is where you go. Despite all the bugs, you'll want to love this game. It is good to be bad!"
,Not Recommended,230190,16267959,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gibe da Pussi b0ss,"When the game first launched I was really behind it, as a fan of Bullfrogs Dungeon Keeper games I couldn't wait until I got a chance to play a spiritual successor.However Having played a few hours it becomes apparent that this game is more of a Dungeon Keeper clone than a dungeon management game, it doesn't push the concept much and it doesn't try to do anything more than be dungeon keeper.For fans who want that, it's a great game. However for people who like the originals and want something new, just play DK 1&2, and maybe pick this game up when it eventually goes on sale..."
76561198001459148,Not Recommended,230190,18094545,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Topius,"Fantastic potential, and from what I hear the developers are really digging deep to create a product that not only lives up to the Dungeon Keeper name but also can stand on its own as a new IP. As it stands (2015-09-19) I can't recommend the game at full price but once the developers have polished it up a bit more I'm sure it will be a great dungeon management game, much like Dungeon Keeper."
,Recommended,230190,15015853,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,waximius,"As others have suggested, this is a true successor to Dungeon Keeper.  I have a couple gripes about the interface not being polished, but it is early access so they get a pass for now.  It's worth every penny, I don't say that often and I can't wait for this to be released!"
76561198014600341,Recommended,230190,15019906,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Svartfalk,"For those of us that miss Dungeon Keeper, this is certainly a worthy successor. It shows that much care have been taken to preserve the gameplay and fun of being evil in a cartoonish way. The graphics are a bit lacking so far, but I suspect it will get better once we come out of the BETA. Recommends this game to all of you old Keepers out there. Time to become an Underlord."
76561198168682001,Recommended,230190,15004922,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kremdulvo,Okay I love DK2 and I gotta say I like this version.  Others commented on the ai and control but if you use the keypad and mouse it moves well enough.  I got frustrated with it as well before I read how to move your character the mouse isnt enough.  Id like to be able to control the mouse speed a bit but all in all its a much needed overhaul of DK2....way to go team.  If you like DK you'll love this
,Recommended,230190,14396887,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,AChillaxingChristian,"Buy It NOW!! its ready to be bought, and its nowq developed enough for you to enjoy this direct reincarnation of the bullfrog dungeon keeper games! get it now, get it funded! a must for anyone over the age of 24"
,Recommended,230190,14374798,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kiro,"To simply put it.  If you liked Dungeon Keeper 2, you'll love this game.  Currently at the time of this review, there is about three campaign missions, and a well done tutorial.  Multiplayer is only 1v1's at this time on a descent sized map.  The ""Sin "" Tree is well done in my opinion and keeps the game interesting, especially when playing against a friend.  Currently I stand at an 8/10, of course that's subject to change as updates go on."
,Recommended,230190,14361072,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mr. Dickens,"Picked this back up after around 6 months, the game is really coming together now and feels just like DK2.If you've always wished DK3 was completed then this game is for you.As far as early access games go the Devs on this are really on the ball with updates coming thick and fast most wednesdays.The game isn't quite there yet but if you intend on playing the finished version I would definitely suggest paying now and helping to guarantee that the game finishes."
76561198036424819,Recommended,230190,14504684,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fade2000,"Just when i gave up hope, nice job!Hope the devs passion stays after release, because they have somthing good here.Would recommend this to all the DK fans out there!"
,Recommended,230190,3035359,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,蛇鯊,Must Have Game !
,Recommended,230190,12270644,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hevath,"Great Game, brings me back to Dungeon Keeper!"
76561198035478404,Recommended,230190,11170779,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,MrJompas,It's inspired by Dungeon Keeper and Evil Geniuses do I have to say more? :)Ok a bit more. I think it's a great game even though it's just a beta. So if you like being the bad guy and mabey are a litle bit sadistic this is the game for you. ;)Mvh John G
,Recommended,230190,10437774,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Furrycommando,this game is easy and hard easy to learn Hard to hate for anyone who loves building defending off enemys and attacking but HATES the part of you have to micro to have a chance *cough starcraft cough* and such things then this is your game you troops spawn for you! and only need a bed food and a room they like! easy hu??
,Recommended,230190,20929499,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DokMurda,Dungeon Keep fans should love this.  I recommend for a casual non standard RTS game. 77/100
76561198040623117,Recommended,230190,20919433,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,CornishFallout,this game is awesome well worth the buy
,Recommended,230190,21278863,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sideshow Mo,Ohhhh how I have missed Dungeon Keeper :D
76561198045582351,Recommended,230190,21292329,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Lordan,If you liked the original Dungeon Keepers then this game is for you. It brings alot of what you already know and some cool additions. Even the narrator is back 10/10 voice.
76561198111621463,Recommended,230190,20788854,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NAPK1NS,"Ok guess its time to leave the review :)I wanted to wait until the horrible bug issues were addressed and that i had spent some time in the game.The graphics are next to none, id been playing DK1 + 2 again before this came out so when i hit the play button on this it made my face hurt! Anyone that played the old games will know why.The compaign in itself does seem to rush you through quite quickly, Kiera level in particular went by with a blink of an eye as you just had to get in there and get it done.Becuase im an Old Skool DK vet i quite like being able to build up my dungeon, take time to plan my attacks etc and the campaign removed some of that option. Not to say it isnt good! Just some levels forced you to play a way you may not want to.Love the fact that the community can make their own maps and you can download them, ive spent 20+ hours just playing around in other peoples maps and theres actually a guy who has remade maps etc from DK1 + 2, those are definitely worth a scramble!I cant say ive had many issues as far as bugs go, i had to leave the game for a while as it was unplayable to a point. I made sure i re did the campaign 2/3 times to check whatever bugs were there, had gone and they had.In my opinion this is a reworked/retweaked version of the old DK1 + 2, but hey if it worked then, why not use the same premise! For me i like it, i loved DK1 + 2 for the reasons i did and they are still here in WFTO.For anyone that hasnt played any DK games i do highly recommend the game, now, especially with the new pack (Hopefully) coming out soon.You can have multiplayer games, skirmishs, Sandbox and scenarios and all the maps made by the community can be played in any of those categories.If you like god type, control things and watch what they do games then this is for you.It does have alot of replay ability to it and that mixed with all the new stuff coming out and the maps etc means its well worth what i paid in my mind."
,Recommended,230190,21164109,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kousein™,very good game :)
76561197996151720,Recommended,230190,30738004,Posted: 25 March,all,Sleck,"Dungeon Keeper 21th Century Edition!This game is based strongly on the old Bullfrog Dungeon Keeper series and has done an amazing job.The game has been modernized enough that it feels fresh and up to date but keeps with some of the old dungeon keeper machinaics that made me love the original series.Now I should state that this has nothing to do with Dungeon keeper in terms of copyright so when I say this is basically Dungeon Keeper 3, it is a Dungeon Keeper Clone.  But my god, what a clone.10/10 a must have to all Stratergy game fans.Pro'sGreat GraphicsNice length campaignExpansionsSandbox modesDaddy Pig voice over :)Con'sI did have some performance issues on release, but these have mostly been fixed."
76561198017456805,Recommended,230190,15195156,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,David_R,"Re-write of my original, cba writing a long one so simply put it's a fantastic successor to Dungeon Keeper and they fixed most of the bugs/issues it had in early access."
76561198030928655,Recommended,230190,25306873,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,johanbev,"It's very similar to Dungeon Keeper, but well done. If you liked DK you will like this."
76561198328781978,Recommended,230190,25315727,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,King Chaos Dark,Dungeon Keeper 3
,Recommended,230190,13793234,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mindl3zz,"This game made a lot of progress since the start of early access and I'm very happy with the outcome. Some things like hotkeys or explanation for mana-sources are still missing, but I'm sure this will be completed too. I was very pleased with the survival-mode and am looking forward to the release."
76561198015192547,Recommended,230190,19628550,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,JayJo,"This game is a very good remake of a game series coming from the legendary bullfrog production back in the old days.The campaign gives you the old feeling back of crushing the good guys with an evli smirk on your face.The graphics are good for me, but i am not a grphics guy.The only bad thing i experienced is the permantent the cpu attacking. They spawn the attacking fanfare all thetime along with the sound and this is getting on your nerves pretty quick.20 hrs playing may be not much but i had a hell of lot fun playing the campaign.Coulnd belief i got the old feeling back but i did.I can definetly recommend this games for the veterans."
76561198007457380,Recommended,230190,19821974,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ooo_Get_You!,"From the moment I heard the voice over artist (they used the same chap so it is nostalgia central for DK players of old) I knew this was what I had wanted. It ticks all of the boxes.It's not perfect. I miss the pigeon latin whenever you clickd a spell and there is a certain lack of quirky fun, but it is a brilliant update on a classic. I know that there are a few attempts to replicate DK about. I think this one actually does it and adds in some interesting features."
76561198028788330,Recommended,230190,19768741,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,XeroMan,"A very enjoyable game that will fulfill the cravings of OCD types in designing a dungeon. I missed all the rough patches that the negative reviews seem to be focused on thankfully.Pros- Great gameplay- Voice acting- Story is good- Humour- DK2 play with updated graphics... AWESOME!- Development team seems very in touch with its base, very responsive and continues to develop the gameCons- Still a work in progress- Lag at later levels with many units- Pathing is also problematic at later levels (minions stuck in enemy base not able to move, obey flags, satifisfy wants etc ... I used the recall spell to return them to their lairs)- Pathing through doors was problematic at times with imps seeming to treat open doors as closed- The ending was kind of a let down for me personally, but I'm sure many will find it amusingTLDR: Seriously?"
,Recommended,230190,19570570,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Vikings,Excellent reiteration of dungeon keeper 2.
76561198238849744,Recommended,230190,19630844,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,CrystalBooness,I really love this game. Reminds me so much of Dungeon Keeper with awesome graphics!!  I love being evil!
,Not Recommended,230190,16605543,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jarcionek,"EDIT (December 2015):Half year later I decided to give it another try. Many of the bugs have been fixed, however not all of them and there are a few minor new ones (e.g. sometimes icons above minions not showing).Workers' AI is as poor as it was - workers sometimes stay and do nothing instead of capturing territory of defeated enemy so generally you can forget about playing on large maps with multiple enemies.Graphical bugs have been fixed and performance has been improved, however there are still FPS drops and the game freezes/crashes when changing textures quality in the options.Minimap is as useless as it was. There is no large map and it is not possible to zoom out the main view. Still no auto-close on doors. Generally, there is too much micro-management and no easy way to handle it.Review just after getting out of Early Access (June 2015):The game is great, it is really Dungeon Keeper improved. It looks very promising, however as it currently is, there are too many bugs and flaws. On the good side, developers seem to care, they read the feedback and improve the game and I cannot wait to change this review to positive. I have played a few skirmishes and campaign up to mission 10, which was the biggest one so far and it has really revealed too many problems.Bad things- it is impossible to load certain saves, the game gets stuck while loading- performance - with decent graphics adapter and on lowest settings the game becomes unplayable on medium size maps (and it's not just FPS, the whole interface becomes slow and unresponsive)- sometimes the fog of war is not revealed correctly on some tiles so you have creatures moving through the dirt, if you hover over it it displays ""fog of war""- sometimes graphics of the creatures is not displayed correctly, creature looks like if it was teleporting, it is once displayed in one place, a second later in another- sometimes a button to scroll through the list of the creatures disappears- creatures are dropped in different place than you click and although it is highlighting where the creature will be dropped is very annoying in torture chamber when you first click on the device to change its purpose and then drop the prisoner next to the device instead of onto it, effectively releasing the prisoner...- sometimes when casting spell (summon imp) the game says there is no sufficient mana even though the bar on top says something else- 5 workers free, extra workers lock your mana (theoretical limit 35, practical 20)- workers' AI is very poor, on large map when I created 50 extra imps with potions they still didn't want to capture enemy territory- the doors don't have auto-close option, they can be either opened for everyone or closed for everyone- there is no sound warning when enemies are destroying your defenses- minimap is useless, pixelated and difficult to see anything on it, it often displays pings in places where nothing happens- there is no large skirmish maps, the biggest is something like 80x80Good things- you can recreate earth tile (!)- a lot of different types of terrains (sand, granite, chasm, blood, some non-mineable explodable thing + at least 10 more I don't remember)- you can reinforce (make a wall tile which is harder to dig for enemy) gold tiles- shrines that provide various bonuses when captured (vision, faster mining, cheaper spells)- call to arms doesn't require mana any more, you can have multiple rally points for different types of creatures- potions - pay for it upfront, wait for the minions to brew it and then use it- constructs - imps can build various objects (bombs, gold teleporters, a thing that claims distant territory, earth tile)- rituals - decide which one, wait for the minions to do their prayers in the special room and then use it- minions build the traps/doors upfront as manufacturing packets, different objects require different number of packets but they will be delivered immediately after setting a trap blueprint if only you have some in store. You can also manually pick up construction parts and drop them on the selected blueprint- you can click on traps for special effects (cannon shoots faster, slowing trap freezes enemies, spike trap gets hidden)- the number of creatures depend primarily on the rooms built (i.e. room 3x3 will attract only 1 creature, room 5x5 will attract max 4), I don't think I have ever hit portal limit (it shows only its capacity usage as e.g. 35%)- multiple ways of earning gold - spell that changes creature into gold statue, ritual that converts mana into gold, a potion that turns earth tiles into gold (which is worth using even if you have to recreate earth tiles with the constructs)- technology tree - you don't have everything available upfront, you have to wait for your minions to research a technology point in the library which you can then use to unlock certain room/potion/spell/construct/trap/ritual- some doors are made of two diagonals of a tile allowing it to be constructed anywhere, this in turn allows wider gates or even diagonal gates"
,Recommended,230190,30660260,Posted: 21 March,all,Burningvillage,"This game was horrible years ago when I first bought it. It was buggy and laggy and often would run at about 5 frames per second. However what they are selling now is a vastly improved game and is finally a true successor to Dungeon Keeper. I liked the campaign and found several of the levels very challenging. The survival mode is very difficult and really adds to the replayability. And now with my pet dugeon coming out this game is finally complete. Personally I think its worth the full price, but if your on the fence it is DEFINITELY worth the sale price. Now if youll excuse me I'm going to torture some good people and listen to them scream. Peace."
,Recommended,230190,19893090,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mrtristor,"Did you like Dungeon Keeper? I have been looking for years, always dissapointed with other games, and I'm telling you:THIS IS IT!This is the closest thing you will ever find, and if feels great to be evil again!Campaign could be longer.4.5/5 TACOS"
,Recommended,230190,20580036,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TestBot,"Brilliantly executet ""reverse"" strategy game.You're also the bad guy. No moral dillema, grey area, anything like that. You're straight up the big bad evil guy.Also it runs great. I haven't found any outstanding bugs besides a few minions getting stuck here or there but that can be fixed quickly with a slap or a pick up."
,Recommended,230190,15037761,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,The Cross,"overwhelming is the word, it's all i ever hoped for, dungeon keeper III at last! it really happened! this game has the gameplay, the voices, the spirit all wich made dungeon keeper famous! you really should buy now!"
,Recommended,230190,9354112,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ch0n@1171,"After flip floping my optinion on this game many time I have settled on I would definitely recommend this gameEven though I agree this game could use some work I am very glad to see the team working hard to make this work 100% , and not just launch the title and abandon the game .With every patch I become certain these guys love the original DK as much as I do maybe even more.What would make me do a backflip from happyness is if you guys can make the imps level up"
76561197995196033,Recommended,230190,15224963,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,KillerPickle,I bought in to this game when it was still early access because the creator promised a very similiar feel to Dungeon keeper 2.  I am asstounded with the progress they have made and it is a really fun game to play.  Im glad i supported a indie game that lived up to my expectations.
,Not Recommended,230190,15226294,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Upgrayedd,"This game should be listed as BETA or EARLY ACCESS! It got tons of bugs, lags and crashes. Wait a few months before buy!"
76561198027891016,Recommended,230190,15227360,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ankharctica,Almost where it needs to be in order to be up to the level of Dungeon Keeper 2 ^^
76561197963714868,Recommended,230190,24002201,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",10/10 would dungeon keeper again
,Recommended,230190,24025364,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,klintwoo,"Its more or less a dungeonkeeper clone. Its good, if not equally good to dungeonkeeper. I also like the feature to have your own private realm and dungeon to form."
,Recommended,230190,23965584,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PF,This is Dungeon Keeper 3 with a different name. Seriously.
76561198064570300,Recommended,230190,24127785,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,neoaustin97,"This is dungeon keepers 3 in all but name. Literally everything might be renamed and there are many changes to the gameplay. but what was done to allow this to live without a copyright smack has made sure this isn't just a rehash of the Dungeon Keepers of yore, but a right proper continuation, even if only in spirit. Seems to have a slight lag problem, but from what I can tell the team is still releasing patches so that should be fixed.Keepers! Now is the time to rise from the infernal pits you've slumbered in. Rise and take the underground once again, as Underlords!"
76561198028212295,Recommended,230190,24036349,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sigma SIX,"Fans of Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 should definitely check this game out.Heavily borrows aspects from the DK series, perhaps a little too much as certain mechanics/units are exactly the same.What it lacks in originality, it makes up for through improving upon the DK formula.Campaign is relatively short and can be completed in around 10ish hours.Can get laggy during huge skirmishes though.Rating: 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,230190,23968746,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Brian Topp,"I am a fan for Dungeon Keeper and hearing this game coming out had made me both excited and also very cautious. There were things that made me very interested like they got richard ridings to do the voice of the narrator/guide, the game was made by fans of the original dungeon keeper and i hoped it would not be a cash-cow like the Dungeon Keeper App. Even though i was excited about this game, I had decided on waiting until the summer sale and they had fixed all the bugs in the game.So installing the game, it started out fun.-Your army all have funny sayings.-Richard Ridings is pure gold.-Graphics are pretty good.-It has the basic feel of Dungeon keeper.-The story is simple.-Similar monsters like Dungeon Keeper.-Controls are good and i like i can change the keyboard layout.I did have issues with this game.1. The content was WAY to short. In dungeon Keeper it was twenty one levels and DK2 had twenty levels (excluding the bonus levels). In this game it was only 13 levels and it was way too short. They seemed to substitute content this by putting in ingame achivements. I really don't care to replay the same level just to get them.2. The ending was... pathetic. They made a twist that made you at first wonder if it was a bug or you did not do something to get a better alternative but you look around find out that it is the ONLY ending. The story was simple, build your army and seek revenge but it fell apart and the end felt the people who made this game raised their hands in the air and said ""well, we tried. Hey check out our DLC"".3. You get lots of features but i  had rarely used them. They gave me to the ability potions,  or rituals, and training arena etc but i never bothered using them unless the mission needed it. I stuck to one stratagy was make tons of minions and expand as fast as possible while making my army strong and the tactic worked on all levels except the necromancer level. I never had a handicap levels where i learned to see the tactical value of using them so it made them pointless.4. They added expansions but does not enhance they game play. They added DLC but it really doesn't move the story one.If you are craving a quick Dungeon Keeper fix type game then this may help you."
76561198031679404,Recommended,230190,23954676,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Faraam,"A good game by, and for, dungeon keeper fans! They gave their own twist to it and added some new mechanics. Pretty good!"
,Recommended,230190,23945972,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Brutal Hamster,A spiritual successor to dungeon keeper done brilliantly!
76561198036177602,Recommended,230190,23939664,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,..,"This IS Dungeon Keeper 3, no more to be said!  I paid a tenner, easily worth double.  Well done guys and thank you for giving me the game I have wanted for years."
,Recommended,230190,25724152,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zorrox,"Wow, this game came a long way. It is now very enjoyable and will make any Dungeon Keep fan happy!"
76561198054438418,Recommended,230190,25390642,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,mercenaryai,"WftO has too much content (rooms, spells, potions etc) and the campaign is a bit linear.Other than that, it's THE DUNGEON KEEPER (3).Two thumbs up!"
76561198075283818,Recommended,230190,16669966,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,richlnye,Great game but there is a level that is next to imposable near the end of the game and it's super frusterating...there should be a difficulty setting as I won't be playing the campane any longer due to being so hard that it's not fun.
76561197967302973,Recommended,230190,25344481,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lenin,Awesome fun.
76561197999040876,Recommended,230190,25396139,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Necrosyther,"Always tried to get dungeon keeper to work on my PC and never could, then I saw this being announced and it was like the comming of jesus, and when it came out, I was delivered."
76561198088258072,Recommended,230190,15227492,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,venomx723272,fun game
76561197973064382,Recommended,230190,25830777,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ember,Awesome reboot of Dungeon Keeper
,Recommended,230190,25864206,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,james.kay,"I guess the developers, like myself, were tired of waiting for a proper Dungeon Keeper sequel and were as annoyed with its current F2P mobile incarnation because they basically went and made one for themselves.Pros:It's Dungeon KeeperCons:No Horny, I guess, because it's not the official IP."
76561198007393417,Recommended,230190,25952031,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sher Khan,"This game is much better than Dungeon Keeper... it's much more challenging (and obviously up to date!) their are many spells, buildings and units available and I imagine more will continue to come as the game expands. It can be a little... aggrivating if you act too slowly or you don't prepare your self.The maps are huge, the missions are fun (and funny), the minions are cool, the enemy are you're typical uptight ""nobles"" and the story is acceptable (with plot twists!).I enjoyed my time with this game, and I suggest it to others who enjoy dungeon-building games that involve minion welfare (if you can call it that...) and basic strategy."
76561197995772422,Recommended,230190,25990656,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Capt. Bloode,If you like Dungeon Keeper 1 and 2 you'll love this game! :) Both campaigns are fun and engrossing. :)
76561198042313902,Recommended,230190,26570814,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tofu Slayer,"brings back the memories, does the job although it could have been executed better. still a great game, love the voice/sound effects!"
,Recommended,230190,28687457,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Liquidthex,"Dungeon Keeper was one of my favorite games, and this is an excellent spiritual successor.It is not perfect, what re-creation ever is? But it is absolutely very well done and fun to play.It does not have the same feel as the original, nothing will, but it was a very enjoyable experience.It is priced very well even when it's not on sale as it is a 20-hour experience, not a 40 hour."
76561198053917563,Recommended,230190,22465537,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,YukimuraTakeda,It was my fault not to have been able to arrive at a title menu.Setting seemed to change by the result that I had put translation MOD in carelessly.I have bothered a person of the development for a long time.>Cant play :<>CTD before reach the title menu.>But the person of the support coped very kindly.>I expect it for the update.
,Recommended,230190,23274651,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Crozzfire | 1€ ≠ 1$,"With the new patch, I would have no problems recommending this to any fan of the old Bullfrog games like Dungeon Keeper.Good: Very entertaining, good level design, lots of details, good music, good old gameplay from Dungeon Keeper.Bad: It's not super polished, and performance problems in late game could be a problem for some computers."
,Recommended,230190,22899736,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cohj,"This is the second time that I've gone back to this game and it's much better then the first so perhaps with a bit more support. War of the overworld will do well but right now it's still a buggy mess and...They are released paid DLC without fixing said bugs.  If you buy this game,  be aware of bugs but if you can get past them it is a solid game.Edit:Looking at dev responses. I have to change my review. See the comments below and support this great team!"
,Recommended,230190,23270423,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Deathbybatfink,"This game is both good and bad. The game is fun and enjoyable at times. With a fully fleshed out campaign experiance, and good multiplayer. It also has great gameplay mechanics and a large variety of creatures, which allows for a good strategy game. It is also one of the only good dungeon keeper spiritual succesors.Despite this the game is glitchy and runs like crap. It's glitchy and requires a good PC to be able to run properly. If you love dungoeon keeper you will love this game. 6/10. I would give it higher if it wasnt for how badly the game runs."
76561198013252146,Recommended,230190,23247674,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,facesforce,"UPDATED:When I first bought this game, I suffered a bug, well, many bugs just getting the game working. The resolution did not want to change, and the largest offender of them all, was that in a Dungeon Keeper-esque game, the ability to dig tiles was impossible. There was no mouse control in game except for the UI, and that is the most infurating thing possible.However, War for the Overworld seems to have a very dedicated Developer, and thier team found a workaround to my problem(Look at the comments for details).The Gameplay is pretty fun, and the theme does not detract from the game at all. Building is a snap, researching is as well. If I had any real complaints, it's the speed is fast, faster then I am used to, but this just serves as a additional challenge.Definitely pick this up if you want a compentent modern take on Dungeon Keeper. Just be careful of the bugs."
,Recommended,230190,16724017,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DeeKay,"Well since they fixed the lots of bugs, i am giving this game a postive recommendation now."
,Recommended,230190,15279279,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kuddster,"The game has some serious issues. On the little island campaign mission, after you get about 10 rooms or so, the game lags to unplayable proportions. It will just start jittering every minute or so, down to every 10-15 seconds, then the framerate drops to say 5 or so, and then you're getting a frame every 20 seconds. Unplayable. I am running an AMD Phenom II 960T, 16gb DDR1600, GTX 760. Monitor resolution is 1440x900@75. I can play even the most demanding games in existence at great FPS. At most I'll drop to 20fps in the most intensive games. This is unacceptable. I payed for the game on release because I wanted another DK game to play, and up to this point, it was exactly what I was looking for.Side note: I have the quality of the game down to the most basic and god awful resolutions possible, and it still does it. Trust me, I've been a huge PC gamer for quite a long time and I've tried everything. Reinstalled drivers, fresh install of windows, defragging, chkdsk, virus scans. Everything on my end is fine. Until the game is fixed I would not recommend this to players with even 1% less of a computer than I have.EDIT: Changing my review to something positive. The game is great after the bug fixes and I would recommend it to anyone who has/is/was a fan of the Dungeon Keeper games."
76561198164879480,Recommended,230190,18074162,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Scallact,"Good reboot of Dugeon Keeper. I'm glad it's now possible to play defensively as well, thanks to the latest patches. Thumbs up to the developers for the Linux version."
76561198043282843,Recommended,230190,23780499,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Darkscab,"I played dungeon keeper 1,2  and one of the best game I ever played!!! When I saw this game, OMFG! this is DK3 and I loved it already!!! Gameplay is so much like DK 2 but better in every way."
,Recommended,230190,23768578,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fahkeet,"As a fan of DK \ DK2, I've waited a long time untill i felt this game would be a fair purchase. I felt it now. I've kept an eye, now and then, at how the game was advancing and how the staff was trying to overcome the difficulties shown at the initial release, and it seems they have been following a very good path. The staff are very supportive and listen to the community.For the (yet) little experience i've had, it made me feel very good and remember those DK days. A game like this, following a very good path, needs people attention and support to let it grow bigger and bigger and conquer it's place.I'll update my review as my played time goes higher."
76561198126975019,Recommended,230190,23744809,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"Runs great, plays great, it's basically Dungeon Keeper, no, it IS Dungeon Keeper, there are some variants here, and there, but nothing that has made not want to play this game, so far it's been great, and runs great, nor does it has crashed on me once, i haven't encountered any bugs, but i can tell that some people have, so there's that, i recommend watching a video of this game first in order to get an idea on how the actual game it's played, it's really well done, and to be frank, coming from an indie studio i was a little bit afraid, but everything turn out well, so there."
76561198089319762,Recommended,230190,22380273,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,cfowler7,"Fans of Dungeon Keeper 2 enjoy this replica game very much. It has so many similarities that will make the hardcore DK fans feel at home. I bought this long ago, back when it was a beta. And I have to say it has deeply improved in gameplay, graphics and performance. There is plenty on the plate, including Map Editor. Which was never asked for, but really gives players some creativity too. A lot has been added into this game.Pros.-Campaign is both interesting and challenging.-Some levels of the campaign force you to change your tactics, avoiding repetitive missions.-The narrator that guides you has an awesome voice while being full of dark personality and useful.-Ability to create maps and share them via Workshop on Steam-The selection of minions, rooms and constructions are nice-Features Competitive games-Look gorgeous and performs perfectly (providing you don't have over 150 minions or more running around, or the custom map is too big)------Cons.-Some campaign missions are too hard and grind my teeth to dust. (mission 12, I still have yet to pass it)-Compared to DK2 it really lacks the amount of traps.-Vampires are still a pain to have.-The Editor needs a better 'flip' ability. I have to manually change all the traps which is a massive pain.-Is a bit of a 'look up guide' simulator on the hard parts.-The Sanctuary could do with it's own minion (kinda like how the Temple on DK2 had an Archangel.----I' just being picky with the cons, but you get what I mean. I highly recommend this game!"
76561197970637854,Recommended,230190,22351738,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kithsakhai,"Ok... I'm a LONG time uber fan of DK1, DK:DD, DK2, and the fan remakes of those that work on modern systems... THIS one... with a shaky start in development, the state it's in since 1.4... makes up for all that, and puts it right up there in dungeon management games.  While arguably not as difficult as DK1 or DD, definitely brings back the fun that made me love that series in the first place.there are a couple gripes i have (namely being unable to pick minions up outside your claimed tiles when they go running off to die... gold being too easy to get late game, which lets you make huge mistakes and still win relatively easily, and a few others) but none of these have so far paled the engrosing teck of evil you wrack in the realms of goodly wissues.GREAT voice acting, they brought make a number of voices (primarily the narrator from DK2 who was perfect) and each creature and enemy has a number of funny lines that make things more interesting if you take the time to listen.mechanics wise (aside from how trivial gold is with avarice ritual) the ritual, potion, and contructs system brings a HUGE list of possibilites for expanding, defending or interrupting that were missing in the other games, more veritable tools in the evil belt, always good.TLDR: if you enjoyed DK, pick this up, its definitely worth it."
,Recommended,230190,22391018,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,executeu,"You know which game this is coming from right ? i wont mention the name bcz i have been told its better not to -However the game is getting developed, support it by purchasing it - im following the updates on patchs and loving the new addition, i think soon enough this game is gonna reach a great peak !"
76561197994224400,Recommended,230190,30759696,Posted: 26 March,all,Narbat,"I loved the heck out of Dungeon Keeper and DK2 back 20 years ago.  This does not disappoint me as a sequel. A little unpolished to justify the price tag, maybe, but definitely worth picking up on sale. I'm about halfway through the main campaign and it's been well worth the $15.75 I paid for the Gold Edition. As far as I'm concerned this is DK3."
76561198007094025,Recommended,230190,24363575,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sergeant_Sourpuss,"I loved Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 as a kid and this is the true spiritual successor in nearly every conceivable way. It's great to see a game that has had so much love poured into it. There's nothing more fun than capturing enmy units, throwing them into your prison and then torturing them to convert them to your side. Not to mention all the potions, spells and traps you can play around with. Just excellent."
,Recommended,230190,24377048,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jareth Gawain,"I bought this game when it was in early beta. It was pretty buggy back in the day, came back to play it a few weeks back.. Holy Sh.... You guys did awesome."
76561198018598516,Recommended,230190,23281657,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,euplatious,"Just bought the game, and was unable to play it - the game would hang after the load screen.  I uninstalled it and reinstalled nothing, I tried taking out the DLC and running it vanilla, nothing.  I tried the various tips and tricks listed, nothing.  I double checked that I meet, or exceed, the recommended requriements, and I nail them all, and in some cases, far exceed them.  It still doesn't work.  When a game has been out for as long as this game has been, I expect to not have ""unable to play"" issues that I have here.  On release?  Sure!  Annoying but sure.  Here?  that's not acceptabel or feasible.  Thus, for the first time in my life, I am going to submit a request with Steam to return a game.  Because, frankyl, I shouldn;t have to spend a hour of my personal life on the weekend, buying, installing, trying to run, reading tips, and then doing various things to get a game to work, so that then, I can try to actualyl have fun.  It's not worth the investment to me.EDIT - A new patch was announced that fixed thiss tuff, and I d/led it again and have been plaing and enjoying it.  So we are swapping to a yay from a boo"
,Recommended,230190,24144324,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Waited till Early Access was removed before playing the campaign (Having backed this game) and glad I did. A smart, fun, challenging, unofficial sequel to Dungeon Keeper.Brilliant VO work by British Actor Richard Riding'ssome levels throw you in the deep end with items you haven't yet experimented with (So a couple of restarts on various missions is inevitable)Since I played the beta so much has been worked on and I'm currently enjoying the expansion campaign Heart of Gold."
76561197961661707,Recommended,230190,20592615,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cmdr Scruff,"For all those Dungeon Keeper fans, this is a must have.Fortunately for me, I havnt had any of the problems described in other reviews.Buy it now!"
,Recommended,230190,17272627,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,シェーン,"It was a sketchy launch, all of us who wished for the best know this. But very quickly, the devs fixed most of the problems and placeholders. I wont give a detailed review of the game, read others for that. Just know that now the game is definitly worth buying, without fear of gamebreaking bugs."
76561197984856798,Recommended,230190,27778412,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eagle7 (Evo),"Welcome Keeper.....Your mischievous desires may reign underground here once again! Slap, drug, pillage, and insult demons indused from your daddy issues to quell your inner most desires.This is Dungeon Keeper 3. I'm extremely pleased.... *evil laugh*"
76561198073883030,Recommended,230190,27655703,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jje,"great game, just like dungeon keeper. alot easier though."
,Recommended,230190,27653413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,R@tbert,"Really good rework of the old Dungeon Keeper 2, I used to play that game a lot and this game has really brought those memories back while also adding some amazing new feature that also fit in.The campaign is pretty cool, they made some levels with very interesting mechanics that differ from how you usually play the game which they should explore and adapt a bit more. The levels where you play with or against other Underlords were also really fun, I feel like they could've used those characters more in other levels though, makes it less lonely when it's just you versus the empire.The expansion was a bit dissapointing seeing as the campaign was a bit dull with a few funny parts here and there, however it's a free expansion so there are no issues there."
76561198005321598,Recommended,230190,26019688,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Newsush,"after some mis understand from both me and some of the Q & A i am recommending this game it like dk1 all over again but in better grapics and the team keep supporting it, my thumbs up to the dev team on they support to game after so long. it well worth the money"
,Recommended,230190,510404,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,BanHammer,"So far Awesome Job.. menus could use some work, along with the curser when over them, but it's playable and pretty close to DK2 (So freaking awesome!)"
76561197997559839,Recommended,230190,28566552,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,profitX10,"This is a servicable dungeon keeper inspired game.There are good moments to be had here.There are nitpicks all over,but in the end, you have to ask, did you have fun and did you get your moneys worth from the product?  For me the answer is certainly YES.   If you want dungeon keeper 3.. this really isnt it... But if you want dungeon keeper 2 redone so you could play it again and have it feel new with a couple more gimmiks... Yeah this is it!Dont let my lackluster bland review stop you from buying it. There is fun here, it is not everything you want, but compared to the competition this completely blows it all away."
76561198099449055,Recommended,230190,28539324,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,420 Man Sid,Super Fun Single player hard to. feels like a old school rts. more campain dlc or updates would be the only thing i can ask for after i get done with the 2 campains
76561198081488869,Recommended,230190,28032359,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EnIgMaTiC,"It was a fine game. Something to kind of help with the DK feaver. But if I did not know dungeon keeper in my youth I would say this game was missing a lot of work. Units not always fighting even though they are being hit( and outleveling and being a higher tier unit). Workers really having a difficult time doing what I need them to do. But even though all that is happening in the game, it still feels somewhat satisfying.Except for the campaign ending. After that I felt like uninstalling and never looking at this game again.Except for that last mission in the campaign , I must say this was a really fun game to play , through all those tiny annoyances. Worth buying if on a steam sale."
76561197993819941,Recommended,230190,28430842,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Net-FX,"As a long time DK2 fan [was never really keen on the original DK], it's fair to say this will be a welcome return to familiar gameplay for other DK2 players however, in brief, the following needs to be addressed:1 - Serious optemisations - At times, even on my 1080 based system, the game crawls when my mammoth army goes on the rampage.  Slows to 2 fps at times.2 - Random crashes and the only way to report crashes is via registration through a third party website - Not ideal for people wanting to just send direct.3 - Very little in the way of guiding you through the mountain of options. The 'sin' tree is hudge and offers a lot of gameplay options however, only a few of them seem to be addressed in the tutorial, most are left up to the player to find out about.... and, this leads on to....4 - No 'pet' dungeon to practice with. For a game hoping to follow in DK's mighty footsteps, this missing feature is a real shame. Generally, with the game proper, it is a massive learning curve with little time to mess about to see what options you have [spells, potions ect].BUT.... This lot said, this is STILL a fun game and certainly vapourised my weekend so far in terms of time played he he."
76561198013089124,Recommended,230190,28480678,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Handsome Matt,"The game is great until the last few levels. It seems like the AI ratchets up the difficulty exponentially. It went from fun but challenging, to infuriating. While the narrator started off clever and witty, he quickly becomes annoying and redundant with no seeming way to shut him up.The mechanics are good, but the control leaves just the slightest bit to be desired.If you loved Dungeon Keeper this a good game, but be warned: like most contemporary ""reboots"" it's fell short of the wickedly clever mark and landed closer to mean-spirited. Definitely worth a purchase if it's on sale, the warts are a bit more tolerable."
76561198133965070,Recommended,230190,28454485,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,bay031,"what a refreshing modern version of Dungeon Keeper, i played Dungeon keeper Gold not long ago however it hadden aged well, If you a fan or not its definitely worth buying !"
,Recommended,230190,28444268,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JoWie,"I bought this game at release day and at that time it was _very_ unpolished. This has improvided considerably and it is  pretty fun to play now. I did get a bunch of DLC for free because I was an early purchaser.It has many improvements over DKII. The tempo is much higher than DKII however, I personally liked the tempo in DKII more.(Each mission even has a time limited achievenement). I do not really like multiplayer in these types of games so I do not have any experience with that in this game.Most of the campaign missions are pretty good, I just wish there were many more of them. I think they are trying to address that by supporting user created ""scenario's"", however that feature still needs a bit more work."
76561198022062899,Recommended,230190,28453198,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CoolLew,"I loved Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2, and this game is as faithful as any I've seen to those two great games.The Storyline is a little hard to follow at first, but it doesn't really matter, the missions are a lot of fun and the narrarator is suffently campy.I would also recommend Dungeons2, while not as faithful to DK as WftO, it's also a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,230190,28449102,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Barnaby Jones,"It's like playing Dungeon Keeper for the first time all over again.It's even better because they've added some VERY GOOD additions to spells etc that really vary your fighting and dungeon building abilities.Definitely recommended, especially if on sale (expansion too)."
,Recommended,230190,28490564,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Reidskie,"I heard about War for the Overworld when I was looking to see if the old Dungeon Keeper games had been put on Steam. A couple of reviews I read said that WftO hit on all the things that made Dungeon Keeper great and I am going to have to agree. It hit every bit of nostalgia that I was hoping to get out of playing Dungeon Keeper again.There was a good variety of rooms, units, constructs and spells. Not all of the levels were ""destroy this other person's core building'"". It lasted me about 15 hours to beat the campaign on my first try and this was with me having to restart levels multiple times because I made poor decisions about my dungeon layout.The only negative I would have is that the AI was very passive and barely attacked for the first third of the campaign and then suddenly got ratcheted up to 11. I then came across a ""kill room"" design that I used for every level after that because the enemies were never smart enough to break a wall somewhere else. Instead they would just walk through a room of death that they couldn't possibly survive. In general, combat is the one thing I would love to see improved in a sequel. Merging RTS unit controls like from StarCraft would be my dream because currently you just plant rally flags to draw your units and cross your fingers that your numbers are bigger than the enemies.If you are looking for something to scratch that Dungeon Keeper issue look no further. You have found it. Simply buy this game and enjoy the ride."
76561198027615878,Recommended,230190,26990201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Wert, The Happy Dwarf","This is about as close as we are ever going to get to Dungeon Keeper 3, and I'm ok with that. EA proved it can not handle the stable of franchises it owns, so a spiritual successor comes in to fill the role proper. The game is almost identical to DK2, but it is ever so slightly different. Rooms are still dripped through the story missions, but you reasearch sins instead of rooms and spells. The sins can unlock different perks, spells, and constucts on a upgrade tree. In single player the unlocks carry over mission to mission, and multiplayer either starts off at 0 or at a base level. We also have an alchemy lab and a workshop that have their own special potions and constructs and most rooms have some interactable prop that determines their behavior. My favorite is the messhall prop that allows you to grind up anything and feed it to your minions. The campaign is pretty good, but one glaring, cart-stopping blemish arises during one mission where you control a small group of creatures with no dungeon core to defend. It took some getting use to the controlling of creatures without picking them up and flinging them at their target. The banners are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor during navigation more complex than a stright line or right angle. I ended up using the possession spell for most of it, and even then the other creatures didn't want to explicitly follow the leader. Other than that though it is pretty much DK2, so if you loved Dungeon Keeper like I did, pick it up. It is a vast improvement over Dungeon Keeper Mobile *shudder*."
,Recommended,230190,30600802,Posted: 18 March,all,Tilted af,Really fun and reminds me a lot of the original DK series. Scratched that itch that I've had since the DK series died
76561198081856228,Recommended,230190,26905469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MadMilkyCow,Awesome game
,Recommended,230190,8690500,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ЯIR,"Good remake of dungeon keeper, i hope devs will make it better and better"
,Recommended,230190,23339514,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Midnight Tea,"It's been about a year and a half if not more since the original ill-fated Early Access version of this game and the news spread fast that it was all show and destined to fizzle out as a buggy mess. A well-intentioned fart on the elevator that has a bit of the aroma of nostalgia for the classic Dungeon Keeper, but nothing more. Too big for their britches.But wait! WAIT! Cue the Rocky theme song!The developers not only got their act together, but have been releasing regular updates! It's still not fully optimized and still has a sticky U.I. in places, but I'm confident in saying this lives up to Dungeon Keeper now! It's definitely on par with the original two in terms of production quality and it's just going to get better from here. My favorite part is that you're basically playing an extra-dimensional demon in this one, with rival demons from other worlds and you're set on conquering a corrupt theocratic human empire. Pretty cool evolution on the DK story, even!  The singleplayer campaign is actually pretty well balanced/realized too.It's a bit expensive for me to give it an easy recommendation, but put it on your radar if you want to experience Dungeon Keeper again."
,Recommended,230190,28427759,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sam,"Just diving into this game. From minute one it fits the expectations. Technically it runs very well even on the 12"" macbook (low settings) which was suprising. What really stands out is the sounddesign, it's superior. After playing only a few minutes I am quite overwhelmed by the massive content his game has. Map editor, multiple campaigns, multiplayer, quick match, goals, unlock themes... I don't know what you want more. For dungeon keeper fans a must play. I think I will spend a ton of hours with this game."
,Recommended,230190,24088005,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,apollo,Dungeon Keeper 2.0 - nothing more to say :D
76561198286787528,Recommended,230190,28689901,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,josh-falcon,hi  i just finished downloading the game but i cannot use the hand for digging?
76561198008208579,Recommended,230190,28753877,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,valinoros,"10/10Run, don't walk to buy this game.It is very addictive and rewarding.Some later missions requireing seeting up defences can take many hours to play.Best come back from old classic."
76561198314113769,Recommended,230190,28770712,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Osk,"Love it! I was a huge fan of the DKII and i think, that this perfectly fits together with the old DKs.PROS:*It feels like a seperate game, with it's own type of style and humor, with quite a lot of new rooms and creatures and not like a new, modified version of the DK series. The gameplay is also improved quite a bit from the old series.*I love how the spell researching plays bigger role in the WftO, than it did before. And the Titans have replaced Horny.*The narrator adds to the nostalgic feel of the game.*The levels do have quite the replay value, (as there are mostly multiple ways to do the levels) especially if you are a freak for the achievements.*The survival mode. It's quite hardcore in the beginning, but it's also much fun.*The keepers (underlords) have their own styles and not only colors.CONS:*the game performance (as many others have also noted). Once it gets crowded, the performance drops drastically.*The main story was too short.Recap: if you loved the old DK2, you'll probably like this one. As i said - it's not a newer, prettier 1:1 copy of the old games, but it is more of a game of it's own."
76561198032826193,Recommended,230190,28732106,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pliskin,As a fan of the dungeon keeper games I only wish I knew about this game sooner!!!!!!
76561197971494366,Recommended,230190,28981530,Posted: 3 January,all,Byson,to be honest a thought this game wouldent live up to my memorys of dungeon keeper....and dungeon keeper 2 but boy was i wrong now i havent played much of it just the first few missions but it reminds me of my childhood of spending hours making my dungeon perfect to defeat the good guys....if you liked dungeon keeper this game is for youif you didnt like dungeon keeper...i dont like you and you should go away....10/10 !very fun
76561198001413615,Recommended,230190,15772016,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Remann,Good game.
,Recommended,230190,29519341,Posted: 27 January,all,Firelife,"Great game overall, few bugs and those that pop up tend to be taken care of fairly quick. It is very Dungeon Keeper like and the narrator is just as pushy when I try to take my sweet time on mission but thats part of why I love it. Devs are very active aswell which is awesome. Thanks to the WFTO team for restoreing some of my faith in early access games."
,Recommended,230190,31068439,Posted: 10 April,all,Liddan,It is like playing Dungeon Keeper again.
76561197978712839,Recommended,230190,31064071,Posted: 10 April,all,stece,"I've played through the entire single player game and the DLC content. Honestly I LOVE it. In the 90's I loved Dungeon Keeper and I was super sad when EA bought and killed the franchise. WFTO is a good spirutual successor of that franchise and improved a lot upon it.It's a nice strategy and sandbox building game in a evil/dungeon setup. Even if you didn't play Dungeon Keeper, you will enjoy it a lot! ;)"
,Recommended,230190,31081015,Posted: 11 April,all,Rokhamr,Back in the days Bullfrog company and Dungeon Kepper i have not found a game that captured the vfun DK series did Until Now.  Its a great game
76561198056871580,Recommended,230190,31076544,Posted: 11 April,all,robtodd306,good game
76561198041765891,Recommended,230190,31078344,Posted: 11 April,all,Cptpain,"I would recommend this game to any one in a heart beat. I don't want to say the typical thing like 'This is the closist thing to Dungeon Keeper' however, it really is!!!"
76561197963772935,Recommended,230190,31080372,Posted: 11 April,all,cybertr0nic,"Fun game! Even the old Dungeon Keeper voice actor, been waiting for this"
76561197985776801,Recommended,230190,15190953,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Apoc,"It's a nice game. Will successfully remind everyone of Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2.However, it crashes often, slows down to sluggish speeds (reload needed), and feels overall unfinished (you can see DEV info in various toolboxes).Wait a month or two.Edit a year later: This game is great!"
76561198019129827,Recommended,230190,31100280,Posted: 12 April,all,NurgleBurger,Its like Dungeon Keeper 2. Nuff said. Get ready for nostalgia overload!One thing I do miss though that isn't in WftO is the Dark Temple room from DK1 and 2 which allowed you to sacrifice creatures to get rarer ones like the Dark Angel. Really hope they add that in in a future update.
76561197970348104,Recommended,230190,31116127,Posted: 13 April,all,Fortuna,You liked Dungeon Keeper 2?You will surely like this.
76561198207713049,Recommended,230190,33308842,Posted: 6 July,all,Yautja,"Pays homage to the original Dungeon Keeper while building on the formula by adding new units and game mechanics. Overall it is a positive experience. However, minor gripes, such as optimisation issues (framerate drops) at later stages in the game or an unsatisfying combat system hurt it's rating."
76561198078188235,Recommended,230190,33358070,Posted: 7 July,all,Motz,"+/-.definitely a nice game!      (tl,dr: ""...if you didn't play DK/DK2, you'll probably LOVE it"")you got the looks&feel of being that evil underlord recruiting minions to slaughter those pesky heroes. you can possess your creatures and control them 1stPerson. rally points and excludes, training, defenses, yadda yadda.if you're new to the series, i strongly encourage you to give it a try. (DK1+2 are a bug-fest these days)...if you're new to the series and have access to an older PC, try grabbing Dungeon Keeper 2 ;p.....if you're NOT new to the series and expect a +1 of DK2, keep your fingers off this product. :(nice voice acting though.  (graphics feel like DK1 forced onto a 3D engine within 3 week's notice)basically.+1, if you know what you're purchasing."
,Recommended,230190,33290485,Posted: 5 July,all,Haplea,Great game! This is the real Dungeon Keeper 3.
76561198012365888,Recommended,230190,33289041,Posted: 5 July,all,The Sperm ☯,The game we waited for! Dungeon keeper but better!
76561198052242622,Recommended,230190,33344200,Posted: 7 July,all,lobstermadness,A half-way thumbs up --- 7 out 10 gameALL of the campaign levels are basically puzzles that you have to figure out thru trial and error.   Then you have to baby your troops with manual heal spells and ALSO zap the enemies a lot by hand with a lightning spell.  Does that sound fun aftrer the 5th level?  Not so much. That gameplay just isnt the DK game that I wanted to play.
76561197971128181,Recommended,230190,31204191,Posted: 17 April,all,FarT_Rhin0,I've been playing Dungeon Keeper since the day it came out back in 1997 & this IS the real spiritual successor to Dungeon Keeper no matter what people say.No other game comes close.
76561198286116763,Recommended,230190,30374832,Posted: 7 March,all,OH_HEY_BILLEH,"Decent game. It's not quite the way I remember DK, but that said it's still a good game.Needs work with the buggy menus and loading. Suffered events not loading in some campaign matches and having to save and load the game to get them to occur. 70% Of the time I cannot navigate the menu for crashing.All it needs is a few fixes and some lower texture options for those larger dungeon maps. I switched to low and it ran like a potato in the final campaign mission by the time I had the forces to storm the gate.Keep updating and I'm sure this will be a refined title."
76561198056331774,Recommended,230190,18795864,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Guzzleg,"{UPDATE}The bugs have gone (afaik) and the DLC is great fun. Keep it up!{OLD REVIEW}Buggiest thing I have EVER played. Most of the units bug out, stare at walls, or plain an simply cannot find home and get angry and desert you (while standing 2 blocks off where they want to go).Enemy units bug out, sink into the floor and cannot be attacked anymore, while they themselves are able to do so.And please stop those useless Zerg levels. If I want to play StarCraft, I will gladly do so. At least with StarCraft I don't have to spam a Heal spell like it owes me money, just to fight 3 guys that can insta-spawn high level creatures en masse. While I have to constantly remake workers to claim something I could be using, maybe, if I'm lucky."
76561198013019861,Recommended,230190,31331208,Posted: 23 April,all,Ninjaviau,Dk3? Oh how i have searched for you...
76561197971155742,Recommended,230190,31326680,Posted: 23 April,all,moxy,"a very fun game, not overly complex, but just right."
,Recommended,230190,31535240,Posted: 3 May,all,Overclock,Fantastic game. It's Dungeon Keeper 3.
76561198003922696,Recommended,230190,33131397,Posted: 2 July,all,Beans,"This game is a great throwback to an excellent era of game development. The flavor is good and it fills an interesting niche. I enjoy the multiplayer, though I wish there were more objectives than just destruction. Maybe co-op?"
76561198154498656,Recommended,230190,33322381,Posted: 6 July,all,knigetnamen,"Fun game with some difficulty to keep it interesting.. Be prepared to bring your foes their timely demise, but don't forget the terror of pay day for your minions. Had some initial issues a few months ago and wouldn't have recommended but the devs have gotten together and fixed it. Great work and well worth your dollar."
76561198042456203,Recommended,230190,15211507,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Heimdall112,This game is amazing I have played Dungeon Keeper 1 & 2 and this is indeed a spiritual Successor. I definitly recommend this game.
,Recommended,230190,33601679,Posted: 16 July,all,PingToHigh,Great game
,Recommended,230190,33560247,Posted: 15 July,all,TheMazeGunner,"Finally a worthy Dungeon Keeper 2 sequel - even if not official, it's great!"
76561198028142501,Recommended,230190,33567578,Posted: 15 July,all,Childflayer,Everything I could have wanted from a spiritual successor to DK1 and 2. I played hundreds of hours in DK2 and this is almost EXACTLY the same game. Same mechanics with some extra stuff and some tweaks. Very happy with this one.
76561197971790794,Recommended,230190,15209943,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,jimbo_kemp,The game is way better now and I love reinstalling and playing the new and old levels. It's great.
76561198008961490,Recommended,230190,9607608,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dogtix,"EditFinally had time to take this (much improved) version for a spin.The changes since Early Access are impressive, the devs have managed to pull a great game together. Huge amounts of content now (my only gripe back when it was EA), and very entertaining. I'd happily recommend it to any strategy or Dungeon Keeper fans.Original ReviewHas lots of potential - it's the closest match to a real Dungeon Keeper successor (compared to all the travesties that have attempted it so far). But this is most definitely early access, there's a single small level, a tutorial and a sandox mode - so while it's playable, there's very little actual game here considering the price tag.I'd hold off until there's more actual content before shelling out the cash."
76561198030853973,Recommended,230190,34045129,Posted: 5 August,all,Island Ed,"for me this is a really really well done tribute to dungeon keeper and lacks in nothing i was wishing for.various creatures with diverse attributes, a lots of rooms, nice esthetics, more complexity in your choice of strategie,lots of spells,  everything dungeon keeper had + a lots of stuff more. i sure cant complain.devs did a solid job on this one.8/10"
76561198057412422,Recommended,230190,34083753,Posted: 7 August,all,pchadsr,"Good game, just like Dk and DK2."
76561198031929890,Recommended,230190,34136322,Posted: 9 August,all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,"It reminds me when a band makes a really good demo, but it definitely needs more producing.  This game had good mechanics, a good 'draft' storyline, it was funny, and potentially could have had longevity in multiplayer mode.  Yet all these areas fell short, due to lack of refinement & challenge (tuning?).  UI seemed a little bit like late 90s, but that didn't bother me, it was actually nostalgic and maybe a benefit.Still, I give it a recommend at sale price only.(PS - i've never played dungeon keeper as nearly all other posts seem to have. So i don't think i had any bias from that.)"
,Recommended,230190,34234823,Posted: 14 August,all,BiteTheBytes,"Awesome!!! I never knew about this game before but as soon as I was told that there is another ""Dungeon Keeper"" I purchased it quickly.This game is awesome, just like DK was and if you loved DK, this one is a must-have :)"
76561197983105124,Recommended,230190,34214355,Posted: 13 August,all,Extremophile Elite,"8/10My only complaint with this game is the atrotious UI and controls. It is super super bad. Other than that, it's a great re-creation of Dungeon Keeper. It just seems they decided to re-create the horror of the 90's controls and UI as well.Oh, and there was definitely some performance issues on the last 2 missions. I7, 1070, 16gb ram."
,Recommended,230190,25562119,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,carrie.jacob737,"re-writing my review to say this game is GREAT.  I've played DKI and DKII for a long time, and now that i've waited a few years to play this again, I am blown away by how awesome (and funny) it is.  Keep up the good work!  Most fun I've had playing in a long time."
76561198034335773,Recommended,230190,15187808,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ThaSoulz,"Disclaimer, this review has been edited from negative to positive. Everything I wish to add will be at the bottom.In many ways this is a game with great potential. I only got 2 days ago, and after playing for a bit I figured out that ok, it's an early access game and there's a lot of work ahead. Today is the 1.0 release, and I am hoping this is a late april fools joke, but it's true. I'd say the game is still in mid-beta stage. It's a fun little game, but by no means a full fledged game ready for release. As many people mentioned it borrows heavily from DK, and anyone who has played it back in the old days will feel at home. The UI is in many ways exactly the same, and it has a few cool new features like alchemy or tech tree. But as I said it's still an underdeveloped beta game. There are major bugs in the campaign, in-game textures are very poor, skirmish offers only 3 maps (all for 2 players only), battle animations are wonky and/or look like temporary placeholders, with a 5x5 study you plow through the entire tech tree in 4-5 minutes tops... Don't get me wrong, THIS WILL BE A GOOD GAME. In a few months. Todays release is a mistake, and if you're considering buying the game hoping for regular gameplay, keep in mind that as of today, you're still signing up for beta testing. Buy a copy of DK2 somewhere and fiddle with it for a month or two, then come back. Maybe it will be a full game then.EDITAfter this game had a chance to grow up and mature I feel it now deserves the recommendation. As for people who downvoted this review, I am sorry your feelings were hurt. I still firmly stand by every word. The game release was so rushed there were still placeholder names on some units.Now the game has 2 fun campaigns and a multitude of both Dev and community made scenarios. At times the game feels slow and I often found it annoying on large maps, that half of the time my creatures were angry simply because they had to traverse massive distances. All in all the game as it exists now is a positive experience."
76561198133592991,Recommended,230190,34385983,Posted: 20 August,all,DESTROYER,this is a great game for anyone to pick up and just have some fun i truly do love it and it has no true flaws that make it unbarable if all things run well unless you delay the game my only problems with this game is i feel the pet dungeon levels are a bit to short along with the heart of gold campaign and the other thing i wish was that the skirmish.scenario maps had some audio to go with it i feel i am being picky there but i feel i could get more hours out of it with added dialouge (please idk if its me being slow but i feel like the 30 minute timer is a bit of a strech for a rts game i mean come on they get soemthing that you cant beat in time its already bad enough that they always have a near infintie supllys of minions but with a titan and they get it in 10 minutes i feel like your pushing it)
76561198048201221,Recommended,230190,34303398,Posted: 17 August,all,Joleen,I liked this game alot worth every penny =) . I recomend this game to anyone who has a sense of humor.SLAP THAT IMP =)
,Recommended,230190,25671900,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ℤeℳantras♕✇,"Yes I Love it! This is the Spiritual Successor of Dungeon Keeper II we deserved :) thankyouI love this game but after going back to the previous dungeon keeper games I started to see some flaws! And bad design decisions !some more obvious than others!Here are my complaints:- Scripted events in the last level of the campaign are a bit sloppy, kinda ruined the ending a bit, but its okay, campaign in a dungeon keeper game its a addonn bonus for me and its more an excuse to listen to the glorious narrator.- nO MOD support,perhaps my biggest complaint! Since this way  no one in the community can try to tackle the game's issues :(- THis game is way too easy! way too forgiving!- too much emphasis on spells, potions n traps! I don't care on half of this stuff! or actually in almost all of them- doesn't cost money to train your minions in the barracks, again, this makes the management way easier than the original dungeon keepers! in DK1 i always have a barracks with a door that will be LOCKED once u start to have money issues, this forces you to micromanage which units you train and wen to train them.- I hate to say this, but sometimes it tries to hard to be funny!- GFX style can be a bit too happy sometimes, wile DK was almost a bit more dark n gothic- your minions are too nice! they seem to have less personality than previous DK games... they don't fight each-other , they don't get angry too often and they ALWAYS follow your commands! in DK1 try to rally all your minions... its not so easy... allot of them just ignore you and go eat chickens or go to sleep wile you are trying to get a fight going! its frustrating at times, but it helps to show their personality a bit more :) it shows allot of them don't like to be bossed around (even if you're paying them hehe)- you are never broke... you don't need to find gold at all...  you just need the avarice spell and you are pretty much rich 100% of the time, the game is even easier once I found this out! that together with previous barracks issue I wrote are 2 recipes that unbalance the game"
76561198019596719,Recommended,230190,31576110,Posted: 6 May,all,Inferno_912,"Hello, I was waiting for this game very long :) With my first experience I had lot of problems, I was so angry with lags and other problems that I add here negative comment but as I promiesed to producent I will test it on other pc and if gonna work normal I will change this review.I realy hope when someone gonna do games should test it on many computers not just some super power expensive PC's -that is the problem for most producent this days. We can't just spend more and more on our computers when machine work just fine. I am the one who doesn't like waste money.Should be more options for graphic. I think we need games not just super graphics like they done in Battlefield 1 as well, game looks great but is short and weird in line, missions. Was more fun in older games of it kind.I will recomend this game but only to those who bought computer in last year no older :()"
,Recommended,230190,34425045,Posted: 22 August,all,TechnoLad,"An extremely easy recommendation for me. Build a Dungeon, hire frightful beasts and warmongering minions and conduct a merceless campagin against those blasted do-gooders. All while catering to pitiful needs like pay and food and making sure your dungeon is well fortified so you don't have an early retirement...and death. Just like the classic that inspired it all."
76561198021173698,Recommended,230190,34437349,Posted: 23 August,all,Bonkers,"Very fun, but the campaign may be over before you slap your second succubus."
76561197977917324,Recommended,230190,35509771,Posted: 5 October,all,Randy the Rando,"At this moment, I've only been playing this game for a few hours but I have enjoyed every second of it thus far. Having played both original Dungeon Keeper games, this one was easy enough for me to pick up and immediately understand what to do, with controls and missions laid out pretty much the same.Honestly, other than the art shift, this game is pretty much DK2 with better graphics. Most of the minions for your dungeons are pulled directly from DK2 but with a new name and look. Heck, it even has the original game's narrator (Richard Riddings) returning to reprise his old role! This isn't a bad thing, IMO, as what EA has done with the original IP has been more than a letdown and has probably ruined any hope of a proper sequal to the Dungeon Keeper series. Think of this as a fresh start for a used and abused franchise.Again, although I haven't played much at the time of this review, so far it is a game certainly worth your time and money if you are a fan of the old Bullfrog games and want to scratch that particular nostalgic itch."
76561198067027019,Recommended,230190,35515792,Posted: 6 October,all,jacobyeavello,Lots of fun! Just what I was hoping it would be!
