user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230270,32162035,Posted: 3 June,all,DreamCarver,"Let me tell you a story.When I was a kid, back in the days when Steve Jobs was still alive, when I only barely understood where babies came from, when I read books about Forestclan and Firestar, when the only video game I actually physically owned was Myst, there were flash games. These were, mostly, the only games that you could share or show to other people. And among your Fancy Pants Man and Run, there was N. One little ninja VS a seemingly impossible number of levels, fueled by gold and a passion for juking rockets.I played the eff out of it. And then, in time, I came to the edge of my abilities. The limits to my perseverence. Eventually, I stopped, but not before enjoying it half to death. There were a few other times, in later years, when I came back to it on a memory trip, downloaded it off the webpage, and kept a tally of deaths as I strived for 100% completion. But again, I eventually became overwhelmed by life and such.And now N++ is here. Faster. Simpler. Bigger and, I will say, better. And now, with tunes. It is the essential N experience, and I am so happy it exists. I can feel myself entering that platforming Zen as I work my way though, a rock garden full of mines and golden flowers. And I continue to be reminded:Simple does not mean Easy. Hard does not mean the opposite of Fun."
,Recommended,230270,32669619,Posted: 23 June,all,atmur,"In 102 hours, I'vePressed Left 146267 timesPressed Right 147379 timesPressed Jump 184434 timesPicked up 158021 goldDied 16088 timesI love this game. It is the only game I would call completely flawless. There are no cheap deaths, every mistake is entirely your fault because you screwed up. The feeling of beating a difficult level is one of the most satisfying feelings in all of gaming. Once, I repeated the same level 250 times in one sitting, and I loved every second of it, despite the constant swearing. 4340 levels, and every one of them is amazing. This is the greatest platformer ever made, and in my opinion, the greatest game ever made.10/10"
76561198040030741,Recommended,230270,29616758,Posted: 31 January,all,horheristo,"A MUST have for any platformer addict!!I got this one on a sale, but in all honesty - if I realized sooner just how much content this one got, then I'd get it much earlier in a heartbeat.The difficulty curve is set in a way thatyouget to choose how you want to play:- Want a more casual experience? simply hit the exit door buzzer and beat the stage.- Wanna ramp up the difficulty? try collecting all the gold!- Still doesn't feel enough? once you beat the main game's levels tab (there are 2 + intro), you can try out different kind of challenges which also unlock even MORE levels! (they're pretty brutal though!)I have clocked in almost 200h as of writing these lines, made a huge amount of progress and STILL haven't even met 70% completion.If you're worried about achievements, then you can rest assured that they cover far less content than what the game actually offers. (around 25% or so)The game includes leaderboards, usermade levels + map creator, local (sadly no online) co-op, lots of color schemes to mess around with, kickass music and as mentioned already - TONS of official levels to play!I had an amazing and unforgettable experience playing this game. Do yourself a favor and get it."
,Recommended,230270,26279313,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,scend,"I actually remembered the first N being a flash game back in 2005, I used to play the hell out of that game before I discovered Steam or even had a game console in general; beated all the levels and episodes. Then my brother and I got a Xbox 360 (we ""shared"" it with each other) and found out there was a sequal called N+, once again, I played it to death and completed all episodes.7 years later, I just saw N++ and instantly, all the memories I had with N and N+ just came flooding back.I feel like my snarky, 3rd grade self again!"
76561197993403701,Recommended,230270,28461590,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,aarona493,Is this the best platformer of all time? Probably.
,Recommended,230270,26276924,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pure Doomium,Only buy N++ if you're a hardcore masochist.
,Recommended,230270,25155581,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BrianWinterheart,"Wow the memories.The second I heard about this releasing, I immediately bought it. Ive been waiting for a long time for a Steam port of this game. Already have tried the Ps4 version too, so Ill be going off that experience as well.Already, I can tell Im going to put some time into it. The music really fits with the action, it controls just like I remember, and the new levels seem to be just as well designed as the original version and PSP version. It has a lot of the nostalgic elements, while not relying on it too heavily and being an all around improvement from the original.Controller support is great (literally plugged in and it worked, no outside app running), and holy crap, the customization is awesome! Also love the coop/multiplayer functionality (local multiplayer!). The level editor is a great edition, its awesome to know that once I get bored of the dev levels, there's plenty of fun to be had with the user created stuff.N++ gets an A++ from me."
,Recommended,230270,25197700,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Garaman,"I had a copy of the original N game on every computer I owned. It was my go-to idle time waster, when I needed a quick challenge to pick me up. I always thought, wow, this is the game they need to do an HD version of. N++ is that game. It's smooth. It's clean. It's fast. It's bigger. It's everything I hoped it would be. And it's back on every computer I own."
,Recommended,230270,25172349,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ａｍ４,"Just as perfect as the original, and as fun as N+Don't listen to the negative reviews, they only exist because of the sake of people being jerks complaining about ""flaws"" where there's none. Little snowflakes seeking for attention.10/10, buy it now."
,Recommended,230270,32908324,Posted: 27 June,all,TʜᴇEɴᴅᴇʀBʟᴀᴅᴇ,"I will tell you a tale.It took place during the 2017 Steam Summer Sale.Ender thought N+ was great,And purchased the sequel for how many dollars? Eight.But he left V-Sync on, you see,And this HP Notebook only has an i3.The game ran pretty slow paced.He did not know of the problem he faced.Tinkering with the settings, he found,The dreaded lag was nowhere to be found.So with his Steam Controller, he played.All the noobness seemed to fade.And now, this child is on a quest,To become the very best.Epic skills shall be obtained.But his bragging? It can't be contained.And now he comes to you today,To write a review in the poets' way.I hope amused is your expression after you read this little whit.Please purchase this game, you won't regret it one bit."
76561198055955259,Recommended,230270,30971206,Posted: 5 April,all,muleFUEL,"Loved N, loved N+, N++ takes it to a whole new level! Everything I love about the original game tightened and refined to a T. Damn this game is amazing! The new colour scheme is fantastic! Can't get enough!"
,Recommended,230270,25614923,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,specialtyface,"If you're like me, you saw the ""2000 levels"" bullet point and started to worry about repetition. Don't. This is a masterclass of level design. Somehow they conjure up endless variety out of the simplest ingredients. The upside of having more levels than you'll ever need is that when you get stuck, there's always somewhere fresh to turn to, at just the right difficulty level."
,Recommended,230270,28441057,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Riz,"Great, challenging platformer with tons of content.A personal 10/10 Game.I would definitely recommend this if you enjoy difficult platformers in the vein of Super Meat Boy.On the other hand, if you don't enjoy very difficult games, or they make you rage I would not recommend this game for you.Definitely check outthe original flash gameto see if this game is for you."
76561198065412229,Recommended,230270,25728712,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,surfingonsquarewaves,"Over my entire life as a gamer, N in it's various incarnations is my most played game by a LONG, LONG shot. Some amazing games are 10-hour experiences, 20 if you replay and look for everything. This is the game built to last a lifetime. It does this by a number of vectors:1) a ridiculously high skill celing with open ended parkour-style gameplay which means that already open-ended levels offer an almost infinite continuum of routes, shortcuts and stunts you can pull off (despite being a three button game). Good games show off how creative the level and game designers are; timeless games let the player show off their own creativity in gameplay.2) A TON of levels, thousands of them, multiple goals and playstyles (all gold, highscore, speedrunning, local multiplayer, lots of secret missions and unlockables) and that all important level editor with online sharing and leaderboards. This, combined with an extremely rich and finetuned movement and gameplay design means the game literally never ends. You can always get better, you can always play new levels, and you can always make new levels.3) The online leaderboards which I mentioned before mean you can always get better at any level, and doing so gives you tangible rewards - replays that you can watch and of course that sweet, sweet highscore on the leaderboard. This drives the community to push the envelope with regards to creative routing through the level and to find ever more ways to speed the ninja up.4) The aforementioned finely-tuned gameplay. There are lots of platform games around, but none of them have the unique feel of N, and by extension, N++. Use your momentum to fling yourself around the screen, over huge chasms, around loops, up mountains and down into deadly caverns. Walljumping off of slopes, curves and (of course) walls, plus the interactions with level geometry and objects creates an endless variety of tricks to invent, discover and master.Imagine the visceral thrill and speed of Sonic, the constant forward-planning and puzzle platforming of Lode Runner, and the challenge of Meat Boy only much more scalable due to you being able to set your own goals in the game. No other game can make me wince, scream, uncontrollably jump out of my seat or curse the level designer and call them horrible things like N++. No other game has a movement physics so precise that you can almost feel your character touching the walls and grazing past deadly mines.With no scrolling, no fancy graphics or decorations, no storyline and no real mystery, each level gives you a god's-eye view of every trap, every enemy and every platform. Planning forwards becomes essential to weave in and out of enemies, what seems impossible eventually becomes second nature. You will level up as a player, not a character; and you will learn to cope with extreme stress and continue to press on against an overwhelming feeling of hopelessness.Finally, the presentation is a perfect melding of form and function, inspired by minimalist art, op art, technical diagrams, floor plans of buildings and architecture in general, the vector graphics and contemporary colour schemes are complimented by the smoothest framerate and literally perfect controls. Polish drips off of the game like one of those glossy magazines.One of the timeless games, and the best skill-based platformer ever devised, taking the art of platforming down to the level of a sport and, dare I say it, a passion.Sendy"
,Recommended,230270,25179384,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Veedrac,"If you like platforming, buy this game. If you hate platforming, don't buy this game. That's all there is to it. It's a bloody good platformer, and nothing else."
,Recommended,230270,25204222,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ZeEmperor,"All your hopes and dreams have come true, N++ is everything you could have hoped for, and more!Pos:+Gameplay+Same style+Same feel as original N+More Enemies+More maps+Local coop+Map maker+Achievements+Ninja+Same rageCon:-No online coop-Buggy mapmaker (somewhat)-You are reading this instead of buying and playing it-Im writing this instead of playing it-I Need to eat soon..#♥♥♥♥mines"
76561198035996343,Recommended,230270,25182650,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Awein,"I played this game for over 60 hours on PS4, getting every achievement (currently the same achievements on both platforms).**Skip this first paragraph if you want to get straight to pros, cons, and opinion**N++ is a simple in concept minimalistic 2d platformer.  Guide your character, the ninja, avoiding various traps, obstactles, and fall damage in search of riches. (gold coins scattered throughout levels).  The ninja can wall jump and move in any direction.  Every level has at least one door switch that opens a door to the end of the level.  Navigate to that open door to finish a level.  There are between 2000 and 2500 total official levels in three modes called Co-op, race, and solo mode ranging from easy/tutorial scaling up to the extremely challenging.  All of these modes consist of episodes that have a pack of 5 levels together.  As time passes in a level the score counts down.  When that score hits 0 the ninja explodes and must start the level over.  The time is additive in every episode.  Collecting gold adds time.  After beating an episode, it is possible to select levels individually.  There are global leaderboards for every individual level and episode as well as friend leaderboards and replays for every best personal score.  There is an in-game editor where players can make and play community made levels.Pros:-Fantastic control of character.  Seemingly limitless possibilities with different routes and strategies.-Enough game content to play for well over 100 hours.-Game content is all extremely high quality.  This game just keeps giving unexpectedly, even more than advertised.  The developers were perfectionists with this game arguably to a fault from a game developer's perspective.  A fantastic opportunity for the consumer.  It is obviously a game made out of love over a long period of time.-Devs plan to add even more content (more levels and game modes) and always intently listen to their player base.-Soundtrack is 3+ hours of high quality music.-Players have full access to a level editor where we can make and play user levels that also have leaderboards.-Game scales in difficulty appropriately so that it is newbie friendly and then turns into an expert challenge.Cons:-No online multiplayer.  Only local multiplayer.-Currently the player can die and restart any level on episode mode without penalty so that the episode leaderboards are like playing any individual level anyway, yet they do not record on the individual level leaderboard while playing in episode mode.  This makes the individual level concept/leaderboard quite redundent.-On episode mode it is possible for a level to be impossible if the time is low enough entering the next level.  If this happens the player is forced to start the episode over and the game gives no warning when this happens.-The story of the game is fairly bland.-In the editor players can make impossible levels.Opinion:N++ is a masterpiece, brilliant platformer.  The price of the game is dirt cheap for all the content in it.  If you are at all interested in platformers this is a must buy.  The game is focused on the platforming gameplay, not on the story so that doesn't matter much.  It is an absurd amount of content as it is yet more is planned to be added.  The flaws with individual level and episodes are minuscule and you have to go out of your way to discover these minor nitpicks.  They could not afford online Co-op.  If the game sells enough they will implement it.  The impossible levels in the editor are a definite nuisance but fortunately there are ways to sort levels by best or featured so this isn't obtrusive.Bottom line:N++ is brilliant and every bit as good as advertised.  If you don't enjoy this game it is because you don't like the platforming genre.  If that is the case it is not for you and neither is any platforming game but otherwise I guarantee you will love it."
,Recommended,230270,28562292,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Storme,N++ took everything that made N+ great while adding a lot of new features to keep the game fresh.
,Recommended,230270,25991031,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,huemaster,"Two words. Absolutely phenomenal. The game has levels up the wazoo just made by the creators who are just awesome. Then you have the community made levels. Some are pixel art some just throw everything away and just go to extremes. There are over 9000 (Get it?) levels and more each hour. The leaderboards are competitive, and add more replayability and all gold badges add a challenge to the game. The game is frustrating, don't get me wrong. But the simplistic graphics, the 60 frames per second gameplay and the vivid colors, along with world class level design painstakingly handcrafted by the creators keeps me coming back. Also, the creators have been refining the idea for this game for over a decade, so this game is sure to please."
,Recommended,230270,25140673,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Progretro,The previous version of N Ninja got me through a lot of boring days in school.This new version will probably get me through a lot of hangovers in University.
,Recommended,230270,25164345,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Radical Larry,♥♥♥♥ING ROCKETS! (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
,Recommended,230270,31049223,Posted: 9 April,all,Zapatique,"I played N for dozens of hours in high school and N+ on the XBox 360 a few years ago, so getting N++ was pretty much a no-brainer. One of the few games I can currently play with my potato of a laptop. Immensely enjoyable for anyone who enjoys rage-inducing platformers. The soundtrack is a huge improvement compared to the earlier titles, the ability to choose different colour palettes (though admittedly I hardly use anything aside from the default palette) is a nice addition, and the amount of content borders on limitless.Of course, one has to know what one is getting into when getting this game. It is ruthless, and especially the latter levels could mean the demise of your controller. Getting all achievements is most likely a process most will abandon. But the game delivers exactly what it promises and then some. Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,230270,25220205,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Optikal Crow,"I hadn't heard of the N series before discovering this game (so no comparisons will be made between N++ and the originals), and I'm in love. After 100%ing Super Meat Boy, I've been itching for a pure platformer for a long time. N++ has filled that void.If you're looking for a game with:storya short experiencehigh-def, ultra realistic graphicsDLCdifficulty settingsthen N++ is not the game for you. However, if you're like me, you don't care about any of these things and just want pure platforming, this game is a must add to your collection.So far, I have no complaints with this game. The controls feel smooth and heavy, and platforming is less dependent on twitchy reflexes and more planning your jumps appropriately to conserve momentum. The levels (2500+ official levels!) are varied and well designed - from open arenas based on dodging rockets to linear pathways filled with mines, each level is designed to challenge but always fair. The game runs at a smooth 60fps, and although an option to increase the fps cap would be nice, it is perfectly playable at 60. The soundtrack is perfectly fits the minimalist style and is over six hours of music.Not to mention the user generated maps, the local co-op (or competition), and plans for online multiplayer in the future. This game is a masterpiece and I will be playing it for a very long time to come. Solid platformers are few and far between, and N++ sets a very high standard."
,Recommended,230270,27360247,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gwathdring,"I've been following N since it first came out on PC. For the most part, this is a fantastic edition of a fantastic core game.N++ is an energetic platformer that focuses on momentum above all else. Your score bleeds away every second and collecting gold increases the score. Technically if you run out of time you lose, but I have yet to encounter any levels that make that the serious threat it was in the original game.Most levels are less about whether or not you can complete the challenge (though some levels are hard enough for that to be a struggle) and more about how efficiently you can complete it. Few games have as engaging a sense of motion for me. This game captures the exhiliration of movement as well as a digital game can, and does so in two dimensions with minimalist artwork. It is an outstanding acheivement.The soundtrack is hit and miss for me, but the wide variety of artists and tracks is impressive and when it hits it *really* hits. The interface is slick, the color skins are slick, the presentation is all around top-class though it would be nice to have a few more ways to view the leaderboards more arbitrarily.And now we come to my few complaints. Perhaps I'm suffering from selective memory but I feel like I encountered a wider variety of challenges and a wider mix of enemy types across playing the original levels. User-made levels can help make up for this, and there's a tightness of composition to the levels that really shines in places ... but sometimes that same tightness makes it that much clearer how to efficiently move through the level. More levels now feel like pure rote practice as opposed to having a bit of exploration and experimentation followed by rote practice to get the method you discovered down. Perhaps I've just played too muhc N, but I can figure out most of the tricks to the new levels the second the level starts and there are fewer ""aha"" moments as I encounter the weird quirks of the level's design at exactly the wrong moment.On the one hand there are also fewer filler levels of just collecting gold pieces and going to the exit without substantive threat ... but on the other hand I've never found myself pressed for time in the later levels of an episode because I didn't do the earlier levels efficiently enough and that feels like as much a loss as a gain. Further, many levels that would otherwise occupy that filler level space in the original game merely add a rocket launcher or a chaser to make things significantly more challenging without being significantly more interesting.But those are minor issues and I can fix them by jumping back to the original whenever I feel like it or by exploring user-made levels for either edition of the game. N++ is still one of the best platforming games I've ever played and the best game I own for exploring the joy of motion from the comfort of home."
,Recommended,230270,25282166,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,⸎peth,"Wow!Every aspect of this game has been held and crafted to an unprecedented insanely high standard.The aesthetics of the color combinations are very pretty in the minimal atmosphere, the awesome UI is fun navigating through and very well designed.The soundtrack is constantly bumping, never a dull moment.I haven't even mentioned the amazingly tight-momentum-controlled gameplay or the sheer number of available levels (+2,000), the immense proportion of their elegant design, their witty/fun names and the great satisfaction from completing a tight and smartly designed episode (set of 5) levels.This game is an immediate very good game in my opinion, I highly recommend it for anyone interested in a challenging platformer that asks a bit more of you and doesn't rely on simple gimmicks to make the gameplay unique. The thoughtfulness in the level design, the difficulty and the visibly implicit effort dedicated to making a solid package that stands out is exactly what I need to see to be so happy with a platformer game.Much love and appreciation to Metanet for taking their time to refine N to the point it's at today, could not be happier for them."
,Recommended,230270,25244274,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,NuikopeaDemon,Do you like N (Flash Game)?Do you like N+ (Nintendo DS + PSP)If YES to these then its a No BrainerBUY THIS GAME!!!You will like N++
,Recommended,230270,25175413,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,McCabe,"Another great game from the N series finally brought to the PC, maintaining the beautifully simplistic art style from its predecessors N++ keeps the trend going. With 2000+ levels, a level editor and community level sharing there is no shortage of things to repeatedly kill you.Heavily relying on your characters momentum the gameplay is very fluid and with vector based graphics allowing for sub pixel precision the close calls can be incredibly close.Highly recommended to people whoenjoyedNjoyed previous N games and to people looking for a very satisfying platformer."
,Recommended,230270,29264596,Posted: 14 January,all,Fusragon,"*Launches game*Tries to 100% each level*Gets stuck on level*Checks time*Realizes that 45 minutes have passed*Realizes that I still have 2000+ levels left*Writes this stupid reviewPros+Gorgeous minimalist design+Myriad of levels (over 2000)+Incredible level design+Great controls+Amazing soundtrack+Unbelievably addictive gameplayCons-No online multiplayerWhile the lack of online mutliplayer may be a little dissapointing, this does not change my opinion on the game in any way. This is an amazing game and undoubtably one of the greatest platformers I have ever experienced.10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10"
76561198019386309,Recommended,230270,25135978,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Drumanaut,"If you have played any of the previous N games, then you already have a good idea what to expect. N++ brings back all of the good aspects of the previous games with some new elements and fun levels.If you've never played an N game before, it is a 2d platformer that focuses on momentum and using it properly to navigate the levels. The premis is simple, the interface is great, the controls work well and can be reassigned. If it follows the other games in the series, great custom levels should pop up as more people get the game."
,Recommended,230270,30127287,Posted: 23 February,all,Personman,"You have to give some of yourself to this game, but it will give you so much in return. It's as deep and as hard as you want it to be. There has never been a platformer with more rewarding physics.Please forgive its sometimes-clunky menus.A couple things to be aware of:- The userlevel community is great! It's easy to just totally not notice behind the innocuous-looking ""Browse"" menu item, but making levels, playing new levels as they come in, and competing on the weekly featured levels are where I spend easily half my time with the game. Don't miss it!- If you care about high scores, which is a great thing to do, make sure you turn on the ""submit level scores"" option so you don't lose your level runs when you do full episodes. It's kind of a historical accident that it defaults to off. Hopefully this will be fixed in the next update.- Race mode and Coop are *really good*. There's no online multiplayer, so you'll have to find someone to play with, but they are good enough that some hardcore players have literally flown internationally to play with each other :D- Come hang out with us in the public discord! There's a level of the day for high scoring, userlevel contests, frequent streams by high level players, and general discussion and friendliness."
,Recommended,230270,32930124,Posted: 28 June,all,oniion,"The king of platformers.Stylish, skill-based and has precise controls."
76561198015447070,Recommended,230270,26349219,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Muzgrob,There's always another secret.This game has so much content and so much replayability it's incredible. The devs did an amazing job with this game. Everyone do yourselves a favour and pick up this masterpiece. Whether you were a fan of the original or just enjoy platform games you'll love it.
,Recommended,230270,26490986,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ionoux,"Easily an A++ rating from me.This is the ultimate version of the flash game that elevated the ""Satisfyingly Difficult"" platformer genre (think Super Meat Boy). The game controls perfectly, and every death feels justified and fair. The level design of all the 2000++ official levels is pixel (vector?) perfect, and if you somehow manage to finish them all AND all optional challenges for each there's a level editor and level browser so you never have to stop playing. Finally, the visual style is simple and slick and doesn't get boring thanks to a ton of unlockable palettes.++ If you're one of those challenge junkies that loves to overcome extremely hard obstacles (like Veni Vidi Vici from VVVVVV), this game is probably your wet dream.++ Do you think you're the best and want the world to know? Global leader boards for every single level! (including user submitted!)++ If you like casual platforming, don't worry, there's still plenty for you to do here, not every single level is super difficult. The learning curve is actually really good, where you can replay earlier levels and feel how you've gained more skill.So collect some gold and buy this game. Oh, and watch out for the evil ninja behind y-"
,Recommended,230270,28730992,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sean Spicer,"Addictive, fun, runs incredibly smoothly. All they need is online multiplayer and this game will be INCREDIBLE."
,Recommended,230270,25258095,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,scoRp//,Only one more level...Oh it's 4 AM
,Recommended,230270,25139113,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,squashysquish,"*I've completed the campaign on the original PS4 release, so add about 40 hours to the play time of this review if it's relevant to you.*Since its origins as a shareware flash game, the N series has consistently impressed me with its minimalistic design which conceals finely tuned, complex mechanics. N++, the third and purportedly final entry, takes all of the strengths of the previous entries and distills them into the definitive experience.If you've ever enjoyed an N game or some of thier descendants (Super Meat Boy, Dustforce,) then your money and time will be well-spent here. If dubious, just download the free original and get a feel for the basics, knowing that in ++ the developers have strengthened and refined that design.Though it offers a breadth of content (over 2000 levels, user created content, cooperative and competetive local-mulitplayer,) N+++ sacrifices no attention to detail. The spartan, vector-based aesthetic exemplifies and serves the minimalist design well, always putting concise, clear communication above extravagance without coming at the cost of sleek style.N++'s physics-based controls (which are at times more like piloting a graceful glider than running and jumping) may not come as intuitively as a Super Mario or Rayman Legends, but once you grow accustomed to them, you'll likely find they reward practice and patience more than any competitor.And that's NumberWang."
,Recommended,230270,26280557,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,sgt zookles,"N++ is - at its core - a completely fundamentalist platformer. You can kiss your sorry concepts of fully voiced characters, combat and plot goodbye, squire. There's just you, a whole bunch of obstacles, and the end of the level.The highly momentum-based platforming in the N series was perfected back in the original 2004 flash game and nothing has changed since. This may sound like a bad idea in today's age of gaming innovation (where sequels have your standard new ideas and updated mechanics) but it completely works out in N++'s favour. Why fix what isn't broken?Although seeming sluggish and clunky to a newcomer, with each clutch victory and hazardous jump you can really feel your mastery over the game increase. And with 2,360 total levels to get through, you'll have plenty of time to practise."
,Recommended,230270,28171450,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AzulianBlue,I loved the original: NI loved the sequel: N+This did not fail to impress me.• It is hard.• You will find yourself dying a lot.• You will obsess over getting every last piece of gold.• You will die even more trying to go for 100% completion• There are loads of secrets.I only played for 5 hours and it is already worth my money.10/10
,Recommended,230270,33354452,Posted: 7 July,all,Frobi Wan,"There are 125 introductory levels, 500 N++ levels, 500 more levels for ultimate edition, 500 levels from the original N and N+, those levels in hardcore mode, 800 co-op levels, and 1025 race levels. All expertly hand-crafted with the length and height of every jump in mind. Not to mention, a level editor with Steam Workshop support which allows seemingly infinite user-created levels.And as for the actual platforming gameplay, it's spot on, every death is your fault and your fault alone, the game never screws you over, well, it kind of does, but in a way you can learn from, you never feel cheated. The soundtrack is stellar as well. The race and co-op mode is an absolute blast. (especially the race mode) I really love this game and you should buy it right now."
,Recommended,230270,29539915,Posted: 28 January,all,Twister™,Ragequit simulator 10/10
,Recommended,230270,30150230,Posted: 24 February,all,DREADward The Hazardous,"I remember wasting countless hours on the original N instead of studying. And now that I've brought this thing here, I'll become the worst student in class effective immediately."
,Recommended,230270,25156760,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Carlz0r,"N is a platforming game of sorts, where inertia and momentum are often a key factor in completing a level.  You kind of just have to try it to fully understand.  Thankfully, the original free flash game is still available to play online after all these years.  Run a google search for ""N flash game"" and N 2.0 should be the first result.N++ is a version for people who want more.  More levels, more obstacles and ""enemies"", more modes including co-op and racing (but not online, which has upset some people)..  If you like a game that is challenging but fair, you'll probably enjoy it.  The controls are tight, and the physics of the movement of the character is a fun aspect of the game to get a 'feel' for.  You will actually feel yourself getting better at the game the more you play.Keyboard controls have always worked fine for the original N, but of course this version supports controller, and I have grown quite fond of playing this way already.All in all, this is a fine quality PC game.  It doesn't feel like a rough port of another version or anything.. it runs well, handles well, it's a significant upgrade content-wise and visually from the oldschool N, and I think it's worth the money, so I give it my recommendation."
76561197976622640,Recommended,230270,25461064,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Zhaine,"N is back, as good as it always was."
,Recommended,230270,28419544,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Durdge-o,"I downloaded the game after buying it hoping it would be something great. It crashes after 30 minutes of gameplay which than leads to my computer refusing to boot the game. I walk away from it for awhile and then i come back and try to play it and the game kills me just if i turn around too quickly. The game frequently crashes anyway.Lovely game, just didn't work for me.Play it if you have the chance and if it works.Wonderful game."
,Recommended,230270,25203358,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,shifttymike,"This is my first, and may be my only game review.I started playing N 1.4 in 2005, and made a point of getting all of my friends to play it too. In an era of flash games, it was simply the best thing ever. Many hours of valuable class time was devoted to playing through the game.N+ was released and I did my level best to get the game running on a PSP emulator, to no avail. So I watched playthoughs and read reviews and lived vicariously through others.Finally, 11 years later, N++ comes to PC. I'm happy to say that everything I love about the original is still there. The game has kept the charm and feel of N 1.4 and is such a pleasure to play.I am happy that the system requirements are modest (although it won't run on Intel HD3000 which is a bit sad)I am happy that there are new enemies, but the old ones are still there.I love the soundtrack.This game is a gem. If you like platformers at all, then you'll want this one."
,Recommended,230270,25969074,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wolficus,"I know N since about 10 years ago. I knew that N++ was released on PS4 and Xbox One, but when I realised it was on Steam, I instantly bought it, and I'm not dissapointed"
,Recommended,230270,31279190,Posted: 21 April,all,whisper,This is arguably the best 2d platformer ever made and probably has about as much content as all the other ones put together. There is literally no reason not to buy it.
,Recommended,230270,32110707,Posted: 1 June,all,Guthrie,A fantastic remastering of N. Adds new mechanics (and local multiplayer!) while staying true to the original gameplay. The controls and handling are great. Kudos to the devs for continuing this game over a decade later.
,Recommended,230270,25140944,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Copycat,"The first N game (2004) was perfect, yet somehow 12 years later they continue to improve it.N++, the way of the ninja, is the ultimate die and retry plateformer, with minimalist graphisms that enhance the experience.Well designed levels, lots and lots of user generated levels, endless hours of death and agony, only to leave you with the great satisfaction of constantly surpassing yourself again and again."
,Recommended,230270,25198121,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TG,"N++ is amazing. It feels just like the N I fell in love with did, and it sports one of the chillest drum'n'bass soundtracks I've heard in a while.(b`-`)b"
,Recommended,230270,25156559,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ariamaki,"One of history's all-time greats, finally back onto the PC in its definitive form. I rate it BUY out of YES. Read below for more.I've been playing N in some form or another since 2005, starting in high school. After getting many of my friends hooked on it, we played it on and off in some form for years, throughout college and the rest of our lives. Then, a blank period, the Sony Years as N++ began to be made and then spent a year in PS4 exclusivity. Thankfully, we are past that dark time: N++ has come to its true home in all of its fatal gold-fueled metabolic glory.Do you like Super Meat Boy? N is the source for most of what made Meat Boy interesting, thematically and mechanically.Do you hate Super Meat Boy? N is far more easily controlled, designed with a keyboard in mind, and has significantly shorter and more feature-dense levels without all of the bugs and clipping issues of SMB.Do you like ninjas? You are one, seeking gold to fuel your comically short lifespan as you clear room after room of skill-testing trials.Do you hate ninjas? You're a bundle of abstract lines in a gorgeously minimalistic world, backed with fantastic music and displayed in any number of slick palettes.Do you like accessability? Cool: N++ has the menu options you desire, from rebinding to colorblind options, palette swaps of all shapes and sizes, secret options, and Numberwang. Oh, and the game is played with a whopping 3 buttons (4 if you enjoy resetting)N++ is the latest and greatest evolution of one of the best platformers ever put to the digital screen. Hands down, I recommend it with 0 reservations or qualifications. Now excuse me: I need to go get my new friends from a decade down the line hooked on N++, to complete the cycle."
,Recommended,230270,33044974,Posted: 30 June,all,angrymetaldude,"I played the original N on pc, N+ on XBLA, and now N++ on pc again. They're all great games. Tight platforming, this is up there with Super Meatboy."
,Recommended,230270,28959789,Posted: 2 January,all,この箱はすごい,An excellent entry to the N series. There's an enormous amount of quality content and the graphics are beautiful.
,Recommended,230270,25153399,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Rizzle,"N: Definitive Edition. If you've never paid for this 12 year old flash classic, now is the time. Lethal platforming across thousands of levels with tight controls, all to an A+ soundtrack. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoyed Super Meat Boy."
,Recommended,230270,25262927,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pineapples,"Absolute platforming perfection with a clean presentation, solid mechanics, and a great soundtrack."
76561198002500676,Recommended,230270,25249223,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MHGenesis,"Try the free N first, if you like it even a bit, buy this.This version is infinitely better and got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of content.Not to forget the level editor and community levels.There is no online multiplayer though, but if the demand is there, the developers will try to put it in as well."
76561198071912229,Recommended,230270,25632894,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ArgusKnight,"Boy, is this game hard.  Not like your typical type hard, it's diabolical.  It starts you off easy and then immediately goes straight into the♥♥♥♥♥plunging.  You think you're good?  Think again.  This game redefines what it means to be a good video game player.  Take your sissy pants off, get on your hazmat gear, and get to grinding.  I've screamed in angry delight many times and have easily clocked 6000+ deaths, and yet, I'm still playing.  Am I ret@ard?  Probably.  Am I sane?  Not likely.  But I can assure you that any person with a mental illness will heavily enjoy this game.  If you have OCD, then you'll probably rip your hair out after the 30th hour of gameplay, but who needs hair anyways, it's overrated.The long of the short, get this game if you like insanely difficult, yet satisfying 2d platforming action.  Yes, you will collect plenty of gold, none of which you can keep in the real life.  And yes, you will die, countless times.  Your ego will be bruised, tattered, and perhaps obliterated as a result of this game.  You think waiting behind a standstill in rush-hour is frustrating, try getting all of the gold in a difficult level and dying seconds before the exit.  It'll bring your pi$$ INSTANTLY to a boil.  But yet....again, I keep{LINK REMOVED}playing.....why?!?Why God?  Why must I be punished in such a sickly enjoyable way.Ramblings aside, get this game.  Don't be a loser.  Stop standing on the sidelines hoping that you'll one day grow the balls to handle this ride, because it just ain't going to happen.  Pull out your wallet, get your $hit together, and shoot for the stars.  And if you don't reach them, at least you'll hit a strategically placed mine or rocket along the way.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
76561198018692526,Recommended,230270,31602163,Posted: 7 May,all,Dello **Insane**,"This is an augmented version of the freewareN(out there since 2004). Basically, an awesome game.You control a ninja (!!!), who has to run through anepisode(a set of 5 levels). Each level is a chamber full of dangers / enemies, but the worst part is that you have alifetime(a timer set to 90 seconds). The risks are weighted by the presence ofgold, and for each piece you grab your lifetime will increase by 2 seconds. Run, do acrobatics, dodge dangers, get gold (everyone loves gold, isnt it), find the exit, move to the next level. Your final score is your lifetime, and during an episode, the following level starts with the lifetime set to the score of your previous success (otherwise 90 secs, as mentioned before).The graphic style is very minimal, but it just works fine. You will never have the feeling of playing a raw, bad-made game. Never.The amount of episodes (remember, one episode is a set of 5 levels) is 225 (tremendous) and, if you still want some, there's aneditorand a database containing all community-made levels. Huge value.It's achallenging game; sometimes you will get mad. But all things considered, this is a platform, which has to be challenging by definition.And now, the greatest question: Why pay for this game if it's only an augmented version of a freeware?N++ hasenhanced graphics(color palettes that will make you crazy)and sound effects, asoundtrack(a mix of cool electronic tracks that will make the game even more enjoyable) and more episodes than the free version. There is also a bunch ofnew game-modes(multiplayer, race, hardcore mode). That's it.Developers say this is the greatest platform of this time. They just might be right about it. Go for this game hands down, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,230270,25241121,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Biserino,"Just how I spend more than 1000 hours on the classical N and N+, Then came the N++Seriosly doe, get ready to ragequit and break stuffPros:-Mesmering Colours-Chill Music-Fun and repeatable levels-New enemies-Easier controls-Map maker-Player created maps-Even more mapsCons:-Level editor is buggy a bit: trapdoors, normal doors and locked doors can't be placed horizontaly-Mouse is optional, yet not required. You can't place entities with another button exept LMB-I really did expect an online-multiplayer, co-op is still funFun:-Spent 2 hours on some of the D and E levels because they are too hard, yet still fun-Back in the old N, I used to beat my keyboard alot when I fail miserably, N++ is different, the ambient music and colours seem to calm down some peopleQuestions:-Are you going to add an option to change Level-editor controls too?-Did you mention something about some DLC's?-Is N++ playable trough a LAN cable?That's all from me folks, I rate this game 11/10,Keep it up"
,Recommended,230270,25258281,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SubrosianChainsawMassacre_|BC|,"I had dabbled in the original N back in the early 2000s when some person had uploaded it to AddictingGames, and I had a good time with it, though my 8 year old mind couldn't figure out how to beat a good chunk of the game. Years later, I think around 2010, I had pretty much forgotten about it. However, while browsing my local GameStop, I noticed a small DS game called N+. I immediately remembered my time playing the original flash game, and picked that box up to bring to the counter immediately. It was full of great danger, a tough challenge, and even had the original flash graphics as an option (or at least a replica that the DS could actually pull off). I spent hours on that game, and it's still one of my favorite DS games, and what I considered the gold standard of pure platformers.Now we have another N game, which I immediately jumped on the opportunity to buy the second I found out about it (by selling a bunch of TF2 and Dota stuff that I don't use). I'll be comparing this to N+ DS a lot since that's the one I have the most experience with, so when I mention N+, it'll be referencing the DS version and not the PSP or 360.I am definitely enjoying this game so far, and for the sake of information, I'll repeat the same♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone else has said. The controls are dead on, I use an Xbox 360 controller to play and it reads all my button inputs perfectly. It's a bit annoying that I can only navigate menus with the D-Pad since gameplay and the level editor allow/require the joystick(s) respectively.The music is nice, though I found myself having to mute it after a while due to the style while wearing headphones. It's not the music's fault, I just get a headache if I listen to that kind of pumping EDM stuff for too long, so I play with headphones off. It would be awesome if I could add in music from my own library or if the music from all the versions of N+ (but mainly the DS version ^_^) were in the game as unlockables, or even DLC if need be (I'd pay for the DS music in a heartbeat).The legacy episodes are nice too. I noticed a few levels from N+ on the in some of the episodes I haven't unlocked yet, though with the physics being closer to the original N than N+.Now for my gripes:- No Tag or Domination multiplayer modes for us DS ninjas. I loved Domination in N+ and I'd love to see it return so I could do that without needing someone else to have their own game card. I have no real problem with no online multiplayer since I don't care much for online in a game like this. If it gets added in at some point, that's all well and good, but I just want my Domination mode back. :'(- The initially ran slower on my computer than it should, but I was able to fix it. Apparently turning off V-Sync fixes the problem, though it didn't initially work for me. I ended up fumbling with the window size a bit, and when I re-fullscreened it,BAM!Glorious full speed.- This is pretty minor, but the level editor has a lot fewer possible blocks than the DS version. Seriously, the kinds of shapes you can create in N+ DS is crazy. I actually tried to re-create one of my old custom levels and I had to make a lot of changes because the shapes I used don't exist in this version.- To my knowledge, you can't set the graphics to the original flash graphics, I just don't see the same charm in these new graphics that I do in the simple flash graphics. I had similar feeling towards the Plus graphics in the DS version, but I could swap to the original graphics in that. Some of color schemes are also a bit too colorful for my tastes, but there are enough of them to mitigate that issue.Other than those, this game turned out pretty good. I'll probably update this review later and give a much more informed opinion after I've cleared at least half the episodes. I still like N+ more, but once I've spent more time on this game, that opinion has a chance to change.EDIT: Still like the DS version more, but this is still damn good."
,Recommended,230270,34025209,Posted: 4 August,all,badhero4,Why did I pay 15 bucks just so I could violently rage quit every 5 or so levels? I don't know because its fun.
76561198047177636,Recommended,230270,25160340,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,xela,"This is the best platformer ever. If you like a real challenge, get it!"
,Recommended,230270,25137743,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,P-Town | icarus,"(I've completed the game on PS4, in case you're wondering about little playing time.)This is the most challenging game I have ever played. It is tough, it makes me scream and cry, it feels impossibly hard at times. But it has earned being like that. It's never truly frustrating. The ridiculous perfectness of the graphics, the soundtrack, the level design, and most importantly the controls is something no other game will ever be able to emulate. So when I fail a level for the 983rd time, I might be done for the day, but I'm not done for good. Because it still feels like a worthwhile challenge, and not something that is just hard for the sake of being hard, which usually just means ""unfair"" these days. Twitchy controls, stupid level-design, these are things that make me stop playing games, because then it's just insulting to me. N++ makes a fool of me, but it does it in the most eloquent and respectful way and all I can and want to do is return the favor and push myself further when starting the 984th attempt."
,Recommended,230270,31812468,Posted: 17 May,all,Minty,"Best platformer of all time, and so many levels, I probably won't ever beat it..."
,Recommended,230270,26105389,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Melody™,"A worthy successor to one of my favorite games, N. I started with N 1.4, and was disappointed with N+ for two reasons. One it wasn't one PC, and two, the falling mechanic. It seemed like the falling speed was delayed in N+, and while it may just be my preference, I wasn't a fan. N 2.0 came out, and I thought it was a pretty good update to N 1.4, but it was still quite obviously the same game. Now with N++ there is actually a new version of N, which doesn't just feel like an udpdate, and has falling mechanics similar to the N.With N++, there are new mechanics, new traps, new enemies, and a whole bunch of new levels. Many classic levels make appearances as well. I haven't unlocked many of the levels yet, so I'm hoping for a return of Mother Thwumping Impossible, it wasn't in N 2.0, and I found that to be a disappointment. It's seems like a whole lot of fun. My only real complain so far, is that you can't change your ninja's colors. You can however change the theme of the game, giving everything new colors, but the color of your ninja is dependent on the theme. It's a good change to be able to change the theme, but I really would love a purple ninja on the classic color scheme, but maybe that's just nostalgia talking. If you were a fan of the first, or you just like 2D platformers, I recommend trying this out."
,Recommended,230270,28750121,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phyxture,"Frankly, this game is fantastic. It's punishing nature and ludicrious difficulty may not appeal to everybody, but for what it is I would go as far as to say that it's been perfectly executed. The refined, yet simple, gameplay—combined with the minimalist visuals, incredibly intuitive level design, and all-around devotion from the developers—leaves us with a timeless game that, should you choose to take on its challenge, will never grow old."
,Recommended,230270,33118870,Posted: 2 July,all,NoodleIncident,"Now that I have N++, I find myself wondering if I ever got tired of the playing the original in the first place, or if the flash FPS and stutters just gradually drove me away.60fps, not 30 or 40 or whatever it wasEnemies look at you every frame (it seems), not every couple of frames randomlyThe colors and music and level design are all awesome too. If you liked the original even a little just buy this"
76561198353499330,Recommended,230270,34720870,Posted: 3 September,all,Johnny,"Great game. You may buy it, look at the level list and think ""There's not 2000 levels in this"" WELL YOU'RE WRONG. Been playing for at least 3 weeks now and haven't even completed 2 rows. That's probably just me being crap at video games, but I'm just saying; ALOT of content. It even includes the levels from N! (Luckily not N+ because that game was HORRIBLE.) The graphics are good, there's multiplayer, level creation and sharing, so really, my overall score for this game is 10/10. Just.... Amazing overall. And you should buy it, even if you don't enjoy platformers, because it's amazing. Son Goku, OUT!"
,Recommended,230270,25574217,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Loyen,"Got an email announcing that my favourite flash game got a second sequel which would be available on PC (and soon Linux) so I tried to wait for the Linux release, but instead booted up my Windows 10 partition to play it.If you love the classic n-game flash version, this is a no-brainer. They have basically taken it and enhanced with music and better visuals (you no longer unlock just a new ninja color, you unlock a full new theme for the game which actually is quite amazing). New enemies, new items, yet still only 3 buttons for gameplay (jump, left, right, a few more if you include retry, menu, theme menu) makes this game beautiful simple. New modes has also been added (coop and race) which adds more to the fun."
,Recommended,230270,31473274,Posted: 30 April,all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,"I might suggest that some people get this game only while it's on sale. However, I do believe it is worth the price in spite of only having played the solo gamemode in my nine hours so far.This game is nothing graphically, but the level design and music are where it shines. The level design is perfect at inducing a sense of flow along with the music. Without having to collect the gold pieces or to beat levels quickly or to beat levels in a gauntlet without dying, it's an easy game for people who want to play it casually. Collecting the gold often forces a player to carefully balance their movement with two or more mechanics at once, and it's implemented brilliantly. For example, many levels require you to carefully balance on blocks that move with your weight as a laser homes in on you. Each level has a sense of motif, and challenge feels well-rewarded. Plenty of times a challenge ahead of me seemed tough, but not impossible, and the game has lulled me into spending 30+ minutes on specific levels to prove myself.Pros:-Great accessibility for challenge-seekers and people who want to instantly delve into gameplay-Also a great game for casuals-Music-Designed with flow in mind-Level names are funny-Instantly launches the player back into the action after he diesCons:-Few types of obstacles exist in the game, and though all of them are used amazingly and in different ways throughout the game, there could be some more.-LET ME GET THAT LAST GOLD PIECE. D:<"
,Recommended,230270,25191987,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Huntlol,"This game is GREAT! Im new to the series so I wasn't expecting anything amazing but boy I was suprised. The graphics are minimalistic but it still looks pretty good. The controls feel smooth and the momentum system is quite interesting and it makes it so there is a high ceiling. There are multiple ways to complete most levels.One thing I am slightly disappointed about is that there is no online and that the game is locked to 60FPS, but other than that this game is perfect and fun. One small feature that could be added is customisable colour schemes but it isn't that big of a deal.There is a reason there are so few negative reviews, you have to be reallllllly nitpicking to find something wrong with this game.Just buy it already :)"
,Recommended,230270,25307956,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Zero,"Not sure if you'll like N++?  Go play the original N, a flash game available for free:http://www.thewayoftheninja.org/n.htmlN++ is more of the same, but it's so much better.  The colors add a lot to the game, and the new levels and enemies are super cool.  The game handles a bit smoother too compared to N.  Also the music is *phenomenal*."
,Recommended,230270,25136576,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LeGenD`RaGe,"10/10, perfection."
,Recommended,230270,25138697,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Xorcon,"Very great game that I've been waiting on for quite some time. As a fan of the original N, having this version on the PC is like a homecoming of sorts. This is truly the perfection of platforming and of movement. Might as well write some pros and cons for anyone who wants to read them.Pros:Great SoundtrackMany different color schemesGenuinely challenging levels (generally not due to ""troll design"" or controls being difficult)Intuitive controlsSublime level designLocal Multiplayer can be extremely funHundreds of hours of contentMinimalist aesthetic makes it easy to understand what's going on, even when many things can be happening.It ""feels"" great: the momentum, the movement, the platforming, the design all come together for one cohesive, fun experience.Neutrals:Can take a bit of getting used to the momentum and basic mechanics (a bit different from most platformers) if you haven't played N (which is free on the web), but N++ has a series of tutorial levels that help you grasp the core mechanics and features of the game much better than N did. Pro-tip: read the level titles!Cons:More people don't already own this game.Overall: I thoroughly enjoy this game and would highly recommend anyone even remotely interested in this game, or any fans of platformers in general, to pick this gem up (it's only $12 until the 1st!)."
,Recommended,230270,25259642,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,nigga wit a rocket launcha,"I've played around 100 hours of N+ on the XBLA and I'm almost done with all 3 series of this game, in a little under an hour. However, the gameplay is probably around 5-6 hours if you've never played an N game before.Most of these negative reviews are from stuff that the N series has always been about... ""If you just have patience most levels are easy"" - That's a main point of the game.At the end of the day, it's a god-tier platformer that is as pure and exciting as it gets."
,Recommended,230270,25193542,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,✪ FredoMaster,There is a *You suck* button instead of *Retry*
,Recommended,230270,25175078,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[BONR] Coffee Mug,"True to the series, great UI, great controls, very frustrating."
76561197977572414,Recommended,230270,25136180,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Lizzard,Love it!!
76561198337634916,Recommended,230270,31314183,Posted: 23 April,all,cynicalis,"Purchased a couple years back.Heres my in depth breakdown;-It's hard.-It's hard.-It's hard.-It's hard.-It's hard.-It's hard.-It will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.-Oh, and did I mention it's ridiculously hard?Just updated it to the new version released a couple days ago (the so called '2.0' update) that added a load of new levels and other good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Jesus Christ the Devs have put a LOT of work into this game. A game that you REALLY need to get; I'd definitely describe it as a must have for any library. Don't buy if you get frustrated easily though. It will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. It's ridiculously hard."
,Recommended,230270,25210223,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BraveDude8,"You've probably played N as a .swf file when you were meant to be doing schoolwork. It's better now, go buy it."
,Recommended,230270,25481362,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Coveinight,GREAT GAMECAPTURES THE ORGINAL HARDNESS OF THE FIRST AND SECOUND GAME
,Recommended,230270,32398176,Posted: 13 June,all,3pec,"I remember N from my childhood, so I had to get this gameIt was pretty fun too, theres alot more content, and it kinda takes me backI don't really play a lot of platformers, so I don't have anything to compare this game to, but if you remember playingN the way of the ninjaon those old flash game sites, this game will be pretty familiar to you."
,Recommended,230270,33154509,Posted: 2 July,all,A Fluffy Wizard,"My all time favorite flash and DS game gets a sequel! If you love platformers, you'll love this game. While most others have snappy controls, N++ is quite the opposite. The controls intentionally feel sluggish because this game is all about controlling your momentum. You can't stop on a dime and flip right back around. You have to redirect your momentum to change direction. It's difficult to master at first, once you get the hang of it it is immensely satisfying. Definitely check this game out!"
,Recommended,230270,33587045,Posted: 16 July,all,<Kl0n[d1k]E> ߷,"Revamped design, impressive soundtrack, what's not to like? Almost nothing looks the same as it used to, and the game is better off for it. If you're a fan of the originals, or generally into challenging 2D platformers, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,230270,29474349,Posted: 24 January,all,Microsoft Excel,"N+, the Xbox version, anyways, was a fantastic game, especially on Co-Op. This game doesn't disappoint. I could write an essay on each level individually, but I'll sum it up here: The game is entirely fair and dying is always your fault. The level design always lets you know what you're in for, along with teaching you something new each level.The only thing it is missing is online multiplayer, as PC's aren't really suited for couch Co-Op.9.5/10"
,Recommended,230270,31320566,Posted: 23 April,all,ᵛᶫᶺ,One of the greatest platformers of all time.
,Recommended,230270,25279550,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,<  ( • )  >,love this game; lots of opportunity to learn new things and get better and solve problems in creative and challenging ways
,Recommended,230270,25314909,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ham sandwich,"Beautifully pure gaming. Clearly made by people with great taste, working hard and paying great attention to detail."
,Recommended,230270,27350653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CreonLY,"Outstanding independent game.Compared to its flash version, ur Ninja now moves even more fluently, and the new traps are fatal.+Amazing gravity mechanism+Smooth motion+Simple art style+Editale levels-Not a game for tiros-Coin collection can drive you mad-No workshop support-Just remove the rockets plz :("
,Recommended,230270,32997224,Posted: 29 June,all,Safaroni,This game is so difficult that it's actually disgusting. That's why I love it. EDIT: This review is b a d.
,Recommended,230270,25190551,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,huluvu,Best platformer since N+
76561197999024808,Recommended,230270,34118879,Posted: 8 August,all,MrTossFace,Add online coop.Great game.
76561198035810948,Recommended,230270,25138105,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Spoon in a box.,BR0K3 MY 0 AND 3 K3Y CAUS3 I THR3W MY K3Y B0ARD THATS MY R3VI3W F0R THIS GAM3. Y0U WILL BR3AK STUFF.
,Recommended,230270,25137027,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MooX,"The greatest platformer is back, polished and with huge content, it's fun and addictive. Don't be afraid by its graphics, just play it, you'll never stop."
76561198012143211,Recommended,230270,25370780,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,THICC,"1 less dimension than No Man's Sky, but 100 times more content."
,Recommended,230270,25153020,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Izzy,Best platformer ever. Plus plus.
76561198308921534,Recommended,230270,25190215,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gamma,"Pros:Fast-pacedChallengingGreat soundtrackDifferent color schemesEasy to pick upAn insane amount of levels, plus a level editor that allows global publishingSolo or multiplayer (the co-op levels are especially challenging)NumberwangCons:Color schemes are not customizableDoors cannot be placed horizontally in the level editorThe graphics options seem not to work and sometimes crash the game (but that might be an issue with my computer)You cannot name custom levels with an ""x"" or a ""z"" unless you do so from the main menu screenThe reset controls button seems brokenVerdict:In my opinion, the pros definitively outweight the cons, so I recommend the game. Moreover, several of the cons seem like minor bugs which could probably be fixed soon.If you want to trial N++ without buying it, I suggest playingthe original game. If you like it, this game is better and would be worth the price."
,Recommended,230270,25174484,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Meta³,The original 2D Sadistic Ninja Freerunning Platformer is back and badder than ever. The game hates you. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. This game actively hates you for playing it. It loves your pain. It flourishes on it. Respect the game and it will... actually no it won't pay you back for it. It'll kill you anyways.Play the original versionBuy the new versionPlay the new versionFear the new version
,Recommended,230270,25136696,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,analytik,"I've been playing this game for 15 years and it's still fun. I kinda miss the old levels, but then again, it looks swell in 4k and I like the new features.I'll report back when I start punching walls and smashing keyboards."
,Recommended,230270,25141430,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Chewyy,"N++ is a plattformer that puts a big focus on movement and keeping your momentum. The movement mechanics of the game can take some time to get used to but once you learn them the game flows extremly well.The game also offers a TON of levels of every difficulty and leaderboards for everything.What really stood out to me was the absolutely AMAZING soundtrack, consisting of minimal electro music, which fits the game and its flow perfectly.Highly recommend this if you enjoy plattformers or movement focused games."
,Recommended,230270,29021708,Posted: 4 January,all,=CID=Gribbiy,"Oh gosh, the nostalgia. If you enjoyed the old school N, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,230270,25383376,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Nuparu,The Nostalgia Returns...
,Recommended,230270,25219909,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kernalphage,"Solid platformer, most levels are technically challenging without (mario maker-esque) unfairness.Co-op is... interesting.Only two items on my wishlist for this game would be:A) What percentage you are globally instead of just ""rank X""B) Cloud saveOther than that it's a game you can really sink your teeth into"
76561198029247262,Recommended,230270,25303644,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr. Bradley Mr. Martin,"Quite likely the very best platformer ever made: it features some of the most beautiful minimalist aesthetics I have ever seen, an absolutely sick soundtrack, but most importantly it has the tightest, most enjoyable gameplay of any platformer. Highly recommended."
76561198082585516,Recommended,230270,27837138,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Korma Man,"If you in any way enjoy tough platformers, or consider yourself a fan of indie titles such as Super Meat Boy, this is a must-buy.There are few games which have this much content on Steam. You probably read the description or watched the trailer and thought that there can't possibly be this many levels in the game. Well, there is, and not to spoil anything, but the 2360 levels are actually just scratching at the surface of the mass of secrets and challenges that are in this game. You will eventually come to realise (if you are patient enough), the layers of complexity that go into every one of those levels. Good luck getting 100%.As for the co-op levels, they're great, and up to the standard of the solo levels. But there is one glaring problem that stops almost everyone from getting to enjoy a significant portion of the content in N++. I for one don't know anyone in real life that is actually interested in playing this game, so the lack of an online multiplayer is seriously damaging to this game. It seems like a massive waste of time for the devs ; to create all these levels for multiplayer, but fail to add the one thing that is essential for most people.Still, this game provided me a good 70 hours of enjoyment and I am only at 42% completion. Worth a buy at full price, and it's a bargain on sale."
,Recommended,230270,26862268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mole,"[Introduction - skip straight to pros & cons for my opinions]N++ is the long-awaited final sequel to N, the classic momentum-based Flash platformer released in 2004. You move around in a 2D plane, as you might expect from a platfomer, but perhaps more unusually every level is contained within a single screen and as such no side-scrolling is present. Every level is a static piece of art save for some rather deadly enemies which move according to simple and predictable yet are often used in deviously challenging ways.You control a stickfigure ninja with a wealth of different moves despite only having three buttons of control - left, right and jump. This is because he interacts with the environment in a physically simulated way and the same inputs will cause different effects depending on whether you're touching a floor, a slope, a wall or nothing at all. Mastering these interactions and the changes in the player's momentum that follow is key to surviving the increasingly difficult challenges the game throws at you.And oh boy are there many challenges. The game sports more than 2000 levels, many of which have additional challenges that will take even the most experienced veteran of the game hours to beat. If you ever run out of official content to play (unlikely) there are also highscore leaderboards to compete on and a great level editor with online level sharing.Pros:+the most satisfying movement mechanics in all of gaming+massive amount of content+no skill ceiling+welcoming community+beautiful visuals with lots of color optionsCons:-locked to 60fps-updates have been slow so far (as of November 2016)-I'm not a fan of the soundtrackConclusion: This is my favorite video game of all time. If you're into platformers you owe it to yourself to try it."
,Recommended,230270,27911170,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LordSnail,"The original N was part of my childhood simply because my computer couldn't really run any other games. Being so young and naive I went throught levels without being aware that it was hard, I simply thought that I was really bad at it.Now they have finalized this massive project into this masterpiece after some detours on consoles and handhelds. This version includes all levels from the 3 versions of the game (original, console, this one) plus the infinity of levels created by the communauty.It does have its flaws and it ""sometimes"" gets frustrating but that's all part of it because even when you fail, the death, ragdoll and explosions are absolutely worth it.If you are searching for the ultimate plaformer game, look no further, pick N++, you won't regret it."
76561197983439201,Recommended,230270,28846778,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Glimp's PUBg,N was one of my loved childhood games.N++ is a blast as well.editThe game is worth full price just for the music.just saying.
,Recommended,230270,29019317,Posted: 4 January,all,Doctor_Mustachio,"great platformer, i love playing it. those who rage very easily will die within 10 hours of playing."
,Recommended,230270,29251174,Posted: 14 January,all,JockTankCmdr,"Had the original on my Xbox and enjoyed it, same here as well enjoyable game but price a little steep.Defo worth it if you pick up on a sale. If you enjoyed xbox version you will enjoy this 2"
,Recommended,230270,32486163,Posted: 16 June,all,butt junk,"Somehow the developers managed to perfectly balance frustration with addiction. The vast amount of developer-made levels plus user-created levels gives you enough playtime to last forever. Strangely enough, for a game with such minimalistic graphics, it still lags quite a bit.The price tag might be a bit off-putting, but believe me, you WILL get your money's worth."
,Recommended,230270,25141744,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[INF]UNREAL,"I didn't know this was in development. I unsed to play the flash game in high school and the standalone application on my PC when it was released. I just found out this came out today and for the amount of fun I had with the original, I thought it was worth at least $10 to pick this version up. Needless to say, the fun is still here. The game is an expanded and mastered version from the original with many new features and thousands of levels. The gameplay in this one flows seamlessly just as its predecessor. Movement is very fluid and fun. You have superhuman agility like a ninja. The puzzles start off simple and before you know it you're just solving puzzles and grabbing gold having a great time. Looking foward to completing this game and dumping some free time into it. Great purchase for the price! Would be a great game to pickup on a sale."
,Recommended,230270,25193690,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mk ultra,"I'm always impressed when a game can take a genre I don't even really like and get me addicted to it. The original N is one of the only platformers that I've truly enjoyed on PC. N++ just takes it all to the next level; more customization, more levels, online leaderboards, etc. It's a true masterpiece of minimal gaming; a genre distilled down to it's pure essence."
,Recommended,230270,33724837,Posted: 22 July,all,The Elusive Shadow,"N++ is, in my honest opinion, the pinacle of 2D platforming. In my experience, there is no momentum based platforming more refined. With each jump it is clear what the trajectory is determined upon. This predictability is what makes a game that is brutally savage at times still fun.Despite that, the earlier levels are well put together and introduce the enemies carefully to allow those new to the genre a chance to learn at a fair pace. It takes 2 minutes to learn everything this game has to offer but I would feel arrogant saying I've mastered it after all this time."
76561197965804358,Recommended,230270,30525231,Posted: 15 March,all,AmBrew,A true momentum platformer thank you. Haven't played anything quite like this since Psycho Fox! Very rewarding to pull off moves quick and smoothly. Music is fantastic and unique minimalist visual artstyle looks great.
,Recommended,230270,25219420,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sandi✔,"It's a great game and worthy to be the next N game. If you like platformers, don't let this slip by."
,Recommended,230270,28774683,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AJ Sunshine,"I bought this game for a feature it doesn't have.Okay so I played both games before this, and when N+ came out with the mp mode, my friends and I would play it a ton. They since removed that feature and I recognize that I should have done more research before purchasing this game.That being said I think the game is great. I've only played a few levels so far but it lives up to the expectations I had for the game.Buy it if you liked the games before, but don't expect a multiplayer rage fest if that's what you liked about N+. I hope they get around to adding this feature, though. That would make me so freaking appy."
,Recommended,230270,25160929,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,stickfight2,No boss mode button.
,Recommended,230270,25248279,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Salbris,"I played the first version of this game many years ago while I was in highschool, that version was incredible. I fondly remember it as a thoughtful and challengingly platformer. This game is the same as that game but yet better.Update: I've now played another 20 hours or so and this game just keeps getting better. The difficulty climbs more steadily in this version which is a welcome change. Many levels are designed to make use of the enemies and traps in enumerous, surprising and clever ways. If anything it is about this game that stands above all others is the tight controls and level design."
,Recommended,230270,25294383,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Edgy,Extremely good game for any good game lover.
,Recommended,230270,25304073,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr. Zanderson,"N was a big part of my life during school and a little afterwards. This game apeals to my nostalgia, but has improved upon the original considerably. This is going to be my go to time filler for quite a while I'm sure."
,Recommended,230270,25296137,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hella Friend,the platformer perfected.just like i remember from my childhood but better in like every way.
,Recommended,230270,25195270,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hurricane Jesus,Awesome game. Highly additive. Tons of levels. Music is great and there is lots of it. Glad this is finally back on PC.
,Recommended,230270,29925855,Posted: 14 February,all,Dmitri Negus,"This is probably the most fun and addicting platform game that I've ever played!N++ is a simple 2-D stick man running, jumping, platformer game that is extremely addictive because there are so many levels and community made levels to match.This game is an endless bundle of fun for the price that you are paying, I would love to have played more although I don't have a lot of time to play this game. If I did this would definitely be on top of the list of games I want to play when on bored."
76561198132794144,Recommended,230270,32141483,Posted: 2 June,all,SAY THAT AGAIN?!?,"Very good platfomer thats more momentum based which makes moving around the levels fun and challenging. Speaking of which, there are a HUGE amount of levels as well as separate local co-op levels and they are all hand-crafted so no random generation involed, there are even custom levels you can play from other people so you can basically play this forever. If you like platformers, give this game a go. It's great."
,Recommended,230270,29910263,Posted: 13 February,all,Geocide,"I'm just gonna say, this is the best platformer I have ever seen. There are SO many levels and there are SO many options. The physics is top notch professional. The game is nicely put together in terms of design and graphics.There are different gamemodes with allow for you or multiple people to play at once.ON the same keyboard.Gameplay is really fun, if a bit frustrating at times due to hard levels. There are a large set of controls and tactics though, so everything is possible.Overall... 9999999999/10 why don't you have this game get it now what are you waiting for."
,Recommended,230270,30707450,Posted: 24 March,all,[3xi7],"Its N. But its gone above and beyond its humble flash game origins with different game modes, leaderboards, level editor, excellent soundtrack (features a track from personal favourite 'Lorn'), and a bazillion colour schemes. All the old levels are included in the game.Also the multiplayer must be noted. Co-op is great and just as challenging as singleplayer. The competitive Race mode is the most fun imo and the source of equal measured giggles and profanities.For those who aren't familiar with N. It's a momentum based platformer. Which takes a bit of getting used to, but feels extremely rewarding.Overall, extremely recommended."
76561198024632017,Recommended,230270,25198783,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,QP,"N++ is a wonderful movement based platformer that is super difficult and requires accurate percision and priorities game mechanics over all else. Despite focusing on game play more than anything, it still manages to be very stylish in its own minimalistic way."
,Recommended,230270,25254744,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Vaelsh,"N++ is the latest entry in the N series by Metanet. The series has always been known for having perfect platforming and controls with incredible precision. That reputation continues in this entry and this is literally the best game in the series. It has more colors to choose from and unlock with more colors and headbands returning soon via patches. It also has 125 introduction levels with at least 500 N++ levels and 500 legacy (from prior games) levels. There are also thousands upon thousands of levels to play that have already been made by the community and there are more being made daily. If you want a fantastic and challenging platformer with tense situations with near misses galore that is centered around keeping your momentum up and moving quickly and precisely, this is THE game for you! 10/10"
76561198141512040,Recommended,230270,25161974,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,breadman,"you might break your pc while playing this, but it's okay since you'll probably just buy a new one just to finish the level you were on"
,Recommended,230270,25162440,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[JC]FishPound,"One of the most addicting, challenging games I've ever played. I spent countless hours on N+ on XBLA getting all of the achievements.This version of the game has so much more to do with a lot of hidden stuff. I already have 90 hours and there is still so much more to do if I want to complete everything. If you're a completionist this game may drive you insane.The design of N++ is a big improvement from the older versions with all of the color options, although you can't select a specific color for your ninja or headband in this one since the options are tied to the color schemes of the whole interface.The single and only drawback for me on this game is the lack of online multiplayer, but they do plan on adding it later if the funds are there. So I still highly recommend buying this one if you enjoy challenging platformers."
76561198079615822,Recommended,230270,25191675,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,PeenusButtLer,9/10 would die again
,Recommended,230270,25220251,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"I first playedd this game ony8.com. Where it was in browser. Then I got it for PSP, and loved it. Then I found it on XBOX Arcade, where I soon bought it. Now that Im a PC Master-Race now, N++ is on Steam. And I am loving every second of gameplay. It is smoother than any other version I've played, and the editor, is soooo amazing, and soooo easy to share with other people, through workshop. N++ Is such a revolutionary idea, and for it to go as far as it has is just amazing. I would reccomend it always on Steam. Looking for multiplayer to be implemented, and hoping it soon does. 10/10 Love it, good job developers."
,Recommended,230270,25937067,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,heavyweather,"Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. SUCCEED. Repeat.Killer soundtrack, tight controls, great color palettes, succeeds on every possible level. A pure, golden game. Bonus points for awesome couch co-op. A rare and beautiful game afloat in an ocean of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games."
,Recommended,230270,27149567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sandman,"You die, then you die some more."
,Recommended,230270,27863888,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,guro,"have you ever thought ""wow, i love super meat boy, if only it wasn't a bad game?""buy this edmund mcnewgrounds owes everything to this game and is stupid"
,Recommended,230270,28730378,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kendrick the GOAT,"I absolutely ADORED N+ and when I heard it was getting a sequel, I was hype. To me, it doesn't feel like a complete sequel, more like a remaster. Still a great platformer."
76561198031137806,Recommended,230270,25137078,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jane,Feels just like the old game just with more epic sounds and music!
,Recommended,230270,25152588,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zykirion,"I spent hundreds of hours on N+ on my 360, and still play it on my Xbox One every once in a while. Now the sequel is finally here, and after beating about half of the intro levels I can already say this is the same N I know and love, with more ways to entertaining kill myself as well as a better explosive death. 10/10, would purposely jump on a mine again to watch body parts go flying.PS: Would love to see some multiplayer on here. Just saying..."
76561198086418143,Recommended,230270,25153196,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"I would argue that this is one of the greatest games ever. Well worth the price; Great Gameplay; Great Community; In short, it's near perfect, as far as 2 dimensions go. The only thing it is missing is Online Multiplayer.In a little more depth, if you've never played a game in the series:In my opinion, the greatest aspect of this game is the challenge. In essense, it isn't too challenging once you get the basics down. You move around expertly designed levels, momentum is key, and certain things kill you. You have 90 seconds to complete an episode of 5 levels, and the gold coins scattered around the levels give you 2 extra seconds each.The majority of the episodes are not too challenging to complete in 90 seconds; What makes it difficult are the tight controls; You clip corners quite often here; One wrong move, and you're dead, falling, losing momentum, etc... Combine that, and a subtle play on your desire to be better; faster; and you have one of the greatest platforming games of all time. As is the standard for this series,; There is also a level creator and sharing capabilities.I've waited since the Original for there to be a Sequel on PC (Mostly, one with controller support) and now that it is here, i'm far from dissapointed. Sure, the lack of Online, Real time Multiplayer (Survivals, Races, Co-Op) is a little saddening, but i do personally enjoy the Solo aspect far too much to not buy this game, regardless.I would easily say this is one of the best games you can buy for under $15."
,Recommended,230270,25188004,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KFLC,"This is the perfect platformer. Flawless, highly recommended."
76561198039740062,Recommended,230270,27397704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Liam,Great game
,Recommended,230270,29510979,Posted: 26 January,all,Timecode,"I was a big fan of the original on Xbox 360 and the sequel does not disappoint.If you're looking for a real challenge, trying to complete the level first snatching every available time token is where the addictive fun takes over your soul! It's a lovely game that puts a smile on my face everytime I play it. My thumbs ache...More casual players can just try to get the key and exit the level as quickly as possible and it's still a lot of fun.Platforming perfection with a fantastic soundtrack."
,Recommended,230270,25139048,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Loyonyart,"If you liked the previous N Games (which you can find online for free, so play them as sort of a demo before buying this!) you will love this one. The soundtrack is great, the controls are tight, the levels (as far as i have played them) have a steady and fair rise in difficulty. You will die a lot, but respawning is instant, and it never feels like you have been cheated by the game. The game is definetly worth the asking price in its current state!"
76561197977057046,Recommended,230270,25201520,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,cheesus,Polished and completely awesome platformer.  Sound track is one of the best i've experienced and perfect for this title.  Buy this game immediately.
,Recommended,230270,27401169,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragodonv2,"Loved it when it was N, loved it almost as much as N+ for the DS.Now it's back and BETTER than ever, with amazingly updated graphics and an easy-to-use distribution system for created levels, all as dexterously difficult when first played on the school computers way back when."
76561198106490804,Recommended,230270,33412142,Posted: 9 July,all,froge,annoying as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054556324,Recommended,230270,25156700,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Flopster,"As soon as I heard that N++ was on Steam I grabbed it. I've been waiting for a modern version of N for many years, and N++ more than delivers.Other reviews have reviewed it more thoroughly and expressively than I could, so I'll just pitch in by saying that ""The World's Best Platformer"" is not an exaggeration."
,Recommended,230270,25263651,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,btonios,"What a fantastic game! Played Nv2 for 3 years now and I'm very happy with that released game!It's same physics, but th new graphics gives to the game a really nice looking. Each Nv2 player should buy it.:)And omg, it's pretty cheap for a game with so much content :D"
,Recommended,230270,25288104,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sn3ky,"A new feel on an absolutely perfect platformer. Controls feel both precise and fluid and the music is a gem.The only con to this game is the lack of online Co-op. Which Metanet has openly stated that since in the past there had been many complaints as to how buggy online Co-op was in N+, they'd rather do online level sharing. You know, almost how Mario Maker does it, but it's easier to actually find the levels.If you love pure platformers, this is a MUST buy."
76561198007993736,Recommended,230270,25606525,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Корниш-рекс,"I was a fan of the first game, N the flash game.Love it too.The most negative thing in N++ is music. It's not so really bad. It's just... doesn't suid the game tempo.If you played Super Meat Boy you know what I mean, when music drives you forward.Beside of music, I have no more negative for N++.It's hardcore platformer with crystal gameplay and simple graphic, nothing more,nothing less. If you like such things(like I do) - welcome! For other people I don't think it will be great game."
,Recommended,230270,25688415,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Yotimoto,One of the few games I own that you can sit down with your friends and play. Gives you a big nostalgia rush of the original flash game and has a great soundtrack.
,Recommended,230270,27580720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Antonioium,"I began playing N back when it was just a browser based java game around 10 years ago. Loved it. I then purchased N+ on Xbox when it came out in the arcade. N+ lived up to its name with at least a hundred new levels (not entirely sure how many) and a level editor (which was amazing). Now, N++ is out, and I am happily willing to shell out the $15 for it because I know it's creators wouldn't tarnish N's name. Amazing game. Only con is how long it took them to make it! Recommended."
,Recommended,230270,29447394,Posted: 23 January,all,Basse,High speed. Plenty of levels. No lag. No delay when dying.
,Recommended,230270,30318050,Posted: 4 March,all,Jirka,"As a N-game veteran and big fan (Played old Nv1.4, N-reality and Nv2) this was next logical step in my path of the ninja. I highly recommend this game, if you played and enjoyed older flash versions of this game. It's challenging platformer and it may seem hard at first, but it gets better, when you improve, but also harder levels will come and some maps in later rows was really hard even for me (I completed all N-reality and Nv2 metanet levels)Story is really simple: It's you (ninja) in a room full of enemies and your only goal is to get door key and get to door to continue your adventure in next level. You can either play through official episodes, where you need to complete 5 levels in a row to unlock next episode, or you can play user-created levels, which are in all forms of difficulty/playability.Official metanet levels are very good and mostly with fine difficulty. You can either just complete it, which is usually not too hard, but if you get better you can try to go for all gold runs, which are the real challenge, especially in some harder maps. Psychics and objects/enemies are well-thought out to make maps interesting to keep playing. There is enough content to play it for days and even if you complete all episodes, there are always some new cool userlevels. And it also has race mode and multiplayer co-op episodes. (Unfortunately you can only do co-op with 2 players on 1 computer) There are more enemies than in previous versions, some are really cool (Portal, that spawns evil ninja, who will chase you mirroring your moves and you die, if he catches you) You will soon figure best way to survive against certain enemies.I really like N++, it's better than older N games with lot more content, cool new enemies,  and lot of fun. Thanks metanet software for making this game, as I said I'm a long time fan of N the way of the ninja series. Probably only things I don't like much are that some levels are too hard  to get all gold for me, but I know it's supposed to be challenge. And when rocket crashes near you, you suddenly don't see anything and can easily make a mistake.If you liked any older N game version, get N++ for sure, you won't regret it. And if you never played game like this before, try it too, it has simple old school graphics, but there is great amount of content for that price and lot of options, how to play the game. (Simply complete maps, go for all gold runs, or even try to go for episode/level highscores)"
,Recommended,230270,25156804,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,shomman,"Awesome game. Controls are incredible, beautiful colour schemes, awesome music. A delight to play. 100%"
,Recommended,230270,25174835,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FromSuckware,Cool Ninja Game Go Fast Big Explode
,Recommended,230270,25206299,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ProbablyPutrid (nikonman17),"N+ is a great game but this beats it ten fold. Awesome soundtrack, sweet new additions, unique level design, and a great challenge. What more do you need?"
,Recommended,230270,25217262,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shodredux,"I highly recommend this game for it's simplicity to grasp, pick up where you left off, and play. However, many a challenge lay ahead ranging in all sort of difficulty. A must have in your library if you want to pick up and play some challenging platforming fun."
,Recommended,230270,26420399,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,fartbird,More of the same from N+ but improved and expanded upon.
,Recommended,230270,25141655,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zurry,Finally back on PC.
,Recommended,230270,25192385,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TaVeRiC,"This is a very well made platformer. I would say it is easy to learn and hard to master. This game may not be widely known, but has a large dedicated following that has been around for quite a while.There is more than plenty to do and N++ boast a nice soundtrack as well. I do recommend to anyone that is interested to give it a try. The game is comparable to Super Meatboy though I do perfer N++ over the latter. The only negative for me is the game does not currently include Online multiplayer. Even though I wish it was included in the game it wasn't a deal breaker for me, but it was for some. There is talk of Online multiplayer possibly being implemented in the future. But there is no confirmation at the time of writing this review. The game does include a level editor that allows you to create your own levels as well as share them online and leaderboards to display competetive ranking. All in all a very solid, polished and fun platformer."
76561198072191023,Recommended,230270,25193601,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"Buy this now. Well, buy it now if you like platformers at all, don't buy it if you get mad at games easily. The controls are perfection, the graphics are amazing, the soundtrack is great, literally my only problem with it is that the level-sharing system doesn't appear to have many levels at all, (they said 10k but it's more like 30), but that very well could be because the game JUST came out on pc, so there hasn't been a lot of time to make levels. I think I remember hearing about cross-platform (ps4) level/leaderboard sharing that doesn't appear to be working, but that very well might be a problem just for me.In all other aspects (aka the whole game) this is amazing.If you've never played an n game before there is N and Nv2.0 to get the feel of it, but I definitely recommend buying this if you like it, because while those might be free, they're definitely not as good as this... at least, not in terms of art, music, game mechanics, and amount of levels."
,Recommended,230270,25193931,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,nsinreal,"It's just the best race platformer-game+ Hardcore, but not crazy (e.g. you want to play & practice)+ A lot of good levels!+ Nice drawing style"
,Recommended,230270,25213098,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sixty oz,"N++ = 😀😂😢😨😭😀😀😀😀. But seriously, awesome platformer just like it's predecessors only steamier!"
,Recommended,230270,32974925,Posted: 28 June,all,Daddy Dibble,"I used to play N+ on the Xbox 360 all the time when I was a kid. This is just like that except better in every way with more stuff to do.Great music, great sound design, tight controls, and great platforming. Worth it at full price.Although I would strongly suggest using a controller to play."
,Recommended,230270,25189501,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pipisones,!!
,Recommended,230270,25192104,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ThePickle,this game has to be the best platformer i have ever played.
,Recommended,230270,25317903,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,AliaS,Butt-clench level: 100%
,Recommended,230270,27440070,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nestoro,i loved N and this is just ++
,Recommended,230270,27537654,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zzirfilth,"I first played N in early 2012, and fell in love with the game very fast.What can I say. I'm a glutton for punishment.N++ has only made the series better; fixing bugs, mesh issues, and hitboxes.I don't know. Maybe I just really suck.This is worth your money. Trust me."
,Recommended,230270,30326911,Posted: 4 March,all,BboP,"Extremely solid platformer with as much challenge as there is content. If you've got a friend, I would highly recommend trying out the co-op and race levels as well. The level design is fantastic on both ends."
,Recommended,230270,31323423,Posted: 23 April,all,EmFer,GG best stickman ninja game. (nice trance)
76561197999919848,Recommended,230270,25165476,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ether Bunny 66,N++ is what super meat boy was to n+Its absurd how good this game is.
,Recommended,230270,25171252,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Xaos Wolf,They'll say this game is one of the finest platformers ever created.They'll globber about the controls being so tight they're effectively vacuum-sealed.They'll willomy about how the sheer number of levels are overwhelming but in a good way.They'll vollue in your direction to explain how this is gameplay distilled down to its purest form.They are all correct.
76561198108169552,Recommended,230270,25190630,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kleptolia,"Loved N+ on my DS. When this came out, I had to get it ASAP. Worth it, no question.Somewhere in the process of jumping, floating, collecting gold, and exploding, I realized that I was mentally writing backstories explaining the purpose of the room my ninja was in and why the ninja was there.Not many games do that. 10/10"
,Recommended,230270,25193725,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Handglovery,Simple platforming at its finest.It was great over a decade ago and it's great now.
,Recommended,230270,25213240,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bob Marley,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥happens only in N++.
,Recommended,230270,25254966,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZombieLPK,"One of the two best 2D platformers you can get on Steam, tied with Super Meat Boy."
,Recommended,230270,25420148,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Thaumaturgist,"I read a Rock Paper Shotgun article about how this game managed to do something new with platformers by adding momentum as a mechanic. It got me interested in trying the game. So I went to the Steam page some time later and watched the video. Looked pretty neato. And then it showed some of the artists on the soundtrack.$15 later, I have over $50 of music by some of my favorite artists - including some songs that I fell in love with when I heard them in mixes but could never track down. I seriously turn this game on just for the music and treat it like a mix. I go to the options menu and just leave the game running.The fact that it has a pretty awesome game that comes with the soundtrack is just icing on the cake."
,Recommended,230270,25591701,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Redn2000,"Was playing this game back when it was just a popular flash game, so I'm really happy it's now on steam. And it's just as addictive as it was back then, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,230270,25633917,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,XENOCRACY ϟ,"awesome game, amazing platformer and surprisingly brutal for its innocent look, you explode into giblets if do so much as lick a mine or look at a laser, but it's charming in a way, the momentum mechanic is perfected, it's just a great game9/10"
,Recommended,230270,26830161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,snank,­­
,Recommended,230270,26878932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,robobot,"After 12 years or so, Metanet has finally developed a worthy succesor to the original Flash-based N Game. If you were a fan of the original game, get this. It even includes all of the original levels from the first game. A++"
,Recommended,230270,27428087,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FrankTheDoge,The only game where you can die 300 times in the same level and still want to play
,Recommended,230270,25582172,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,digitallyApocalyptic,Both an absolutely fantastic game and an absolutely fantastic way to give yourself carpal tunnel syndrome. 10/10.
,Recommended,230270,26871854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zeepington,"N++ is nothing more than pure fun die-and-retry gameplay. The art is minimalist yet appreciable, the levels are clever, the physics feel just right and they have done a great job of remastering a 10+ years old flash game and give it a worthy 15$.My only true complaints are the music and the missed potential of customization. While the music fits the general tone of the game, it's difficult (for me) to listen to it for more than five minutes, which makes me disable it and put on a Spotify playlist instead. And for the customization, I feel that there is a lack of block options in the Level Editor compared to the original game and even N+, and the devs missed out an opportunity to let us set our own color tones to make some spooky stuff.Other than that, minimalist yet fun and infinite thanks to the level editor."
,Recommended,230270,27363099,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gemüse,This is one of the best platformers available on steam. Controls (as simple as they are) are solid. Sound track is amazing. Difficulty can be brutal. It's got everything you need to be in a platformer.
,Recommended,230270,27364942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kwack,"Liked since N+, same mechanics with more enemies and platformsUser Created Levels still as fun as everworth ."
76561198141998449,Recommended,230270,27373267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☺,"I've known the original N since 2005, it's definitely one of my favorite games ever, and this version is just as good as always if not better. The precise controls and the well-thought level design make a very satisfying experience. Also, you'll die a lot, no matter how good you are, like, a LOT."
,Recommended,230270,27548216,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,grunk,"Outstanding game. Satisfying to play in general. It looks beautiful, the motion is fluid and the soundtrack is great."
,Recommended,230270,29022030,Posted: 4 January,all,hdaniel1,I just started this game and IT'S AWESOME. The soundtrack is the icing on the cake? Techno? Who knew!
,Recommended,230270,29025675,Posted: 4 January,all,SniffleButtons,"This is one of my favorite games, but it always crashes at the start because of some ""runtime error"" please fix."
76561198082893171,Recommended,230270,30434392,Posted: 10 March,all,Beefy.Wisdom,"Great fun, better than the old browser game. A huge new update is coming out soon for it too so it's going to be even bigger and better than it already is!"
76561198368830724,Recommended,230270,31453403,Posted: 29 April,all,Kiyder,"N++ Is in my opinion the smoothest platformer out there, if you like games that can get realy difficult realy fast then N++ is the game for you."
76561198077580466,Recommended,230270,25137701,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,evans2808,"Disclaimer: this review is coming from a fan of the original NThis is flat out the most polished platformer I've ever played. The physics and tight controls are wonderfully reactive, and the level design is creative, sadistic, and meticulous (I'd comare it favorably to Super Meat Boy).Gameplay enhancements from previous entries are subtle (momemntum boosters, laser turrets, and a few other elements), but the aforementioned excellet level design gets a lot of mileage out of different permutations of the new and old elements, adding a lot of depth. Best addition (IMHO) is the soudtrack, which is extensive for the first time in the series, and quite good. The level editor (a major draw for me) is also substantially improved over the previous entries, and is a good deal easier to use.I've seen a few folks questioning the pricing of this game, cosidering it is very similar to the original, free version that is available. TBH, the free version is still awesome, and you should totally play it if you're not sure about dropping $15, though in my oppition this updated version is totally worth the 15 dollar price tag, considering the 2000+ levels it comes with, the extra layes of polish, and the soundtrack (which would easily be worth $10 itself).So yeah, get it, it's good."
76561197980676884,Recommended,230270,25153148,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,That Feel,"I've been playing N in one form or another since I was a kid, it seems only fair the devs get some of my money now.This isn't at all a departure from the series, this is N Classic with more polish, new elements, new maps, a map editor, better music, and same-system co-op.Same controls, same atmosphere, and same butt-clenching stress as before. Sound good? Great.If you're new to the series, the older games are available online still, check em out.Don't let anybody tell you this is like Super Meat Boy. The controls are similar, but Super Meat Boy manufactures difficulty by forcing you to move through the map at high speeds, and swinging obstacles into the field of view quickly - so you essentially have to memorize the map by dying a certain number of times. Or maybe your reaction time is way better than mine, who am I to judge (Synth)Here, you see the entire map at once, and once you have the hang of enemy movement patterns, you can plan your route before the timer even starts, and it's not uncommon to finish a map in one gloriously satisfying, white-knuckle first try, barely squeezing through gaps in mines and racing past homing missiles.It's... Just so good. I hope the community map making takes off."
76561198272063589,Recommended,230270,31851396,Posted: 19 May,all,UnstoppableMM,"one of my favorite games. this game should be in your library or on your ps4. best platforming ever, amazing momentum system. Overall one of the best games ive ever played. you should support this developer because he has been making N games for years and they are chocked full of levels that will last you a lifetime. By the way..... GOOD LUCK"
,Recommended,230270,28870004,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ALTHiR,So. much. content.Too. Little. Time.
,Recommended,230270,31378745,Posted: 26 April,all,E3kHatena,"4,000 levels (yes, really!) and player physics designed and perfected over the last 12 years, N++ is downright some of the best game design around. Some of the color palletes are a bit overbearing and the music is hit or miss, but the positives far,FARoutweigh the negatives."
,Recommended,230270,25169784,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ChristianBk,"I've been an N fan all my life. Playing 1.4 on the computer, then 2.0, playing through and beating N+ on DS, PSP (my fav version) and 200/200 on Xbox 360. Purchased N++ on PS4 when it released last year and was the primary reason why I purchased the console.There's a reason why so many people have played and continue to purchase N games throughout the years:You can not get a more pure platforming experience than N++.It's pure skill; no powerups, no ""the game cheated!!"" it's on you - the player - to completely play the way of the ninja.N++ maintains this pure skill aspect and throws in:1) Crazy amount of stages2) Fantastic soundtrack3) Color customization options that are fun to play around with4) Local co-op5) Online sharing and playing6) Everything is leaderboardsWhen Metanet say there won't be a sequel I can absolutely believe it: I have no idea how they can further iterate N.You like platformers? Want to get a ton of value? Like chasing scores? N++ is your jam."
76561198055663882,Recommended,230270,25174135,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,everRampager,"Still as good as I remember it 10 years ago.My one gripe: Half the colour schemes are really, really hard on the eyes but seeing as you can select your own *shrug*"
,Recommended,230270,25192063,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Village Idiot,its good
76561198007887291,Recommended,230270,25192377,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,good_boy,"This is a no-brainer for those who played one of the N games before. It runs great and has all the features you know and love.For all the others:This is a super simplistic platformer with a high focus on momentum. You complete episodes consisting of five levels. The rating is based on your time left at the end of the episode, which you can boost by collecting gold in the levels.There are tons of levels already in the game which will take you a few dozen hours if you want to collect all the gold in all the levels. There is also a very intuitive level-editor which you can use to build and share your own levels. If creating is not your thing, you can just play the growing number of community levels. So content-wise, there is more than enough here.If you want to try the game to know how it feels, the original game ""N"" is still free for PC. You can find it online. Similar to Spelunky, the old, free version isn't as fleshed out or streamlined as the new one, but is still a great game. If you like it, you can come back and buy N++ for the modern, streamlined version.If the game sounds the slightest bit interesting to you, go ahead and try it. You might not love it, but you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,230270,25193581,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cryøgeniic,"Amazing gameplay for a platformer, the unique level creation/diffculty of the game makes it tons of fun to play. Best Platformer ever."
,Recommended,230270,25219366,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pschlik,"N(++) is a platformer toned down to just the essentials so it can worry about things other than princesses and powerups. Without all of the extra stuff other platformers have, you come out with something that is really challenging but mixes skill and stratgey where you can see the entire level on one screen, everything is a one hit kill, and movement is as ninjasome as it can ever be. There's no RNG, so it's all about knowing how everything can kill you, finding out how not to die, then having the skill to actually do it.Unlike just about every other game out there, N(++) will run on absoluetly anything at 60 fps. Seriously, don't worry about your specs.And if you really don't want to pay a small price of $15, there is always the good old free versionN 2.0which is very much the same, just with less levels and enemies, and a different grahpical style. I recommend playing both of them."
,Recommended,230270,25235117,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dewberry Cretin,"An absolutely amazing, entertaning and beutiful game, but its highly frustrating, and that just makes winning even more sweet. 10/10 one of my favorite games ever, can't wait til mac version is out"
,Recommended,230270,25285600,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lignum,I love this game. I haven't played it in so many years and it is just as fun as it was back then. Only back then I played it while at work to pass the time. Shhh
76561198045718424,Recommended,230270,25297084,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Prestone,"This game is fantastic! It's challenging and difficult, but not frustrating. It's exactly what I need to unwind after a day at school. The music and the way you can interact with it helps me relax. My only real complaint is the lack of online multiplayer, but otherwise, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,230270,26345352,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BIGLOSER99,Paying for this you basically get the entire copy of N+ and an entire games worth of new levels along with more customization and a solid level editor.
,Recommended,230270,27371105,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I'm Taylor Swift lol,Even better than the original N+. It sometimes makes me rage but oh boy is it worth it.
,Recommended,230270,27403376,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,K3W3L,"Has it really been 10 years since I've played the original N game back in 2006? Good god, time really flies. I knew I had to instantly buy this on launch to support the developers, as a thank you for all the free entertainment years ago.The original Flash version kept me entertained for hours on end...to be more specific, it's a combination of euphoria and frustration. But usually frustration.Specifically, frustration at my own lack of skill. This game requires a lot of precision, even more so thanSuper Meat Boy, in my honest opinion. But the euphoria experienced from finally beating one of those almighty challenging levels is just incredible.Floaty ninja jumping, sweet walljumping, amazing physics engine. Seriously - this has the best physics engine I've ever experienced in any 2D game ever. Maybe even 3D? I don't know if I want to go that far.Those were key aspects to its underground cult following back then - these are key aspects in its successful sequels today. N+ and N++ helped to fine tune and overly polish the experience.No online multiplayer? I don't see this as a problem. The original N never had any online multiplayer. N+ had it, but it would be a challenge to implement here because of latency and whatnot interfering negatively with the physics, that I can recognise. As a compromise, there is local multiplayer.A vastly challenging experience, not for the faint-hearted (and that is about the only possible con I see in this, that the difficulty could put off the most casual gamers). A LOT of handcrafted levels (and even more user-created levels). Great colour palettes. Brilliant licensed soundtrack that just about fits the mood of the game and whatever you're experiencing right now.It is no wonder that this game was instantly deserving of my nomination for the ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award"" award. I mean, I thought it was cool a whole TEN years ago - I still think it's cool today.When to buyThere's a shedload of levels included. If you have the patience and the willpower never to give up after repeated failures on fiendishly difficult platforming levels, pick it up now. Well worth the $15.9.5/10"
,Recommended,230270,27426140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zorckas,"The feels, remember the time when playing the original N game (thewayoftheninja). It was very addicting and fun. and then the new game came out, but not on pc! luckily i had the xbox 360 at the time at bought it, and that was the game N+, really nothing has changed a couple of small things, but i like it, i like it alot. and than this year this little beast game came out, i was just scrolling through store and saw the title and i was like O_O, didnt doubt a second just bought the game didnt look at reviews or pictures or anything, well i bought it when it came out i think so.BUT DAAAMN that is as the old ones still love it.pros and consPROS:*As the original N-Game*No waiting time*No lags whatsoever*blablalba*blablalba*blablalba*pretty much anythingCONS:*changing theme changes the color of the ninja, i like it but dont like it at the same time. I would like to have the original theme and would like to have many options for changing the ninjas look, bur thats just personal."
,Recommended,230270,27618038,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,your hardbodied great-aunt,"N++ has challenging gameplay that constantly invites you to push yourself to the limit, beautiful and simple graphics, and a soundtrack that perfectly matches the game's atmosphere."
,Recommended,230270,28815050,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LOLDONT,"Gameplay Perspective:- Many Levels- Amazing mechanics for only 3 controls- Co-op Levels!- Many Themes to chose (after you unlock them)Extras:- Controller support!- Achivements (I like achivements)- Level Editor- Can view other player's levels- Large list of 8bit/retro Songs10/10: is gr8 m8, no h8 nor b8."
,Recommended,230270,28930454,Posted: 1 January,all,Moon_Moon,"awesome gameplay/graphics, great game all round, not worth the money... wait for a sale. in the meantime, play the free version (it's slightly uglier but identical) Nv2"
,Recommended,230270,25196635,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,pyXelr,This game just brings back old memories in the form matching these days.
,Recommended,230270,25218143,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Spaz,Perfect controls
,Recommended,230270,25255611,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TheDaemoness,"Finally. An improved version of the game for us PC scrubs.I was a huge original N fan. I've been playing N since before N+ for XBLA came out. I enjoyed making maps, jumping around, and having my hopes and dreams crused by 88-4 in N 1.4.N++ is a game I would unreservedly recommend for anyone who was a fan of the original N, or for someone who enjoys physics-based platformers and challenge. It stays very true to the original N while adding some new mechanics that give a fresh new twist to the game (current favorite mechanic: toggle mines).Its performance is a huge improvement over the original N in ways that actually matter. Corner jumps can be done very reliably now for those with the skill to do them, and laser drones in pits will fire at you the exact moment you come into sight.Have I mentioned that I really like the levels? The intro section is a fantastic overview of the basics, which means the main game is free to get right into the meat of the gameplay without too much faffing about. All the levels in the N++ section are new, where the legacy episodes are derived from old levels that have been cleaned up and tweaked for N++.I do have a few minor gripes, however. Make no mistake, though, these are minor.* Sometimes, N++ feels a little TOO faithful to the original N. Death by falling from too high on a bounceblock is still a thing, as is the strange frictional interaction on the top surfaces of horizontally-moving thwumps. I can only assume these are still here for historical reasons, since it otherwise makes no sense (though I have hunches as to why they are the way they are within the code).* I know that collecting all the gold is an optional objective, but some levels make collecting all the gold a time consuming but not altogether challenging process, with individual flecks widely spaced out but numerous.* The death replay in the main menu includes suicides, which ends up showing a lot of replays where I suicided due to not being happy with my time or getting one piece of gold that I would still have an opportunity to get later. Preferably, the death replays would only show suicides when the topology of the map changed such that the exit became permanently inaccessible, but that gets a touch complicated.* N++'s tiles don't seem to include several ""micro"" tiles that I believe were present in N+ XBLA. I would have loved to see those make a comeback and for there to be more of them.* I haven't found a built-in way to import old N levels into N++. That would have been nice.* There are some audio and UI bugs, but I'll leave those out of this review. I have some faith they'll get patched eventually.EDIT: I made a comment about off-putting keybindings in this review. Since that has been changed, my complaint has been removed. This game is awesome."
,Recommended,230270,25307101,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Snipr14,"Have some extra controllers ready, your going to break them"
76561198067620930,Recommended,230270,27522957,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blucario,"N++is a minimalist hardcore platformer about a ninja collecting gold. Yeah, there's not much in the way of the story, but this game makes up for that in droves with its flawless, fluid, and extremely polished controls and levels that will keep you playing forhours.The momentum is flawless, and the levels are brutally difficult yet pretty fair. The graphics are minimal, with no clutter that would distract you. So much polish and care went into every little detail, with the main menu showing recordings of your previous faliures, loads of hidden levels and secrets, and various options for completion. If you enjoyed Super Meat Boy, Dustforce DX, or other similar platformers, you need to buy thisimmediately.Pros:+Great (but not perfect!) soundtrack+Tight, fluid controls+Intuitive and slick momentum+Simple and effective visuals+Alternate color palettes and color customization+No loading times, at all+Lightning-fast restarts after failure+Difficult but (mostly) fair levels+Cooperative multiplayer mode+Competitive multiplayer mode+Can play singer player levels with multiple players+A singleplayer time trial / multiplayer race mode+Leaderboards+Level editor with cross-platform sharing and downloading of levels+Loads of care and detail to various elements throughout the gameCons:-No story, but that barely matters-A few levels in particular stand out as feeling like unfair difficulty spikes, but are still manageableOther notes:~VERY hard throughout, only for those that can handle challenge in their games~Seriously, it'shard.~Youwilldie.~And then die again.~And again.tl;dr:It's a tight and difficult platformer similar to Super Meat Boy. Clean visuals and controls. Be prepared to die over and over again. Worth your money ten times over.Plus plus."
,Recommended,230270,29454915,Posted: 23 January,all,boatz,"If you're a pseudo-masochist and love tight, momentum based physics, this game is definitely for you.The biggest difference between the physics in this game and physics in many other platformers is that you aren't remotely floaty - everything you do carries momentum and has weight to it. It's fun to control without being obnoxiously frustrating at times like Super Meat Boy's ""i'm a Need for Speed sports car"" physics.If you don't think that's the kind of physics you're looking for, but you're still interested, try the original freeware N v1.4 or N v2.0 before buying. They're both rough around the edges, obviously, but the physics are exactly the same as N++."
76561198287441980,Recommended,230270,30509467,Posted: 14 March,all,MysticReverie,"Remarkable platform game.The controls are fluid and intuitive, and the physics are awesome.The level are devious and varied.The graphics are perfectly functional and mnimalist. I think this may make it easier to make out the necessary stuff on the screen.Nice music.Addictive.Rewarding.One of the best games I've played for a long time.If you don't mind the minimalist graphics, and you like a platforming challenge, you should love this."
,Recommended,230270,33615340,Posted: 17 July,all,V360 or something,"++ Tight controls (slow but it feels like you are in control)++ Good graphics (like the style a lot)++ Evil levels (over2,0004,000or so of them which is terrifying)++ Nice music (a bunch of chill electronic songs)++ Level editor & online sharing (nice)-- Sometimes doesn't work on a few computers9/10 really good"
76561198064304125,Recommended,230270,25203033,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Captain Mintberry Crunch,"Played this in high school.  Really an amazing platformer.  Levels Consist of 4 screens with each having a set amount of coins.  U have a time to complete the 4 screens and every coin u collect adds to that time.  Game is hard but not frustratingly hard, to complete the levels is fairly tricky.  To get all the coins for high leaderboard score is hard.  Comes with a lot of intro levels to slowly ease u into the mechanics.I might be a bit bias because this game was part of my teenage years but this game is truly amazing."
,Recommended,230270,25208988,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LightoftheMoon,"I'd give this version of N 6/10I met N+ on 360 years ago and I still have fond memories of playing multiplayer with my family and friends.I was very excited to see N++ was a thing, and coming to PC (because I'm mostly a PC gamer and my family and friends that have moved away are still available to play with on PC)Let's start with cons >>Multiplayer is local only. Its nice that they have multiplayer, but I was really hoping to get to play online. I was pretty disappointed when I found this out, and for most people this is situation specific. If you still play multiplayer locally then no worries!Character color. We can't figure out how to change our character's colors like we could in N+. I googled it and found some forums saying that you can't, although I'm not ruling it out, maybe it does exist. However if it doesn't I'm sad about that too. I liked the colors and their corresponding names. I was always Cherry bomb, and we still yell ""BANANA"" when my little brother dies in any game.So, those two things are pretty miniscule, and specific to my personal taste.Pro's. >>You can color swap the whole game. They have themes that don't just change the look of menus, but the whole game itself. This is pretty rad.Racing. Multiplayer has coop like in N+ but they added in racing and this was the most fun we have had so far with it.Assasins. The lazers and missles you remember are back for another go. But, they are small fry compared to the new enemy assasins that spawn and kick yo♥♥♥♥♥So many levels. With the level creator and being able to share online there are more levels than you can ever hope to play. Now personally I have attempted to play additional levels in games like trackmania, and the majority are garbage, so this may have some gems but I bet it will take some digging. This is speculation though I have not really adventured outside of the base game levels yet.Conclusion >>I loved N+. And I think what is bugging me has to do with the multiplayer. I just sort of feel let down. Its still fun, it looks sharp, controls are still crispy like bacon. But to be honest after about half an hour we end up switching to Overcooked instead."
,Recommended,230270,31816184,Posted: 17 May,all,Dave,Recommended
,Recommended,230270,25508414,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Prime Ribs,Why are you reading this? GO BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW. PLAY IT SO YOU CAN SCREAM IN HAPPINESS AND YELL IN ANGER!The memories of the N Game in 2004 flood back in this perfect game. I highly recommend it. This game is actual perfection. And I don't say that a lot.
,Recommended,230270,29065571,Posted: 6 January,all,Jules,"N++ is the third major iteration on the N formula, and this one adds more than ever. New enemies, levels, flavours, four-player single-screen coop... But really, N has always been about that cathartic zen state you go into as you elegantly glide through levels... or blow up in glorious fireworks. Either way, the instantly-rethemeable UI and (mostly) soothing music imparts some zen from the game and into YOU. Because ninjas are just that sneaky."
,Recommended,230270,29031980,Posted: 5 January,all,beats,"I gotta say, I played the original N back on addicting games, and boy did I love it. But it just felt kinda bland ya know? Like there wasn't much to do after playing through all the levels.Then this gem shows up and flips it all around.This game improves on a very basic, well designed formula that was already pretty damn good back then. The gameplay is super smooth, and with a controller, there's just no comparison. I absolutely love this reboot, it brings back all the elements from the old game and polishes it. But wait, there's more.Community. Levels.Yes you heard me right, this time around there's levels designed by you, the players. I did like the levels designed by the devs a lot, but there's something so satisfying about beating an absolutely impossible level designed by some sadist who enjoys your tears. Or maybe you're into something more casual, well they got that for you too. The potential for level design in this is ENDLESS, and I must say I'm thoroughly satisfied with my experience. It's not something you'd play hardcore for days straight, but when you're bored and you feel like taking up a simple, challenging platformer, I'd absolutely recommend this title.A must have for fans of the original N."
76561198035798825,Recommended,230270,29100618,Posted: 7 January,all,Joey,One of the best platformer game ever.
,Recommended,230270,31901094,Posted: 22 May,all,ZDanielHallG,amazing platformer must have.
,Recommended,230270,30153636,Posted: 24 February,all,SmuSmu,"Addictive, well rounded, clever little game that's actually not so little when you really get into the deeply hard and frustratingly clever♥♥♥♥♥♥ I havent fell in love with a game that quickly in a while, it feels really refreshing."
,Recommended,230270,25161818,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bumsplikity,"The definitive version of N with over 2,000 levels right out of the gate. Fantastic platforming gameplay that is extremely tough to put down(note that i've played lots and lots of this on the ps4 version)"
,Recommended,230270,25493160,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Oke'd,"It's funny that there's still an audience for games as simple asN++. With the tech available to game developers now, one would think there'd almost be an expectation to make hyper-realistic and fluidly animated third-person cover shooters that probably only run at a cinematic 24 frames per second on most computers. The appeal of a 2D platformer is that it is - and almost always will be - extremely self-explanatory. Upon launching N++, it will take most people under 30 seconds to have everything figured out. It's the age-old mantra of 'easy to learn, hard to master' that so many genres will simply never be able to get right.That said, it could be argued that the reasonN++is so simple to learn is because of its apparent fear of doing anything to differentiate it from the rest of the genre as a whole. To hone in on the problem, one should look to the previous instalments of the series. Originating as a free 2004 browser game, simply titledN, the title was later released as on Xbox Live Arcade asN+, including the addition of a well-received online multiplayer component. With the release ofN++, it becomes pretty clear that developer Metanet Software isn't going to budge. The obscure titling begs the question: is this a sequel or a remake? The fact that all the levels are different per game says sequel, but the fact that the gameplay is perfectly identical screams 'stand-alone DLC'. Which is truthfully whatN++probably should have been. It shows no characteristics of an entirely new game, and doesn't feel like a great investment if you've already played the previous two games.By itself,N++is a great game. The gameplay is smooth and the minimal graphic style is sleek and professional. As with the previous games, it strikes a solid balance between fair and frustrating, and the local multiplayer modes are a blast with friends, including a tough-as-nails co-op mode in which both players are all but required to play at peak performance to complete the specifically designed levels. Race mode is by far the most enjoyable, as it lends an element of speedy precision that's missing from the solo levels thanks to a jump button so floaty that it's practically a feature.The acclaimed online multiplayer is notably absent this time around, and criticism by fans was met with excuses stinking of the procrastinatory air that hangs over the product. It feels like the words 'can't be bothered' must have been uttered frequently during development, because it is quite literally a shiny new coat over an 11-year-old game that can still be played for free online.N++gets a tentative recommendation, although there has to be a point where one does have to wonder if such a thing is worth playing, because have no doubt about it - you have seen all of this before."
,Recommended,230270,25197283,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,arnzzz,"Ive been waiting for this to be released on PC for years. I heard about it but never ever played it.Its worth the wait, amazing game."
,Recommended,230270,33199772,Posted: 3 July,all,gregthegreat4,I'm doing this for a sticker pack.
,Recommended,230270,31359200,Posted: 25 April,all,AkaiKatana1cc,I sunk in about 1000 hours in both N on the PC and N+ on the Xbox 360. I sucked hardcore at both games. The trend continues...
,Recommended,230270,25157355,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Skewie1k,"After 8+ years of playing since N2.0, those rockets arestillmy least favorite enemy.tl;dr Do you like platformers that require aa lot of skill? Get N++.This review is more orientated those who have played the first N game in the series, but if you haven't played the flash N, you can still use this as an example.Pros:++ Simplistic style++ Easy af controls++ No skill-cap. Amateurs can have fun, and but skill is still greatly rewarded++ Beautiful color schemes you can choose from++ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic soundtrack++ Endless levels, including ones from beforeCons:- Freaking missiles!For background info, I've played the ""original"" N game from around 8 years ago. It was a flash game that you could play directly from Metanet Softare's website (the developers) for free. It was amazing. It created memories.I was extremely discouraged to hear that N++ would start by releasing for consoles. No hate for consoles, but it's just that I didn't have either the XBox or the PS. The only thing I could see was the tease on Youtube videos.Now, you can finally enjoy the full beauty that is N, The Way of The Ninja. It plays just as I remembered, only better. The physics is just aas I remembered, only better. The style is just as I remembered, only better. This really is N, ++.Just get it!"
,Recommended,230270,25195730,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,wessles,"This perfects the N formula.If you haven't played any N game, play this game.If you've played all N games, you need to play this game.If you've played N++, you still need to play this game."
76561198236611652,Recommended,230270,25195768,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sn00c,"I've been playing N and reality for over 8 years now, and the arrival of N++ on Steam was the event of the century for me. No need to say that I was expecting nothing less than a perfect game.I am very happy to say that, after a bit more than 6 hours of playing it, I am totally in love with N++ ! It's exactly what I was waiting for and event more (with now a race mode in addition to the alread0y immensely fun co-op mode).I highly recommend buying this game if you like platformers ; I could'nt see a better way of spending 12€ :)"
,Recommended,230270,25202207,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nightshroud,"""This is getting frustrating.. I'll just quit after finishing this level..""*ended up finishing the entire level*10/10"
,Recommended,230270,25190771,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Duck Run Amok,"N++: Successor to the Original Precision PlatformerDetailed thoughts are available in my full review on YouTube:https://youtu.be/7dS3VRoxerUThe idea of this game is incredibly simple. Get to a button, press said button, exit through door.Easier said than doneWell placed bombs, robots and many other obstacles often make this game incredibly difficult, forcing you to weave and thread your ninja through tightly packed obstacles where the slightest slip can spell your defeat.Jump too high? Hit your head on a mine leaden roof and explode.Jump too fast? Land on the floor and slide into an electrified robot.Run too slow? Get chased down and killed by a homing missile.Yet despite this, N++ retains its elegant simplicity. From the gameplay to the graphics everything is boiled down to it's simplest elements, the minimum needed amount needed to be perfectly functional. This game is the essence of a single mechanic polished to perfection.PROS+ Pixel perfect platforming controls+ Solid soundtrack+ Wide range of game options+ Ridiculous number of levels to play+ Robust and easy to use level editor+ Co-op (It wasn't needed but it's there anyway)+ Stupidly cheapCONS- Some levels are trivially easy unless you're attempting to get the high score- Simple art style may not appeal to some- Fairly limited video options (Although honestly enough for a 2D platformer)ConclusionThis game is brilliant, absolutely worth the money. This game is timeless, and the presence of the level editor means that this game has a huge amount of replayability. I absolutely 100% recommend you get this game"
,Recommended,230270,25152702,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,FlightOfGrey,"Plays just like the classic N but everything is bigger and better. If you like Super Meat Boy - get this game, it's the original."
,Recommended,230270,25171335,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Carol,"N++ is a very complex, entertaining, physics platformer.It's closely in the vein of more known steam games such as Super Meat Boy and Dustforce, but N++ has an edge over both of them in the physics department... If anyone bought Xbox Live Arcade games frequently around 2008, you'll remember the predecessor to this being a standout game from that time period.The way physics operates and interacts with the map in the game is very detailed. In the ""Intro"" levels they spend a lot of time introducing you to not only how enemy entities/killer objects/the map/wall hugging/fall-damage kill thresholds/etc. work, but equally as much time about how angled map geometry interacts with the falling momentum/distance kill threshold, and how emphasized air control is in the game.For example, theres a level called ""the impossible is possible"", and it has a 25-degree angled vertical wall that you have to ride down at high velocity so you can smoothly transition into a regular vertical wall, and slide down it for 0.2 seconds to prevent death by falling.Ultimately I feel like as far as I've got into it (only now chipping away at the ""N++"" levels, cleared all of the ""Intro"" ones), It's been absolutely fantastic I would also like to disclaim that I've been playing with Xpadder and a Gamecube Controller setup, and the feeling of altering your trajectory as a means of precise air control is very important... get a good gamepad and set your stick thresholds comfortably.killer game, 9/10 so far, follows up on N+ fantastically and defines it further. buy it folks"
,Recommended,230270,25888401,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,OmerRDT,do not purchase if you have OCDor wanting to complete the game 100%you cant. you just cant.
76561198155919407,Recommended,230270,28700755,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RayTheTree,"N, N+, N++ combine like terms: N(N+N++) syntax error"
76561198099446369,Recommended,230270,25177449,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kapuツ,The ultimate stress-killing (or inducing) platformer.
,Recommended,230270,31710202,Posted: 12 May,all,henrique,Probably the best platforming game ever
76561198050916983,Recommended,230270,25140908,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Uubrman X,"Can anyone teach me N++ and N#?Oh yeah, game's good too."
,Not Recommended,230270,28673157,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Second Souffle,"Oh what an amazing game you wanna buy!Too bad it's probably not for you.PROS:- Probably one of the few hardcore platformers that get the physics right and natural, even compared to the so very famous Super Meat Boy (which, not gonna lie, sometimes felt like you're controlling a sportscar that could also jump and cling on the walls).- Two more reasons to call your friend for a couch ninja party (although considering how messy this game gets, it might be just one reason, and that's the race mode).- Headbands are back! Also, kinda limited ninja flavors.- Loads upon loads upon loads of (relatively) highly playable one-screen stages, each with their own gimmick.- An almost meditative three-hour soundtrack for your bullet-dodging needs.- Roughly three N games for the price of one, original color schemes included.CONS:- Despite the trailer claiming the game to be ""tough but fair but tough"", there's gonna be at least one level per episode which will make you think of the opposite. In fact, the farther you are in the game, the more hours you will spend on just one bloody screen trying to A) dodge a bunch of drones with barely traceable movement patterns, B) dodge a bunch of missiles, C) run away from deathballs who inevitably follow your path, D) dodge a ♥♥♥♥♥tоn of drones with barely traceable movement patterns, E) did I mention drones already?- The difficulty curve is pretty blurry and, to be fair, not as good as one would expect. It's indeed obvious that Metanet have put effort into trying to polish all ~2300 levels of the game, but even then...- Pretty questionable color choices for the palettes - so far, the most inaccessible color scheme is Console (unlocked way later in the game). It's even worse if you turn the visibility-enhancing outline off.- Considering how bumped up the difficulty of N++ is, compared to the sequels, it's kinda weird to not have mid-episode progress saving like the original N did. You know, that woulda helped.- The level editor still being quite disfunctional to use without a gamepad, even after the Halloween update.- The custom level hub is, in fact, more limited than Super Mario Maker. Like in that game, you're the only person online who can test your own bull level and once you post it on there, you can't delete it (it doesn't stay in the level editor for further fixing either); but unlike SMM, you don't have to actually beat the level in order to upload it (leading to a lot of babby's first levels involving instadeaths and other crap). Neither you can comment on these. Or heck, reporting those doesn't work either even though that's supposed to be a feature. Psh."
,Recommended,230270,25140804,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MrTea,"I've been playing this game almost every day since the ps4 release over a year ago. The community levels always give you a new challenge and will guarentee the game never gets boring. On top of the thousands of campaign mode levels and a full co-op campaign, this game has endless replay value. Well worth the £11! :)"
,Recommended,230270,30170512,Posted: 25 February,all,DropkickPenguin,"Absolutely fantastic platformer. Played hundreds of hours on N+ on the 360, this is just as good."
,Recommended,230270,25195143,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Asayhem,"Classics remastered.More color, more music, more levels, more awesomeness!One of the best games and truly a remarkable example of it's genre.++/10"
76561198036359325,Recommended,230270,25235980,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CakeCakeCakeCakeCake,"You guys, this game is really good. I think you should get this game."
76561198242692544,Recommended,230270,29589644,Posted: 30 January,all,jumpeplowski,Thanks for fixing the crashing issue on my Mac!
,Recommended,230270,25161062,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shredreu,"Buy it, it's amazing."
,Recommended,230270,25168263,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Archagon,"Finally: the quintessential version of the game I spent so many hours playing in my formative platforming years, back on its home OS! Pros: gorgeous graphics, lovely music, tons of content, global rankings, user maps. Cons: tweaks aside, it's still fundamentally the same game it was 10 years ago. Whether you see that as a good thing or not depends on how much you love the original. As far as I'm concerned, the price is a steal!"
,Recommended,230270,25315437,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ViolentBoo,"I loved this game when it was just a flash game. I loved this game when it was on the Xbox 360, and I love it now.Hands down this is my favorite platformer series."
,Recommended,230270,25342455,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,bl33d1ng,Just as good as the old flash game
,Recommended,230270,26838344,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seaworld,"wonderful learning curve, high as ♥♥♥♥ skill ceiling.A great challenge to any platforming aficionado with a slick graphic-designy artstyle to boot."
76561198000368069,Recommended,230270,27116770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adrienaline,"After the disappointment that was N Plus on the DS, the existence of this worried me. Fortunately, my fears were allayed very quickly.Yes, you can get a lot of the experience from the free game N, but this introduces new enemy types, a slightly more intuitive level editing and downloading system, and allows for co-op and competitive play, if you're into that. Plus it's not stupidly easy like N Plus was, Plus N is a completely unique platformer, that whilst hard as nails platformers are a dime a dozen since Super Meat Boy, this doesn't feel anything like it. And that in itself is an achievement."
76561198168992253,Recommended,230270,27348684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Extreme Rockice (Xbox&PC),"I really am disapointed not for the sake of the game but because my computer is filled with games and things making the game maybe 5 times slower than that of which it should be. Can you do anything to fix this? game with higher graphics can run way faster than this on my computer, so I can say it is possible to reduce the lag going on. I hope I get a response if there is anything you will try to do to fix this. I may get a refund, the game is unplayable. I can recomend due to my great experince with N+ on the xbox 360.Edit: After restarting computer worked fine :-)"
,Recommended,230270,27612955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ne0n_Winds,"Great, nostalgic platformer"
76561198065386640,Recommended,230270,28717216,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dan,"Awesome game. Difficulty reaches from super easy to ""pain in the ***""-hard, like we are used to from the first games.And already the first game of the serie kept drawing me back.It's the perfekt game for everyone who loves Jump-and-run and likes challanges."
,Recommended,230270,26755226,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tunloink,Yes.Yes.Yes.Its a really good and sometimes challenging platformer. There arent any bugs that I have found and its a good price since there are TONS of levels.
,Recommended,230270,26902552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jolly Rampage,"Played the flash game way back when I was little, probably one of my all time favorite platforming series."
,Recommended,230270,27093578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King of Norway,"I've been playing this game for 10 years now and the simple, challenging addictiveness plus the feeling of absolute joy and achievement when you ♥♥♥♥ing finally beat the level you've spent the last hour repeatedly dying on - there's nothing like it."
,Recommended,230270,27328209,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DamianKayne,I love this game and couldn't recommend it more.
76561198019206234,Recommended,230270,28003127,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,godlyweasle,Great game. Insane amount of content. Good difficulty curve. Acceptable amount of ninjas.
,Recommended,230270,28030221,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jesterfraud,"dead/10, would die again"
,Recommended,230270,28760296,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Backstabir_,i'll just say yes cuz i'm bad at making reviews
,Recommended,230270,28814750,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Good platforming action, I highly reccomend it. It's a lot of fun with friends, too!"
76561198392241969,Recommended,230270,32142505,Posted: 2 June,all,DJColourMafia,"Love this game, the simple controls and endless fun make it a great way to pass the time."
,Recommended,230270,25140455,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,rootfs.ext2.gz,"I absolutely love it. I've only played the Nintendo DS version and I can't really remember that one too well, but this game is incredible.* The controls are tight - for a platformer that has ""floaty"" controls, you definitely feel like you have a lot of control over your character, even with high momentum* The levels are creative and well designed- You can always play more levels from the online community* The difficulty is balanced - the game does get hard, but- it's never impossible- for ones that you feel are impossible, just leave it and go to another level* The soundtrack really helps you concentrate on the platforming* Game keeps changing up the enemies, so things never really get old* This seems like a weird thing to praise the game for, but you can actually change the colour of the game. I didn't think I'd like it but it's actually quite a cool feature.The only negative thing I can think of is that the community maps feel nearly impossible, but I guess that's because of my inexperience with the game so far. I can easily recommend it to anyone who just wants to kick back with a nice, challenging platformer."
,Recommended,230270,25174047,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,e.bkapalka,This is about as pure as platforming gets.  It has everything it needs and nothing it doesn't.  The execution couldn't be better
,Recommended,230270,25174902,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Glorious Führer's Butt,Game of the year/
76561198064238438,Recommended,230270,25175054,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nightscythe1847,"My precious little ninja went on an existential journey to find himself through minefields, lazers, bots that are angry at the poor little ninja, evil copies of the little ninja, and worst of all the god-forsaken doors. He finally found a part of himself an hour in... embedded in a wall after the last gruesome death. I hope my little ninja will find more of himself in his future endeavors, maybe an arm or a spleen, or even a couple teeth."
,Recommended,230270,25181571,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,THEWhiteWolf496,"Great GameLots of Premade Content.a great level editor.You can play other people's levels tooGood MusicGood Colour CustomisabilityCompelling Gameplay ""Just One More Try""AddictiveWorth the Money.N++ 9.9/10 - Platforming Perfected.Why did it take this long to come to PC XDThanks For Reading :D"
76561198248598570,Recommended,230270,25203611,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,vestbirkw,This game is honestly one of the most painfuly frustrating yet adictive games ever would recomend to anyone.
,Recommended,230270,25222421,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rideps,"Only done the tutorial so far.I used to play flash N a lot.  I had a lot of spare time in one of my high school programming classes.This feels exactly the same, but there's more to do and it isn't just replaying. Haven't found a reason to dislike it yet."
,Recommended,230270,25233688,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,J++,"Amazing sequel, improves on N+ in nearly every way (hopefully online co-op comes soon after). It feels so great to finally be able to play one of my favourite games on my PC. A must-buy for all hardcore platform fans."
,Recommended,230270,25242618,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galloc,"Such a fantastic game. I've been a fan of this series since the original flash release. How this game has been improved and supported over the years is crazy. And finally we have a non-flash version on PC. It's a great time to be alive.One minor gripe is the lack of online multiplayer, but I can see why it's been omitted. As the game can require it's players to be very twitchy, any latency could cause issues/deaths.All things considered, if you like tough as nails games that are not unfair, give this game a go. You will not regret it."
76561197968440501,Recommended,230270,26277814,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,zwometer,"Have you heard of N-Game? or just N?You haven't?Well lucky you... what do you do with all your time that you have not playing N-Game?When I was still in school like 9 years ago or something I was playing this game (the original flash version) so much that I didn't have time to study for tests which made my grades a little worse... a flash game.... seriously? I had hours and hours of fun with it and finally I can throw money at the developer's face without having to buy a frickin' xBox. Because after the flash game they released a version exclusively for xBox. wtf dudes? not even talking about the PSP release later.. why not release it for my dishwasher, while you're at it?so FINALLY they decided to bring it back to PC. Thank you.Let me try to explain why this is so much better than all the other jump'n'runners:Do you know that feeling, when playing a jump'n'run, that you can SEE the path through the level but you're not able to make that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ character move in a way that he TAKES that path? So it all feels like eating a frozen block of chocolate with knife and fork?Well... not in this game. When you come to learn how to control the ninja, you become the ninja! and you will beat extremely hard jump'n'run levels by walljumping into smooth af looking slides into perfectly timed landings. The most important part about a jump'n'run is the controls. they HAVE to feel good. and in this game they simply do. you feel like a badass doing these stunts and not like a cripple trying to cope with his frozen chocolate.That was the review for people who don't know N.for all the others:why didn't you buy it yet?they added local competetive and coop multiplayer.and visual stiles. and headbands. and leaderboards and whatnot."
76561198060584125,Recommended,230270,26892046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,innuendo24,"Just as tight and fluid as the original, finally the ultimate form of this game."
,Recommended,230270,32361595,Posted: 12 June,all,danyukhin,"This one is a great game. I love everything about it, and it's an improvement in each and every way. The series has been a huge influence on me since the days of the original flash version. A friend of mine crushed his Nintendo DS with his teeth after playing N+, I'm a bit more patient than that. I will conquer it one day. You should try it, too."
,Recommended,230270,33293735,Posted: 5 July,all,🆅🅸🆂🆄🅰🅻,"I liked it as a flash game, I liked it as a NDS game. But i love it as a pc game!I'm a graphic designer and i must say they did such a great job on the graphic style.Everything looks so clean and the color pallets look amazing. The controlls are super tight, if you make a mistake its you who made that mistake, not the game.There is alot of content here. including a level editor and user created levels to download. so endless platforming!"
,Recommended,230270,33402415,Posted: 9 July,all,MlgPanda19,Really fun platform game. It didn't look great but I'm really glad I bought it. There are thousands of levels and it's super cheap so it's definitely worth it.
76561198004345835,Recommended,230270,33619072,Posted: 17 July,all,Gray,"If you like your platformers, this is a must-have. Twitch-edge platforming at it's sharpest, most infuriating and most rewarding.If you've happened across N or N+, then you know what to expect - this is all that and so much more. If you haven't, then just know this is the best so far (and that's a very high bar)."
,Recommended,230270,25161459,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,AshField,"Better than the original, better than the sequel. Tighter controls and collision than any other platform. Beautiful simple visuals and a great soundtrack too.Takes me back to 2004."
,Recommended,230270,25187565,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Stark Raving Painter ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ ก็็็็,To any game designers out there:This game is game design porn.While playing I just keep on repeating to myself:This game is beautiful.
76561198097872878,Recommended,230270,25200390,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gyrodiot,"I discovered N in 2006. It was familiar. Move, jump. Oh, look, you can wall-jump... and control your velocity in the air. Nothing alien. But then, after powering through a dozen episodes, I hit a wall. It wasn't easy. I kept running into these drones. I took a step back. Watched the whole level, which fit so nicely in a single screen. I created a strategy. Tried it, refined it. Finally completing the level was more satisfying that with any other platformer.The gameplay is smooth. Only three keys. Minimalistic design, without distractions. Cool music. Awesome colors. Plenty of levels. N++ hits all the right buttons. Your main challenge isn't to go fast: it's to finish the level, and get all the gold. Speed is secondary to timing. That's why N (now plus plus!) is my absolute favorite platformer.Also you can crash into a wall, or the ground, if you go too fast. It makes so much sense."
,Recommended,230270,25555956,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ruetolo,Best Game ever. But still some issues with two xbox controllers or with full hd resolution on intel gpu.
76561198010775838,Recommended,230270,26915748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pablo esky bruh,"Does what every good sequel should do - kept core gameplay elements, yet expanded and innovated in almost every other area. Truly a great game."
76561198038567227,Recommended,230270,27290238,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Muad'Dab,"I loved playing the original game, and this one brought back memories while making great improvements"
,Recommended,230270,28168057,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MistaX88 [COF],"I've said before, with some games, the beauty is in the simplicity. All you can do is run and jump...or that's all you have ""controls"" for. Where the game shines is the physics and how your speed can have a huge impact. Simply jumping in place might not get you anywhere but now go into a full run and suddenly you reach new heights...but oh, that's still not high enough? Well, you can jump off walls, essentially ""wall kicking"" like in Super Mario 64, but you can also press against the wall and slowly drag yourself down to slow your fall speed. Need that speed for a high jump on the other end of the level? Well, perhaps there's a ramp that you can safely land on at high speed to divert your momentum rather than splattering on a flat surface.This is a game I didn't even know was in production. I played the original N (which is totally free from Metanet Software, so check that out if you're really not sure about this one) but I never knew they were working on a new one until I got an email sent for having an account on their website. N++ is everything the old N had and then some. The same familiar feel in a cleaner looking package, with more color options, more levels, and a huge soundtrack.When you are merely using 3 keys to control your character it feels greatly satisfying and fluid when you begin to master the physics of the game and pull off high speed wall kicks leading into other slick moves to gather all of the gold; which is something I haven't even mentioned yet! You have infinite lives, but each set of 5 levels are timed. The levels are just 1 screen and are full of traps, enemies, and gold. The gold increases the amount of time you have left and skipping too much of it may leave you without enough time to complete the last level. Getting all of the gold is generally the goal but it also allows you to essentially ""choose"" your own difficulty. Some of the early easy levels are very easy, but there may be a wealth of extra gold out of the way that you don't need to complete the level but you choose to get anyway for an all gold run. You always have the option to easily go back and play a set of levels over again. So if you don't feel you have the skills to do an all gold run, don't fret! You can always select those levels again right in the menu when you feel up for the challenge!Like the original N, N++ features a full level editor built right into the game, with access to all of the custom levels right in the games own menu. There are also leaderboards for all levels, even the tutorial and custom levels.If you like fast paced platformers, especially if you are a masochistic completionist, I highly recommend this game! But if you are not a masochistic completionist, don't let that scare you, you can complete the levels without doing all the difficult gold runs, but you may just start to get a bit greedy yourself!"
,Recommended,230270,28548874,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Takanu,"The best platformer ever made, pretty much.They took the perfect controls and devious simplicity of the previous two games and then polished it to perfection.  Fantastic audio/visual design, sharp vector graphics, tons of content and robust multiplayer and online level features.If you liked the original or 2D platformers then this is an absolute must buy."
,Recommended,230270,25139268,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Beylie,"Oh man, I wasted so many productive hours on this game back in the day. So glad this got released, didn't even know it was coming! Same smooth controls, same excellent levels, same RAAAAAGGGGGGEEEEE!!! Productivity killer indeed. Excellent fun! Well worth the money! Oh! The music isn't half bad either. Sounds like something TechoViking (youtube it) could have come up with.PS: Any holy crap! The new game mechanics are epic!!"
,Recommended,230270,28775715,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RHINU,"N++Phew, what a game. No seriously, this game is huge. You can literally play this endlessly.First off, there's more than two-THOUSAND levels included with the game, then there is the ability to play playermade levels online (and the amount of levels that already have been created is insane). And if you're still not dead by the time you've finished all that, there's even a very clear and easy to use level creator.Let's just have a quick look at the pro's and cons:PRO'S- Looks silky smooth and sleek- Pretty much any computer can handle this- The soundtrack is absolutely amazing- The controls, the physics, momentum, everything feels just right- Replayability, like I said, a lot of levels- There's a numberwang setting (You should probably be buying it by now)CON'S- ...I literally do not know. Normally I always have*something* negative to say, but this time, I really can't think of anything. This might change in the future as a further progress in the game, but I'll be honest, if you're into platformers, this is the game for you.I'll be sure to update this review as soon as I find a con to the game, which of course, there is, somewhere... I just have to find it."
,Recommended,230270,28813449,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zowhanflame,"Serously, If you like platformers, get this game. It is not lying when it says this is the best platformer ever. This has been my favorite platformer since n / The way of the ninja flash web game. This new take on the game is just as good as the original and probably even better. One might say it is ++ of the original."
,Recommended,230270,32333522,Posted: 10 June,all,Damian,"*plays n++*""♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS GAME""20 min later""im going to play n++"""
76561198106065545,Recommended,230270,25184006,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bumblefuck,"Pretty good game. Not as difficult as the first two though. As much as I enjoy this game I highly doubt there is as much playtime as the devs say there is. Still, as much as I like this game I see this as payment for the countless hours in school N game kept me entertained through. Keep up the good work metanet."
,Recommended,230270,25185191,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,spunky skeleton,"The best platformer i've ever played. Its easiest played on keyboard but if you want to play on d-pad its much the same. Its N but with miles more polish, so you could say its N++."
,Recommended,230270,25187103,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Da Busy World of Richard Scarry,"This game is really hard to give a negative review. It's a high precision, momentum based platformer with thousands of premade levels. This game is hard, it will challenge you and it will frutrate you. Despite all that, you'll keep playing it because the game is just fun to play.What I really love about the game is just how straightforward everything is. What you see is exactly what you get and you'll quickly know whether you like the game or not.After having this game for several months, I would recommend this game as a must have to your game library because of it's simple 'pick up and play' appeal. It's fun to play both for short periods of time or for those other times when you really want to drop hours in it trying to beat that one level to perfect completion.highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,230270,25187832,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Grandmaster Jimbo,"One of the only platformers that has come close to Super Meat Boy; it's a puzzle and a platformer at the same time, but not a puzzle platformer. Super polished, super relaxing, super frustrating. It's N."
,Recommended,230270,30130545,Posted: 23 February,all,SirPootis,"N++ is an amazing platformer game. Fans of Super Meat Boy and the like will enjoy its hard difficulty and the insane amount of levels the game has to offer (2,360 of them, as a matter of fact,not including user-made levels (!)). The physics can take a bit of getting used to, as N++ feels a little floatier than Super Meat Boy and other platformers, but gameplay is very fluid  overall. The pacing varies from level to level, ranging from careful and methodical planning to ""run-as-fast-as-you-freaking-can"", and resetting a level from the inevitable death or two (hundred) is almost instant. The art style is very crisp and not too busy for the eyes, and the range of colors that you unlock as you progress through the game give you something different to look at, which helps in changing things up and keeping the game looking fresh.To top it off, the soundtrack is perfect for a game like N++. The soundtrack is an assortment of ambient IDM-style tracks which all manage to pull off the difficult task of giving the game atmosphere while not being distracting at the same time. Also, as mentioned above, there are user-created levels for those looking for a challenge or something new. N++ also has a cooperative mode and a competitive racing mode (local only).For fans of the previous N games, this game is a no-brainer. This game is a must-have for fans of difficult platformer games. I highly recommend this game. 10/10"
76561198085857391,Recommended,230270,30140600,Posted: 24 February,all,jledv1,"I spent days and days playing the original N while I was supposed to be working on my thesis. Looking back, it's easy to say that It was absolutely my favorite game ever before I played Portal 2. One thing it has over Portal 2 is defiinite replay-ability. I'm not usually completionist on games - I like to beat the levels and move on. Who cares about finding little easter eggs? Who cares about posting better times? With this game, the additional goal of collecting all of the gold is just perfect - simple, sometimes easy, often infuriating.I didn't know about this new version until just now. So far, it doesn't disappoint in the least. I don't even need the co-op and race modes to make this game great, and I could just ignore them, but I'll probably give them a try. Other extra features, similarly don't get in the way at all. If I just want to play the (newer, more fun) puzzles as in the old game, I can do that."
76561197971163374,Recommended,230270,30360259,Posted: 6 March,all,moefugger,"What an incredible platformer. I cannot find any flaw or fault in this game. It's, at least in my eyes, the perfect platformer."
76561198130130936,Recommended,230270,31340731,Posted: 24 April,all,Railgun™,it worth
76561198073920106,Recommended,230270,31344341,Posted: 24 April,all,hit-and-run,Best local coop game ever.
,Recommended,230270,31363015,Posted: 25 April,all,Mrbebob1,i love it old and new
,Recommended,230270,31367012,Posted: 25 April,all,Gnossos Pappadopoulis,I used to play a lot of the original flash game and this is a great update. This is pretty much the same game but perfected and with tons of content. I'd strongly recommend it if you like difficult platformers.
76561198004533191,Recommended,230270,31868168,Posted: 20 May,all,adam,"Hands down one of the best games of all time and certainly one of the best platformers of all time. THOUSANDS of levels, level creation, editor, community sharing. Slam dunks all around. Get this now and then gift a copy to a friend as well. Neither of you will regret it."
,Recommended,230270,32162918,Posted: 3 June,all,spookycrab,good game. that is all
,Recommended,230270,33217396,Posted: 3 July,all,JoostH,"I died once, immediatly got 4 acievements. ""die during solo, die 100 times, die 1000 times, die 5000 times""There is an issue with the death achievements haha."
,Recommended,230270,33339379,Posted: 7 July,all,akme777,"Expands on the previous entries in the series, adding some new enemies and mechanics but keeping the same fun challenge. Awesome game."
,Recommended,230270,25139626,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,I'm playing Sniper.,"A sequel to the oldschool flash f2p N-game, I remember playing N-game back in 2008ish, it was an absolute blast and I've been waiting for a sequel like this one for so long. The first sequel, N-plus, was incredibly lacking, N-plus-plus is the proper release and sequel that N-game deserved all along.Arguably the best platformer there is and one of my favorite games ever, it's the perfect blend of delicate accuracy and fast-paced reaction time, relaxing at worst, rage-inducing at best >:3Be ready to develop some MAD SKILLSWorth mentioning, this game showcases the beauty of sensible level-design, the simplicity of the game makes it ALL about the levels which are wonderfully crafted with a learning curve enjoyable for the rookies as much as the veterans."
76561198153116909,Recommended,230270,25141146,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kitty40,Great game.
,Recommended,230270,25154085,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MR.27234,1 thank you for relessing this game on steam and for it being a rather good port its fun as can be just as i remember its just bad♥♥♥♥♥but i do wish the online fetures worked alittle better and i wish the alt skins where still in the game
,Recommended,230270,25174434,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ploycat,"I used to play N way back in 2005 and I'm super excited to see the game's return in such a glorious ""ultimate"" take on the concept. I haven't played much, but right now there's not much room for things that could cause me to retract my recommendation."
,Recommended,230270,25187734,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Not Legato,"More of a good thing here with more polish, a great soundtrack, beautifully stylised aesthetic and online leaderboards. Controls feel even more responsive and tight than in N. Big fan of the colour schemes as well, which was a nice touch."
,Recommended,230270,25190071,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nargubyte,"This is personally my favorite platformer of all time. If you're a fan of precise movement and utilizing momentum, there's a good chance you'll enjoy N++."
76561198120442574,Recommended,230270,25201262,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Armorgames,"After 12 years, these eyeballs still freak me out."
,Recommended,230270,25203789,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,foxracinginc,"I liked this game a lot when it was just ""N"" way back when on PC. I completely fell in love with it's 4 player couch co-op when it was ""N+"" on XB360 - and now it's finally back where it belongs - on PC - and it's gorgeous, it sounds great and it plays like... well, un-like anything else because games aren't usually crafted with so much attention to detail. If you have friends, and possibly a couch - this is a must have.One thing though: Where's my headband?!?"
,Recommended,230270,25241105,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Troy Mclure,easily the best platformer ever made.
,Recommended,230270,25242150,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Surphaze,The finest platformer ever made.  Think super meat boy x 50.  I like the very simple design making it possible to distinguish whats going on as things get more complicated.I've been waiting for it to come back to PC since 'N' was a free flash game.  They have definitely added some new ways to kill you over and over again.
,Recommended,230270,25348493,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,devyndamonster,PROS:-Lots of content-Great style-Easy to pick upCONS:-None
76561198026330985,Recommended,230270,27887577,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shmopong The Ultimate Demon,This is one of the most solidly built action-puzzle-platformers of its time.
,Recommended,230270,33532097,Posted: 14 July,all,danthemango,"I've played about 60 hours of it within the first week of purchase. Don't buy if you intend on having a life. Seriously though, if you liked the flash game this is all that and more. Music is also surprisingly good."
76561198041407176,Recommended,230270,25202391,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,eRikk.,"It's been a way too long time since the last N-Game on PC, you can just feel the nostalgia while playing this!"
,Recommended,230270,25212252,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,{kck} her3tic,"The best platformer I have played this year. Lots of level variety and they are right about the tough but fair part. I would recomend this game to anyone who likes hardcore platformers. Although they did have server issues the first few days, everything seems to be fine working now.N++ gets an A++"
76561198108986252,Recommended,230270,25216430,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,123,"This game extends upon previous versions of the game. Sleek UI, and customization features combined with a familiar gameplay from older additions. Veterens of the game with feel at home immediately while newcomers can climb onboard with ease."
,Recommended,230270,25242099,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Noo🅱,This game is just as perfect as the original.  Buying and playing this brings back the feels.  So much nostalgia for me
76561198078485660,Recommended,230270,25254014,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Snickety,"Extremely polished platformer, smoothest controls I've ever seen in a game."
76561198025354609,Recommended,230270,25259526,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jakubek278,"I used to play an original N back when I was a kid, then later N+ on my PSP. Now a ""new"" N++ on my PC, it’s still an amazing game, controls feels smoother but still the same. I only have a feeling that ""new"" N++ levels are easier than in original N and only difference is sometimes a difficulty to get all gold. But it might be just me getting progressively better with the game. DEFO a buy if you are a fan, otherwise just check free ""N"" first, caution! It can cause keyboard/controller damage from furious throws!"
76561198018902715,Recommended,230270,25309891,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,adzhioev,Will need new keyboard after this game.Highly recomended.ragequit/10
,Recommended,230270,25332577,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,lostdexter 【=◈︿◈=】,"N++ is a really solid game, directly improving on the original with added levels, and (a) new art style(s).However, for a game like this, I was expecting a bit more from the soundtrack.Also, I bought this with the intention of playing it on my laptop while I'm waiting around at my college for my next classes to start, however it has some fullscreen issues with a 3000x2000 display that may cause me to refund it, still undecided, though."
76561198257549333,Recommended,230270,25361212,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,VapourPhoenix,"A minimalistic platformer with a difficulty spike that speaks to an earlier time. Addictive, near-endless, and yet still feels fresh. A perfect pick-up-and-play that rapidly turns into hours."
,Recommended,230270,25586725,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,noob noob,"If you like platforming, get this game. I played the original years and years ago, and greatly enjoyed it. This just improves on it in every way, seems that every detail is sharpened.The platforming is difficult, but always fair, and the game is just downright addicting!"
,Recommended,230270,27043645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,トジ (Toji),Been playing this since it was just a wee flash game that made sticky keys freak out from pressing shift so much. :D Great game!
,Recommended,230270,27143547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squid™,"Final iteration of the beloved flash platformer N, and boy does it deliver. Tight controls, good level design, customization and more.My only complaints would go to the user interface as it is not very comfortable to use with mouse and has a few inconsistencies, especially in 1440p a lot of the elements are misaligned."
,Recommended,230270,27225699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZiZ,"Gold. A tiny ninja. (Phrased that way, it's a selling point to a very specific set of people.  But it is a tiny ninja.)  Death. Respawns. A highly consistent physics model and tight controls.  Amazing community content. Everything N ever was, but even better."
,Recommended,230270,27490658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThothXV,"N++ is the sequel to N+, which is the sequel to N. If you haven't played N, go play it now: it's a classic of the genre, one of the best things ever made in Flash, and it's also free, so you can think of it as the ""trial version"" of this game. The core gameplay hasn't changed at all.However, N++ is a complete improvement on the original: it takes everything that was good about N and refines it. The controls are snappier. The graphics are sharper. The collison detection is even more impeccable. The level design is better, and the new enemies are a joy a play with, as are the cooperative and competitive level sets.And the soundtrack. Oh god, the soundtrack: it is simply amazing. That is all.I would highly reccomend N++ to anybody who enjoyed the original N. If you didn't like that game, there won't be anything for you here."
,Recommended,230270,28404328,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ricarthal,"This action/puzzle platformer is amazing. It's N, only better. Which is awesome.The movement system is fine-tuned perfection. The official levels are the perfect mix of fun and challenging, with lots of unlockable colour schemes and headbands for various milestones. In N the level editor was fiddly and to play other users' levels you'd have to mess with text files - here it is all seemlessly integrated and levels can be shared and browsed over the internet without having to leave the game. Co-op is hilarious and awesome.Excellent game."
,Recommended,230270,28617700,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ImperatorOsiryx,"N++ is the best platformer I've ever seen. The jumping physics are actually very precise, and the levels are wonderful 10-second nuggets of platforming challenge. My only problem is the clunky, console-based controls of the level editor."
,Recommended,230270,28695294,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,"Ed, Edd, and E.D.","TL:DR - Hmm, did I make the wrong move getting this? I guess I'll just play for as long as the return policy allows me... wait, how am I at five hours already?!Full - This game is a great example on how to do difficult platform games correctly. Minimalistic graphics and electronic music aside, this game excels in two key things: controls and level design. The controls are the more interesting of the two aspects. At first I found them to be both stiff and slippery at the same time, and I thought that gameplay would suffer massively because of it. Thankfully, I was proven wrong, as the controls are optimized for accurate air control, which you will be doing a lot of. This brings us nicely to the level design, which while difficult [naturally], accompanies the controls amazingly. Any deaths that occur are on you and any inaccuracies on your input, instead of insanely BS level design (even if it seems like that); the way it should be.The game may be overtly difficult, but, lucky for you, you have unlimited lives. This allows you to run through the stages again and again to fine-tune your accuracy and speed, and maybe, just maybe, make it into the top 500 in the global scoreboards. Because of this, the game is extremely addictive: Be warned if you try to play this game within the return policy's limits [not that you'll need to use it here. :) ], you may run over if you really like it!Overall, I absolutely recommend this game if you need a break from the more complicated games available today, and just want to relax/rage/what-have-you with a simple to learn, but hard to master platformer.On a last (but unrelated) note, this game won an award in 2015 for the best Canadian-made Game. Even if you didn't know that, if you died on the tutorial stages, your first achievement is ""You Suck, but that's Okay"". This game truly is a Canadian's vision of a difficult platformer."
,Recommended,230270,28701600,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cynical Nerdist,"""A sign of a great platformer is when you put more pressure on your jump key than is necessary.Pressing the key harder doesn't make you jump farther. Now my finger hurts.""-NPlayed it long ago in middle school on the internet when flash was the shiz. Still holds up to this day with many new impressive and surprisingly intuitive, user-friendly features added in for polish.Brilliant."
,Recommended,230270,29216407,Posted: 12 January,all,Not the Messiah,"Amazing gameplay, amazing soundtrack. Genuinely a marvel of a game."
,Recommended,230270,29362686,Posted: 19 January,all,Shaleblade,"One of the most rewarding platformers in existence. No fluff, no gimmicks, just that euphoric feeling of getting all the gold and making it to the exit."
76561198043063806,Recommended,230270,29436615,Posted: 22 January,all,spudzalot,Grade A platforming and action.  Has a lot of replayability if you enjoy trying to perfect and collect gold in every single level.
,Recommended,230270,29518281,Posted: 27 January,all,•Sodium Bigboy•,"The original was great in my childhood and this next chapter has not disappointed.Pros+ The same beautifully simple to learn hard to master momentum-based controls+ Fantastic level design+ A load of new levels as well as a legacy section containing all the old levels from the previous games+ New (and delightful) enemy types/hazards to work around+ Great soundtrack+ Unlockable colour palettes (a big plus in my books, as unlocks hit a sweet spot in me, and having the option to customise and have the game looking how you want is brilliant)+ Simple and pleasing graphics+ Completionist points for collection all gold in a levelNot really a con, but a complication I've faced- One of the new enemy types is punishingly difficult to navigateI've completed about half of the levels as a returning player, and only a small portion of those have been 100%'d.As someone new to a game like this, expect at least 40 hours of gameplay, and much much more if you are a completionist.10/10An absolute favourite from my past has been re-worked into a favourite of today."
76561198019219585,Recommended,230270,29561578,Posted: 29 January,all,K.C.,Fastpaced and very relying on timing.It feels good when you get to a fast momentum and can keep it.
,Recommended,230270,31853267,Posted: 19 May,all,LunariarWarrior,Their best game yet
76561197997623131,Recommended,230270,32043932,Posted: 29 May,all,JayLoToo,+1 for Lilys reference.
,Recommended,230270,32095893,Posted: 31 May,all,9xyz,"I have played the original N like 4 times over already and to be honest, I may just end up playing this just as much too.Not only that, but there are some really interesting online levels too, from DDAs to rage-inducing.:thumbsup:"
,Recommended,230270,32196939,Posted: 5 June,all,Clowdy Howdy,"If you like platformers I think you're gonna love this one. N+ was amazing. N++ is beautiful. Great music, great visuals, and great variety in the levels. I really like how you can watch the ghost replays of not only top performers for each puzzle, but also the people around your score as well. It all can be very insightful if you get the urge to start perfecting some of the maps. I'd totally recommend this game. Very well made."
76561198069525376,Recommended,230270,32419064,Posted: 14 June,all,Jerry,"so, this game is gud. Better than super meat boi. but you will get carpal tunnel so yea"
,Recommended,230270,32875144,Posted: 27 June,all,|URA|Wrongkalonka,If you liked the first N+ this is the game for you!
76561197991042632,Recommended,230270,33491922,Posted: 12 July,all,Miryks,"Love the game, the only issue i have with it is that there is no online coop."
,Recommended,230270,25153668,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,D͞AN͢GÉRt̴oMAN͞IFO͞L͟D,"I was hooked from the moment I had to sacrifice myself so my friend could finish the level. Best platformer I've ever played. If you even remotely like platforming games, you'll like n++."
,Recommended,230270,25161173,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,tl0306,"This game is AWESOME!! It's just N but 2x better (hence the ++). With a really cool soundtrack, a lot of levels and community made levels, I think I will be playing this FOREVER"
,Recommended,230270,25175040,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dr Lannik,"I've played N and N+ for years now. When N++ came out on steam, I could not wait to give it a shot.Here is the sequence of events:1. Purchase and install, set to ""Launch game as soon as ready""2. Come out of shower, fire up the game.3. Grab old faithful Logitech controller. Syncs perfectly.4. Play all the 125 Intro levels.5. Move on to Legacy levels.6. Realize I'm standing, quit game and look in surprise as it says ""90 minutes played.""7. Had to write this review.8. 'nuff said."
,Recommended,230270,25200693,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,5upportive mother,"""ABSOLUTELY FAIR GAME, SUPER CONVENTIONAL, 0% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T"""
76561198295806270,Recommended,230270,25203334,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thelifewolf,I love everything about this game. It is so much fun and it has a balance of challenge and skill. Also it is hard without being unfair
76561198011540133,Recommended,230270,25218971,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,C O V F E F E,"I remember playing the old flash game and having a (really frustrating and rage inducing) blast with it back in the day. This game brings back that old nostalgia of playing a tight and polished minimalist platformer that seems like a lost art in this day and age. Basically expect the same game as the last N+ game, except with a kicakss soundtrack, achievements, and some new enemies/obstacles. As a fan and supporter of the olden days of the internet when things were much simpler, I had to buy this game and show my love for it. But you shouldn't buy it just because of that. This game is super polished and super stylish. You will be impressed even if you've played this series in the past."
,Recommended,230270,25251002,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Get Schwifty,"Brings back memories of N+ on the Xbox 360! Extremely challenging & fun. Hours of entertainment with 2,360 levels.Navigating the menus with a mouse/keyboard can be a absolute nightmare at times.Xbox One controller has a few issues with N++ constantly showing up as Player 2 this is a result of the mouse/keyboard permently assigned to Player 1.Besides the wonky controls for navigating the menus this game overall is fantastic. It's truly a shame that the developers decided to ditch the online multiplayer but nonetheless I'm still enjoying It.Worth a buy!Edit (4/9/16) controller issues have been fixed :D"
76561198027618641,Recommended,230270,25272092,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,<3Goose,"This game is exactly like N+ with a few extra added features/enemies/obstacles. If you enjoyed any of the previous games or even remotely like platformers like Super Meat Boy and Spelunky, this game is for you! Highly recommend playing N++"
,Recommended,230270,28988944,Posted: 3 January,all,DevoHearteyes,"I remember playing N as a 10 year old on my parents crappy Windows 98 PC. I'd play for HOURS enjoying the smooth, addictive gameplay. When I heard they metanet made N++ for Steam, I instantly ran to my computer and bought it. No regrets - It was incredible 9 years ago, and it's incredible today. Ridiculously fun, smooth, addictive gameplay. I love the new music / themes. If you're looking for a sick pick=up-and-play game, get N++."
76561198153292198,Recommended,230270,29881412,Posted: 12 February,all,ZaeCathe,"PLEASE NOTE: This game will make you rage, as it takes skill and patience to beat. Skill takes time, dudes, and this game capitalizes on skill.A loving tribute to the ""N- The Way of The Ninja"" series. This started as a simple flash, and grew into this. As one of my favorite flashes in school, I had pre-obtained skills. This game is extremely hard at times, though, and timing is key. Be prepared to hit the quit button sometimes, but don't push it and rage quit.9/10"
76561197969098901,Recommended,230270,25140039,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sheepzz,"Wow. I loved the original and this is just as good, if not better. The new stats info is great and a big  smile came onto my face when the shadow ninja's started chasing me :)"
,Recommended,230270,25140716,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BugattiBlue,"I've been a fan of the N series for about 7-8 years now.  I've played the original N, N+ on DS, and N+ on Xbox.  I've enjoyed every single one, though I haven't beaten any of them.  I've been consistently impressed with Metanet's ability to create thousands of unique levels that always pose a new challenge to the player.  After a few episodes, it seems N++ is as good or better than the last 2 games.  Like N+, it took everything we loved about N, streamlined it, and added new content that adds to the challenge.  Speaking of content, you're getting quite a bit of it for your $15.  This game will last you a very long time.  So buy it.  And kiss your GPA goodbye."
,Recommended,230270,25152990,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dot one,Best self-improvement platformer of all time.
,Recommended,230270,25153465,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,scottm,Excellent level design & perfectly refined controls. Platforming at its best.level editor + crossplatform level sharing = near infinte replayability
76561198001114880,Recommended,230270,25153522,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Arnos,"It's like the first game all those years ago, somehow made even better."
,Recommended,230270,30565431,Posted: 17 March,all,Stranger Siren,One of my favorite falsh games as a kid is now this flawles platformer we see today.
,Recommended,230270,31348915,Posted: 24 April,all,rubberducky1100,"DEFINITELY NOT FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT... I'd love to be able to change controlls for controllers not just keyboard....Anyways, tons of fun with friends"
,Recommended,230270,25162765,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,K[A]NE,Ahhhh those memories of breaking arrow buttons on my keyboard
,Recommended,230270,25173821,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MadatoMatic,This is the best version of N.
,Recommended,230270,25185041,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zyphyr,"Absolutely incredible.  N++ harkens back to a time when games were simply games.  There's no cinematics here, no flashy graphics and no convoluted skill trees and unlocks.  Some may find that to be a negative.  To me, unless I'm playing a RPG, I don't want story.  Simplistic graphics are elegant and take away all confusion which leaves you with nothing but your skill standing between you and the goal.  Which brings me to my last point.  There's no unlocks or upgrades here to help you compensate for your lack of skill or experience with the game.  If you want to ""git gud"" at this game, then you will have to play it and actively improve your platforming abilities.Factor in many levels and the ability to create and share your own and you have an incredible value for the money.  Platforming fans, it's [redacted] Christmas!"
76561198029887092,Recommended,230270,25211916,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Valectron,"I played the first ""N"" years ago and loved it.  I remember buying ""N+"" on the xbox 360 and put hundreds of hours into the game with me and my friends.  This one is no different.  Don't let my time on this fool you.  I played the PS4 version for hours on end and had to purchase the PC version.  It plays and feels just as good as the PS4 version and the previous titles.  If you enjoyed them, get this.  You won't be disappointed.The only issue I have is the lack of online multiplayer that was available in N+ (albeit buggy, showed people dying when they really didn't, and bad unless it was with friends in the same state).  I'd like to play with friends via net multiplayer in the future."
,Recommended,230270,25214833,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TyranoMike,Fantastic momentum based platformer - literally thousands of levels to play through. Controls are fluid and it does the best thing a difficult platformer can do: when you die in the game it feels like its your own fault not a fault of the game. Levels are fast to replay - just hit one button and you're off again.A fantastic value at 15 dollars.
76561197983732123,Recommended,230270,25250572,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gilben,"Spent dozens/hudnreds of hours on the original N, glad to pay for this updated version back on the PC. Features out the bumhole, presentation slick as hell. Worth the price easily if you're a fan."
,Recommended,230270,25254668,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,「cute gay lil twink」,"I remember playing this game back in 07 on the xbox 360 arcade, and god did I have a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing time back then.Thats why when I heard this was out on steam, I started ripping out my hair screaming in joy, with high expectation for this game, and I am humbled to say that this game has FAR PASSED my expectation for itI started up the game with so much joy, and immedietly started playing, it was so nostalgic and amazing and I don't even know how I can describe my happiness with it, but lets get to the actual pros and consPros: As pointed out in the release trailer, its got a lot of NOs, Its a down to buisness game that you can just start with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t whatsoever, and difficult, but fun tracks that you can get straight to at any time.Its map share system is 100% free, and is expanding by the day. Map creators can go into the easy to use map creator and make their map, and easily share it with just the click of a button. People can then go to the map sharing browser and pick any map and download it, with just the click of a button, and best of all, its not DLC, its a standard part of the game, insuring that you'll never get bored when you complete the base maps.For a game that was just realeased, there is reletively no bugs that'll crash your game, or interupt your gameplay (The first update was just fixing some hotfixes from being pressed when you were in game or so it wouldn't bother you)Cons: For some people, It might be a little ""too"" fast-paced, and you might wanna play something else before this.Otherwise, I don't really see anything else, it perfectly matches its genre, with challenging levels that will insure fans of the genre to be having fun for a very long time. I may be a bit biased, but its for a reason :P"
,Recommended,230270,25280098,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,1wsx10,"second day i have owned the game, already got the achivement for 1000 deaths"
,Recommended,230270,25339701,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/NarWhat (Live!),"I've played the original N for years now, and I'm really happy with how N++ looks.  I've spent 3 hours on record, but I've probably played about 20 on my laptop so far, and it's usually when I don't have WiFi.  Honestly the mechanic of having unlimited tries is really what keeps me in the game.  It's challenging enough that you'll never be able to play for a couple hours without dying constantly, but it's still fun enough that you'll laugh at some of the ways you'll die.  There are the occasional landings where you hit the corner and just bounce away, but that's part of the experience.  I honestly couldn't ask more from the dev team (except mayyyyybe they could get a mobile game going?!????)"
,Recommended,230270,25342532,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Xarn,"N, but even better.However, be prepared that there is no steamworks integration, so your finished levels won't transfer themselves from one PC to another, which is disappointing."
76561198048244832,Recommended,230270,25353098,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,anchovypaste,"Really good job with this game metanet. I've played my fair share of nv2, but it was definitely time for n to upgrade to a more modern game. It plays more fluid, looks much nicer, and adds a few really cool features and enemies. But, it does this without changing the core mechanics of the game. The top 20 leaderboard and the competitive/chill vibe that this game has allows you to play it regardless of your mood. You can casually play meta-levels, user levels, go create a level, or if you're up to it you can sink a ton of time into one level to get a leaderboard spot, which is pretty satisfying. I still have yet to run into a bug, aswell. The soundtrack is also amazing, consisting of some chill DNB and low key EDM.Take notes, COD; You don't need to copy halo/mass effect to make a good game"
76561198307897353,Recommended,230270,25354076,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,N_,"Okay, so I have been having issues with this game. Its an amazing game, and yet it ran incredibly slowly on my laptop. (this is with a gtx 950 and a i7-6700). then i ran it in windowed mode and everything worked. Aside from that and a few oher glitches, this is one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,230270,26315303,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sir.Edlin,Love IT!
,Recommended,230270,26341554,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,gameandtype,The greatest platformer of all time.
76561198027742476,Recommended,230270,26365777,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,geonik500,Very good
,Recommended,230270,26843000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,i_d_i_o_t,More of the classic N gameplay if you played the previous ones this one is the same.  if you want a challenging platformer this is for you.
,Recommended,230270,26892533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ⓧ,"If you have played N or N+, this is those but better.Tight controls and a different-but-intuitive platforming system, that elads to magical chainging of jumps and runs.It really is worth the low asking price."
,Recommended,230270,26919617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BBNZ_PowahSerg,"Still fantastic gameplay, updated with what seems like a billion levels, a new soundtrack and heaps of new features like new colour pallettes. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,230270,26947340,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WeirdPG,Super Fun yet super hard.Has a good level editor.Nuff Said
,Recommended,230270,26967801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heartview,"Ahhh the N series... A hardcore simple-concept platformer that brings back many memories from playing n v1.2 during class, racing against some old friends to be the first to beat all the levels without ragequitting and destroying more keyboards than our allowences would allow for replacements. For anyone who did play the first version of n and are looking to reminice, good news! N++ is very much more of that plus some shiny new features to go along with it. If not, read one, but first, Pros vs ConsProsSimple platforming controlsSimple and clean graphicsHuge number of levels (2300+)Built in level editor + built in userlevel browsingLeaderboardsFantastic musicConsUI is slightly messy, difficult to navigate with mouseN++ is another, and apparantly the last entry in a momentum based platformer series that predates a lot of the other 'hardcore-hard' platformer games out there and it hasn't lost a bit of what makes the game good over the past 12 years. The premise of the game is that you are a ninja, ninjas like gold, and ninjas only live for 90 seconds in the absense of said gold. The narrative, like most of the rest of the game, is simple, and non-distracting.The gameplay revolves around playing through a series of episodes, each containing 5 levels while only having 90 seconds to complete each episode. However, scattered around most of the levels in each episode are gold pieces that when collected add 2 seconds to your available pool of time to complete the episode. In most cases the gold is optional, but if you want any hope of competing on leaderboards you will need to collect as many if not all pieces along side of nearly perfect executing.And on the topic of execution, this game executes its simple gameplay masterfully. The movement is all momentum based, from running, jumping, and jumping off of walls/objects. Beating a level without keeping your momentum is possible for the most part, but the game really shines well when you try hold momentum for the entire level, while collecting as much gold as possible and not getting pommeled by any of the enemies (or slamming into any mines). Reaching max running speed takes a bit of time, mistiming jumps off of walls will reduce momentum, and most of your air control happens before you ever leave the ground. A very fine tuned system that offers a very high skill ceiling for people willing to shave milliseconds off of their level complete times.A system that is complimented well by it's level design. Every level takes place in spererate rooms that are all the same size, though the total playable area in each of these rooms can be much smaller. While not really offering anything amazing to the 2d platforming arena in regards to level mechanics, the wealth of available levels along with the difficulty of many of the later levels make up for it. Most of the levels follow a simple, less is better approach in that there is rarely a situation where you can not see how to complete a level before ever even starting it. With the exception of hidden mines and trap doors all the levels come down not to blindly attempting doors or jumps and instead urge you to focus purely on how you choose to execute it. That said, players will sometimes be rewarded if they can exectue perfectly timed jumps and high momentum moves with shortcuts or extra gold.Graphically the game is consistent in keeping with its simple themeing, but with that said, a lot of the themes seem too bright and or have too many clashing colors, but this is of course coming from someone who is used to playing the standard dark gray on light gray theme from the first game. No fancy textures, no crazy lighting effects, just simple, minimalist, and clean cut colors to comprise the floors and walls of each room you will find yourself in.Musically the game is fantastic as well, featuring a pounding drum-n-bass soundtrack that goes well with its gameplay. I actually wish there was an option to buy the soundtrack as well.The built in level editor offeres for even more playability after completing the 2300+ levels including in the base game, though the editor is still a bit wonky, espeically compared to the one from the original game, though all the tools are there and it is still possible to make all kinds of brutal levels to punish the rest of the players with.To summarize, N++ is another solid entry to the n series, offering way more levels than previous games, but still retaining that clear, simple-yet-hard gameplay approach that made this series what it is today. And the developer support for the game is strong to boot."
,Recommended,230270,27026274,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sevenkplus.g,Bought a new laptop and spent one afternoon finding crash fixes for this game.
,Recommended,230270,27186683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Museace,I've died a few hundred times in this game and I'm ready to die a few thousand times more.11/10 Mechanically intensive gameplay
76561198015336226,Recommended,230270,27514158,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Goreman,best game
,Recommended,230270,27586603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pidgeon,this game is really good
,Recommended,230270,27705507,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iron Hunny,This game is better than No Man's Sky.
76561198115046591,Recommended,230270,27719612,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[LYF]Hugo Stiglitsky,Really ♥♥♥♥ing good!
,Recommended,230270,27863273,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,zksteffel,"If you've ever played the original N (the flash game), buy this, no question.If you enjoy challenging but fair platformers, buy this, no question.Shoot, I'd recommend this for anyone that enjoys games in the slightest.The devs set out to make a ""definitive"" edition of the N series, and they certainly have done so."
,Recommended,230270,27995758,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chordus,"If you like challenging platformers, you will like this game.  That's all there is to it.  The N series is exactly what it needs to be- it doesn't focus on fancy graphics or multitude of enemies, it's all about level design.  I've played well over two thousand levels, and I can count on one hand the number of levels that were poorly designed."
76561198039379191,Recommended,230270,27996765,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fudziyama,Played a lot this game since it was released in 2004 on flash. Fully complete N v.1.3. With each new version this game become better and better. For now i want to say two things: it's wonderful platformer and brilliant game.
76561198116241427,Recommended,230270,27999256,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tessaract2,"♥♥♥♥ this game! I love it so much, but ♥♥♥♥ every single level!"
76561197968504478,Recommended,230270,28134489,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,raThcoM,"This game is amazing. I didn't think it would be possible, but it is BETTER than the original. Every element has been polished to perfection and the gameplay is phenomenal. A MUST BUY."
76561198092621649,Recommended,230270,28152005,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nanomerce,Best Platformer.
76561198152158203,Recommended,230270,28764707,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nolalaska,Best controller throwing simulator ever. 10/10
,Recommended,230270,28813112,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tmeeks | gamdom.com,over 2000 levels nuth said
,Recommended,230270,28892779,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,krellator,"Definitely worth it on sale. Quality platformer, had a lot of fun with this.Most of the challenge is optional, coming from grabbing all the gold in a level or objectives unlocked after beating the last episode.Some levels can become doing the same thing over and over until you get it right, if you like that sort of thing."
,Recommended,230270,28960683,Posted: 2 January,all,Trash,"Remember that little ninja game everyone played at school, it grew up and became even better!"
76561198143901204,Recommended,230270,28978647,Posted: 3 January,all,TheKingsWit,It's like Mario and Dark Souls had a ninja baby.
,Recommended,230270,28996678,Posted: 3 January,all,Temper Error,Thanks for bringing the Mac version for N++. Now to relive those moments where I would fail and keep trying.10/10 would fight against rocket launchers again
,Recommended,230270,29235442,Posted: 13 January,all,Google Murray Bookchin,Amazing platformer. It is the only game where my hands are tired from death gripping my controller due to the stress this game gives.
76561198038810441,Recommended,230270,29310940,Posted: 16 January,all,punished qed,This game is P E R F E C T. Everything you want from hardcore action-platformer and even more. I've been a fan of this game series for a long time and it never faild to deliver. Worth every single penny I've paid.
,Recommended,230270,29724504,Posted: 5 February,all,SatGill,"If you played N or N+, then you know what you're getting yourself into! This is a game that will keep you on edge. It could take a few minutes or a few hours to unleash your inner ninja. The co-op mode is a treat when you have a buddy to play with but what stole my heart was the race mode. Grab a couple friends, connect your controllers and have some fun with gold collecting!"
,Recommended,230270,30138246,Posted: 24 February,all,buch,Still good even after 10 years. :^)
,Recommended,230270,31351586,Posted: 24 April,all,topdog864,If you love N+ you will love this
76561197969441860,Recommended,230270,32188678,Posted: 4 June,all,GUNDM,"If you were a fan of N back when it was a dinky flash applet, this game is for you.If you've never played N but love punishing platformers with extremely tight controls, this game is for you.It may seem a bit pricy at $14.99, and if you're on the fence you may want to wait for a steam sale. But I did buy it at full price and I will be happily playing this game for years to come. You can jump in for a few minutes or a few hours or not play the game for years, and all will be well.Glad to support the developers who have kept N all this time."
,Recommended,230270,32225303,Posted: 6 June,all,Hatless,"I might be a bit biased since I've been playing this game and its previous installments for years, but it's one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. It's very unique and definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,230270,32428126,Posted: 15 June,all,finn_,"A completionists nightmare, in a good way."
76561197998710555,Recommended,230270,33325479,Posted: 6 July,all,Skyleaf,"Really cool game, great coop! If you suck at jump&runs, get this game! (Cause once you are done with it you won't suck anymore :))"
,Recommended,230270,25221126,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bonsewswesa,"One of the best platformers around, when it goes well your movements feel amazing and look great in replays and there's a ton of levels (not including user-made).+ Enough content to keep you sated for a month+ Great soundtrack that keeps the mood calm+ No ""Use a controller because we're too lazy to test keyboard controls on a PC game"" splash screen+ Visual style/UI is very matter-of-fact+ Replay system/Main menu death-replay feed+ Default ""reset"" button is Ctrl+V, I don't know why I like that- Your hitbox is slightly larger than your character, hitboxes for items have inconsistent sizes- Cannot reset level when dead to reorient yourself- I've been forced out of retrying levels several times due to the ""continue to next level button"" being the jump button- Some of the levels become tedious/irritating when there are large chunks of gold just dumped out of the way or put somewhere obnoxious, not all of the 1075 solo levels can be gems"
,Recommended,230270,25308165,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Juvell,"Great game, and my support requests were answered quickly :) Definitely recommended"
,Recommended,230270,25316107,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Syberiyxx,I love this game. Sweet simplicity. Easy to pick up and play for 5 minutes. Timeless
,Recommended,230270,25350212,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MIDIManNI,"The platformer sequel to N+ in the making for 6+ years. An estimated 1,500 levels in various modes and a little stick character that you will see explode more times than you can count and yet you will still come back for more...The included editor is simple and allows for an essentially limitless supply of user-created levelsThe controls are very intuitive and precise which is definitely required in this gameYou will try and retry some of the game's most difficult stages...The co-op and race levels should make for an interesting option although I have not tried them as yet.Loads of new color schemes to allow for greater level customisation and a truly fabulous electronic soundtrack that will get the pulse raised.N++ is a modern indie classic...!!!"
76561198037393879,Recommended,230270,25405616,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Shill,Good one.
76561197997927151,Recommended,230270,35183555,Posted: 24 September,all,nbilyk,Ninja thumbs worn out.
,Recommended,230270,25140973,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,sythys,Worth its price twice³.
,Recommended,230270,28400464,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Strike 4 Blubby,10/10 Would Play Again
,Recommended,230270,25191347,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,FatBoyGangster505,when i play this game it doesnt let me sprint i dont know if its a button i am supposed to press but when i move my character goes really slow compared to when i watch people play it online
76561198084784498,Recommended,230270,25216989,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vinegarstroke,frustrating as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,230270,25215036,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Thorn,The best kind of platformer. The music is outstanding.
76561198076565136,Recommended,230270,25166230,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Gutmust,SUUUUPERRRR momentum BOOOY
76561198051313994,Recommended,230270,25234573,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cagey Bee,"I tried to write something good, but could not stop foaming at the mouth.10/10 would foam again."
,Recommended,230270,28342866,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sarutobi Champion is Gulpit,"10/10 for a PERFECT recall to my childhood.and PLUSPLUS.12/10-  With level editors, but without Steam workshop.-  Still not adapt strange wall jump feel after the original n 1.0.-  Remove the rockets plz :(."
,Recommended,230270,25152131,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Windrider37,"It went from a Browser game, to console on the Nintendo DS, and Now It's awesoem that it's returned on Steam. it does an excellent Job of Teaching you how to manuever, and perform tricky jumps, and solving some of the harder puzzles is a Joy. They even Included Level Editing, so people can keep making their own and sharing them. a great game for the price, and well thought out...they certainly had alot of time to perfect it after all!"
,Recommended,230270,25161928,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Richard Hammond,"Beautiful, amazingly fun platformer."
,Recommended,230270,25275821,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tumbolisu,"I played the original N games years ago and allthough they were free, I must say that this here is definately worth the money."
76561198032713733,Recommended,230270,25584013,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Raptorz,"I've always enjoyed the N series since playing the original flash version back in high school. If difficult platformers like Super Meat Boy are your thing, then you should probably pick this one up"
,Recommended,230270,27015743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xyyx Slugcat,"A classic masterpiece of platforming purity given new(new) life, N++ gives you the golden combination of fast-paced platforming, scaling difficulty, quick restarts, and short session time. The only downside? Ninja customization is out in favour of colour scheme customization, something I consider a significant downgrade from the previous entry, N+.Still on the fence? You can play the original game N for free!"
,Recommended,230270,29454279,Posted: 23 January,all,Ninja_Muffin2.4,Get this if you enjoy video games. This is pure quality gameplay
,Recommended,230270,25197829,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,theironpaw,"The original N+ Game is aviable for free online. I remember playing the offline DRM free copy back in highschool in Australia we also installed the expansion and it was shared around the school. I am happy to say the feeling for this game is exactly the same those 10 years ago. I am also glad I can finally give the developer a good review and money for all the hours I have spent beating these addicting levels.Interesting enough, this game was one of the supporting things that got me cirious about game development. 1 thing lead to another and now I teach game dev and work on small indie titles.Thank you very much for all the fun and hours you have put into the world of N.I highly reocmmend this game. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,230270,25164384,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jphilips,"it's n+ with tigher controls, a pleasing aesthetic, and an assload of content."
,Recommended,230270,25153776,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Altair22,Probably the greatest platformer ever made....plus plus
,Recommended,230270,25399551,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,The Duke,"N has been available for a long time (since 2004 I believe) for free on the internet. It's a fantastic game and if it's your type of game you can easily sync hundreds of hours into the title. It is not for everyone though. Most platformers have a sense of progression, a going from point A to B if you will. You are trying to rescue the princess or defeat an evil presence. This game however is much more....Arcadey in its approach. There is just a crapload of levels and aiming for highscores is encouraged. It's not so much about beating the game but doing as well as you possibly can. The backbone that makes N such a joy to play however is its movement system. It's really built around building up momentum and maintaining it in order to make improbable jumps and landings. It takes a little while to get a hang of but once you do it's the best feeling platformer of all time in my humble opinion.So that's N. If you have your doubts about it its free to play in your browser right now! Just Google N the Ninja and you are good to go.But if N is free is it worth paying money to play N++? Absolutely!Think about it this way. Imagine you are  in class and Prom is coming up. There's a nerdy chick in the class who is kinda cute and has a great personality but she wears glasses and her hair is always up in an unattractive bun she has braces, wears a frumpy jumper etc. But she invites you to the Prom and you are like, yeah sure fine. It won't be too bad you guess. And then you show up and your jaw hits the flaw. This girl looks absolutely stunning in her dress, her hair is long and shiny, her braces are gone, she looks like a supermodel now! You just can't believe the transformation! You just can't stop pinching yourself about how lucky you are to be at Prom with her!That is what the difference  between N and N++ is. N++ is just a more polished experience than N in every way imaginable. The game looks beautiful in its minimization. The music fits the game amazingly well. The levels are more refined and there are more of them.Which isn't to say that it's a perfect game. Most of the problems stem from the reality that it's a PS4 port. So for example the game won't run faster than 60fps for those of you with high refresh monitors. Or the built in level editor is more built around a controller rather a keyboard and mouse. But just like when you get this girl home from Prom and strip her naked you find a small pimple on her bottom are these small blemishes really going to stop you from enjoying yourself? Are you really going to regret your decision? I really, really don't think so.So if you enjoy the game N do yourself a favour and take it to the damn Prom already. You really won't regret your decision. Just buy it!"
,Recommended,230270,29402281,Posted: 21 January,all,dances with woolite,"This game is freakin' great. I played through the the free game and N+, way back, but this is the best version for sure. N++ is so damn hard!! But it's also fair:- The controls and precision are exemplary, some of the best ever- Every level is deterministic, so you can really practice your route- The difficulty curve is nicely done, and the game teaches you tricks as you play through it- The level design is often brilliant and there's tons of variety despite the fairly modest number of mechanisms in the game. Students of ""game design"" will enjoy N++ at an intellectual level.- Even the super hidden crazy challenges are all carefully thought out, so you're always confident it's possible.It was a blast to get good at the game and to move around in the hyperdangerous levels like a ninja. I unlocked Mysteriousness (and did a few secret challenges), which was enough for me, and it took 48 hours of game time (though that is an overestimate since I had to leave the game on mid-episode while I did something else a few times). There's probably at least double that in the game, if I really wanted to punish myself. :)Downsides:- There are a couple of great songs on the soundtrack, but a lot of the music felt a bit too sparse/repetitive to me.- I don't like re-treading ground, and it's definitely possible to get yourself stuck by playing to the last level of an episode but not having enough time left to finish it. (I did this on E-19, which was quite annoying.) The fact that you can't restart an episode is part of what draws you in and punishes you into getting better, but IMO the game shouldn't let you get *stuck*.- I hate rockets!- On Windows it doesn't seem to work if I unplug my joystick and plug a new one in while the game is running. This was a practical issue since I broke one playing the game (!), and then needed to switch to keyboard controls to not lose my progress..."
,Recommended,230270,25268564,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,J-SP-R,"This game is great, both for old fans of N or simply people who are interested in a very pure action-platforming experience. If you've played the original flash game, you'll see a lot of improvements both in visuals and gameplay mechanics. Circles actually behave like circles now!I do have a few minor gripes with the game, however. The biggest one is the many levels that contain gold-grinding. Thanks to the new achievements and scoring systems, having to grind all the gold coins in a level to get a highscore/achievement can sometimes be very boring. Sometimes it's actually a challenge, yes, but other times there are levels that have massive fields of gold where there's no real risk of dying, yet it takes ages to get all the coins.Also most of the colour schemes give me a headache.I'd still definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes dificult games and/or action platformers."
,Recommended,230270,30222172,Posted: 27 February,all,SuTRex,The best of the best. Time killer. I AM NINJA!!
76561198079944273,Recommended,230270,25767947,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,How2art?,Buy a backup controller.
76561198004565666,Recommended,230270,25684465,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,brickey.8,"I sunk countless hours into the original N as a kid, and this sequel is basically all of that, but with the load times gone and lots of cool new enemies and features. The core gameplay is exactly the same though, which is just fine.The game's controls/player physics are among the best you will ever see--you move fluidly and intuitively. It allows both for easily performing cool acrobatics and for some extremely difficult advanced manouvers, and makes speedrunning a blast. And turning a fatal fall into a speed boost by landing on a slope just feels right.There's lots of neat palletes to unlock, a fully functional level editor, and a huge number of well-designed official levels in the campaign. What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,230270,25695705,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,irvlt.,"If you've ever played the original N or its successor, N+ then buy this game.It's pretty much a more polished N+ with tons more features and kickass ambient music.I've played a bit of N+ on the 360, but mainly stuck to the PSP and DS ports, and both are fantastic experiences.But seriously. Get this game if you have a sweet spot for arcade/platformer games.****9.5/10****Maybe inject some good ol' N+ vibes in there, so like a theme pack or something.That would make this two times as good."
,Recommended,230270,25720089,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,CalSeeYum,"It's just like N from the glory days of flash games, but bigger and better.Like, ""level creator possibilities"" bigger and better.Now go ninja. You know you want to."
,Recommended,230270,26094720,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Undying_Soul,"Death, full of death. Splat, boom, zap, kablam, bzzzz, blood spewing from my stick-ninja. I likey. N++ is a really fun and addicting 2D platformer, I really enjoy playing each level, even though it gets extremely frustrating at times, the payoff feels nice. The only problem is, somehow I cannot play the co-op part of the game with 2 steam controllers. Oh well, it is really fun!"
,Recommended,230270,26151694,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hokabuki,"Good continuation of the series. However, it lacks steam cloud and online multiplayer."
,Recommended,230270,25972367,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[DbS]Amazing_Mr_Hedge,"I spent hours and hours back in the day playing N, the free Flash game that preceded N+ and N++.  For that alone I would have passed some money the developer's way, but N++ is definitely worth it by itself.  It's a tough, unforgiving platformer in the mould of Super Meat Boy (or vice versa, given how old N is).  It has a peculiar momentum-based approach to platformer (screw physics!).  Once you get the hang of it, you'll be performing incredible walljumps and near-flying around levels.  There's a huge amount of levels to play; 9 hours in and I've barely completed half of them.If I have one complaint, it's the adjustment in approach from N.  In N and N++ you have gold which you can collect to extend your forever-reducing timer.  In N, you had to go out of your way to collect gold to give yourself enough time to complete episodes (sets of 5 levels).  The only question was on which level you were going to divert to make sure you had enough time for later levels.  In N++, you can complete every episode (that I've played so far -- including several in E, the toughest category) without worrying about the timer.  You collect lots of gold easily on your way round, and you never have to worry about the time.  The gold is just if you want to get a high-score.  I can understand that this is a new approach: always completable but you can go back for high scores, but it means an episode is just an independent set of 5 levels. I miss the tension that the timer added in N.Still, recommended if you like games that kill you brutally every 2.3 seconds, but after one button press you're up and running again.  This time, you can avoid that mine. This time, you can jump over the missile.  This time, you got killed by a machine gun. But next time, next time was the mine. Then past the mine, but killed by the missile. Then the mine again. Then the machine gun once more.  Next time though, next time..."
,Recommended,230270,25258249,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,OlliKnot,10/10 lost my sanity
,Recommended,230270,25231155,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CHOSEN 72ONE,"eh I only played it for a few hours, but it seems pretty good.lol jk I've played it over 100 hours this game is addicting, aggravating, wonderful, the greatest platformer of ALL TIME!!!"
,Recommended,230270,25222663,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,President Camacho,"Even more perfect version of an already perfect platformer in my opinion, great for short bursts, vast amounts of value for less than 20 dollars, and the levels work great in single player and in co op. The soundtrack is also amazingly trippy. If you have money to drop on full price video games, there's no reason why you shouldn't buy this one."
,Recommended,230270,25154750,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,CrispyPie,"Gameplay- 10/10N is a very hard game. there are a thousand and one ways to die, and you will die very often. the gameplay is simple, get to a switch, activate a door, and and get to the exit. but there are shadow clones, lasers, homing rockets, homing robots, turrets, and a whole slew of other things that can easily kill you. You also have to complete an entire episode withnin an extendable time limit.Graphics- 9/10N goes for a very appealing minimalist style. It uses solid colors, bold lines, and simple shapes, which is very appealing. You can also change the color palette. Although, some colors the palettes use are very bright. So bright, it feels like they're burning you're retinas.Controls- 7/10The controls feel very floaty. The Ninja Man has long hang time, and he slides a little bit before he comes to a stop. This means a lot of deaths because you either overshot a jump, or hit some hazrd because The Ninja Man just didn't want to stop.Sound- 9.5/10The soundtrack in this game is pretty good. All of the music selections go for a techno-pop type of feel. It sort of reminds me of the music they would play during the Adult Swim bumpers. The ambient noises are nice to listen to, also. From the beeps and bloops of the murderous robots, to the pitter-patter of The Ninja man's feet when running, to the snapping of all his bones from a long fall, most of the sounds aren't too grading on the ear.  But one sound that definitely IS grading the sound of picking gold up. That sound gets pretty annoying, expecially if you pick up multiple pieces in rapd succession. But that's more of a nitpick.Gameplay Value- 11/10The gameplay value of this game is fantastic. I did the math. You get 225 episodes, and each episode has 5 levels each. That's 1,125 levels to play. You also have achivements you can get, and user made levels. That's insanely good value.Story- N/AThere is none. Well, there is, but it's only a wall of text. The story takes a backseat to the gameplay, so I didn't even botherOverall- 9.5/10N++ is an insanely fun, simple, difficult, and addicting game. Sure the controls are floaty, but the all positives greatly outwiegh that one negative. And you get an extremely good deal. For 15 dollars, you get 26 achivements, and litteraly over thousands of levels to play. If you love the platformer genre, N++ is one game you don't want to pass up.(p.s If 15 dollars is too much for you, or you're still not too sure, you can always try the free flash version, ""N"", online. You don't get as many base levels, but you still get a level editor, and user made levels.)"
,Recommended,230270,25171793,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,slowbro,Buy N++Don't be stupid
,Recommended,230270,25172312,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Spec,"N++ is easily one of the best games I have EVER played. It's smooth, fast paced, challenging, frustrating but fair. THOUSANDS of amazingly designed levels to play. Great colors and even better matching music. Should be 60 bucks instead of 15. Get it, now."
,Recommended,230270,25172682,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dotzo,"The original flash game was amazing.  N+ on the x-box marketplace was amazing, it was one of the two games I really played on x-box near the end.  N++ is all of that AND MORE.  So much game in here, more than worth it."
,Recommended,230270,25162281,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DoktorMetal,Absolutely great platformer! Bought it without knowing much but the original N-Flash game. Loved that game back then and this new installation is just great!
,Recommended,230270,25171781,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SmilyT1,N made me into a man.N++ made me into a Korean.
,Recommended,230270,25172052,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cooliex,"Was a huge N+ fan on 360 and was extrememly happy to find out that N++ was coming to Steam. If you love platformers I highly recommend this game. What makes it even more fun is the level editor and being able to play levels from other people. Believe me, most of my hours go into creating my own levels for my friends and others to play and testing out other peoples' levels. So what are you waiting for? Buy it already ^_^"
,Recommended,230270,25199097,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pat Hawks,"It's a great game if you have little windows of time here and there. You can pick it up and put it down without needing to remember where you were next time you come back to it. That said, you will probably end up sinking some serious time into the game when you hit that ""Just One More Try"" stride.The levels are quite well designed, and there are some pretty sweet community levels as well.I played this several years ago on the Xbox 360, and I am glad to see the game finally come to Steam. THIS is the definitive version of the game! If you have played it before, you will appreciate what they have added here."
,Recommended,230270,25183012,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,n1ch,Great sequel for amazing flash game.
,Recommended,230270,25157268,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DX,thx god
76561198069719042,Recommended,230270,25793571,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lost Renegade,Brings back a lot of memories
,Recommended,230270,25199515,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hawk,It is good game. You jump as a stick and flotat ona the bloxks
,Recommended,230270,25155829,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,craftycommando,"The best platformer ever. Like everyone else here, I played the flash versions in the early 2000's . I also played it on ds and XBLA. Glad its finally on steam. Love  the customization. Not a fan of the new art style changes."
,Recommended,230270,30843326,Posted: 30 March,all,Kimen,"I really enjoyed playing with my nephews (5, 7 and 7 years):Graphics: 01/10Game Design: 100/10Enjoyment: 1000/10Overall: No jokes. This game is a Masterpiece."
,Recommended,230270,25136818,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Coos,It's perfect.
,Recommended,230270,25136894,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,birthnight,"N++ is a masterpiece in all areas.The controls, visuals, music, sound, and overall style have all been tweaked to perfection. I can't write a full review right now because my hands hurt from playing and I have to go play more. Do yourself a huge favor and get this game. It's well worth the full price, and right now it's discounted 20% for the launch. I'll revist this review after I experiment with everything (coop, level editor, race mode, etc.)It's tough, but fair - but tough."
,Recommended,230270,25139604,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Wazup92,"I received an email saying this game will be released on steam and with much cooler features and so on. The moment i saw that email. i instantly went to my laptop and purchased this game. It brings so many memories, and it has been actually really fun so far. LOTS AND LOTS of maps to play and challenges to entertain you for long time. BEST GAME EVER."
,Recommended,230270,25167518,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shadow (Best Mercy),"I really love this series, I've played the games for years and I genuinely think that N++ is a huge step forward from previous games. I haven't had too much time to play due to having to focus on school and work but it's easy enough to play for a just a little bit at a time and pick it up later due to how the levels and ""episodes"" are seperated. However - and this is a pretty big issue in my eyes - N++ does NOT currently have online multiplayer (it does have local co-op). Metanet has said many times that they are working on online multiplayer but due to the fact that they have a small team and a limited budget it doesn't look like they will have online working for a while."
,Recommended,230270,28022918,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Saaausage,"If you like geometry dash, then this is for you.It looks amazing when you get a perfect run on a level, but its not usually too hard.11/10 for Ninjas."
76561198209143909,Recommended,230270,30686262,Posted: 23 March,all,ybwenc,Very hard game with precise movement that's very hard to achieve. Really good and hard game.
76561198025080303,Recommended,230270,30898074,Posted: 2 April,all,poho,"Best game ever! No kidding, I am playing N, N2 for last ten years and N++ is all what we ultrafans was waiting for. Thanks!"
76561198014114006,Recommended,230270,31466782,Posted: 30 April,all,No problem.,"If you're into games that are actually difficult becuse they have been well designed, have a learning curve and take some time to master yet are still incredibly fun to play, and also include some awesome in game music... This is the one for you."
,Recommended,230270,33860143,Posted: 28 July,all,MrGoldenApple,Lots of levels. Fun momentum based platforming. Good music.
,Recommended,230270,31690401,Posted: 11 May,all,Ash,"Holy frick, the nostalgia"
76561198105708873,Recommended,230270,31482550,Posted: 1 May,all,lil pineappl,10/10 would get to the end of the level and die just for that last coingg ez 6000th place
76561198043337185,Recommended,230270,25234211,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Saotorii,"Pretty dank game, reminds me of my childhood. Soundtrack release at some point hopefully?"
,Recommended,230270,27582664,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,クールな数学のゲーム,:)
,Recommended,230270,28283844,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,sassafrasaxe,"N+ was great, but this is even better.  For people who like dying hundreds of times in Dark Souls, this is your game."
76561198022617265,Recommended,230270,25336590,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,圣母白莲花,Much easier but less challengeable than N+.
76561197972370664,Recommended,230270,29531142,Posted: 27 January,all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"Fun, if mindless. A little overpriced. My guy moved in slow motion, but this was fixed by turning off vertical sync in the graphics option."
,Recommended,230270,30384776,Posted: 7 March,all,±,but the game and enjoy getting frustrated.
,Recommended,230270,31309029,Posted: 22 April,all,CANDN,its good
76561198135812730,Recommended,230270,31690397,Posted: 11 May,all,Chris,"The best version of this game in my opinion, lots of levels and ideal for completionists.lots of community levels and an awesome soundtrack, a must have for every platformer fan with a fable for simple artstyles and challenging short levels with a high pace.You really get a lot of game for your money, totally reccomend 10\10"
76561198071766565,Recommended,230270,32733404,Posted: 24 June,all,Tango,Hardest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,230270,25158662,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,痛い痛い山手 farmskins.com,"You thought you escaped your abusive father Super Meat boy ? Well guess what your mom is just as abusive , 7/10 best game would like to be abused again"
,Recommended,230270,26705607,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TheGreenBeagle,"Too much rage, not enough action"
76561198090952594,Recommended,230270,28818362,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Woodland Cipher,GG
,Recommended,230270,30621614,Posted: 19 March,all,Cirom,"The king of precision platformers has returned to PC! The threequel to the N series, N++ takes the momentum-based brilliance of the first game and just.. refines it. You will die, you will blame yourself.Also there's like 2,000+ levels WITHOUT the user-generated content, so there's that.EDIT: Okay so they apparently DOUBLED THE LEVELS what. Make that 4,000+ now!"
,Recommended,230270,31028803,Posted: 8 April,all,NicolasNagger,"This game is actually perfect, verything works smoothly. The level editor works great, if you like challenging games this is for you. There are 2,360 main levels and over 20,000 online levels, I don't think I will ever get bored.    10/10"
,Recommended,230270,28565160,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Luke,logical conclusion to videogames
76561198116400643,Recommended,230270,29216119,Posted: 12 January,all,nlhunter,its good but i like n+ texturse please add a dlc that you can toggel in the options for free adds no new entites please
76561198028926524,Recommended,230270,29433376,Posted: 22 January,all,gbullx,"Believe the hype! Buy this game!Bar none, the most rewarding (and on occasion, frustrating) platformer on the market. Incredibly responsive controls. The smooth inertia-based movement does take some getting used to, but the implementation is stellar. And once the controls are mastered, it's a thing of beauty.The satisfaction of perfectly executing a series of moves to get the gold or complete a level is a feeling that's unmatched in any other game I've played.This is easily the best entertainment value that you'll find anywhere. Worth every penny, even full price.An awesome experience, I recommend it to everybody who likes a good platformer. N++ is the best true platformer on the planet."
,Recommended,230270,29434011,Posted: 22 January,all,Wizard Lizard,"As a revamp to one of my favorite platformer of all time, this is a welcome sequel.Needs online multiplayer though.10/10"
76561198125318923,Recommended,230270,29555772,Posted: 28 January,all,bloodthirsty,"If the title is n++, then adding a plus to a plus would make the plus worth more, so its n times 2, which brings us to the product, which is a much simpler title, nn. boom, logic"
,Recommended,230270,31529988,Posted: 3 May,all,6reat,"a game where a ninja tries to get all the gold, because he is greedy and dies right before the exit anyway.the mines will get triggered"
,Recommended,230270,33270225,Posted: 5 July,all,wuTz,Why did i just find this now? N was the game of my childhood!Glad to see it back and glad to pay for this crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥Wonderful!
,Recommended,230270,29550078,Posted: 28 January,all,combine,"you: super meat boyme, an intelligent gamer: N++"
,Recommended,230270,28748074,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,w3stracer,"and when you think probably that's the hardest level, there's always level 4"
,Recommended,230270,25964298,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Husk,"I loved this game when It was just a flash game on a site i dont even remember anymore, and I am so glad it was made into a full game. Whoever made level E-01, level 4 is a♥♥♥♥♥♥though"
,Recommended,230270,26011477,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,cherrycokeman,That's Numberwang........lets rotate the board
76561198352670053,Recommended,230270,29882366,Posted: 12 February,all,Ag1t4t3D,"It's good. It's hard, but it's good."
,Recommended,230270,31289753,Posted: 21 April,all,o0Rh0mbus0o,1: Harvest anger2: loop above step3: Distill anger into Satisfaction through repetition.
,Recommended,230270,29897242,Posted: 13 February,all,askrzyk,yeah it's okH GOD HOW DO I STOP DYINGalso the soundtrack is 10/10
76561198143655138,Recommended,230270,26049586,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Neck,"A fine platformer, has the best of everything from N and N+ and more. Also the colour schemes are absolutely gorgeous.It's ♥♥♥♥ing hard though, the fustration it causes is probably bad for the health. Especially the user levels. Why do I keep playing it."
76561197972065181,Recommended,230270,26113882,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CornDogStick,Love it! This game IS art!
,Recommended,230270,29860152,Posted: 11 February,all,Flynnpunzel,this game makes dark souls look like second life
76561198043850208,Recommended,230270,31299003,Posted: 22 April,all,Maugrim,I was playing N and i finish it.Now i'm playing N++ and already enjoying it.I only wish that the co op could be playable online.
,Recommended,230270,30862375,Posted: 31 March,all,Freshwater Shrimp,googy stuff
,Recommended,230270,25228539,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BooRadPrime,"Slick, colourful, and downright addictive with *just* a hint of gore thrown in for good measure, N++ returns to the PC to destroy the finger dexterity and keyboards of a new generation. If you fear the possibility of a robot revolution, or always wanted to be a ninja thwarting said robot revolution, look no further. N++ 4ever!! Thanks Metanet!"
,Recommended,230270,25224417,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Parfjon,♥♥♥♥♥be good.Seems like a lot of care went into it.♥♥♥♥♥♥be good
,Recommended,230270,25231378,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Horse Yogurt,"This game takes everything that was good about the original flash game, and turns it into a package of platforming bliss. The objectives are simple, the controls are a combination of responsive and weighty, the enemies are intuitive, yet deadly. All of this put together in the developers' hand-crafted level designs creates some incredibly satisfying gameplay. For perfectionists, levels attain that Hotline Miami-like rhythm: run, jump, die, restart, do it a little better each time, iterate, iterate, succeed. For the more difficult levels, it can feel like an accomplishment to just figure out how to complete the level, let alone actually performing those actions.On top of thousands of these levels, there's much more content that's better left untalked about (check all those secret options in the options menu, it's a rabbit-hole of content if you are persistant enough). Additionally, the game contains a level creator and browser, so you can make and discover tons more creative and challenging maps. This is all backed by six hours of trance-inducing electronic music, the repetition being appropriate for this type of gameplay.To me, this game isn't just a game, but a way to present an example of a perfect platforming system. There's nothing I'd want changed about the mechanics, nothing that I feel another game could do better in this genre. I heartily recommend trying it out."
,Recommended,230270,25223595,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,PFIP,its damn diddly good
,Recommended,230270,25224279,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[REDACTED],"After spending countless hours playing the original N and not owning any device capable of playnig N+ I finally get to play another N game and it is pretty much perfect. Definitely worth the multiple years i've waited. Smooth controls, thouands of levels and even a level editor, i'm going to spend a lot of time playing this."
,Recommended,230270,25229999,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Triple M,Get this game! So much content for so little money! Never have I been impressed with the amount of content on release until I ran into N++. I have over 20 hours on this game after buying it LAST NIGHT :D. If you are a platformer of ANY kind and like skill based games this is your deal of a life time! Plus plus my friends.
76561198227755868,Recommended,230270,32478062,Posted: 16 June,all,HElp,"I've always loved the N franchise, I found out about N+ through the Xbox 360 arcade and I immedietly loved it. I wish i knew this one came out sooner. What's sad is I just finally beat the DS version of N+ and I haven't beat N yet and now I have to complete this? lol thanks for everything and especially for making my life harder. I would recommend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,230270,28965329,Posted: 2 January,all,Senseless~,Should be called Rage++
,Recommended,230270,26169828,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Punny Bunny,"Flawless controls, wickedly evil levels (especially in co-op...survive 45 seconds in a tiny hellish room while your partner flails around!), and an enormous amount of content. Back it up with gorgeous minimalist graphics and a thumpin' soundtrack, and you've got a real winner on your hands."
,Recommended,230270,26253238,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Wioll,"really loved the first one, this one is deffinitly a true successor and i cant believe the big youtubers arent reviewing this.Adding the headbands is fantastic addition and couch coop is a TON of fun. Love this game."
76561198025331540,Recommended,230270,25992549,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SneakyTT,"I know this game has been around for a long time, but I only just heard about it.It's very hard to convey the feel of the game by watching videos - you just have to experience it for yourself. It's pure platforming joy - and pain as you're stuck... and then euphoria when you finally get through a crazy level....The brutally hard levels remind me of old school games like Miner 2049er on ColecoVision, where I recall being brought near the point of tears trying to beat the later levels.But it really is the feel of controlling the ninja character - very unique. And the vast amount of levels are all expertly designed.I love how you can just get through a level without getting all the gold - and sometimes that's hard enough - but that leaves open the future challenge of having a perfect run through the level. You can choose how far you want to go each time.Absolutely one of the most impressive games I have played in a long time. In a way, it's so good that it almost feels like a game you'd play in a dream, and then when you wake up you wish it was real... but in this case it is real!"
,Recommended,230270,26256640,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DethMasta,The only thing I missed from the old game was being able to change colors and bandanas...the lastest update added those
,Recommended,230270,30678841,Posted: 22 March,all,Miasima,Sheer nostalgia!
,Recommended,230270,33165177,Posted: 2 July,all,Kary,its a good game
,Recommended,230270,30956255,Posted: 4 April,all,TriggerHappyPsycho,Cheaper than a ♥♥♥♥♥Lasts longer in bed(playing on a laptop)Get it.
76561197970705636,Recommended,230270,28878536,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,Never feel safe picking up gold again.
,Recommended,230270,28894159,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,devilinmynoodle,Member?Member when this game came out on the PSP?Member the game size was only 27mb?Member all the rage quits?I MEMBER
,Recommended,230270,25161546,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Faceless King,One of the best platformers finally on steam10/10 would jump into mines again
76561198105675184,Recommended,230270,30777268,Posted: 27 March,all,Erels,GOLD. GOLD EVERYWHERE.
,Recommended,230270,25173324,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Greet Death,BUY MEOW!
,Recommended,230270,25174078,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Techbane,"There's no online multiplayer, if that was a deciding point for you. Otherwise,YES"
,Recommended,230270,29769608,Posted: 7 February,all,Last Caress,"Really, really cool game. The music, atmosphere, movement and everything else flow together so well. I didn't spend a lot of time with this game as I'm just no good at them, but if this is up your alley, it probably doesn't get much better."
,Recommended,230270,30331535,Posted: 4 March,all,Dogrzz,"Now is probably the perfect time to buy this game with the new Ultimate chapter.i absolutely love this game, and i definitely recommend this if your like me and played a hell alot of Super Meat Boy."
76561197977747224,Recommended,230270,30759783,Posted: 26 March,all,nopoet406,"Note: I don't know why it says I've only played this for 11 hours - I keep getting server problems which might be to blame. I have also played this for about 20 hours on the PS4.If you play this game, you will die. You think you died in Bloodborne? You think the bosses in Dark Souls 3 can kill you in a couple of hits? Lol. Just lol. People complaining that other games kill them too easily have never played N++. This is a game so nightmarishly difficult that, according to websites which track Steam achievements, no-one has obtained some of the achievements in N++. No-one. Worldwide. And it's the same on the PS4.This does not mean the achievements are ""exclusive"", it means the game has been designed in such a way that people simply cannot get them, which is poor design - what's the point in having achievements nobody can actually achieve? If you try some of the later levels you may well find some of them impossible, or simply too annoying. The maps with lots of ""evil clones"" of your character in particular are very frustrating. Some maps are so overloaded with moving things that I start feeling migrainey and struggle to ""understand"" the map. Missiles are no longer the only things that will kill a skilled player.If you liked N+ and have waited impatiently for a sequel, this is its bigger, badder brother. The way each element is employed in N++ results in a tougher and longer experience (although including N+'s maps seems like a cheap way to claim ""we have over a thousand levels"").The physics seem a bit improved, but realistically, I find they don't make too much sense, and you can die in unexpected ways, such as hitting a ramp at speed (which will either kill you or save your life). The annoying bouncing boxes with their weird effect on your jumping are still present. I'm quite good at the game (although far from a world-beater) and have got pretty far, and I reckon at least half of all my deaths have been due to the weird, annoying physics, which can cause the controls to be unresponsive for a split second and your ninja to move in unexpected ways. Clipping a wall with your feet does this a lot. Your ninja is not particularly nimble. However, if you thought the way momentum works in the original Super Mario Brothers was superlative, you will love the physics of N++. (Cue someone pretending to be a physics professor who will elaborate on how ""accurate"" and ""convincing"" the game is.)Note that nothing else in the game is affected by the physics, so you still see rockets performing super-tight turns which you will never match, and the reload time for a new missile is still less than a second.There are a ton of secrets in the game but I think most people will miss nearly all of them. You can unlock a super-hard swathe of maps if you complete every single level in the game, although again, most people will have given up far before this point. Not every map or episode has walkthroughs on Youtube if that's your bag, so again, you lose out. I am led to believe that some of the ""secrets"" are simply harder versions of existing maps, and if that's correct, is it really worth bothering with?The map editor is a bit overwhelming, I didn't find it nearly as simple or intuitive as N+'s, but if you can harness it, you will be able to make some truly stunning efforts. A pity there appears to be no real management of user content online as most of the maps are simply impossible for the average (or even the good) player. It would be brilliant if there was an option to play or download easier episodes, so you can just kick back and have fun. Still, you can make some genuinely fun stuff for your friends. I haven't uploaded anything yet so don't know if you can do an episode, as you could in N+.So why am I giving this the thumbs up? Well, I'll go on record as saying at least 75% of the maps range from being quite enjoyable to downright amazing to play. The sheer scale of imagination, when the game is actually built from very few components, is stunning. Even the moronically difficult maps, the ones which bring your enjoyment to a crashing halt, are so well designed they border on genius. I can overlook the sometimes questionable physics and the weird momentum quirks if the maps are fast-paced and exciting enough. Playing with friends, even if they just spectate, can be hilarious, and defeating a particularly trollworthy map feels epic beyond belief. Easy maps can make you look like some kind of genius player, and for all the bad luck you'll have, the occasional snatch of brilliant luck can make for a superb replay.Tl;dr - flawed, occasionally super-hard well past the point of deliberate trolling, but extremely fun, engaging and exciting, with a very powerful level editor. It's the perfect way to kill a spare ten minutes. Or two hours. Just mind those missiles."
76561198067484569,Recommended,230270,30112139,Posted: 22 February,all,LoaFi,Fun and addicting. give it a try!
76561198045481037,Recommended,230270,29940083,Posted: 15 February,all,Mos,If you like N+ you will like N++!
,Recommended,230270,31306481,Posted: 22 April,all,Suriranyar,good gaim
76561198058828212,Recommended,230270,30092240,Posted: 21 February,all,Valentine,"UPDATE: This was a thumbs down review, but I changed it to a thumbs up because the developer actually took the time to read my review and reply to me. We need more developers in the game industry that actually care what the community thinks. Kudos to you man!I was on the fence with this game.I played the first N+ for hours and absolutely loved it. Now that I've played this game for quite some time I will try to point out the main differences that I see and feel in the game as quickly as possible.Controls:-Jumping is inconsistent at times-Games seems more slippery(ie sliding into bombs when trying to stop)-Good news is you can jump on pointy geometry nowObjects:-Missiles have a tighter turn radius, which was just annoying in my opinion-Bombs are bigger and have a active/inactive state to them-Bouncy Blocks are WAY different from the first game. Different point at which to jump to get maximum liftHit detection: This part I think is what frustrated me the most, apart from the controls not being consistent. I found that the top of your character is not really the top of your character.  It's almost as if your head doesn't count as part of your body. This is nice for some levels, but more frustrating than it is helpful.  You can no longer graze a switch with the top of your head and have it activate. Your movements need to be more explicit when hitting time and switches.Collecting Time: I found myself never needing to go after time which made the game easier than I was hoping. I can only remember 1 time when I NEEDED to get some time or I wasn't going to complete the level. Most of the challenging parts of the levels you can skip because they involve collecting time that your really don't need.  The only reason to go for it is to get higher on the leader board.The developer did include the legacy levels from the first game in this one which I have to commend.Overall it's not a bad game, its just different from the first game in ways that are frustrating more than challenging and fun.I would recommend you buy this game on sale if you want a challenging platformer."
,Recommended,230270,25154778,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ktl_q,cyberninga inception atmosphere for nearly ten (million) years now
76561198052487504,Recommended,230270,25172834,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Annogram,Nice just as fun as the origional
,Recommended,230270,29912875,Posted: 13 February,all,MLG POTATO,FINALLY FIXED IT. You just have to go to your control panel and ununstall it then re-download it
76561198068832656,Recommended,230270,25166349,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Seivar24,"This is a simple little game that can be alot of fun you just have to be careful, and since it has custom levels you can have endless fun! just like mario maker or happy wheels there are infinite possibilities!"
,Recommended,230270,25156718,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,svero,"Great platformer. Unforgiving and difficult, but worth the stress."
,Recommended,230270,25158801,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TRΞMΛN,Sexy game
,Recommended,230270,25158384,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,mitchellfuntimes,"Very, very good platformer, difficult to play, put fun when you do it well. I wish it had Mac support, so I could play it on all my computers, but still a very good game."
,Recommended,230270,25158803,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,-xX{LPG}Xx- TamedBeard,"Such a great game, great build on top of the original flash version. Controls feel smooth and levels are quite a challenge. Love the new enemies built in and can't wait to see what people do it. Overall I would say an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,230270,25158907,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Squid,"Undoubtably one of the best platformers ever made. N, N+ and now N++.  You will die again and again and again... yet love every second of it.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,230270,25159705,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lord Sparko,"Oh man.  Hundreds of my childhood hours were spent on the original, classic version of this game.  And this version just makes me love it more.It feels just like the original, but BETTER.  All the controls are the same, the physics are practically identical, and pros from the classic version can still show off their stuff in this version.With some new enemies and obstacles also, it puts a fresh twist on one of my all-time faves."
,Recommended,230270,25167792,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,madsquid,It's the greatest game ever.
,Recommended,230270,25175528,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SWEER POTATO,"If you've ever thought to yourself, ""Gee, a 2D-platformer version of minesweeper would be awesome!"" then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,230270,31296690,Posted: 22 April,all,TheGamerFox,THISGAMEISLOVELY
,Recommended,230270,31291504,Posted: 22 April,all,jamesspidercat,The best platformer I have ever played
76561197974770053,Recommended,230270,31292262,Posted: 22 April,all,Big Shooter,This is the best pure platformer on steam.
,Recommended,230270,34722388,Posted: 3 September,all,sclews,fun and hard
76561198040823957,Recommended,230270,25167576,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Belgarion,I've been playing the first game for the past 10 years during my lunch breaks. Very challenging at first but the skill ceiling is so high that the game feels extremely rewarding when you finally master it. This game is a rabbit hole. Absolutely recommended.
76561197968638954,Recommended,230270,25136510,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RastaFagian,"Played this game countless hours after school growing up with the neighborhood friendsI love you but make me love you more and give us online play so I can play with my grown up now friends.Great game to pick up for this price if you like local co-op nontheless, and single player.Map maker is ++ improvement"
,Recommended,230270,25162749,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bowman,It's fun
76561198113103313,Recommended,230270,25137435,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,GaudyGumdrops,"I loved this game since I played it as a young child so many years ago. I must have put hundrads of hours into N+ on the PC. It's the kind of game that, if you only gave ten minutes between classes, you can play quick and put down again.The ability to make, share and play your own levels with friends is really what makes this game something special.Worth a buy."
,Recommended,230270,25160810,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DeepFriedZombie,The momentum physics makes it feel like you have to learn how to 'flow'. Its also brutal.
76561198087562108,Recommended,230270,34820531,Posted: 8 September,all,friendlynieghborhoodblackman,If it had multiplayer would be a perfect game
,Recommended,230270,31283443,Posted: 21 April,all,pedro,It's the best platformer I've ever played.
76561198072438843,Recommended,230270,25162163,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,surprise♂motherfucker,mazing！！！！
,Recommended,230270,25154179,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Destructor RPH,They polished an all ready polished game. Outstanding game.
76561198041842498,Recommended,230270,25181931,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pooltastic,"Makes you feel like a total dimb♥♥♥♥♥when you fail, but a total bad♥♥♥♥♥when you succeed!"
76561198051551321,Recommended,230270,31497284,Posted: 1 May,all,PoOPer,"Good game, but after two dozen of levels the immersive gameplay transforms into annoying pixel-preciser."
76561198093501289,Recommended,230270,31290803,Posted: 22 April,all,thomasf,great!
,Recommended,230270,31303309,Posted: 22 April,all,nature n'stuff,"I really like this game! It's just like what N+ was back in the day.However, without online multiplayer, this game is NOT worth $15.Wait till it's on sale like I did."
,Recommended,230270,25136350,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,manic221,N++ is platforming distilled into its purest form. It is fantastic but it hates you and has no problem killing you over and over again until you get it right.At this price i'd recomend it to anyone this is a lot of game for not much money.Played this on PS4 played the original flash version on PC and played a little N+ on Xbox 360.
,Recommended,230270,25154136,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,iobg,I'm not very good at this game
76561197995646072,Recommended,230270,25154248,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,the_asset,The latest reincarnation of the classic N platforming game with a delightful minimalist aesthetic.
,Recommended,230270,25155474,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,shabbledoo,Excellent game. Improves on the already great N+.
,Recommended,230270,25215777,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shabbro96,In2005 or 2006 when i first got adsl i loved flash games they were so fun and i met N the way of the ninja it was my first parkour style game and i was playing it till 2015 i have played this game since it is N 0.6 or something like that and i have seen every version of it i grow up with these games and n++ is a great adaptation for this classic.
76561198203243355,Recommended,230270,31247131,Posted: 19 April,all,xpanda,One of my favs!
76561198070672491,Recommended,230270,31282492,Posted: 21 April,all,eLum,DOES THE WORLD NEED ANOTHER PLATFORMER?NOT AFTER THIS.
,Recommended,230270,25173209,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Skryt,It's like I'm back in 2004 and Flash Games were actually a) good and b) secure
,Recommended,230270,31281158,Posted: 21 April,all,Mike,It's the best platformer. It's the best game with platforming in. It's the best.
,Recommended,230270,25154147,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,i9 LUL,Middle school hype
,Recommended,230270,25137374,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,DerPlayer,pretty good
,Recommended,230270,31323803,Posted: 23 April,all,M⌬rtius,"Incredible game. You may think the style is extremy simple and you know what, you're right! Its simple yet its so charming, you get tons of different palletes to choose from, different colors for your ninja and some accessories, the customization here for the levels alone is pretty damn solid that there's bound to be one that interests pretty much everyone, in general they have rather contrasting colors to have the level stand out. I think if it wasn't for such a simple artstyle, the developers not have as much content in the game, its a good compromise in my opinion.Controls are solid, I mean SOLID. It has a floaty feeling yet has finesse and precision. You feel like you have complete control over when your character starts and stops both up and down and left and right, I have yet to find a game that manages to balance it out as well as this one does. The momentum mechanic works really well, your character feels like it has force applied to it when you run and jump, jumping off of walls and gaining speed. Its so satisfiying!The amount of content you get for this game is absurd, I've already put 5 hours into it and I haven't even scratched the surface of what this game has to offer. It does not descriminate, whatever way you choose to play is here. Want to speedrun? Got it, collect them all for that completionist side of you? Right here! Want to take it nice and steady, go at at reasonable pace and not care about speedrunning or collecting? The game has you covered, in fact the time it gives to complete a level is generous, I have not once found myself even when I was taking my sweet sweet time to fail a level because the timer ran out. The developers promise 100+ hours and so far I believe them on that, even just completing the solo mode itself will take you I'd say a solid 20-30 hours if you don't touch the rest of the content or collect anything and just rush through it, you've already got more than what you paid for. Heck I remember when we paid 60 dollars for triple A games for 8 hours. 8 HOURS!Besides the solo mode as I mentioned it also has hardcore which is basically your time attack mode in which you try to complete a level as fat as possible, you're given a reasonable starting time and from there it stacks if you collect the orange squares. Feeling brave? Do hardcore without going for the orange squares and that right there will be an extra challenge.THEN, you also have the level creator, yes I am not done yet. You've got thousands upon thousands of user made levels, granted some of them aren't up to snuff with the content the devs provided, it further expands the playability of this game beyond what you'd imagine for a 15 dollar game.Have I mentioned the soundtrack yet? No? Well I must!!! The soundtrack is absolutly superb, its a combination of electronic with slow relaxed drum and base tones with some occasional chillstep, it is incredible, it really goes hand in hand with the gameplay.Don't miss this game! I nearly gave it a pass because I thought it was going to be a rather bland experience yet everytime I jump in, I feel so compelled to sink hours of my life into it. Like a tube of pringles, once you start you won't stop. ;)Score: 10/10. Don't miss this gem of a game!"
,Not Recommended,230270,32907420,Posted: 27 June,all,TenVice,"Gameplay is good for a few minutes, then becomes boring really quick."
76561198064198257,Not Recommended,230270,29047155,Posted: 5 January,all,Monoliths,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Level design is gimmickey and sure, it's hard, but its hard for the same reason banging your head into a cement wall is hard- there's nothing ♥♥♥♥ing to it. The skill ceiling for this game is virtually nonexistent, so every puzzle is based around tight timing in jumps with many moving parts, which is really not fun when you have 0 air mobility and your only choice is to just die. The movement is too simplistic and not fun to use, especially in the cramped spaces you have to use it in most of the time. And gold is just as bad. It's disguised as a mechanic but really serves little to no purpose in 90% of the levels in this game. This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Just play dustforce or super meat boy if you want a good platformer to play.TL;DR BUY A DIFFERENT GAME."
,Not Recommended,230270,30285575,Posted: 2 March,all,Bazinga!,Bought it because it was on sale and has great reviews.Sorry I cannot agree to that.The GFX are minimalistic... well thats a way to say that the GFX just suck and take away a lot of the fun.So the minimalistic style ends up just to feel cheap - the game has no character or anything to be rememberd.The plus is the amount of Levels by the Developers and the Community.On the other side this turns out to be a minusbecause the game is tooooo loooong with all those ements it is nothing more than getting harder and unplayable later.The game is not awful but I wont play it long and wont buy it again.
,Not Recommended,230270,31365429,Posted: 25 April,all,owenanimalboy,Controls like a forklift in a skating rink
,Not Recommended,230270,34246942,Posted: 14 August,all,RecklessDwark,"Meh, the character feels too heavy, and the levels are built in a way that makes you akwardly have to adjust your momentum. I would call it a Supermeatboy lite, as you WILL die often, but not too much that it seems cheap, neither does it induce much anger. Soundtrack it pretty meh, early 2000s techno. Reccomend getting it on sale, good game to just mellow out to (with your own music)."
76561197995491919,Not Recommended,230270,28395771,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,endril,"A game that demands perfection out of you and gives you nothing in return.The soundtrack is good, though."
76561198035878036,Not Recommended,230270,30042550,Posted: 19 February,all,jnalanko,"Disclaimer: I played for about 30 minutes before turning it down, so this is not really a review but rather a first impression.It's a basic platformer. There are many flash games like this for free. After some time of playing it changed the color scheme to purple combined with slightly different purple, which was really unpleasant to look at."
,Not Recommended,230270,32923154,Posted: 28 June,all,DAMN THATS NUTTY BRO,"Mediocre platformer with way too many levels and way too little good ones. Making everything difficult as hell is not fun, it just bores you. Don't expect to have a good time with friends either, as there is NO online multiplayer. Avoid unless desperate for 2D platformers, but dont go in with high expectations"
76561198110146617,Not Recommended,230270,25333804,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,McSwerve,"It would be good if I could actually see the platforms I'm jumping on, but right now they're the same color as the background which I'm pretty sure is a bug. don't know what's causing this."
,Not Recommended,230270,32370320,Posted: 12 June,all,Snow,Platformers with fall damage are incompatible with fun for me
,Not Recommended,230270,25231723,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,franko_,"There's NO ONLINE MUTLIPLAYER.Eight or so years ago when N+ came out on XBLA, the online multiplayer with friends was an absolute blast. Buying N++ the day it came out was a no-brainer for myself and said friends for that reason. I'll be returning it now.If I just wanted to play new N levels, I would play the custom user levels that were already available in the old version.The devs have posted publicly on the internet about lack of time and money, and they claim they chose custom level sharing over online multiplayer. I don't know how anyone working in game development in this, the current year of 2016, could POSSIBLY think that makes sense.Online mutliplayer is a fundamental part of modern gaming - particularly if your game is on Steam, and previous versions of your game ALREADY HAD IT.EDIT: For the record, I'm not complaining about having bought the game. I wasn't misled by the Steam page or the devs into thinking the game has features that it doesn't. I didn't read the page, that's my mistake. But, even if I had NOT bought the game, I would still be making this complaint, because I waited for and wanted this game because of the multiplayer, which, it wound up not having."
,Not Recommended,230270,25221056,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,D YellowMadness,"Disclaimer: I'm not blasting this game for not having online multiplayer. I just briefly mentioned the lack of online mutiplayer because people who liked the online multiplayer in N+ are obviously gonna wanna know that this game doesn't have it before they buy it. I actually barely care at all because I almost never played multiplayer. This disclaimer is here because whiny brats just read ""No multiplayer"", skipped the rest of the review, downvoted me 62 times for stating an objective fact, & whined in the comments.No online multiplayer & the alleged reason sounds like complete nonsense. I have to wear headphones to have sound but the volume settings barely work until I lower them to 1, at which point, the game becomes almost inaudible.Most of the game is offscreen no matter what settings I use even though I don't have that problem with other games. This caused me to die in the intro level & I got an achievement for it called You Suck But That's Ok which is kind of like just lighting my money on fire, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it, & throwing it at the screen. Good thing refunds exist.This kind of thing isn't surprising considering the trailer is pointlessly painful to the eyes &, instead of fixing it, someone just put a seizure warning at the beginning of the trailer.Edit: Proof that this game has no excuse: The fact that the only way people can think of to argue with me is by obsessing over my acknowledgement of the lack of multiplayer, ignoring the rest of the review, & ignoring the fact that I said I don't personally care much about the multiplayer. You can't review a sequel to a multiplayer game without acknowledging the lack of multiplayer. Even if I gave the game a 10/10, I'd still have to acknowledge that problem because people who primarily played N+ in co-cop are obviously gonna wanna know that this game won't let 'em do that (except locally). Even if I somehow considered the lack of multiplayer a good thing, I'd still have to acknowledge it."
76561198085402268,Not Recommended,230270,25198247,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kevty30,No online multiplayer like N+. No thanks.
76561198063703082,Not Recommended,230270,25238098,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,YamsMan,"This game is horrible, do yourself a favor and dont buy it. As kid i loved the original N and N+, but i must have been blinded by my younger selfs limited mind. The gameplay is the same as the original except with more ""enemies"". The gameplay is not fun, there is no skill involved, all you need to beat it is pacience to power through the levels that mostly consist of waiting till the enemies and/or stage hazards go away. After that happens you have to get used to the horrible floaty and slipery controls. There is no satisfaction from anything you do in the game since it barely feels like in your in control. The only good thing about the game is the music, which is ripped straight from soundcloud."
,Not Recommended,230270,25180336,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mika,Tässä on minun N++ arvosteluni:Kontrollit toimii hyvinMusiikki on jostain syvältäLiian vähän päivityksiä verrattuna ilmaisversioon.Suosittelen pelaamaan alkuperäistä. Toki jos kiinnostaa tukea pelintekijöitä niin osta pois.
,Not Recommended,230270,25175619,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DudeJustice,"This game is so good that all of the reviews are positive, all 100% of them; I'm looking to find what's wrong with this game, I'll update my review when I find any flaws in it."
,Recommended,230270,25181569,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dwimdopey,If you're at all in to 2D platformers this is definitely a must-buy.
76561198093221503,Recommended,230270,30367222,Posted: 6 March,all,Toaster Bazooka,"This game is a meditation of minimalism, a memento of momentum, a memoir of memories, and a miracle of movement.It is a conglomeration of colors, a chronicle of clarity, a collection of complexities, and a contribution of creativity.Metanet has truly made a masterpiece of masochism, mainly by the method of a metaphorical massacre of our modern expectations.When games are given to the gargantuan groups of gamers around the globe, many gripes gain glory by denoting the great cliches.Other reviews remark that retaining a readable and recognizable realm in which to romp really reinvigorates reused ideas.To me it doesn't matter if you make new things from old, just add on a fresh spin to make it shine like gold.In other words,N Double Plus is a must if you trust what I just said to dust off the rust from the husk of a genre that is the lust of a SUSTenance for the incredible dance that makes this game what it is.*Puts away thesaurus*"
76561198004875299,Recommended,230270,25183303,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,FlatCapSniper,"Play for the game, stay for the mapping and the community.Still a few bugs to be worked out with the editor but I expect that will be patched up shortly.Incredible game, mindblowingly slick."
,Recommended,230270,25136617,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Anti-Anti Christ,"If you want a platformer that can supply difficult and simple levels, fun and enjoyable gameplay, head-bobbing music, co-op frenzy and a nice level editor as the cherry on top then this game should fill that void nicely.I have enjoyed all the time playing it's predecessors (N V2.0 and N) so I expected this game would be the same; it was but MORE. I didn't expect local co-op (which, for me, is uceful when having friends over as I do not own a console) and I did not expect such awesome music.Recommended for anyone who enjoys platformers (which, let's be honest, one of the best genres of games)."
76561198016928097,Recommended,230270,25136792,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fauxtrot,"This game feels like it has been in development since its flash release roughly a decade ago, and I could not be happier now that it finally has a Steam release. If there is ever a game I would immediately recommend to a friend or relative, it would be this one. The striking color schemes pair well with the trance-inducing soundtrack, and so too you will find yourself in a mesmerized state of mind as you play. For 15$ USD, you can't go wrong with N++."
76561198054610118,Recommended,230270,25138833,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Genghis Khan,"Been playing N game since it was still only a small internet flash game, over 10 years have passed and I still cannot get enough of it. What keeps the game so interesting is the level editor and playing the thousands of levels created by every other player! This game just never gets boring!"
76561197961099397,Recommended,230270,25164216,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Justice,This soundtrack is unreal. Classic N awesomeness.
,Recommended,230270,25161796,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Praetorian,A refinement of what was already a classic.
,Recommended,230270,25161813,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NinjaMedik,Good Old flash N+ <3 But better!
76561198001362661,Recommended,230270,25174138,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PoopScoopMaloop,"For those unfamiliar with the N series, N++ is latest installment of a series of minimalistic, tough as nails platformers that emphasises precision and maintaining inertia through ""episodes"" of 5 short levels at a time. It is a thinking man's Super Meat Boy. The game is hilarious at times through subtle humor hidden in level names and layouts. There is a massive amount of content with over 1000 levels in the game and an easy to use level creator. Make no mistake, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥over and over.....and over again, but the difficulty curve seems more gentle than previous entries....at first. Controls are extremely tight to accommodate the hair-splitting precision needed for later levels.As a longtime player of N+ back on XBLA and DS, I was pleasantly surprised to see it finally get a fitting sequel on PC. If you loved N+, get this game immediately. There are new types of blocks and a way of browsing created levels in addition to leaderboards that allow you to watch runs of the top players for each episode. This is useful for getting past the some of the seemingly impossible levels.It is beautiful, It is soul crushing, It is addictive, It is a classic"
,Recommended,230270,25176158,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Silver Aura,"I was originally introduced to N through N+ on XBLA.It's every bit as addictive and yes, my thumbs are already developing blisters."
,Recommended,230270,25154015,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,PaperThick,"I'm a pretty non-competitive, laid back, noobzilla of a gamer so I bought this knowing that if I was too big of a babby that a Steam refund would bail me out.  Almost blew my refund window out of the water in the first launch and don't forsee myself having a change of heart at this point.  The difficulty curve is such that you will always feel like a badass without too much frustration.  N++ not throwing you off the deep end right away is much appreciated.  Good little game IMO."
,Recommended,230270,25170054,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ChicoB13,"Dont let the game type of ""Platformer"" turn you away from this. I once punched my computer screen playing the original one. Don't expect anything less for this one. There goes a second monitor.10/10Would still be playing if I wasnt on the way to the doctors."
,Recommended,230270,25167559,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rasputin,"Is it rage inducing? Mostly.Is it the best game ever? Possibly.Is it perfectly crafted, ridiculously responsive and a benchmark for platforming games? Definately."
,Recommended,230270,25169712,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Neurotic Nincompoop,"Pick up, play, break your controller,  pop a blood vessel, lose your hair, lose your voice. 10/10"
,Recommended,230270,25169921,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SCORED!,I played the original when I was just a wee lad and it is still just as fun and frustrating as I remember.N++ gets an A++ for me!
76561198057571485,Recommended,230270,25170114,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Redneb27,"I love this game. It's simple, it's challenging, and it's fun. If you liked the flash game or N+ on the Xbox 360, you'll probably like this. One of my easiest and quickest buys."
76561198053876675,Recommended,230270,25138153,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,buildersteven4,"Ah, good old N. This game is quite nostalgic for me. For those who know and love N, you won't be disappointed. All the good parts of N are still here. It's basically an extended and polished version of N. It has plenty of new and interesting levels and a some nice competition. Also all the old levels are still there to revisit.However, some of the things the game added aren't that perfect. Nothing mayor, but I still do dislike these aspects of the game- Some colour schemes are so vibrant they simply hurt my eyes.- Because you get some sort of achievement if you get all the gold in a level the levels where they just spam goldies mid air do quite suck if you try to get that achievement. And as a completionist that bugs me to no end.- players can make levels, that might sound like a pro, but it's mostly a con to me. The game has only been out a few hours and I already found a golden swastika.- no built-in levels for racing, thus the racing is just a pile of uninspired player created content that is either bad, or way to hard.- the ""you suck"" stage. In the race mode after you take to long or press a button the game will enter the you suck stage. In that stage it will slowly make the level easier to get someone to win the race. That's all fine and dandy, but when I'm getting ticked of because a level is to hard don't go tell me I suck. That's a sure-fire way to annoy me to the point I ALT+F4.- When you win a race you can be a rocket to hinder your foes, but the rocket tends to fly into a wall before I even had the chance to steer.It's a great game. But I'd advise to stay away from the racing. And don't try to hard on getting all the gold, it can ruin the fun."
,Recommended,230270,25141888,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Inoshiro,"One of the hardest platformers youll ever play; N++ doesn't throw any cheap deaths at you, it's fair but hard and it encourages speedrunning"
,Recommended,230270,25141930,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Scary Terry,"Yes! This is what I've been waiting for for YEARS! N++ is BACK, BABY! And hopefully here to stay. As a child(early teen?), I grew up with this game one Xbox Live Arcade. Having sold my Xbox ages ago, I missed playing this. Hearing this game came out today was a dream come true.Everything is just like I remember it: simple, challenging, and frustratingly fun. If you are the kind of person looking for a great challenge, but quick and easy fun, all in a run-and-gun platforming environment, running from lasers, jumping for coins, and avoiding every bomb in the universe, this game is absolutely for you. Give it a chance to try it, and you won't put it down."
76561198041461520,Recommended,230270,25152231,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gnome026,only thing its missing is online multiplayer. other than that its a massive improvement over the others. so glad to see this back. you will die more times then harambe.
,Recommended,230270,25152232,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"If you liked N then you'll like then, if you really wanted the online MP from N+ then you may not like this as much..."
,Recommended,230270,25152452,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The_B,"Levels completed: 50Times wanted to throw controller at the wall: 150+Levels Completed to 100%: Hahahahanope.Classic N, full marks."
,Recommended,230270,26124124,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Doomguy,"Everything I imagined N to become.... plus plus.Have you ever seen a friend playing a flash game where they where running around a room, getting gold and *trying to* get to the exit before being killed by robots that are out to get you? Have you been over at that same friends house to watch them play the same game on their Xbox 360, except they get zapped by a lazer? Have you played the Nintendo DS or PSP ports of the same game they where playing?Well, now its made its last reincarnation, and I gotta say its a dam good one. Now PC and PS4 get to expearience the hair pulling and enjoyable torment of 2004's N. Brimming with content, this PC port of the last N game will keep you entertained for years, with a packed single player ""campaign"" (includes maps from N and N+) and user levels that just won't stop coming. And thats not all, folks! Lets not forget the friendship building co-op and the friendship ending race and survival modes!!The sad thing is that, even though we have level sharing theres STILL no online multiplayer, but in the eyes of N that doesn't matter. Now, lemme ask you a question. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING MY REVIEW? YOU NEED TO GET THIS AND PLAY IT!! THIS GOES OUT TO THE N AND SUPER MEAT BOY FANS!!!"
,Recommended,230270,25153058,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sentry Buster,its good plus plus
,Recommended,230270,25153080,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Jatra,"I'd recommend playing the original (N Game: The Way of the Ninja) to get a feel for the mechanics. If you enjoy that, then this is approximately 23.6x better."
,Recommended,230270,25237511,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,blaMē,"I still remember the 18 months of my life that it took to master N, a simple yet genius Flash-based game. It has been more than 10 years since I destroyed myself and saw a stronger, grittier, more persevereing man rise from the ashes of that boy I once was. And now I get to do it all over again.The gameplay is crisp as ever, with enemies that will confuse and frustrate you, despite their elegant simplicity. You will cry. You will uninstall. But perhaps, if you are strong enough, you will beat N++.It's a simple platformer, with no ""lives"" or ""hearts"" or convoluting mechanics to forgive sloppy play. You beat 5 levels in 90 seconds, then you move to the next 5 levels. There is no RNG. There is no wombo combo. There is only you, with three buttons, and a decision to make. Are you going to be able to face yourself in the mirror?"
,Recommended,230270,27762737,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Joubes,N++ is a great game. Super simple but also very hard. One of my fav things about this game is the way it trolls you as you play and progress your skills.Also I listen to the soundtrack for this when I'm at work or in the car. It's amazing.
76561198111926417,Recommended,230270,27819424,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,harryhorse3,Do not play if you have high blood pressure.Do play if you wnat high blood pressure!
,Recommended,230270,27828460,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LancerKing,"I cannot believe I have N back on the PC - it's truly astonishing!I've been a hardcore fan, and addict, since N was released back in 2004. I can't even think about how many hours I've spent in front of the screen perfecting and creating levels. This truly is my all time favourite game.I've made myself known in the N.U.M.A community as xdude_rox, conquered N+ as catspride, by being #1 in the racing category for a very long time (and being submitted into Game Informer Magazine for it). Now I'm back to take over the PC and try my best to reach the top once again.Words can't express how happy I am to have this game back in my life. Thank you, Mare and Raigan!!!"
,Recommended,230270,27776874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Greyalpha,Been a fan of this series since it was a flash game.  Simple but exhilarating platformer that always gives a challenge.
,Recommended,230270,25152129,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,oneirossd,"I've been playing N since the original Flash incarnation, and this is just as good as I remember. I was always mildly annoyed that I had to use a controller for N+ so I am very happy to be back to the good old keyboard controls!Now that I have spent a lot more time with this version I have to say that this is one of the best platforming games ever. The amount of content in this version is staggering. Almost 60 hours played and while I've beaten all the primary levels, I've only unlocked maybe 1/8 of the secret levels and I have come to accept that I will probably never get much farther than that. But all the secrets make it easy to just pick up and play for a bit to try to unlock a little more."
,Recommended,230270,25236893,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,WidowmakeR,It's a dream come true for me. Pure gold!
,Recommended,230270,25154657,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Wyre,Yes
,Recommended,230270,30170381,Posted: 25 February,all,Apple products r fucking garbage,Get bent ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,230270,30183391,Posted: 25 February,all,Chamango,"The skill ceiling for N++ is nuts, no matter who you are you'll inevitably hit levels that really challenge you, the music is good too."
,Recommended,230270,30195540,Posted: 26 February,all,HORSE is YEET,amazing game
76561197974158973,Recommended,230270,25470322,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Arctic,"This is a really solid platformer, and I think most people will enjoy the single-player. However, the most fun I had with N+ on console was multiplayer, but N++ for PC only supports local multiplayer. The game gave me a lot of grief trying to get the sound and window size to both work when connecting to a television, and I think it just wasn't worth it for what is essentially a level pack and reskin of the previous game. I'd recommend owners of N+ to save their money and just make/try out more user created levels.EDIT: After spending more time with this game, the challenge to get all the gold on all the single-player levels has become addicting. I'm changing my recommendation to Yes!"
,Recommended,230270,31285891,Posted: 21 April,all,n00dle,"Great game, same mechanics as the others. Just missing online co-op."
,Recommended,230270,25595642,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Scooterlooter664,"Easy to play, Difficult to master...In 2004, a flash game called N popped up outta nowhere. It was a free to play platformer that introduced a new style to the platforming genre. Unlike Mario N was a single screen platformer that had the player generating moves to keep up momentum to jump higher, farther, and overall faster. It also had a small puzzle mentality to it as well, such as waiting for the perfect time, opening a certain lock first, taking a particular path ect... The enemies were different as well, some that were passive and others that were aggressive and chased the player. This style gave us the beginning of a series that would redefine the platforming genre.A few years later in 2008 N+ was released on the XBLA (Xbox Live Arcade) store. At a glance it looked as if it was the same game from 2004 just with new levels and better graphics but you'd be wrong. It also added what many from the N community would say was the best decision they've ever made, Multiplayer... Now you and your friends could play a level together and complete the game together either through local co-op OR online play! This plus the addition of co-op levels, races, plus playing levels you and your friends created just added to the already amazing game play and made it more fun as well as chaotic!And now in 2016 N++ continues the legacy of the N series and again Improves on the fantastic game play! N++ now has new enemies such as the evil Ninja who follows your exact footsteps from 2 seconds ago as well as a ball of death that chases you down. N++ also adds new colors to the game to keep it fresh and gives it more eye candy as well. N++ adds another new feature which is the ability to browse levels made by anyone in the world where unlike N+ you could only play levels made by your friends.Now I know my review makes this game sound like the best game ever but unfortunately N++, while again improved from the last two games lacks one thing that made N+ one of the funnest platformers I've ever played, and that is online multiplayer... While co-op and racing levels are still in the game you can't play these with your friends online, you'll have to be in the same room together in order to do so. This saddens me due to the fact that if this game had multiplayer many more people would buy this game and it would also extend the life of this game too. HOWEVER, this is the only con that this game has. Don't let this one feature stop you from buying this amazing platformer, there's still a lot you can do on your own. And who knows, maybe they'll add online multiplayer to the game (one can only hope so :p).So in conclusion, N++... Still my number 1 platformer and still a whole helluva lot a fun!10/10 would N++ again and forever!!!"
,Recommended,230270,31425305,Posted: 28 April,all,zippy,"A worthwhile get. I've only been playing the game for about 5 hours, and I haven't been able to get through to the main part of the game yet, it's a huge, expansive, journey, with collectables (Gold) scattered through every level (each level containing 5 sublevels, and collecting every piece of gold on all 5 sublevels grants gold completion on that main level), which varies the gameplay from a chilled approach, to a tactical approach. Good Buy!"
76561198334116336,Recommended,230270,34590061,Posted: 29 August,all,QuishyisSquishy,They're are so many diffucult levels and it's really fun! I personally really like 2D parkour games!
,Recommended,230270,34192277,Posted: 12 August,all,AlexWrench,"Don't be deceived by the single-room levels made entirely in the in-game editor. N++ has finely tuned its subtle physics system and tileset to grant both the player and the level designer a remarkable level of freedom. The game's packed solid with levels that teach the mechanics *wordlessly*, to get you ready for the challenges that stretch those same mechanics to their very limit - and I haven't even scratched the surface of multiplayer! Add to that an extensive soundtrack plus tons of color schemes that you can switch between right from the start menu, and you've easily got the most finely tuned version of a platformer that's already proved it can withstand the test of time."
,Recommended,230270,35065008,Posted: 19 September,all,SPAAAARTAAAA!!!!,Cool and classic
,Recommended,230270,35082377,Posted: 20 September,all,Diplodocus,This game feels like balancing a soap bubble on top of a nail. Loved it 10/10
76561198012008918,Recommended,230270,34227982,Posted: 13 August,all,Toe_Jam,"Neutral reviewA new but classic platforming game, already timeless. Very tight simple controls, huge amounts of interesting levels, different approaches to each level, high skill cap, minimalist but effective graphics, and a great soundtrack.However I'm already running into a couple very frustrating issues. The hitboxes on the mines are pretty annoying, there are tons of times I'll graze on with my head and phase through but then my legs will somehow clip them from many pixels away, even though visually they look perfectly clear of the mine. Also some of the shocking obstacles feel inconsistent with how far they'll shock you from and it seems to depend on the direction they're moving.I really liked the gentle progression of difficulty in levels until I got to last level of A17 on the N++ set. I completed all the levels before it without ever needing more than 10 lives on any particular level, but now I'm stuck on this anomoly. What a horrible idea for a level... there are shock balls that follow you through tunnels and rooms, but you are unable to tell which way they'll move as they come out of the tunnel. They are released as you run too so the timing changes each time if you don't run it exactly the same.... you're stuck with waiting around for the orbs to line up just right so you can sneak through them. Or even waiting to release them so they're all grouped together to make your dodges just a little easier.... you get no cue whatsoever of which direction they'll go or the track each individual orb will follow. Sometimes they run along the walls, sometimes they stick out into space for a tile or two, and they're all mixed up.I really hope this is just a one off. I was having a good time with the challenge until this specific level... I'll admit platforming is my achilles heel in gaming, yet the type of challenge this one level provides isn't compelling or intuitive in any way, it's just an annoyingly long waiting game, plain horrible in comparison to every single flawless level before it. I'll obviously move down to the B set and take some time and come back to this level later, but if the levels that follow in progression lead to more challenges specifically like this I'm really not interested in seeing what else the game has to offer further down the line."
,Recommended,230270,34584603,Posted: 29 August,all,Chocomilk,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,Those ♥♥♥♥ing missiles make me want to tear my ♥♥♥♥ing hear out I swear to got if I see one more of those ♥♥♥♥ing eye things i'll get a metal pole and shove it so far up my♥♥♥♥♥♥that I skewer myself.9/10"
76561198046468986,Recommended,230270,34645078,Posted: 31 August,all,YoSniper,"Metanet has redeemed themselves (mostly) with this game after♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off relentlessly with the original N, then churning out a♥♥♥♥♥♥easy XBox 360 game (N+), and then ultimately ripping my soul from my body and shredding it with their upgrade to N (NReality.)It took me 2.5 years to beat 95% of NReality, and then a computer crash wiped all of my data. The emotional turmoil I experienced after that was unprecedented. I subsequently rid my computer of anything resembling N and told myself I would never play it again.But little did I know that I still had a registered account with Metanet, and one day I received an e-mail about N++ being on Steam. I was hesitant, to say the least, but the price seemed reasonable, and the game itself did look awesome. This was a chance for me to redeem myself, so I went for it.The game is awesome. It's not as ruthless as NReality, but it's still a huge challenge. There are enough gimmicks and enough new elements that keep me engaged. They still have user created levels at the ready in case I decide to try out a level that someone else made, and the music is simply amazing.This game really has a soul. Nice to see that Metanet did something good with it after they tore it from me.Only negative I have about the game is that there's no online co-op. Co-op is strictly local, which is difficult when you're the only one in the household who plays games like this. But from what I understand, they had limited resources, and had to decided between EITHER online co-op or user-created levels. Given the choice, I'd say they chose correctly."
,Recommended,230270,34871242,Posted: 10 September,all,Stztic,"I can't say much about this game, other than that it's well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,230270,35355119,Posted: 30 September,all,NachoR,"It was amazing when it was a browser game and even better now, Masterful controls and momentum. Cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,230270,35406016,Posted: 1 October,all,Mitch8128,a better death simulator than dark souls 310\10 i use to love playing n+ and im really happy n++ is on steam
,Recommended,230270,35402757,Posted: 1 October,all,Bane Star,Its good but wtf no online multiplayer?
,Recommended,230270,35414826,Posted: 2 October,all,SleighterR,Love it.
,Recommended,230270,26307869,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Super Hans,Another gem from my childhood.
,Recommended,230270,35439444,Posted: 3 October,all,WinAce,"This is what the autistic kid in High School thought he looked like when he was doing the ""Naruto Run"""
,Recommended,230270,35509264,Posted: 5 October,all,Taipan,You do not know how many times i've raged quit from this game (uninstalled it once)one the best soundtracks for a video game aswell!10/10
