user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230230,12734946,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Big Denim,"In a gaming world full of handholding, uninspired battle systems, and just sheer crap, Divinity is a shining diamond in the rough.Graphics - 9/10:Loot-based, dungeon-crawling RPGs are never known for their graphics so I will rate it on a level equivalent to similar games like Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3.  I'm going to put this simply - Divinity is ****ing gorgeous.  The art direction is spot on, the colors are bright and bring the world to life, and the character designs are great too.  You won't feel like you're trudging through the same damn dungeon or cave for the 50th time in a row.  Everywhere feels unique.  You'll traverse vast forests of green, blistering cold mountain tops, firey fields of skeletons and so much more.  It's a well-imagined world that makes the game worth of a 9/10 score in the graphics department.Sound - 8/10:So don't expect full voice overs or anything like that.  There will be spoken dialogue from time to time- particularly from your main characters, but for the most part NPCs' dialogue is all written (but very well written mind you).  So why am I giving it an 8 for sound?  Because the music is some of the best I've heard in a video game...EVER!Story - 8/10:You're a Source Hunter (yeah I know...just another cliche name for a hero that's received his title and known for aboloshing evil magic and foes from the land).  But don't let that make you overlook what's an otherwise pretty good story as far as loot-based RPGs go.  You start out by coming to town to solve a murder.  I think this mystery-style beginning really helps drive the games gameplay.  Divinity: OS expects you to listen to NPCs, pick up on subtle hints found in text and side character dialogue, and really just discover, discover, discover to unravel the story and new missions.It's worth noting that some may as a result get really frustrated by this lack of handholding; I on the other hand think it's great and really helps add to the game's charm.Gameplay - 11/10:This is where the game shines.  All aspects of this game are fun.  As stated earlier, the clue-finding and unravelling of the story are fun.  You'll be posed with hints, clues, and puzzles which will lead to scratching your head, yet always persistant on unlocking the next series of quests.Beyond this, the interactions amongst your party's characters and NPCs is fun.  Divinity includes a rock-paper-scissors style mini-game to determine the outcome of conversations.  I know it sounds weird, but it's actually really fun.  If an NPC is not particularly interested in giving up information to you, then you can try to beat him at a game of RPS.Where this game truly shines though is in the battle system.  Everything is action point and turn-based driven.  Depending on speed and initiative, an order to character turns will be determined at the beginning of the fight (similar to FFX).  Character's can obviously use special skills and spells to influence their turn postions.  You also have action points for each turn which again is stat-driven based on a characters constitution among other things.  Obviously different skills and spells take different amount of points to cast depending on their power and your overall skill level.So far I'm sure this sounds like a pretty standard turn-based battle system.  BUT WAIT - THERE's MORE.  Truly the best part about Divinity is the unique use of elemental environments.  Characters can cast spells, blow up barrles, and manipulate the environment in all sorts of ways to overcome foes.Group of enemies standing in a puddle of water?  Shoot an electric bolt to make them all stunned for 3 turns.  No puddle of water?  No problem- cast a rain spell first across the battlefield to create your own puddles then shock it.Of course that's a simplistic approach that you'll learn how to do in the first 10 minutes of the game.  I won't mention the other awesome environmental elements you can manipulate 'cause I think Divinity is one of those games where part or if its spirit is the unknown.  There's A LOT to learn in this game.  There is, for instance, both crafting and blacksmithing skills in the game, that is so deep and complex, that after 40 hours of playing, I haven't even begun to scratch the surface yet.Overall 10/10:  It's one of the best RPGs I've ever played - hands down.  You're really not doing yourself any favors by passing on this game.  In fact, I'd call you a fool if you did.  This game should be played by every and any person that considers themselves a gamer."
,Recommended,230230,10842728,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Johnny Ravioli,"This game is so good I can't even write a joke-y review about it.Even though it is in early release, it is still one of the most fun games I have played this year. It draws heavy inspiration from older games such as Baldur's Gate and Planescape:Torment , and with its beautiful graphics, the isometric gameplay makes myself (as a fan of those games) feel right at home.What makes Original Sin so good, is that it fills a gap that has been missing in the past couple of years. Character driven RPGs that don't hold the players hand through the whole ordeal are far and few between. The isometric view gives combat a strategic feel, and gives life to the world as your character interacts with the environments around it.The combat is challenging, satisfying and very strategic. Using rainspells to create puddles, and then electrifying those puddles to stun opponents is a strategy which the developers try to tout in many of the dev diaries. I went in thinking ""great, thats going to be it, oh well."" But when I pulled off feats such as teleporting a skeleton with a bomb on his back into a crowd of enemies, I felt a magical little feeling in my belly.The story is pretty interesting so far, and follows two Source Hunters as they Hunt Sourcerers (Yeah, okay, its a little dumb). But its good.The game however isn't for everyone. It may not be for those who don't enjoy reading and paying attention during their RPGs, as there is very few instances of voice acting, and even fewer instances of quest markers. Everything is derived from the well-written dialogue between your characters and NPCs, and from exploring your surroundings.The game runs great. Let me stress that. I don't have a gaming computer, I don't even have a gaming laptop. I have a crappy Dell thats a few years old, and doesnt have a dedicated graphics card. And the game runs smooth as butter on Medium/Low.It really is a great game, and I urge anyone who is in the mood for a very fun RPG that doesn't hold your hand to pick up a copy.Oh, and there is co-op multiplayer! I haven't tried that yet, but if I had I'd probably be telling you how sexy it is."
,Recommended,230230,16460723,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Orlandeau993,"Divinity: Original Sin is a classic example of how old-school RPG is made anew. It is the product of old-school gameplay coupled with its own niche and original features.Old-School Features (Present in most CRPGS):- Slow-paced tactical turn based combat- Widespread treasures in the form of clickable debris and vessels (barrels and the like)- Multiple non-linear quests completion- Multiple character builds and party compositions- Free roam and exploration- Massive lore and dialogueWhat Makes Divinity:Original Sin fresh:- Use of elements and Terrain where they cooperate and collide as a gameplay mechanic (water channels electricity and such): Imagine Magicka meets tactics- Conflicting opinions of Main Characters determine the outcome of a quest (only applicable if you play co-op).Negative:- Bad interface- Starts strong with many things presented as well as a variety of quests, but severely diminishes against the end, content feels rushed.- Story drags out.- Little or non-existant voice acting for games with pre-made characters (story-wise).- Certain decisions/negotiations with NPC revolves on the result of rock-paper-scissors match with the NPC, this absolutely destroys immersion where whether the decision of walking away unscathed or ended up massacring them rests on luck.Personal ExperienceOverall, I had a blast playing this game with a partner and there are many memorable moments throughout the game. However, I do feel that this game is highly overrated and it is nowhere at the top of my list. It is still a game that I would recommend to RPG fans out there simply because there are not many well-thought out and engaging RPG games that you can play with your friends out there in the market."
,Recommended,230230,8804807,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Keno the Rat,"Have you ever asked yourself, ""Man, why doesn't someone make a cooperative fantasy RPG with all the nifty RPG-ism's that I love, like skills and talents and crafting and that I can play at my own pace with my friend and we can decide how we complete quests and treat people in the world and if we disagree then there was a mechanic in place that supported that and NPC characters we could hire and have join our adventures and instead of mindlessly blasting through hundreds of monsters like every other action RPG out there, we could fight in some nail-biting tactical, turn-based combat with spells and abilities that would affect the environment and turn the tide of the battle and the whole thing is wrapped up in a fantastic looking package with great looking characters and animations and some genuinely good and at times humorous writing?""Guess what? It's your lucky day."
76561197972518518,Recommended,230230,10981984,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Littleshack,"The next Baldur's Gate/Neverwinter Nights/Fallout.  Two-player coop for the main story line, with an editor that supports creation of 4-player coop campaigns (similar to NWN's editor).Combat is turn based, built from what appears to be Pathfinder's table top combat rules, (attacks of opportunity, etc), but with Fallout's AP (action point) system, very elegantly done.There is also a ""social combat"" system, where you and your friends can ""fight"" over dialogue choices in which a final winner ultimately decides the outcome of the conversation; this is done via rock-paper-scissors.  Character's can gain or lose personality points based on the outcome of these conversations as well, (whether they are altruistic in nature or perhaps more cut throat).  These stat changes also help in other areas later on.Finally, a living, breathing world in which there are often times multiple possible solutions to a problem.  Can't pick a lock?  Bash the door (and possibly damage your weapon in doing so).  Can't bash the door?  SET IT ON FIRE!  Etc.  Want to try to steal something but someone is watching?  Have your friend distract them with conversation!  Is something burning that shouldn't be?  Cast a rain spell or dump water on the fire.  Want to combine abilities for combat?  Have someone cast a poison cloud, and then ignite it with a flame arrow!  The list goes on and on.Crafting is similar to the Android game ""Alchemy"" or Minecraft, in which you start with basic items, combine them, and can ultimately craft higher level items.  This game should be a crafters dream.The voice additions really bring the world to life, but can be a bit annoying in crowded places, as you hear multiple conversations going on at the same time.  The developers will hopefully tone this down a bit.The world is gorgeous, filled with little details that can be seen by zooming in closely, and your characters perception trait will help you spot items (press and hold alt).  Characters range from dark and evil, to light hearted and humorous (see if you can find the very old talking clam), and is reminiscent of Baldur's Gate.Also, NO QUEST MARKERS!  The world does not hold your hand in this aspect.  It does give you tools, such as waypoint markers for your map, that help you keep tabs on where certain things are, and it will auto-populate the map with buildings of notable remark, but the rest is up to you.You will have to enjoy reading.All that said, for old school RPG'ers longing for the days of old, with a new modern technology, wait no more.Divinity: Original Sin should scratch that itch.  I've spent too much time typing this, game on!"
,Recommended,230230,13917446,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,-=DogeShibe=-,"PC GOTY 2014 no doubt!!People who love hardcore RPGs like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, or Arcanum will surely fall in love with this game. It's so rare these days to find this kind of games when most RPGs are action oriented.PROS:+ Beautiful world, beautiful graphics+ Environmental effects!!! For example: You can wet the grounds and cast air spells to electrify all enemies who stand above it or cast oil spell and burn the grounds.+ So many possibilities when creating a character. A two handed warrior/sorcerer hybrid? Sure. A mage who good at sneaking and backstabbing? Sure.+ It's quite hard and challenging without making you frustrated. Make sure you create a balanced team without overlapping abilities and skills between your characters. For example: Only take bartering or charisma skill in one of your character, not more.+ A long RPG. It could litterally takes 50 hours or so to finish the game.CONS- Rock Paper Scissors. Too bad in many occassions, you have to play this mini game to win an argument. Daft.- Annoying NPC especially in villages. They keep talking, shouting and mumbling the same dialogues over and over.In short, get this game! You won't regret it"
,Recommended,230230,13786033,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Newbie,"dont buy it.  you'll quit eating, bathing, and listening to your wife complain about how long you've been at the computer.  it will ruin you.This feels like oldschool Dragon Warrior and Ultima 1 or 2 meets modern day tech.  It's really horribly addictive.  It's not easy, either, and god help you if you play it on hard, but man it's fun."
76561198045841304,Recommended,230230,15473028,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BK Big Fish,I started to forget why i played games and how i didnt enjoy them anymore. This game is what made me remember why i love games.
76561198124467475,Recommended,230230,16268092,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Aelin I-Hin-Ithil,"""Not in the mood for cheese? That excuse has more holes than a slice of this fine Gorgombert!""Playing co-op as a wizard and teleporting my friend into mobs and then running away will never get old.Best Game of the Year 2014+ Feels like a proper RPG+ Beautiful world+ Beautiful graphics (bright colors, excellent level of detail, atmospheric nuances, weather, terrain, all very beautiful to watch)+ Environmental effects (e.g. You can wet the grounds and cast air spells to electrify all enemies who stand above it or cast oil spell and burn the grounds.)+ Many possibilities when creating a character+ Innovative spells+ Character interactions with each other are well made and bring nice touch to game. It's too seldom when you can argue with your co-op partner in these games.+ Excellent Co-op experience+ Great combat system and game mechanics+ Challenging+ Awesome story line+ Non-linear progression+ Heaps of freedom of choice+ Lots of content, areas to explores, NPCs (A single, completist playthrough is well over 100 hours.)+ Side quests, a large diversity of different quests+ Not a single ""fetch"" quest+ Puzzles are challenging and it is fun to complete them+ Humor galore. Easter eggs, puns, funny remarks everywhere. (I recommend you pay attention to achivements. e.g. Sleeping Village, Live Undead, No More Mr Nice Guy)+ Remarkable soundtrack+ Replayability- Characters are devoid of any real personality (You don't really get attached to your main character as you would have done with Dragon Age, or even with Baldur's Gate.)- Rock Paper Scissors- Annoying NPC especially in villages. They keep talking, shouting and mumbling the same dialogues over and over.- If you're not so experienced with similar games, the first 5-6 levels can be a very rough start- Crafting could have been fleshed out a lot more- Too big adventage for elemental users10/10★★★★★"
,Recommended,230230,12499552,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Eaguru,"It's been a while since I've fallen in love with a game as hard as I have with Divinity: Original Sin. It is a game with many glaring flaws, and those flaws are part of the reason I've come to love it. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but those who can stomach its initial few sluggish hours will find a meaty turn-based RPG that pays thorough respect to its CRPG predecessors like Baldur's Gate.Those familiar with pen & paper RPGs, as well as roguelike elements, will feel right at home here. Combat is tough and involved. The game uses mechanics familiar to paper players while being relatively accessible to modern gamers (none of that THAC0 nonsense!). Larian has developed a smart, stern RPG that offers its charm in its unforgivingly old-school game design with absolutely zero handholding. Very few map markers. No quest arrows. Why am I surrounded by level 15 invincible enemies at level 10?!If you like Dungeons & Dragons or TBRPGs in similar veins like Shadowrun Returns, you owe it to yourself to play Divinity: Original Sin. Best enjoyed with a friend who will antagonize you."
,Recommended,230230,8856905,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Razzmann,"Divinity: Original SinThis Divinity game goes back to its roots. The world is one of the most interactive worlds of every game I know. There are always different ways to solve a quest and you are able to kill ANYONE!In the Alpha only the town Cyseal with its surroundings are accessable but you will have 15+ hours of playtime nonetheless.The combat system makes a lot of fun. Instead of making a mainstream hack'n'slash system, Larian developed a very good balanced round based one. Furthermore the elements play a big role in combat. E.g. you freeze water to ice and your enemies will slip when they walk on it.This game will be a gem (if it is not already). With its old school combat system, the interactive world, the well written dialogues, the typical Larian humor and tons of ways to craft different things, Divinity: Original Sin is a game you should keep an eye out for. It has the heart to do something different and it does it better than a lot of games of the last decade."
,Recommended,230230,11063103,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,I zapped a dog who was standing in a puddle. I didn't notice my entire group was also standing in the puddle. We all got stunned for 2 turns. Since I was stunned I couldn't even hit ESC to reload my game. I was forced to watch as the computer killed all my group.10/10
76561198031885822,Recommended,230230,15554695,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Utamombolo,"After completing the main story line, I can honestly say this was really good game. My thoughts are based on co-op game from top to bottom.Pros:+ Character interactions with each other are well made and bring nice touch to game. It's too seldom when you can argue with your co-op partner in these games. But luckily Divinity delivers nicely with this.+ Battles are well made and there are plenty of different aspects you need to take into account. Personally I was little disappointed that hardest battles where in the first 20 hours of playing. It might be that towards the end you know the battle system better, or you are overpowered, but I would have hoped last fights would have been a bit harder. All in all battles are still a huge plus for this game.+ Puzzles are challenging and it is fun to complete them, you need to study the environment and lorebooks and talk to other characters. But puzzles are not too hard for you to complete, they just might take some time. Better have a character with good perception, it helps a LOT.+Side quests, a large diversity of different quests, some totally random and some so obvious, but these side quests bring plenty of diversity and they challenge you on different ways than the main story.Cons- Maybe a bit sloppy main story, and it felt somewhat forced. Don't get me wrong, it could have been a lot worse.- We completed the game with the same ""sidekicks"". Once we tried to hire a new hero to our party, but they seemed to be a bit useless, and changing from your normal sidekick to the new one was made little bit annoying, as all the stuff that the other one was carrying needed to be transfered first to your main characters inventory and from there to your new sidekicks inventory.- SPOILER!!!You can't continue to play with your characters after beating the final boss. Personally i would have liked to return to town as hero and still keep doing some side quests.Rating****/*****"
76561197967613804,Recommended,230230,11009448,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,nice Nisei,"Divinity: Original Sin is one of the best RPG's I have ever played on the PC.Larian Studios have really put their heart and soul into this title.The dialogue, voiceovers, and especially the music are all well executed. I very much enjoy the art style of the game, and all of the vibrant colors in the envorinment and abilities.The interaction with spells/abilities and the environment is phenomenal. Cast an oil spell that will slolw enemies, and follow it up by casing a fire spell that does its initial fire damage, and 100% chance to inflict the burning status ailment.Larian Studios' decision to use turn-based combat instead of real-time combat has paid off. You will question your moves on every turn in combat. If there are too many enemies to deal with (within your level range), look around, there is almost always a way to equalize the battles, you just need to have the right tools.The ability to have companions/mercenaries is great. Equip your comrades how ever you see fit, and make them your mule by stashing all your crap in their inventory!* Do note that Divinity: Original Sin only supports 2-player co-op in a drop in/out type of game. At the start of creating a new co-op campaign, you'll create two new heroes. Those two heroes will be the playable characters for you and your friend for the remainder of the campaign. If you wish to reroll, you must start a new co-op campaign with two new heroes! If your friend has to leave for a bit, s/he may log off, and you can do mundane things like sneak around town and pickpocket everyone until they get back! Their character will become AI until they log back into your game.** There is apparently a Divinity: Original Sin 4-player multiplayer mod! I have not tested it, but I'm sure it's awesome!---My rating: 9.3/10"
76561198043024228,Recommended,230230,8748640,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nagarue,"UPDATE JULY 2, 2014The game has been officialy out for 48 hours now and I have put in 30 play hour's A play trend I cant contine since I need to return to work.  I had no crashing or other major bug issues though I understand some people have had some issues. The most irritating thing is probably the looping dialog which the most recent patch should now have fixed.As an old school RPG fan this game hits the spot perfectly.  I am playing only the single player version. Combat and exploration requires a small amount of strategy, it is an open world to explore but if your normal play style is to charge and attack you may be frequently frustrated.  Enemy have set levels and may greatly overpower you if you engage the wrong group to soon but you have many options to deal with them and defeating them may be possible with the right strategy or you can simply turn around and find a fight more at your level.Quest locations are not maped and marked out for you, you will have to explore and find them, despite my 30 hours of play I dont feel I have gotten very far into the game yet and at this point I couldnt tell you what the main quest line is in the game there are several important issues that need resolving and perhaps they all tie in.  Addmitiedly I havent bothered to look in the quest journal very much yet but I have felt no need except in one case.  So my guide to the game has not been I need to go here and do this but more of can I go here and survive at this point.The first part of the game dose start out a bit slow since it is in a large city area that needs to be mostly explored in order to do well once you head into the wilds.There is an issues that for me is minor but could use some work, so far I have found only Two NPC that are scripted there are also hirelings that you can replace them with if you wish but they are not scripted, I am not sure if there are other scripted NPC that can join you but at this point the game could certainly use more veriety there.I would rate this a 9.5 and possible Game of the Year for me.Below here is my original early access review.This Is one of very few games I didnt wait on for a sale price.  This is an ambitious game and Larian Studios still has thier work cut out for them.  I dont like to spend much time on forum boards or trying to find all the bugs in betas to report them, but I have faith in Larian Studios and I belive they are going to deliver one of the best RPG experiences in years, so I decided to support this on early access.If your looking to be entertained by polished game play of any sort then I can't recomend you buy this on early access.  The pop up menu to start the game was sized wrong and while I could see three buttons they where cut off and I couldnt read what they did. I tested them and learned the first button was to start the game.  I went into the game set up screen first thing, as I do with all new games to make some adjustments. Pre set graphics and sound seemed fine but I decided to change key binding configurations and several of the buttons on this screen had no text discriptions. After testing the buttons I figured out which ones did what I wanted and had a key binding set up that I desired but once I started the game a loading screen showed me that several of the keys I had set up where used for something else that had not been listed on the key binding page and within the game dialogs would show the original key bindings and not my selected ones as the correct keys to hit.  So I went back into key bindings and set them to default figuring that was the best way to go for now.In the game I had some difficulty with controlls, the mouse would scroll the screen as expected when I moved curser to the edge of the screen except when I moved it to the center of the bottom area, in order to scroll down I had to either hit the down arrow key or move the pointer to the left or right side of the bottom of the screen.  Next I was confused by what I expected from normall left click movement. I was not sure at points if this was terrain I couldnt walk on or a realy buggie AI but them I accedently clicked on a region that was on the other side of a fairly long cliff and my characters went thier on thier own very smoothly.  After fooling around with movement for awhile I learned that single clicking on near by locations would frequently result in buggy or no movement while distant locations worked well and holding down left click to move worked well.After that things went fairly smooth.  There was an easy combat, then I found a city and was amused by the caracter dialog exchange, In single player there is an option to have each of your character be able to take part in conversations similar to how it will be in multi player.  After a few conversations I decided to explore randomly looking for something to fight I ran into a pack of skelletons that where to powerful for me so I fled then I ran into a pack of orcs that where to powerful for me and fled then on a whim I blasted some guards with a fireball and fled.  That was about the end of my play session and I doubt I will play to much more before the full game release.So if this sounds dreadful to you do not buy this early access, unless like me you have faith that a polished final product will eventually be delivered and want to throw in your support. I  do not regret buying this game at this point, it is no more then I expected.Just an update since the game has moved into beta all of the issues above have been cleared up, the game dose seem to now be in a more enjoyable playable state, but it is to early for an overall review as there are still many bugs that need polish."
,Recommended,230230,8920389,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DrNoesis,"I bought this game yesterday, downloaded it, fired it up for a quick 5 minute peek before going to bed for the night.6 hours later it was close to 5am, and I was torn between logging off for an hrs kip before getting up for work, or just playing through.I haven't played an RPG that sucked my life away so effectively since Baldur's Gate essentially redefined the genre over 15 years ago.At the time of writing, the game is still in early access, and it is a truely excellent experience.   With the exception of turn based combat, the game is entirely free flowing, and the mechanics really truly and honestly finally give you the option to approach a situation in pretty much any way you can conceive of.Every thing you do, from quests to minor 2 line encounters with npc's feel fluid, and for the first time since a certain ranger yelled ""Go for the eyes Boo!"", I feel like a dev has finally gotten the humour right.Divinity: OS is simply amazing, and if you enjoy RPG's, you need to add this one to your cart immediately.Do I recommend this game? absolutely, most emphatically, yes!"
76561198077901493,Recommended,230230,25505852,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,</>,"This game is the epitome of lonelyness, the fact that I have to roleplay with myself gives me crippling depression. Yet, this game is great, the fact that I can friend myself, compete against myself, and possibly bang myself makes this game oh so great for all narcissistic beings."
76561198053070059,Recommended,230230,17085110,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Keln,"If i had to sum up this game in one sentence it would be:""If I teleport this dude here, electrify that puddle, I should be able to control this crowd long enough... *gets shot with an arrow*.... DAMN BLEED Y U CONNECT ME TO THE ELECTRIFIED PUDDLE""+ side:*Very deep and original game mechanics (if you like D&D, this game is for you).*Nice story and art direction.*Nice art, very few CTDs (though they tend to annoyingly happen when you are about to forget about them).*Class and character customisation.*Item stats, diverse enough to really make you wonder which item you should use over another.*Good replay value since the game can be replayed with totally different player choices.*Coop can be a bit weird, but still really fun.*Larian Grade humor material.*Connected to the other Divinity Games.-side:*Item appearance, very limited appearance customisation with armors (the lvl 5 basic plate has the same appearance as the lvl 20 unique one, which is unforgivable!)*Easy to get stuck as Larian Studio is a master at devilish puzzles! Or just get lost, not knowing where to go.*As in Divinity 2, level is everything: if you are one level under the enemies, you are usually in for a hard fight, but if you overpower them by at least a level, the fights become way more simple. This allows the player to know where to go, but also feels very punishing.*Rewards are exploitable through quicksave >.< (and this makes the game a looooooooot easier)*Saddly the modding community for this game didn't seem to pick up though there is a real potential.Having played this game since it was available on steam, having seen it grow from an edgy rock into this fine jewel, I recommend this game. A first blind playthrough with a friend is also recommended :D8.5/10"
,Recommended,230230,14056054,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Maritan,The best classic-style RPG since Dragon Age: Origins.
76561198018352487,Recommended,230230,10203737,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ynotdoitndalton,First of all my background.. i've played games/rpg's/jrpg's since back in the snes days of lufia and chrono trigger.. also crpgs since before baulders gate lol.As of the beta update this imo is one of the best isometric party based rpg's of all time... the only thing that will hold this back is budget and size from eclipsing even baulders gate or the original fallout. So if you like those games go ahead and buy it now.Graphics... As of the beta update the graphics are awesome.. especially for a kickstar crowdfunded game based on thier own in house engine which heck how many devs just rent an engine these days.. The art and graphical style isn't as cartoonish as wow but maintains that vibrant colerfull look.. completely opposite the drab muddy look i personally hate in games. Spell effects are awesome and when you zoom all the way in its really nice with depth of field and Ambient occlusion and smaa anti alaising.. basically all the goodies one expects in a modern graphics engine. Really have no complaints in this department. (And i am a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥).Combat.. You control up to a party of 4.. 2 main char's then 2 hired char's which have backstories and can be leveled and equipped just as your main's yet if they die they are gone.. you gotta go find another to hire somewhere.. they are more than just henchmen.. they are companions. this along with summons and you can potentially be controlling 6 char's at once for a period of time during combat.. its turn based combatAll i can say is way to hit the nail on the head in the turn based combat.. i was never really a fan of D&D based rulesets and the drab nature of the spells and such in those games yet don't get me wrong i still loved them.Divinity OR gives you that great tactical turn based combad of old yet breathes new life into them with more colorfull and just plain fun array of spells and skills to use.Your actions during a particular turn are based off action points ... every skill requires a certain amount (which you regain them based on talents and the way you build your char every turn).. moving requires them... using items .. moving an oil barrell over to some enemies so your wizard can in turn cast a fireball and blow em to crap.. ya u can do that.. more on that later.. all based on these action points and on top of that they also have a cooldown based around so many turns.. one spell maybe u can use again in 4 turns another in 1 or 2 .. between the two systems and the amount ot skills/spells you have a ton of diversability.The elements:  Every element reacts with the others... rain whether by spells or natural puts out fire and makes enemies/char's wet.. then they  can be frozen via ice spells then shattered by your meelee char's yet are more resistant to fire... fire spells can catch enemies on fire.. Rain can make puddles which can be hit with an ice spell to freeze the puddle so enemies fall.. or you can cast lightning into said puddle to stun/electrocute enemies.  Oil slicks can be ignited by fire... etc etc..The combat is good enough to make you want more combat instead of dreading combat. I believe even a person who is usually turned off by turn based combat would like this.Gameplay.. Everything in the world is interactable.. move things around.. destroy them.. stack them.. etc etc..The loot system is great.. you have many equipable slots and find many different variety of items along your journies that all can have many substats... magical properties .. this is common in many games these days just feel good in knowing larian didn't mess it up.. its done well in this game. Nothing really new with it just done well and not broken.Its a quest based game yet its not WoW.. no quest markers and the such.. back to the roots with a quest log and using your brain here... your told general directions/ideas then its up to you to figure out the rest. Quest log is done very well and also you have a dialoug log and recipe log and that brings me to crafting.Crafting is ingenious in this game.. you just combine items in your inventory and see what you get simple as that... (there are more complex crafting later which really in the game is blacksmithing which you use an anvil and furnace and other things in the game world but its the same principle drag item from inventory to said anvil and vice versa no immersion breaking crafting menus and the such).. Example 1.. combine knife with pumpkin and you get a jackolatern which turns out to make a good temporary helmet early in game... or hammer with cooking pot for similar effect..(and you actually have in game models for all these strange combinations so you run around with a pumpkinhead) nails with branch for a basic spiked club... arrowheads with shafts which you make by combining knife with tree branch.. then mix up some poison by combining certain mushroom with empty vial then apply poision to arrowhead first then you have poison arrow so simple yet thats what makes it so great. its based on logic not some magic formula that doesn't make sense.Dialoug is handled well also... .. there is choice and consequence but i have yet to see long term effects as we only have 25 percent of the game.Surrounding dialoug are the reasoning skills such as charm intimidate reason and so forth that is a dice roll based on your stats in the background which is a staple these days and nothing new yet as before rest assured larian hasn't messed it up or broken it. Now what they have done is put conversations between your two main chars (for co-op which i wont review as i've not experianced it yet but its built around a very sound principle and others seem to love it).. but you actually talk to yourself and discuss certain in game events with other main char.. seems silly but it works as you can think of them as another person in real life you know and answer for them accordingly and it effects certain background traits such as... romantic vs pragmatic and this will have an effect on these char's relationship and the story later on. there is really no right or wrong but this adds a depth to the two main char's that isn't achievable just through scripted chit chat between them like in most games. (If you don't fancy talking to yourself..you can select an A.I for your other char for these conversations but you still control them in combat)  Exploration is fantastic in this game... loot galore yet not meaningless as in diablo... such a huge map to explore just in the beta which is only 20 percent of the game..Sound.. i'm not too into game music but lets just say its not bad enough for me to notice it and it blends very well with the game atmosphere.. its composed and relaxing and soothing and fits the tones of the in game events at the time. Spells have nice effects and sound stereo instead of monotone.Char Development.... Completely free and classless .. enough said lol.. Many talents to choose from along with stat point allocation and many many diverse skills/spells to learn/purchase broken up into schools... as well as warrior/ranger/rogue skills  for those that like that style of play.Stat points are spent on the norms.. int str dex ...etcSkill points are spent on schools/disciplines or on personality stats such as barter/leadership .. etc or on the norms like lockpicking crafting blacksmithing... its all done very well and fits together and exactly what one who likes this  type of game would want.Hold alt key to highlight items in game world is tied directly to the perception stat and how many points you put in it.. enough said.. the fact larian had enough sense to do this tells you alot.Conclusion: They have done what i thought would never be done again with the route gaming has takn . .Simple as that. The perfect blend of exploration/old schoolness/tactical and turn based yet feels full of action/quest based gameplay i've been waiting for since the infinity engine days.
76561198062632153,Recommended,230230,18630982,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,H-Trizzle Ma Nizzle,This is truly an amazing RPG and game in general. The only reason I haven't finished it yet is because I'm waiting for the enhanced edition to release.Pros+combat+exploration+graphics+customization+freedom to do almost anything you wantCons-story is a little lackluster later in the game (but they heavily rewrote and fixed it in the enhanced edition)-most NPCs dont have voiced dialogue (however they also redid this in the enhnaced edition! so they will in the EE)Some of the things they are adding for the EE+a rewritten and better story+every NPC now has fully voice acted dialogue+even more quest content to an already huge game+dual wielding+wands+reworked crafting and more things to craft+the inquisitor classSeriously go out and get this game! If you buy this before the enhanced edition comes out you will get the EE for free!
,Recommended,230230,12826528,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DXecution,"For me, games is good if :1. Make me think HARDER2. Make me FEAR3. Make me MAD4. Make me forget about LIFEIt's what i call FUN!This game is one of those games that made me not regret having bought it, that's RARE..:)"
,Recommended,230230,23325958,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Beyond Malachi,"Cons:The inventory system can be frustrating because there are LOTS of things to collect, but: a) no sorting options; b) no \'shift + click\' option so you can work with more than one item at a time.Pros:- The storyline is solid. A little mystery, a couple of big hit surprises, and unusual characters involved in different ways.- There is a good amount of variety in settings, ranging from rocky, to green, to frosty, to morbid, etc.  This plays into the environmental & elemental effects system well; and the quests are often particularly suited to the setting.- Gameplay is loads of fun.  A good mix of playing around with characters abilities (especially trying out different combinations between party members), turn-based strategy, and making use of environmental effects.- Maybe not for everyone, but what I really loved about it was the way I would often die in a battle and, rather than come back later after gaining a few levels, could just replay it trying a different strategy and win.  Sometimes the battles went absolutely terribly the first time; badly a couple more times; then ended up in a win... Trying out different strategies made the gamplay unique; and winning after such a challenge is hugely satisfying.- A decent range of abilities and character builds.  Not amazing variety, but good.- Some very different \'bosses\' that require tackling in different ways.One of the most enjoyable games I\'ve played in the last 10 years; and WELL ahead of all the stale 3D first person actioners."
76561197965467213,Recommended,230230,31574106,Posted: 5 May,all,MohiroProtagonist,"Things I like about D:OS:- My favorite turn-based combat system I've found so far. So much complexity from such a simple spell-casting system - the magic is awesome and fun. Related the fact that you can build a melee monster and dip a few spells (to optimize you almost have to) makes it the only successful hybrid/combat system I've played.- The humor is great - I like the silliness.- High polish. I didn't have a totally bug-free experience but there wasn't anything that affected the game. UI and graphics in general were very nicely done. All the little details are wonderful.- Lone wolf talent - you can choose between a 4, 3, or 2-character party.Things I think could use a little work:Inventory management and crafting get really overwhelming. Not a problem for RPG veterans I'm sure but I found it took a lot of my time.I don't love the complexity of the gear system. Related to crafting - finding good gear was a pain in the butt, particularly if you have 2 characters who want the same item type."
76561198009314023,Recommended,230230,25297398,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CHRONIC_THEORY,"A love letter to Baldur's Gate but in many ways surpasses it's predecessor. Heavy roleplaying and a vibrant world to explore. My only gripe is no voice acting, but that's a minor flaw in the scope of this game."
,Recommended,230230,30965560,Posted: 5 April,all,CULT|icycalm,Game of the Year? More like Series of the Decade.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html
,Recommended,230230,9724217,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Valdyr the Hyena,"After playing almost 20 hours in Alpha, the Beta feels like a completely new game. The graphics have been completely rehauled. There are dozens upon dozens of new spells and abilities, the main menu now has a 3D background instead of the old 2D one, and there is an awesome animated cutscene at the start of the game as well. Honestly, Larian, you keep this up through release, you may just be my new favorite game developer. The effort put in to this game is absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,230230,22783696,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ғђ ▫Suicide's littlehelper,"Divinity Original Sin is a great Crpg made by Larian Studios. The story takes place in a fantasy world, Rivellon, like the rest of the franchise. The two main protagonists are source hunters, but there is more to them than meets the eye. And little do they know of the importance of a quest they must undertake that will affect the world. Like in all grand epics the source hunters start off with a routine murder case, and what they discover that day will change them.The story in Divinity Original Sin is one full of twists and turns that will not disappoint. This game has a plethora of colorful characters/villains that will make you both laugh and cry. Your companions (if you choose to have them), have plenty of well thought out backgrounds. Their sidequests tie well with their stories and are entertaining. The game may have a few misspellings here and there but has plenty of depth worthy of your attention.The graphics and art of Divinity Original Sin are top notch. You are also hit with enjoyable music that sets the tone on your adventures. When you start playing, you are immediately immersed by the beauty of this world. It is a welcomed sight to have so many well placed details in this game. But don't take my word for it, let us ""Rock-paper-scissors"" it.The difficulty of this game is to my liking. There will be plenty of quicksaves and quickloads that will go throughout your many battles. There are puzzles that you will spend hours on and will say, ""Oh, that's where the switch was the whole time."" Yes people, using different fields of view will be your best friend on this journey. In Fact lest I forget, the game also encourages using the field to your advantage during battles.This is one gem that I would recommend to friends and family alike. I hope the people in the steam community who haven't played this game or have just given up on it, will give Divinity Original Sin the chance it rightly deserves. This game will not lead you by the hand, and you will appreciate it all the more for solving/winning the game under your own power.Happy gaming."
,Not Recommended,230230,14390927,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vinifera7,"After over 100 hours of gameplay, I finally managed to slog through this game to the end, if only just to say that I completed it. Don't get me wrong, I don't absolutely hate the game; it's just that it more than overstayed its welcome in addition to having significant flaws.First of all, the crafting system is just horrendous. It's extremely unintuitive and tedious. Let's say you want to create a magic scroll. You must first acquire yourself an ink pot and a quill. Good luck with that, because no vendors sell them. I ended up having to steal them from a friendly NPC. You must then combine them by dragging the icon for the quill over the icon for the ink pot, then stand by and watch a progress bar fill, in order to create an ""Ink Pot & Quill"". Now you have to get some pixie dust. Find a bone and grind it to dust using a mortar and pestle; oh yeah, you need one of those as well. Now find a stardust plant and throw it in the mortar and pestle to create stardust. Now combine the bonemeal and stardust to make pixie dust. Now sprinkle some pixie dust on the ink pot and quill to make ""Magic Ink Pot and Quill""! Now find an axe and a log of wood. Hack up the log with the axe to get a few wood chips. Now find a bucket and search all over town for a well. Draw water from the well into the bucket. Combine the water and one pile of wood chips to make one ""Mush of Wood"". Now search all over town for a furnace. Throw the wood mush on the furnace; lo and behold: One sheet of paper! Now kill a dangerous Water Elemental and take its essence. Rub the water essence on the sheet of paper to make a ""Blank Water Scroll"". Now is the moment we've all been waiting for! Use the magic ink pot and quill on the blank water scroll to create... oh, no sorry, your crafting skill is too low. Now go kill dozens of insane demons and level up in order to increase your crafting. Great, can we craft the scroll now? As I was saying, use the magic ink pot and quill on the blank water scroll to create... wait for it... a random, low-level, one-time-use water magic scroll! You managed to do all of this without any indication in game of what you needed to do! Wasn't that worth it guys?The loot in this game sucks. Mainly you will find more ingredients for crafting and lots and lots of vendor trash. It's hard to afford anything in the beginning, but keep picking up those garbage items and dozens of hours later you'll be swimming in gold! Which goes back to my previous point: why would you craft anything when the items you craft are inferior to the gear you will inevitably have already found by the time you figure out how to craft anything?I like that this game avoids the ""follow the pointer"" trend in modern video games. However, the game world is quite large and it would be nice if there was some—any—indication of where you need to go without exploring every square inch of the map. Want to know where some place is in town? Too bad you can't just ask an NPC, because they don't have that interaction programmed in. Want to delve further into your current quest objective in order to understand what it is you're trying to accomplish? Too bad, because the one relevant NPC can only tell you some generic, fluff dialogue.I could go on, but the final criticism that I want to raise is that the writing is just not compelling. It's one of the most ham-fisted and saccharine takes on the ""world is ending"" trope I've ever seen. It would have been nice if I could just go on adventures with some nuance and intrigue, rather than having to prevent existence from coming to an end by a contrived plot device.Not recommended."
76561198019009722,Recommended,230230,32943447,Posted: 28 June,all,Forgettable nickname,"Talked with a dog about panties, great game 10/10"
,Recommended,230230,14019414,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,loquee,"Great game, I wish i could dedicate the time it deserves to it.20 hours into it I had no choice but to switch to easy and consult google about some of the most annoying puzzles.Since every point of XP is so important I felt forced to complete everything there was, even sidequests I had zero interest in and riddles that are just bad and provide no satisfaction when finally figuring it out.Opposite to all the freedom this game offers, for which I loved most of the time I spent with it, the chore to do these 10% of quests I hated finally led to decision not to continue. Combat is getting boring on easy, but normal is way to time consuming for me, because I refuse to quicksave and reload all the time.Maybe I played it wrong, maybe I should have started over at some point when fully understanding all the mechanics, I definitely wasted a few points now and then at the beginning. I probably should have exploited the random loot generation, like it is recommended by many people and I guess playing in 10h sessions during the holidays until early hours doesn´t make puzzle solving any easier.To come to a conclusion of the above rambling: It is one of the best games of 2014 and I also respect the approach to let the player figure out everything the hard way, even if this means that guys like me who haven´t played such hardcore RPGs for a long time probably need to start over after 10-20h.What would have helped in my case would be a difficulty between easy and normal, where I would be able to skip a few things and have challenging battles along the main story line.Visually, the game is splendid and apart from the annoyingly jumping camera I was constantly amazed.Epic story and awesome writing, makes the massive amount of reading surprisingly enjoyable (the abysmal writing in most games recently infected me with the habit to skip through most dialogues and sequences, Original Sin is a welcome antidote)Looking forward to whatever follows, would crowdfund so I could annoy the heck out of the Devs during early development :)"
,Recommended,230230,26836958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jopie87,"I tend to prefer games that hold my hand.  Know the bread crumb trail that everyone hated in Fable 2, yep, I am the guy that loved that.  When I feel lost in a world, I get frustrated.  I just want to know what to do and when to do it.Divinity doesn't hold your hand.  It is an unforgiving, old school RPG, and it is one of my favorite games of all time.  Things that normally annoy me in other games don't feel like a problem in Divinity.  I want to explore.  I want to find my own path.  I want to spill oil on the ground, knock some barrels in to it, and then set them on fire.  It is nothing like other games that I have enjoyed in the past, and yet it will be a game I look back on fondly for as long as I play games."
,Recommended,230230,12591170,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Kotchman,"Takes a bit to get used to, there is a lot to learn. Once you do, you are in for one of the most amazing experiences. This could be the deepest game I've played. Your imagination is the limit, huge amounts of customization, great exploration, epic battles and loot. This is everything you ever wanted in an RPG."
,Recommended,230230,13246546,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Faudraline,"This is by far the greatest PC RPG that I've ever played since Baldur's Gate series! I seriously found myself missing the isometric camera view, and this game fed into my hunger even more! :) The social interaction between player characters are well arranged, laws of physics are all over the battle scenes, main plot is interesting, and the game world is very rich. Using Rock-Paper-Scissors to decide arguments between parties is both humorious and imaginative, and it was my favorite part in the game. I strongly recommend the experience to all RPG lovers! This game is a must :)"
,Recommended,230230,11266411,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Massicot,"This is the first of its kind for me. I've never really played a similar game. At first the fact that it's turn-based may seem like a turn-off (hehe) but that's not really the case. The turn based combat definitely does not feel slow most of the time. Sometimes the number of enemies getting turns in a row requires a little bit of wait. However, this ties in well with a mention of status effects. You quickly learn how to effectively freeze, stun, or knock-down enemies. I found I used these a LOT more than simply slowing, cursing, or lowering the attributes of an enemy force, those effects I'm sure are more necessary on hard (I played on normal) but the results are a little more subdued. The great benefit to me for the first list of statuses is that it means you don't have to wait for 5 enemy zombies to move in a row, hurray! One thing that was annoying at first but learned to avoid and appreciate later was avoiding stunning my own forces with various air/lightning spells. Sometimes I would think a unit was in the clear because she was near but not next to an enemy force but would still get stunned. I learned later on the usefulness of putting a fair number of points (and wearing appropriate gear) into the various Body Building and Willpower (or wearing armor with some form of immunity instead of just grabbing the highest armor value). Of course, this was a little easier to splurge on with the Secrets vendor exploit still in place.Later on in the game it's very easy to just buff up armor/elemental resistance and go to town and watch enemies fail to do a lot of damage. Some late game enemies were actually somewhat interesting in this regard because they rely on brute strength of a few units rather then an ambush where you have to worry about engaging on multiple fronts for a larger number of enemies. I actually had to change my strategy a bit here since I really only had 1 person able to take many hits from them and my other units (2 mages and an archer) were simply too squishy for the heavy physical damage. Luckily I had two people capable of teleporting them to where they shouldn't be to help keep things in check. The game emphasizes strategy, but it's also incredibly unbalanced, which can be a benefit but is sometimes an annoyance.The Act 1 boss fight was the first example of the game teaching me the great value of positioning (rather than just forgoing it since it was previously not something that I needed to worry about.) Early in the game, I could more or less simply turtle, buff/debuff, and then focus fire target by target until there were no more targets left. The four foes in that boss fight just do not go down that fast, so I needed to make smart use of summons, teleporting both the enemies and myself, and really paying attention to the turn order. Seems like basic stuff but up to that point I didn't need to be as focused, and instead would just analyze what should be done as unit turns rolled instead of any long-term planning.Unfortunately, the level of that fight was never really met again until the penultimate boss fight. From the second map on, I had a pretty great rotation of summons, buffs, and engaging that I really didn't need to deviate from. Most of the mid game boss fights I didn't even need to worry about whatever the mechanic was for the fight. King SPOILER had an interesting elemental mechanic but was long dead before I even had to worry about it. Maybe I should have played the game on hard, but in act one Normal seemed like a great balance. I probably should have switched but in the middle of progressing through the game the ease of combat first feels empowering instead of boring. I guess that's what second playthroughs are for SOMEDAYThe last part of the game really dragged on for me and soured me a little bit. I was traversing the last area and would actually loathe seeing red dot enemy blobs since they were just wasting time. I suppose a consequence of the long run time of the game itself as well as the rote-ness that encounters had become by that point. The only interesting encounters in that area involved the a certain goblin enemy type since they were so tanky and I couldn't just take them out quickly. So instead I would wipe out all their friends and then just peg them down slowly or less slowly, far past to point of them being an actual threat. I really enjoyed the encounters around Cyseal and Hunter's Edge because the battles felt meaningful and paced between quest progression. The red dots in that final area and to a lesser extent, Hiberheim, it just felt like I was a cartographer scraping the edges of the map and clearing it out just for a sense of completion.One of my gripes with the combat system, as as been mentioned by others, is that sometimes it's easy to ""miss"" a target if his idle animation moves him out from underneath your cursor and you end up walking up to give him a hug rather than attack. I wonder if a toggle for a snappy cursor would be a possible implementation. Sometimes you can click on the enemy portrait or zoom and wiggle the camera but a lot of times there are many enemies of the same time and you're unsure which portrait is his, and for me moving the camera can sometimes mess with my mental map.The pet talking talent is super useful, and putting it on one of my source hunters was the only real piece of advice I went into the game with. I see a lot of talk about people restarting to try to perfect their characters while I just went with a long laundry list of imperfections that made the game somewhat interesting. It will be interesting enough to see people speed run (fewest turns possible) some of the bosses (assuming at the same level) to see what sort of truly overpowered builds people can create.I only wish the game threw a couple more talents your way. Some of them seems crazy useful (Leech) while others seemed like a somewhat waste of points.I didn't really like most of the indoor dungeons, I liked the encounters in the outside areas a lot more, generally (not in the phantom forest). The indoor areas mostly just felt like corridors filled with baddies or rooms filled with switches. The pixel hunt puzzles were so very grating. The area near where you fight a story boss in a library is especially memorable, as well as hidden buttons in the Dark Cove and the last dungeon. I didn't like the last set of puzzles much at all, until the very last part, which was nice but too easy. A hard thing to balance, surely. Either the solution seems a little obtuse or it's spelled out and feel like it's wasting your time. While I say I didn't really like them, it was still more interesting than finding a switch tucked away somewhere.Not really a puzzle but something I'm reminded of are the reason/charm/intimidate skill checks. I really don't like the rock paper scissors implementation at all.I never really found the need or desire to save scum for loot. I guess mainly because the crafting/upgrading of equipment is easy enough, and the importance skills and tactics is MUCH more important than whatever you are wearing. I recall not replacing Jahan's initial staff until he was level ~14 and I realized my Scarlett had a level 5 cap and boots until very near the end of the game. You could beat the game naked. If they fix the issues with the low level loot dropping from higher level areas, then I really don't have much of any problem with it. It doesn't bug me that I might have an old piece of equipment stick around since since I never happened to find a replacement. You make due with what you get.The artstyle and whole tone of the game is definitely pleasant. The exuberant and over-acted mannerisms of some of the npcs definitely set the tone of the game early on. The environments are great, and the music is fitting, and areas like the Temple of SPOILER are haunting as they should be. Sometimes the character models don't look super when zoomed close, but that's minor."
76561198011030345,Recommended,230230,10980419,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Spacecowboy2011,"I've been playing this off and on since the Early Access version went live on Steam. To say that this game, which even in Early Access looked amazingly promising, has come a long way in its development by Larian Studios would be an extreme understatement.At the beginning, you get to develop two characters that will be your primary PCs for your trip through quite an extensive world. Even in just the beta a large chunk of the world was available, now that the full release is finally here, that world is much, much larger now. You can mix and match your starting skills to create anything you might want, from caster, melee, ranged, as well as other things such as making your mage a suave charismatic leader, or your rogue a pickpocket and thief who then turns around and sells the items back to their owners for even more than they are truly worth. Creation of your characters alone can take some time, as the possibilities are near endless.Starting off, the game has obviously had a lot of work put into it. There is a nice tutorial dungeon that does a good job explaining the basics of combat and miscellaneous actions, such as how to deal with traps, pressure plates, locked objects (I love how you can just destroy them if you don't feel like trying to pick the lock, or simply don't have a key) and even then, that's only some of the important mechanics of the game. Your dialogue interactions greatly influence your skills, as you develop traits based on your decisions which can influence combat and social skills by a small amount.Got a friend? Larian has developed a drop in / drop out style of co-op that one can play. Two PCs, two players, you and your friend can create and control one character each, or they can simply drop in and take control of your second PC. It definitely is an interesting system for co-op, and jumping into a game is extremely simple between friends.Even though it says about 25 hours played for the beta, I probably spent close to 50 while in offline mode, and even with all of that time, it still is amazing. Looking forward myself to playing through the entire world now, and I hope that if you purchase this, you'll see just why this game has such amazing potential and enjoyment to be had."
,Not Recommended,230230,14229871,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,zer0das,"Divinity: Original Sin is a mixed bag. There are plenty of positive reviews out there. I personally enjoyed the game enough to beat it, but I will be focusing on the negative.  The main reason for this is there are many mechanics in the game that are frustrating as a player and I think people should at least be aware of these issues. And if RPGs already aren't your cup of tea, these issues are probably enough to make it unenjoyable.Divinity: Original Sin goes out of its way to be misleading, time wasting, and obtuse. If you're someone who enjoys not looking at a wiki when playing a game, you'll be hard pressed to do that with this game. I'll begin with a list of scenarios that have happened to me and then go into more depth. This may come across as nitpicky, but the more you play the game the more you realize scenarios like this are fairly common.In one particular boss fight, I struggled for 2 minutes trying to align my mouse perfectly so I could actually hit the boss. The hitbox of enemies doesn't match the actual sprite, sometimes it is much smaller. This is a problem when the screen gets cluttered and you have multiple people wailing away at a boss. Sprites also move in an ""idle"" animation while the game is waiting for you to make your moves, causing the tiny hit box to move around while you're trying to click. If you click at the wrong moment (very easy to do), well you just moved your character, perhaps took a reaction attack from the opponent, moved through poison or fire, and now you can perform fewer actions as you move back to your original spot to try again. Eventually, I figured out the hitbox was essentially a 2x2 grid (almost down to the pixel) centered on the persons head, but it required so much precision I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to stab this boss, I just simply reloaded the game and waited for them to move out of the bush before starting combat. You can rotate the camera or press ""b"" to do a top down mode, but sometimes this doesn't help either (though top down works ~99% of the time, but it took about 60 hours and a friend to find out this particular camera angle usually works).I decided to do a temple of trials for a particular quest line. Halfway through I realized the opponents in the temple are too strong for me to deal with at my current level. But there's a certain set of switch puzzles that took an infuriating amount of time. The game leads you to believe that if you try enough pots, barrels, and boxes the switches will open- but no, you can only use activate two of the switches with those. You need a very precise weight to trigger all the switches. That's okay, if I hadn't tried about 100 pots/barrels/boxes before looking at a Wiki to realize the game was just screwing with me at this point. Now you usually can leave areas without any real penalties, but my party contracted rot- which is essentially incurable by normal means and requires a rare item and ticks down your health by 1 health per turn until its cured (to a minimum of 1 health). Now you can use a rare item later in the dungeon, but considering I had to  reenter the temple and reaquire rot to finish the quest later, I decided not to. But this required me to run around the game for 5 hours until I found the relatively rare item to cure the condition (and it only happened because my friend happened to tell me where two were that I missed). In the meantime I had to heal my party about every minute so the rot didn't chunk my health.There's a perception stat that helps you see hidden things, along with making you have a higher crit percent. If only it actually helped you be more perceptive against enemies.  I was derping around a cave and sort of knew some enemies were coming up, so I casted increased sight. Shame it didn't matter, the invisible enemies lurking in the bushes don't trigger until you trigger an enemy in broad sight further up no matter how perceptive your character is. They also can't be hit until they move once. So if you took the main route and kept your party close, you're now horribly flanked regardless of what statistical and personal decisions you made. Your only option is to reload the game and keep your party further back and then agro with a ranged weapon. Why not reward the player for actually planning instead of running semi-scripted battles and reward reloading the game because now you know how its scripted? It feels like most of the challenge from ordinary fights is from these scripted events given where I'm at in the game, and not the actual fight itself.Other major complaints:1. Nearly every fight in the first map involves fire and/or poison. Contracting one of these twice is enough to kill a party member early without healing, and if they come into contact with each other they explode.  The end result is you spend a disprorptionate amount of time running away to remove poison/fire early in the game. There aren't any real countermeasures available early, at least not ones you can afford/waste skill points on. It's nice in small doses, but it seems like the later in the game it gets the more prone my screen is getting coated with hazards from magic spells. If I had a rain spell I could just clear it, but I don't (party choices- too late to turn back, and I can't find a skill book).2. Vendor randomness severely limits your spell and equipment choices. You don't learn spells/skills like a typical RPG where you level up and learn them- you need skill books. Which would be fine, except vendor loadouts change when you level, and if something isn't there, it isn't there. There are some presets or high probability skill books that are almost always there, but the rarer stuff is hard to get. Later in the game there's more vendors which helps alleviate this problem, but you can go through the game and not know a spell even exists until a boss smashes you with it. Some people would argue this increases the replayability of the game, but if I don't read a wiki I don't even know what I'm missing. There's also not an awful lot of choice in the early game, because what you have often comes down to what drops/spawns in dungeons.  Isn't this typically when characters start to differentiate? Leveling didn't feel particularly rewarding as a result.3, The AI is extremely hit or miss. If you reload a game and play a fight, sooner or later the enemies do really derpy things. An example is my friend ignited an oil barrel which caused a plume of smoke around the boss. The boss sat still and burned to death because it couldn't see outside the cloud and the skeletons refused to cross the fire. A boss just sits there while eating projetiles and spells because it can't see? Another fight later has a boss that can summon a quasi-AOE fire spell that can do like 300 damage. Turns out the best way to beat him is to reload until the boss sits around♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥its turns on other stuff and just pray to your deity he doesn't ever use it. I can't help but feel something is being lost when that's the extent of the AI and how I'm using the save/load system.4. I feel like for being a fairly open game, it goes out of its way to force me down a certain path, Which would be fine, but having to wander around until you find monsters that are about your level and just reloading/running away when you don't feels ham fisted. Enemy level spikes don't feel natural, and often I'm unsure where to go becaues its possible to have 10+ concurent quests fairly easily. The game really doesn't prime the player enough by having difficult but barely possible fights to let them know it might be a bad idea to keep wandering down this road.I could go on, but I'm running out of space. Suffice to say there's a lot of flaws in this game, and it tends to compound as the game goes on. There's so many simple improvements that could have been made."
,Recommended,230230,10875324,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mister Shine,"My first two hours:A dog agreed to help me on a quest, half (the upper half to be precise) of a zombie decimated my crew, I fell through a hole and ended up in a dungeon, I traveled through time and space where I met an immortal imp and the personification of Time itself, I shamelessly sold a talking oyster even though he begged me not to, a bull read my fortune, I fought a zombie that had a flamethrower, I made a horrible looking fish pie, I convinced a man to keep his charmed orc sex slave, I put a bucket in my head, I stole golden cutlery, I ate raw dough, I joined what I'm sure is a pyramid scheme, I intimidated my own partner, a cat killed me, a sheep told me to look out for were-sheep, a ♥♥♥♥ing chicken told me off, I then helped kill that ♥♥♥♥ing chicken, I convinced a man to steal fish and then snitched on him and I sneaked as a bush even though I was inside a house (not suspicious at all).11/10"
76561198051425125,Recommended,230230,26569594,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sckolar,"I have commited an unoriginal sin by judging this game before I even played it.Friend: ""Hey dude, check this out!""Me: ""Ah, it's probably not good""WRONG!Divinity: Original Sin is the most fun multiplayer experience I have had in quite a while. You play as two characters that you create known as ""Source Hunters"" in a turn-based RPG game. You have free roam of the world around you filled with story and enemies at every turn. You can play co-op, as the other player creates and takes the role of the second source hunter.STORY:You arrive on a ship to Rivellon. A place filled with Turmoil, under the threat of source. Evil mages are plotting against the world, and it is your job to stop them. As you travel, you will come accross countless side quests for leveling up.Mechanics:It's a free roam game until you spot and or spotted by enemies. Once spotted, imedient turn-based combat begins. this is really fun for working with the other player and formulating a good srategy. Generally I find myself reloading saves quite often because of how difficult the game is. There is such thing as making the ""wrong party"" and screwing up your leveling, each time you level up, you get an attribute (strength, Dexterity, Will, ECT) and rofficiency is weapons, armor, ect.The map is fun, although I will say that for how ""Free"" you are, the game is pretty linear. Anyone who will say otherwise isn't totally wrong either though. You can do whatever quest you want, go where you want, but go anywhere that the enemies are 2 levels above you and you will get *DEMOLISHED*Resistance to stun, poison, prone, and pretty much everything is important in this game. all negative things are deadly. During combat you can use the environment to your advanage. See a puddle? Electrocute the enemy standing it with a shock spell. See a poisonous cloud? Shoot a fire arrow, and it explodes! Is the ground of fire? Break that barrel filled with water to put it out! Is the enemy attacking your mage? use his spell to teleport the enemy on the fire that the water barrel missed. So much strategy in this game. You can learn to abilities by purchasing skill books, and teaching your character new abilities."
,Recommended,230230,32163941,Posted: 3 June,all,DrBlazeyJoints,"Fun, but lots of reading."
76561197964429773,Recommended,230230,8749673,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Brainz,**Early Access Impression**I remember the days of Divine Divinity one of my favorite rpgs of all time.  This game brings me back to that.  There are certainly bugs and some unfinished content.  As far as performance goes I have had zero crashes and with all graphics settings maxed out it runs great.  The graphics style they chose to use is really good imho.  I'm loving it so far and would recommend to anyone that enjoys a turn based rpg with a lot of promise.  This is the first early access game I have been willing to try up to this point.  One of the best features about this game is the coop.  I have not had this much fun in a long time.  I would absolutely recommend playing with another person if you have the option and to use some sort of voice chat.  I will try to update this as new updates are released.
,Recommended,230230,15258766,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Shiny and Chrome,"one of the best rpgs on steam without a doubt.  totally unique and super intelligent!  absolutely the best rpg to come out in many years.  there are so many little things from older pre 2000s rpgs you see.  this game has it's own particular following too - it doesn't cater to children or fools.  If you're the type of person who cheats when you get stuck - you will miss out on the very rewarding puzzle solving, secret finding, and riddle answering game."
,Recommended,230230,11447504,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,NanoByteGhost,"This is nothing like the previous Divinity games which where action RPGs or Strategy games and pretty average to crap to be honest. Divinity Origin Sin is in the same league as Neverwinter Nights and Balders Gate. A real hard core honest to god RPG. The first real RPG in about a decade I would say and I am 30+ year gamer not some school kid.Larger publishers have been dumping our games down for about 10 years and the modern RPG now comes with the title Action RPG because its short on RPG and heavy on action. The truth is, old RPGs where heavy on action and heavy on RPG so these action RPGS are really just half a game.This game though is old school RPG, the fully crowd funded no publisher to spoil it monty.... On  metacritics users gave it 91% ands I agree with that score.... Recommended...."
,Not Recommended,230230,34352380,Posted: 19 August,all,ilintar,"To be honest, I really have mixed feelings about this one.On one hand, this is a very well realized classical isometric RPG. The mechanics are quite well done, which put it one notch above Pillars of Eternity, which, at some points, is simply a chore to play.On the other hand, I am a story freak. I love games with good and cohesive stories. This game doesn't really deliver on that field.It's a pity because I really enjoyed the stories of the original Divinity games. That's why I had high hopes coming into this one. However, I didn't manage to even finish this one - simply because I lost interest. The storyline drags a lot with not really many interesting twists and not enough happening to keep it going.So, if you enjoy a decent world and good turn-based mechanics, this RPG is for you, If, like me, you enjoy a good leading story and characters, than I would wait for the sequel - hopefully it will address the storybuilding flaws."
,Recommended,230230,29780513,Posted: 8 February,all,Svalbaz,Great game. But get the Extended Edition instead.
,Recommended,230230,8786197,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Molotova,"I do recommend the game when it is all done. For the early release, buyer's beware. See laundry list of issues below (I am submitting feedback here, I cant be asked to create a larian forum account to submit feedback, sorry devs), I am not mentioning known issues or unfinished areas as they go without saying.Likes:- Controlling 2 characters with different personalities; when they argue with each other it feels schizophrenic.- The elements interacting with each other and the environment is great.- Game is stable, had no crashes. Just one lockup into a dialogue that I couldn't exit, no biggie.Things that need/will/should be fixed:- I saw an Orc attacking his shaman, I guess the latter got caught in an AoE cast by the former. It was hilarious, actually maybe this is working as intended, they are after all Orcs.- Almost all of the inhabitants have a comment when asked about that crime committed in town, ""Esme did it, she is guilty as sin"". Was fun when Esme herself had that comment.- Attacking NPCs... We murdered some 5 guards in town. No one seems to care. No witnesses, but still... somebody should react to that.- Attacking main NPCs... When approaching a certain main NPC weapons in hand confronting him... He literally disappeared in a puff of smoke. Was hoping the game would deal with it a bit better.- Balance. Seems ranged + magic is much more powerful than melee. I have won battles 3 (level 3) vs 10 (level 5+) by environment & AoE spells,  summoned creatures tanking and ranged weapons,... that is great, but my main characters actually had more talent/skill points in melee combat, going into melee was very painful not to mention degraded weapon and armour.- Need killing blow to gain XP; XP denial by allied NPC. Seems it is better to let the NPCs die or kill stealing from them, than actually fighting with them as allies.- I have characters skilled in gear repair and lock-picking,... no idea if they are not implemented or I just haven't found out how to used them or am missing an item to do it (lockpick ? Repair tool ?)- Piles of gold in inventory. So I usually get a bit of gold for every transaction with an NPC. Problem is I now have 10 piles of gold cluttering my inventory, couldn't find a way to consolidate them into a single one.- When attacking if you miss-click you can end up healing an enemy or attacking an ally. I don't mind that in principle, but maybe get a warning ""Are you sure you want to do that ?"" would be helpful. Especially since with the isometric view, it is sometimes hard to target a crab behind a character when only a wiggly leg appears behind her. The most hilarious thing was my character *shield bashing herself* instead of the crab."
,Recommended,230230,10499646,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,blight0r,"Holy cow - What an RPG!Haven't been engaged like this in a long time, a few hours in and I'm not skipping the in game text anymore.It's so great, you must play this!"
,Recommended,230230,14288406,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,the-simian,"Over 10 years ago, I was rummaging in a bargain bin at a local Best Buy. Back then, you see we bought software in boxes and drove home with them. Backwards; i know. Nontheless, I came across an interesting box, for cheap: Divine Divinity.Divine Divinity. Like, Wet Water, or Dirty Dirt, the name was sure akward, but it was friday and was less than 5 bucks.Turns out I ended up loving that game. It remined me of Arkanum, another relatively unknown and awesome title from the era. I continued to follow this, at the time, relatively unknown game company's Divinity series. Through Divinity II, Eco Draconis and so on.These games are all, at their core, well balanced and artfulyl constructed rpg's that don't deviate far from the genre. They incorporate humor judiciously in the games, giving the game a quirky, 4th wall breaking feel from time to time. Most importantly, they are jsut quite fun, all of them.So here is the latest one. From the looks of it, a quite successful game for the company. Truthfully, there are things I preferred about previous games, butt his one certainly deserves its place in the series.Sinply put, this is a solidly crafted isometric rpg that remined me very much of the first time I played Divine Divinity. I even recognise some of the musical tracks from the first game in this game's excellent soundtrack. Very cool for an old fan!If you know how to play a game like this, it is of reasonable difficulty. Save often. If the game seems like everythign is too difficult, you're in the wrong place. I did feel like a few of the 'puzzles' were a bit too 'chancey' in their resolution. *possible spoiler* I can easily see a perfectly astute player never finding the White Witch, due to the mere trickle of information provided on what to do next (and how to do it).Despite any clunkiness, I still resommend the game. This company is, and has always been worth supporting."
,Recommended,230230,11893077,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Jaxar,"Easily my GOTY so far for 2014. Divinity: Original Sin is a great throwback to old school RPG’s, with some great and varied questing (be prepared for lots of reading!) lots of loot, talent trees, magic/skills, etc. I found the visuals very appealing, with lots of colour and great artistry. The music is top notch and fits the game perfectly. The combat (turn-based) is just heaps of fun, with all the different spells and skills available to use. The strategic combos of elemental magic never gets old.In the end I played almost 90 hours and didn’t encounter a single bug or glitch, which is quite a feat considering the scope of this game. All in all this is a must play for all fans of meaty turn-based RPG’s.  Can’t recommend it enough."
76561198003938204,Recommended,230230,10811151,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,freakachu,killed the semi-deaf mayor and stole all his possessions after my wife aggro'd his cat by trying to pickpocket it.  10/10 would usurp again.
,Recommended,230230,11100345,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ashelia,"You will like this even if you aren't a CRPG fan due to its co-op nature. If you're an old school RPG player, however, you'll immediately be drawn back into your childhood--of the times spent discovering Fallout 2's world and Baldur's Gate. Even if you spent time with the Final Fantasy series and other JRPGs, you'll still be reminded heavily of the past.Both western and Japanese RPGs are genres that suffered as we moved into millennium. They lost their purpose and games evolved, leaving them behind. It takes games like Divinity: Original Sin to remind us of what a RPG really is. Its combat is old school and turn-based, its loot similarly complex, and its storyline muddied and epic in every sense of the word. It plays like a 1990's game through and through, of a RPG that has entirely too much crammed into its tiny world.Except, well, this world isn't so tiny. In a modern age, the designers can fit as much as they want. In result, they've managed to make a modern CRPG while keeping the vintage feeling. Cyseal is stuffed full of side quests, treasure, friends, and foes. It feels almost alive, bustling with NPCs and activities to do. Every barrel has an ingredient for something you don't know how to make just yet, every area has a few NPCs you don't know their purpose of, and it's easy to get lost. But you won't mind it that much. A graveyard has a secret tunnel that takes you to a few chests and some enemies; cellars can have great riches or just cobwebs; and you can explore so many areas in so many ways.At the end of the day, it's an experience and it's mostly an amazing one. I truly recommend it. There are frustrating moments, confusing game design choices, a few annoying bugs, and, as with every CRPG, the game is unfriendly to new players. But it's not unfriendly without a purpose. It's unfriendly to try to inspire nostalgia which it successfully does, paying homage to an entire decade of gaming. For an indie studio to accomplish this via Kickstarter and to accomplish it so well is nothing short of a miracle.Now please excuse me. If you'll need me, I'll be off sneaking somewhere--probably opening a few chests and stealing a few paintings from the inn.  It's nothing personal, dear mayor. I just rolled a character who was heartless."
76561197994993944,Recommended,230230,29908145,Posted: 13 February,all,TheScrewdriverSaint,"DivOS is a solid, fun, and often funny CRPG with some pretty unique mechanics for environmental interaction that will greatly change how you approach combat in almost every encounter. It takes some unique twists on standard fantasy storytelling, and has a very relaxing ""stop and smell the roses"" pacing that nonetheless drives its story forward without derailing too often.The graphics, while fairly humble in fidelity, are vibrant, clear, and lovingly crafted, with each environment displaying personal effort in making them look believable. This is doubly valuable in combat, where areas of danger (or benefit, depending), are easily defined and the positioning of enemies is likewise.Playing with a friend in co-op is a blast, allowing both your PCs equal purchase in conversation, and even the ability to disagree or argue with your friend. Outside of fully leaving the current map, which requires you to gather your party before venturing forth, you don't even have to always be together which creates some fun moments of parallel travel and risk to complete objectives simultaneously.DivOS' weaknesses are mostly technical and balance related.Technically, there are just some polish and functionality weaknesses in the product; personally the volume sliders were always binary for me. 1-100 was ""on"" and 0 was ""off,"" meaning my voice chat with my friend was often fighting for audio supremacy, something that would often balloon into a bigger problem with certain NPCs whose audio-leveling-out was wildly inconsistent, either shattering my ears or being imperceptible. On top of this most of the voicework is ugly or weird; it's clear there was a reach for comedy here, but it's way off the mark--the writing is better by far in this case.Balance-wise, the game is all over the map. My personal experience, with a melee-heavy party (two two-handed weapon users, both focused on Man-at-Arms skills), my friend attempting a rogue, and a single wizard, was that melee is incredibly bad in the beginning of the game. Hit chance is very, very low, leading to lots of big wiffs and encounters that SHOULD be simple becoming complex and difficult. While this slowly improved, it took a lot of investment in skills and gear to do so, and even then my character was still inconsistent. Similarly, my friend's Rogue was wholesale useless, and he took a turn into making his character into a support mage, which was what helped propel our party forward.On the other end of the spectrum, magic-users are incredibly powerful. Some exceedingly good spells that can deal big damage AND stun/root/control enemies have a one-turn cooldown, meaning our wizard character could dominate the battlefield with damage and status effects every time his turn came around. This NPC became the linchpin of our party, creating openings for the rest of us to deal damage.So, is it worth it with these issues? What's the good news? All of the above weaknesses were fixed with the Enhanced Edition, which rebalanced combat (especially in the early game) to be less punishing for melee players, gave Wizards better weapons (wands), but fairer cooldowns, and fixed all the technical oddities like the audio bugs. On top of this, they polished the visuals up and, near as I can tell, re-recorded ALL of the voice work for the game to remove the more grating VO and give many NPCs full voice-acting. Even better: if you own THIS version, you can get the Enhanced Edition for free, and it is ABSOLUTELY worth your time, even if only to see the work Larian put into this re-freshing of an already solid game.This is an excellent game, and almost more importantly, Larian Studios is an excellent developer. Few companies would be willing to spend the time to improve an already-released title wholesale, even fewer would be willing to give it to you for free. Support developers like this, let the gaming world know this kind of players-first behaviour should be rewarded!"
,Recommended,230230,25989473,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Eve Narlieth,"I didn't play any of the classic RPGs like Baldur Gates, but when this game came out it promised so many things that I miss from modern RPGs (yes I know, hipster). It expanded on things I love, like turn based and tactical combat, lots of dialogue and freedom to interact with the world in several ways. I loved that questlines could be solved in different ways, including ""cheesing"" it. For me, that makes it feel more believable. In real life, you don't have a set ways of dealing with things, you improvise. I finally finished the game on PS4, because that's more my thing, and I was impressed how well the controls translated."
76561198144204882,Recommended,230230,33422839,Posted: 9 July,all,Foretold,"Would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes the genre. I have never tried the multiplayer aspect of the game, but the single player aspect is all that I had hoped for: entertaining story and campaign, good description of things in general (talents, spells, objectives....). Might get ""stuck"" at some point if you pick a horrible combination of heroes/talents/spells, so I would recommend checking some guides before getting started, especially if you plan on playing the game on higher diffculties."
76561198018963879,Recommended,230230,12539795,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,midnatt,Been playing RPGs since the early 90ies and have really missed games like this. Excellent balance. Great story. Love the UI and graphics. I want more!
76561198008183644,Recommended,230230,12091231,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Vibalist,Everything you've been waiting for since true RPGs died. Definite purchase!
,Recommended,230230,11273340,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Linearskillz,"Divinity: Original Sin is one of the best games I've played in a long, long time. It strikes a very good balance between old school cRPG and modern design. It has plenty of text, quests, exploration, and discovery while including many of the usability improvements we've come to expect these days.The combat system is probably the best I've ever played in a game like this. I've been on the fence of the Turn Based vs Real Time with Pause argument but this game makes a hell of a case for turn based gameplay. The elemental combinations and environmental interactions are exceptionally executed and allow for tactics I've never experienced in a game before.As of this review I'm at 82 hours played on my second playthrough and still enjoy it tremendously. I absolutely cannot wait to see what mods we'll get for it.It's not perfect (which game is?) but it's damn good. At the rate they've been updating the game (every few days) I expect Divinity: Original Sin to settle in nicely with the greats of the cRPG genre.But, it's not for everyone. While the moment to moment writing is generally excellent the whimsical tone may turn people off and the overall plot rather bland. I've seen complaints from people accustomed to modern game handholding - it's true the game does not slap down objective markers and tell you where to go at all times. You need to talk to NPCs and pay attention to quest details. If you love exploring and the reward you get from discovery then you owe it to yourself to check out Divinity: Original Sin."
76561198129227544,Recommended,230230,29909700,Posted: 13 February,all,amelia,"that one is hard.this game was cool at first but turned out the complete opposite near the ending.the character creation is nice and flexible, and you actually can make real multi-class from any class (and there is the one with the perk of talking to animals!). the quests and dialogues are cute in good old classic rpg style. the fights are hard enough to be entertaining but not impossible, the fighting system is interesting, i especially liked that you can combine different areas of effects to create even more effects!so, those traits were bright and noticable, in the beginning this punch you in the face and make you enjoy every second of game. but after some time this feeling faded and let you see a lot of issues.first of all, there are thons of bugs. i played with my friend, and i must admit, the coop is made not as well as we dreamed it would be. my friend was hosting me, so she had all the saves. the game kept sending her messages that 'the space in the cloud is almost over'  despite the fact that we had a few saves, and all the loadings were really long despite my friend's laptop is good enough to run the witcher 3. we  struggled with a lot of problems with connection, even when we played sitting at the same couch.there was a mindblowing bug when you just had loaded your save and than found out that your character's stats were dropped to the values you had at level one, and now your high-level equipment doesn't fit you anymore, and you need to reload to fix this.the locations in the middle and the end of the game are big and boring. most fights became boring after level 10 or so. and the further you go in the game there more it is clear that all the story is about the lamest love triangle. most quests near the ending are long and contain frustrating puzzles my least favourite type: to solve those you need to push buttons in the order you have no clue about. the worse was the one where you need not just push the buttons, but put a very specific burden on them. that one made us miserable.the ending is confusing and felt rushed. the final battle lefts you with the  'and that's it?!' feeling.but i must admit, i have a suspicion that the huge part of all those issues were fixed in enchansed edition. the only problem is: enchansed edition needs much more powerful hardware than mine, so i didn’t have a chance to test it.i know that this game was fully sponsored by kickstarter donations, and i think that developers tried their best. i also heared that the second part is much, much better than the first, and i think, i might gave it second chance as soon as i'll get a new laptop. so i'll go with 'recomend'. i still have some expectations and there is no option to write the neutral review here on steam."
76561197969749884,Recommended,230230,31014638,Posted: 8 April,all,Sarkoth,A brilliant game by Larian and one of the most fun coop RPGs ever released. Think Dungeon Siege in far far better.
76561198238578330,Recommended,230230,24896193,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,r_brown95,"Incredible soundtrack plus an in depth tactical combat system that an RPG fan can like, after figuring it out. I like that this game doesn't hold your hand through the game and you are left to figure some of the game out on your own. The in game tutorial is very helpful. I highly recommend the game to fans of Turn Based RPGs."
,Recommended,230230,14106159,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,raixel,"This game is hands down the best turn based isometric RPG to come out since the late 90s- early 2000s. Its mindblowing. It is everything a true RPG fan could want, depth, story, tactics, customization. So many modern RPGs are dumbed down, basically a siries of ""go here, do this"" fetch, kill the whatzit, ect quests with little minimap icons to point you along the way.Not Divinity: Original Sin.  Its challenging. It makes you think, use tactics and your environment in combat, and also to get hidden bits of story. If you just wade in to battle, expect to get pulverized.Its for the die hard RPG fan. Casual players or people who expect to always win and not talk to people and go places just for more plot are not going to like this. People who want a modern take on the great RPGs of the late 90s are going to think their dreams came true with this one.I know I did.As far as the co-op goes, its a cool feature and I suppose some people like it, but I could have totally done without it. Really. RPGs are single player in my world. Fortunately, you can choose a ""personality"" for the char youre not playing, or just pick the dialogue yourself. If your chars disagree a ""rock paper scissors"" type game insues, where you get bonuses based on the type of answer you made (if you have a high skill in a type of answer, you get more points) and the winner of that is the one who makes the final choice. Its interesting to say the least."
,Recommended,230230,28410420,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,StowOwnsYou,"Worth it for the conversations you overhear between enemies/npcs alone.  Beautiful dialogue and voices, and a coop experience with the two of you in the same room that is magnificient.  Still an incredible experience."
,Recommended,230230,23800635,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LeberMac,"This game is great, learning the combnations of using elements together/against each other is outstanding. Tactics are wonderful and enemies are not powered by stupid A.I. This game has weeks and weeks of initial playthrough, and a lot of fun replayability on subsequent playthroughs using different tactics. Character creation / customization is a little weak, but doesn't affect the game much. Playing with a friend as the other character is VERY fun. There's humor, camaraderie... and steel-on-steel. The stuff of legend! Right, Boo?  9/10 Highly recommended."
76561198046691355,Recommended,230230,17348580,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,steven.viscido,"Overall, this is a decent game, especially for one that was funded by Kickstarter and did not have the mega-budgets of some of the larger RPGs from companies like Bioware.  I find it generally fun, but there are a lot of issues with the game surrounding lack of information given to the player either int he manual or during game play about how the game actually works.Pros -+ Free-form character development: there are no classes so you can design a character however you want. But this can also be a con, see below.+ Immersive world with an interesting backstory and good motivations for your characters+ Ability to RP the characters in the actual game, not just in local chat, by using conversation options even among your own part members.+ Complete control over the NPCs - there is no need to live with idiot AI to charge stupidly into battle and cause a team wipe. You also control what skills and abilities they take as they level up.+ Graphics and sound are good+ Open world that lets you do just about anything within reason.  You won't see a lot of 'you can't do that' messages from the game, which is nice.Cons -- Lack of *useful* information for the player detracts from the freeform character design. For example, I had to discover online that higher skill ranks cost more to purchase, and would not simply unlock as level went up. There is no indiation of this anywhere in game nor in the game manual. The manual is also very vauge on things like how points you will have to invest, what the max level is, etc. You can easily nerf your own character due to this lack of information.- Prices at the vendors are psychotically insane given what you find while adventuring.  The only way to stay 'on par' (with what the game seems to expect you to have) is to steal everyone blind and sell them back their own stuff. This utterly wrecks immersion unless you have a party full of kleptos.  Not to mention stealing is stupidly easy to do and not get caught, so the claim in the game manual, that stealing leads to a rep hit, is patently false unless you're dumb enough to steal right in front of the NPCs.- Way too many quests make their way into your journal before you can finish even one that you are working on, so this game is like Skyrim in that it suffers from massive quest spam. Also, several quests are really about the same thing, which just clutters up the journal.- Speaking of quests, many of the quest entries are utterly useless because they are too vauge, things like 'You noticed something interesting about the door in Jon's house.' Oh THAT is going to help me next week when I get back to investigating this quest.- In what appears to be a misguided effort to make the game seem hardcore, without actually being hardcore, it is way too easy to die and way to easy to rez in this game. Death is meaningless if you can just resurrect people.- The economy is completely broken. This is related to the stealing.  You have to steal people blind because you need money, but stealing them blind gives you more than you need, so you are walking around swishing huge bags of gold by level 4. The designers clearly realized this so they made things expensive and forced you to die and buy res scrolls (see above) to help drain some gold. Which they only needed to do because they made stealing so profitable in the first place.On the whole I think the flaws are serious but not game-breaking.  I am giving this game a very weak thumbs-up. I don't regret buying it, and I am having fun playing with a friend co-op because I have not been able to play a paper RPG with him for many years and this lets us relive the good-old days. But I have to admit if this game were solo, I'd probably have stopped playing it after a few hours because of all the issues, especially the broken economy."
,Recommended,230230,12866147,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Grisbill,"This game is Great. Best RPG i played this year with Wasteland 2 (waiting for the witcher 3).Nowadays its rare when you need 80 hours to finish a RPG and im glad to see those 2 games showing us what it was to play a rpg like baldur's gates back in the days.The sound track is awsome, the dialogs are goods.This game has probably one of the best turn by turn combat system i ever saw in a video game.Hes not flawless though. The thiefs skills are bads, like very bad. You disarm like 99% of the traps by shooting them because the tools are expensives, and single-use. Anyway there are only mines, nothing more.If you want to open a locked chest its ten time easier to bash his face with an unbreakable weapon than using again an expensive and single-use tool.The stealth is in my opinion useless in combat, invisibility skill (every rogue can have it at level 1 if i remenber well) does the job though so the rogue is still very powerfull in combat).But these problems doesnt change the fact this game is a must have for everyone loving  RPGs"
,Recommended,230230,9739407,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,PhoenicianSon,"Many ask now-a-days, ""where have all the good [RPG] games gone, and where are all the [developer] gods?  Where's that [Playable] Streetwise Hercules to fight the rising odds?"", and ain't it all too true?  Gone are the golden days of the old school RPG's that made the genre the gods of Olympus in the world of video games: Fallout, Neverwinter, Wasteland, all genre defining titles.  Where have they gone? Well, they have been replaced with fast paced  3D, in your face, Action RPGs, that look pretty with their special effects and complex skill trees, but lack the depth of the, ""choose your own adventure in an open world"", style of PRG gameplay that everyone grew up on, and grew to love.  Well, the wait is over!Divinity seeks to place the genre back on Mt. Olympus with its phenomenal engineered throw back to the old school era of RPGs, but with its own, unique, ""new school flavor""; all wrapped in a pretty bow - as in the interactable world and environment built around it.  Dvinity plays just like the ""oldies, but goodies"", yet with a refreshing approach implementing new elements to modernize the dead genre while breathing new life into the RPG's of old.Despite bridging the gaps by filling in the missing components of the early century Golden Age of ""bird's eye view RPG's"", Divinity reaches beyond the limitations of the earler ""industry defining"" releases in the open world RPG genre. Divinity offers an unpredented depth to character development by offering a plethora of archtypes, styles of play, and even so far as each character's personality through an AI setting to be available at release.  The ""AI"" setting is your characters disposition, which I look forward to experiencing the impact it will have with NPC interactions, and the game play as a whole.  Divinity makes the world around the player character come alive and cooexist with the player character's choices offering a synergy unlike what you have seen before in an open world, ""choose your own adventure"", RPG's.Combat is of course turn based, and strategic to say the least; in many situations, survival is contingent on using the environment to garner an edge against your enemies through spells and or skills.  Spells, certain weaponry - particularly arrows bought or crafted by Rangers- as well as skillsets also help the player navigate and negotiate dangerous environmental restrictions such as, poisonous areas, grounds scorched by fire, or frozen over by ice, and environmentally hastened, strengthened, and even weakened, enemies.  Only by negating or taking advantage of these effects can your characters safely gain passage whether they are navigating through dangerous environments, or fighting certain combatants requiring the player to use thought and purpose to progress through the game.You start with two fully customizable characters based on existing archetypes, or you can build their skill sets and spell pools to your own style of gameplay.  During your trevails, you will be introduced to companions who will join your crusade with their own personal disposition towards your actions and inactions with ongoing interactions with your player characters as the game progresses.  Your chacters themselves will also interact through dialogue to support one another's choices or to contradict eachother using skills gained during gameplay through these interactions.Divinity Original Sin offers a deeply enriched environment.  The backstory is that the player characters are ""Source Hunters"", or investigators that quell threats of people using an evil form of necromancy magic called, the ""Source"".  It all begins with the investigation into a murder at Cyseal, requiring the player character to interact with several NPC's to unravel the mystery until their investigation leads to fruition with answers to satisfy the residents of Cyseal.Quests, in general, are multilayered requring the player to embrace thought and consideration into the process of unravelling the mysteries to find the answers their quest-givers seek.  These quests are not arms length transactions like the RPG's of old: find this, get that, kill that, come back.  Rather, quests are integrated into the fabric of the game.  Some of them require not one, two, or even three steps, but an inumerable chain of steps to achieve your ultimate goals.  This provides a sense of unity and singular purpose in discovering the solutions whereby what you decide to do in one quest, may ultimately affect the results of another or multiple quest chains.  This offers a very unique experience to RPG players both old and new.  Players generally have to interact with most of the NPCs in order to decipher what needs to be done to complete each quest, while certain quests still maintain a simple and direct passage offering diversity.  The several quests that are connected to the main quest never ends.  Once you have completed the chain in one area, it spills over to the next area, and I assume so on and so forth - I only assume because the beta ends with completing the main quest in the first area, as the following areas are currently locked out of Beta.  All the while, quest completion feels organic and intuitive so te storyline doesn't feel disconnectedl.To advance the experience further, Divinity DNA includes crafting sourced from genre defining games like the Ultima series.  You can craft an innumerable number of items, from clothing to weapons, potions to scrolls, magic items to non-magical items, all based on your crafting skills, the recipe books you have uncovered, and the simple purity of trial and error by mixing various ingredients to learn new compounds.  The crafting component offers a whole layer to the game that can keep you entertained for hours, if only to learn more combinations to create items, potions, weapons, and then twice over by mixing crafted items with crafted maigcal items to create magical properties within crafted items.Divinity: Original Sin is truly the RPG, with old school blood, of this decade, perhaps the century.  If you are a purist when it comes to ""top down, open world"" RPG's, you will not be disappointed with the depth, novelty, and versatility of this game.  Not only does the game offer a core storyline for you to playthrough, but upon full release, players will have the opportunity to create their own environments, NPCs, characters and quests of their own to upload to developer servers for others to play.  These tools offer the level of depth that most online games with similar tools could only dream of providing to their player base.You would probably expect that I would be wrapping up this review, but there's more. The game can be played single player. One of the more defining characteristics of this game is the opportunity to have one player character controlled by a second person.  You can play with a friend and divide and conquer, performing whatever actions you choose free from the other player and all across the environment.Although the game is only in Beta stage, the total time to complete this area will keep you engaged for up to 25 hours, or longer, depending upon how many rocks you turn over to find what you are looking for while completing your quests.  I can only imagine what the final release will hold with a multitude of additional areas to play through.  This is type of game that has the highest level of replayability for an RPG.Your decisions do not weigh lightly in this game, but rather define the your experience, how those act around you, and the ultimate conclusion of your conquest.  This is worth every cent if you are an RPG lover, and Divinity: Original Sin truly sets a new precedent for all RPG titles released after its full publication."
76561198114364917,Recommended,230230,32641910,Posted: 22 June,all,Krishna,I think this is one of the best (or the best) Turn-based RPGs of last ten years. I recommend it to everyone who likes this type of games!
,Recommended,230230,11816209,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,raubrey,"I've never had a more difficult time rating a game than Divinity Original Sin because 1) It's one of a kind. 2) Expectations were quite high for an epic RPG 3) There are so few decent turn-based and even real-time with pause RPGs so it *had* to be good, just had to...or else it was back to replays of old favorites (again).I will give it two ratings, one for my experience and one tempered with others' feedback in consideration (see below) as my personal experience score is both lower and possibly atypical.Overall, I give it 4 out of 5 stars.The breakdown:Interactive environment (5)Story/dialog/pace - drags on, not inspiring (3)Companions  (2) lifeless (correction - 1 point for ability, 1 for existence)Graphics (4.5)Combat  (3.5) --repetitive, but neat spells/skills.Music (3.8) Edit  -- 4+ as standalone and main theme, in particular, but not in-game. Mostly very light and less inspiring in context of the atmosphere, unlike other Divinity games.Overall enemy variety & game world (5)Leveling (3.5) - slow and unrewarding though refreshingly different with Action Points.Dependability/bugs (3.5) --needs a few more patches but is mostly smooth.Replayabilty (4) (if you like it yes, if not, no)Gameplay Hours - (5) Fantastic! 60-150 hours.Tactics -- lots of cheese/repetition (3.5)Mods/Editor - (potentially 5 but to be determined).Voice acting (3) - limited.Loot (5) For loot maniacs. May be overabundant for some players.Quests  (4) --better than average, not so fetchy.Puzzles - Yes - love or hate themAtmosphere  (3) e.g. lack of dynamic weather, immersive sound and dungeons are not scary.Dynamic Events - largely absentConsequences - few or not impacting other than in combat.Map / Inventory/Journal  (2.5 to 3)Crafting - (3.5)A problem with the game is that the sum is not greater than its parts. It would make a much better 30-40 hour game than an  epic-length one, in its current state given it stalls out for story-driven, if not combat, players.But, if you come to the game with no expectations of Baldur's Gate et al. and in a light-hearted mood (for tis not a dark/mature game) your money should be well-spent. You may even love the game, some really do.If you're looking for the next epic classic RPG,though, you're on the road to disappointment. So come equipped with an open-mind for best results.***If you like turn-based RPGs Divinity Original Sin is most worth taking a look at *** and it may well one day be considered a cult classic as the niche following is strong.----------------------My personal experience rating, however, is 3.5 -3.8.I'm an older gamer and don't necessarily represent the majority of Larian fans, though love most of their games. Original Sin started as a holiday dinner and soon became two-day old, leftover turkey sandwiches after 40ish hours -- stale and bland, though a bit tasty with salt when available. I actually quit the game 3/4 the way through, from boredom,though plan to return to it someday (tm).My standards are rather distinct for an RPG and in disclosure I lean strongly towards Neverwinter Nights series or Baldur's Gate-type games (aside from strategy, open-world and select aRPGs) as well as those with darker undertones.Additionally, I even felt Shadowrun,  XCom and Disciples combat was much more enjoyable. I think with mods this game could turn around. Right now it is a diamond in the rough, or so it appears. Multiplayer may offer a ton of fun and that I am unable to comment on.Lastly, of note, my Steam hours are artificially inflated -- both with Alpha and leaving the game running. The real-hours are closer to 150, but nonetheless I well got my money's worth at that rate. The game is better than average but needs serious work to shine.Most importantly, it needs a soul.Still, future games in this genre will have a new threshold to meet in modernized cRPGs."
,Recommended,230230,10985244,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HyperMegaMuffin,HIghlly reccomnend for fans of good old fashion pen and paper rpgs. the level of customisation is unreal. game play is tight and easy to pick up.
76561198053256252,Recommended,230230,23514719,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,sweaty eddie,"WHY DIDN'T YOU QUICKSAVE JOSH? I SAID TO HIT F5 REGULARLY, BUT YOU DIDN'T ♥♥♥♥ING DO IT AND WE LOST 11 HOURS OF PROGRESS?Good game though."
76561198032787905,Recommended,230230,11280467,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,62nd Assassin,Can talk to animals.Can talk to wishing wells.Can talk to torture devices.Can talk to statues.10/10
,Recommended,230230,11180326,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's pretty much dust II but different.
76561198091416352,Recommended,230230,18555573,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"Divinity: Original Sin it is best turn-based RPG which I've played. First what I am like in this game, this is characters creation, you can create TWO CHARACTERS (but only if you play alone), this is awesome. Also game have coop mode, jokes, great gameplay. But what important in this game you have your home, not like in Skyrim, but anyway better than nothing, also you can use food for healing and also drank some alcohol (kinda like in The Witcher 3) :-D. Storyline is pretty simple good versus evil, maybe this first and last minus in this game, also you can find some beautiful soundtracks. I think not only I like game with rich story line.Game is great!"
,Recommended,230230,11615922,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MetalBeak,"Awesome game! SO FREAKIN MUCH TO EXPLORE. People say, ""Oh, turn-based combat systems suck!"" but in this game that system is very demanding. If you make the wrong decision during your turn, it could cost you the entire battle, or even your partners life. One thing that makes this game different from other RPG games is that you level up VERY slowly. If you buy this game, DO NOT SPEND YOUR TALENT POINTS WITH HASTE. Choose carefully. Overall, I give this game a 9/10."
76561197973010572,Recommended,230230,19931194,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,jbrookes88,"Amazing game, well worth the investment."
,Recommended,230230,22521463,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Johnnybnimble,"What a game! The gameplay is great, the music is great and the story is fantastic. This kind of game is for those who really like table-top RPG's brought to life in a video game! I had a few issues figuring out a couple things early on(crafting, smithing, etc), but after the first 3 hours I was really hooked on this series so much that I went and bought Divine Divinity afterwords. 9/10"
,Recommended,230230,11810092,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Knives,"Where to begin with this masterpiece?Pros:+ One of the most beautiful and immersive worlds I've seen in a game to date. You can interact and barter with almost anyone (including animals if you have the talent). The graphics are grade A for a game like this and I often find myself just staring at the scenery.+ Gripping story that has you guessing whats coming next, and most of the time you guess wrong. For me, at least, it seemed most of the story came straight out of left field. I loved it.+ Combat feels engaging, challenging, and at times it can be very unforgiving. One wrong move could cost you a hero. Icy surfaces are definitely the bane of my existence, I think they get me more than anything else. But the combat itself really gives you a sense of accomplishment when you kill a group of enemies you just died 3 times on to your own stupid errors.+ The music is incredible. I constantly find myself humming along to the music, even when I'm not playing. Every song is a perfect match for whats going on in game.+ Character creation and class system is the most flexible of any RPG I've come across. You can be whatever you want to be from level one, so you don't end up with cookie cutter builds that everyone uses. This really allows you to adapt the game to your play style.+ Replay-ability. I'm still on my first play through and already I find myself thinking about and deciding what I'm going to do next time around. Almost every quest can turn out differently depending on what you do and how you play. It seems no two play throughs will ever be the same.Cons:- I'm not going to lie there were a couple bugs I've come across so far. None of which were game breaking and were fixed with a simple Save/Reload. The most common and most annoying for me if sometimes combat will start but the music wont. The only other big one I can remember was one of my companions wasn't able to be healed. But as stated saving/reloading did fix both of these bugs.- I wish it was longer. Not to say it's short because it's not by any means. I'm on my first play through level 16 and so far I've invested 76 hours of play. I really just don't want it to end.I can honestly say this is the best 40 bucks I've ever invested in a game. I highly recommend it anyone who enjoyed games like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age: Origins, or Knights of the Old Republic. Anyway hope this was helpful and hope you enjoy the game."
,Recommended,230230,10106777,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,JSchumacher,Still in beta and I already know: This is the ultimate and definitive digital RPG game!
,Recommended,230230,11097308,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Adanadhel,"This has to be one of the best RPG games that i ever played!!!.....And i've played a lot!!!!!!""Here lies Roco......This was the last hole that he ever filled......""   10/10"
76561197983171721,Recommended,230230,27527812,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Suki,"10/10Really good game, epic story, great combat brings me back to the old school RPG.Also great company, giving away DOS:ED for those who purchased their first game. Top notch customer apperication. Looking forward to DOS:II"
,Recommended,230230,15474191,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TheDeadSkin,"It is certainly one of the best RPG-s I've ever played. What makes it even more awesome than a lot of other RPGs you can find around - it has co-op. So, for me it was 160 hours of pure awesomeness with complete immersion into this epic world while playing with friend.This game has a lot of pros that cloud all of the problems, so here you go:- awesome story line- awesome dialogues & RP options/choices- a very nice approach to turn-based combat and it's well combined with real-time non-combat actions- nice itemization and character development, stats, skills etc.- quite hardcore, may be kinda hard for unprepared people, but if you're looking for a challenge for your strategic skills and mechanics studying - playing on hard is certainly a way to go, it's fun!- very beautiful areas and a generally good area design (in both appearance and structure)- gameplay is a well-balanced blend of combat, puzzles (a fair share of those are really interesting, got me despite the fact I hate pure puzzles), RP with optional things like stealth- non-linear progression, a lot of quests are more or less optional, but it's absolutely up to you to decide what are you doing first. assuming your gear/level allows you of course, but there's absolutely nothing that horses you to go by a corridor- worth mentioning separately: nice navigation options, you'll never walk too much just for the sake of it, waypoints all the way- remarkable soundtrackThere're unfortunately a few negative aspects, but comparing to how awesome the game is, you don't really care:- bugs. they don't take up too much time to deal with, but they may be annoying: occasional crashes (save your game often to spare your blood pressure (c) tip from loading screen), rarely you have stat problems on your characters so you have to do a simple save-load to fix it, rare disconnects if you're playing in co-op. still not too overwhelming, but after 100h in they begin to become somewhat annoying (hopefully most people finish game by this time, but not me...)- interface. overall it's fine, but some things could've been done a lot better, especially tooltips, they lack some vital details (like durations of status-effects). you'll probably have to go to wiki sooner or later for some details or just to test yourself but it takes some timeSo, to sum it up - this game is a must-play if you want a really good RPG (not something ""with RP elements"" like Borderland ot w/e) or maybe you're just looking for experience similar to Fallout. It's quite long, so be ready to allocate some time, I advice against making breaks during a playthrough."
,Recommended,230230,11815960,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Tutant Meenage Neetle Teetles,"Divinity: Original Sin is mercilessly wonderful and frustrating. if you have even an ounce of nostalgia for the classic CRPGs you played in the mid- to late 90's and early '00s -- the ones that had really detailed manuals with illustrations and everything -- D:OS will get your♥♥♥♥♥♥hard.this game is based upon the long-abandoned philosophy of classic videogames: ""no, YOU ♥♥♥♥ing figure it out, idiot."" you're on an epic quest for some reason or other that has all sorts of grand implications... and meanwhile, you can steal anything, kill anyone, wreak all manner of havoc, and shoot fire at everything. you'll spend a lot of time running around and clicking things to see what happens (will this kill me? how many different ways can I make this explode? also, can I craft anything from this handful of zombie butts?). you'll be the driving force in an engaging story surrounded by a cast of wonderful characters with stellar quest text, voice acting, and lovely stylized character design.you are given total freedom to discover the rules (and, of course, to break them). however, the flipside of this is that it IS possible to break your game or gimp your character. you will re-load quicksaves. a lot. you will probably die. a lot.D:OS has many flaws, like its godawful UI and half-baked crafting system, but I find that those flaws are part of the charm. furthermore, the game is still being updated and tweaked, so many of these flaws are temporary. this game is addictive, frustrating, satisfying, silly, surprising, and fantastic."
,Recommended,230230,11905090,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Rhyper,"When I bought this game I did not expect to enjoy it too much, ""It's just a turn-based RPG"" is what I thought. It's not ""just"" that, not at all.Divinity: Original Sin starts of with a simple task, which is to investigate a murder, and so you start off your journey in this amazing world. Quickly you'll notice that things might not be what they look like, 'the plot thickens', and you will realize that the simple task you started with is now part of something much, much bigger.You are free to do as you please, didn't like how this guy treated you? Might as well kill him. Too bad he had some information  which could help you solve some quest, but no need to worry as you might stumble upon a clue as you move on. But you will face the consequences of your actions, if you dig the grave of a mourning woman's husband to find some loot, she will go crazy and attack you (Personal experience).This game also won't take you for dumb, from questing to combat, and even on dialogues, you'll have to put your brain to work. Quests require you to to really pay attention to whatever clues you find so you can get them done, and don't you dare look for a walkthrough! During combat you'll have to consider what kinds of enemies you are up against, what kind of enviroment are you in, is there something that you can use to your advantage? Like that barrel of water sitting next to your enemies, how about destroying it with a fireball and then throwing a lightning bolt to stun your foes, or maybe turning it into ice to make them stumble and fall.Overall this game was an awesome experience, and absolutely one of the best RPGs I've ever played, I definitely recommend this to anyone that is looking for a new, refreshing experience, especially those into heavily story-driven games.9/10"
,Recommended,230230,11459536,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,lovinglife139,"First things first: I love the Divinity universe. I own all of the games, even owning multiple copies on multiple websites, plus Divinity 2: Dragon Knight Saga on the 360. So although I technically could be a bit biased, I am going to try to give as honest a review as possible, featuring both positives and negatives.Positives:+ The music in Divinity games has always been phenomenal. Original Sin combines some of the best tracks from all of its predecessors, and WOW was I excited to hear them. Divinity 2 (360 version) came with a full music soundtrack, and that is the only video game soundtrack I keep and prize because the music is supremely beautiful. Many of those tracks are here as well, along with new tracks that keep up with the Divinity standard.+ The world is lush, beautiful. This game is very colorful while keeping its realism. This is a world you WANT to explore every nook and cranny of, which is great because this game sure makes you do it.+ The character classes are vast and varied. You can create the character you want (warrior that uses magic, a rogue/mage, etc.)+ The battle system is FUN, and the battle music is energizing. Original Sin introduces the concept of using elements and environments to make or break battles, so having your mage make it rain over the enemies before shocking them with electricity will give you the upper hand in a battle where you may have been losing.+ TONS of quests. It kind of gets to the point that is reminiscent of Skyrim, where the player can feel overwhelmed by the vast amount of quests waiting for you in your journal.+ - Free roaming. You can (and will) run into areas not really meant for you yet, because the game doesn't really block your path of progression. This can be both a positive and a negative. The game can be extraordinarily vague, where you move on to an area that seems correct, only to find out later on (after much searching the discussion boards and guides) that you should have finished part of another quest before you can progress in the one you had been trying to complete.Negatives:- Vague/Unclear Quest Progression. This is a game I went into knowing full well what I was getting into. The early access reviews mentioned it was old school and had no hand holding. But oh MY, can this game get frustrating. From the beginning, I have searched for secret areas, read all books, consulted my journal and map, etc. etc. because I knew what others had said about its difficulty. With that said, 20+ hours of my tracked gameplay has been due to backtracking, buying back items from merchants that I had no indication through dialogue or journal that I would need later, or running halfway across maps because I realized that since one quest was ""technically"" supposed to be completed before another, I needed to go back. I have never played a game that infuriated me as much as this one has in terms of not being able to progress because something miniscule was not completed/kept in my inventory/spoken clearly, etc.- Aiming in Battles. This is a turn-based RPG, so while you aim your spells/arrows/etc. in battle, your enemies stay in place. HOWEVER, enemies will move/bow/scratch their heads/pick their noses in battle, and when they do, you will find that sometimes if you left-click to attack at JUST the wrong moment, the enemy will move out of your click and your character will either shoot stupidly in the air beside the enemy's head OR walk all the way behind the enemy. I have lost battles over this one flaw, and this was not a one-time thing. This happened quite a few times, and it can screw up your strategy in moments.- Starting Difficulty. This isn't a negative, per se, but the difficulty in the beginning is much higher than the rest of the game, so it will be a big turn off for some newcomers. Enemies do not respawn, and as you start off in one area, you have to branch out, and all of your options are groups of enemies that are two levels above you, with groups larger than yours.- Broken Quests. There are a few quests in the game that you will be unable to complete. I have three sitting in my journal right now, forever in limbo. Sometimes quests or the characters involve will overlap, and if you decide to try to complete one quest before another, you may render the previous quest forever incomplete (won't give an example due to spoilers).Summary: This is a great game, no doubt. I have to say that this will probably be the first Divinity game that I will not replay, however. This is a game that can be great fun, but also greatly frustrating. It is a game expansive and challenging enough to really give you a sense of pride in progressing in, but at the same time, it is not a game you beat. It feels like this game beats YOU. I recommend this game to the fans of the most hardcore of RPGs, particularly the old school RPGs, who have a ton of time to sink into a game that requires you to pay attention to every detail. This game is NOT a game you can just pick up and jump into and out of. Missing or forgetting a detail can be severely punishing to both your progression and your patience, so be prepared to ""favorite"" a guide. ;)"
76561198042741610,Recommended,230230,19278810,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Alexmhi,i killed a guy by dropping his friend on him
,Recommended,230230,11011360,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Farron™,Backed this game up since alpha and now the game is really good. Only a few problems but it shouldn't affect your gameplay. Updates are happening often so the game will get better. Now you can play with your friends in this turn-based game.
,Recommended,230230,10987978,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Quietus Wolf,"[NOTE: Think carefully before buying this game if you're thinking it'll be like Path of Exile or Diablo. Because it's not, and the difference between those types of games and this one is very important.]As you read this, keep in mind that I'm not far into the game at the time of writing. I spent some hours in game during Early Access, but waited to do this review until release to experience it in a more complete state, so these are more my initial impressions than a proper review and are subject to change at a later date (all alterations will be noted).First off, as the note above says, this game is not to be confused with something like Diablo, Torchlight or Path of Exile. While those are all fine games in their own right (yes, even Diablo 3), they are also ARPGs, which put you in real-time combat that more often than not comes down to spamming AOE skills to kill hordes of enemies. And that's fine, I love those games, too because they're good for quick co-op play. This game, however, being turn-based, places more emphesis on careful planning and development becasue rushing in to a fight and just relying on basic attacks will get you (and your co-op partner if you have one) killed in no time flat. So if you want a game you can dive into and mow through hordes of enemies, this isn't the game for you.One key aspect of this game that will turn most people off is that it doesn't hold you hand. Yes, you can change the difficulty of the game, but thge UI itself doesn't have some features that other RPGs seems to think players need. There's no quest tracker, only a quest log that is just a list of what you've accomplished so far along a quest line (no hints). There's no quest markers on the map or compass, so you're on you own when it comes to finding where to go and what to do next (. There's no indicators on NPCs to say who has quests for you, and talking to NPCs is an actual dialog instead of a one-sided stream of text. And as far as a tutorial goes? Yeah, it's a quick dungeon that just tells you how to do a few things in the game, leaving you to learn everything else as you go. And you have to wonder, why did we need all of that stuff anyway? Half the fun of old RPGs like Ultima was in wandering around, finding out things for yourself and possibly getting killed because you wandered into a really high level area and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥something off (I did that a lot. It was fun).Control wise, this game plays like you'd expect a CRPG to play, and you quickly get used to using WASD to move the camera. However I wish the camera rotation was 360 by default as some of the angles make it hard to see things. You can switch to a ""Tactical"" view that'll highlight your party and enemies, switching you to a more top-down perspective, which I like as it can make planning easier during solo games.Navigating the character panel can seem a bit confusing, since the same window handles stats, inventory and equipment. But it only appears that way. Once you spend a moment to look it over and know what is where, it actualy makes more sense than having seperate windows. Although Skills are in a seperate window, but you only get new ones by reading expensive Skill Books (not leveling) so this seperation makes sense.EDIT #1: I've spent a good 2-3 hours wandering around the first town trying to solve a murder, earned an achievement that I didn't notice until after I quit the game, and I still ahve no idea who I'm suposed to talk to or arrest. I am literilly just doing random crap in the hopes that it works. In the process I have gained 6 quests, died in combat (for stealing) 3 times, died buy a massive booby-trap once, and had to retrace a good portion of my progress because I forgot to save before I got killed by guards... Best. Game. EVER.EDIT #2: I'm now close to 20 hours into the game. There have been many deaths, several rage quits, a few instances of pleading ""Help!"" on the forums and a brief span of time in which I was forced to lower the difficulty in order to progress (shocking, I know). In that time I have learned several things. 1st; SAVE. Do it often. 2nd; Some boss encounters will aggrivate you to no end, so when all else fails, run... seriously, turn and run like a girl with her panties on fire. 3rd; There are some quests that seem as if their just there to troll you. And understand that all this progress and I'm *STILL* not done with all the quests in the beginning town and surrounding area. This is going to be a 100+ hour game for me and my OCD brain.EDIT #3: There are moments in this game where it pulls a Gandalf and all but screams ""You shall not pass!"" Going along a quest line, when the highest level of the last enemy you faced was 9 (the same level as you) and suddenly it jumped to 15? That's a BIG hint from the gmae, telling you to go do something else, first."
,Recommended,230230,10510247,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,FreddyWap,"Easily the best 2 player game out there, a hearken back to when games were hard and a fantastic adaptation of the grand age of cRPGs to the 21st century.  You done good, Larian."
76561198058857699,Recommended,230230,10119926,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Riovir,"Divinity: Original Sin is an exciting RPG the brings story writing to those passionate about RPG games. It doesn't depend on voice acting, expensive CGI cutscenes and carefully tailored ""streamlined"" (read: dumbed down for higher mass appeal) gameplay.The game offers refreshing mechanics, deep storylines, and intriguing character customization. During almost the whole gameplay you have 5-10 different quests to take on. It's up to you when you prefer talking to a bunch of people or dive into a battle headfirst.Speaking of battles! Tactics do matter big time. The creators put effort in making clashes with the enemy different. Rain, oil filled barrels, a pesky priest resurrecting the fallen foes from an (almost) perfectly defended spot push you to situations where you carefully need to plan your every step. (If you like to play on hard, as I do.)At this point the interface, although functional, could use a few shortcuts. Getting a grip on your inventory can be problematic a few hours in. Using skills on items by someone (identify, repair) are currently a chore.I can recommend this game to any RPG enthusiast, who likes the general feel and effort put in old school games, but also wants to see updated graphics, and improved gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,230230,11364829,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Krolmar,"Great game, don't hesitate , just buy and play."
76561198101719219,Recommended,230230,10978562,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,(BMK) Devon Weeks,"I can't not even begin to describe how much you need to play this game.  If you are a D&D-er, you need this game.  If you are a tabletop player of any kind, you need this game.  If you are an RPG fan, you need this game.  If you are a tactical thinker, you need this game.  If you are a level designer, you need this game just for the toolkit.  Bottom line, if you don't have Divint: Original Sin, do you even game?As you can tell, I love Divinity.  It's a sort of a throwback to the Baulder's Gate type of game, and it is brilliantly executed.  The environments are amazing.  The monsters are well done.  The dialog is engaging and meaningful.  Choices matter.  All good.  But, this wouldn't be a proper review without some honest critiques of how it could be improved.First negative, class balance.  This was a probably early one in the beta, but it's better now the day before launch.  It's still not completely fixed, though.  Intelligence based builds still rule in terms of raw, content-clearing power.  But, the game is still more fun with a diverse group make up.  It's not a big issue, but it's one the min/maxer may pick up on pretty quickly.Second negative, limit on co-op players.  You can only play co-op with two players.  The reasons are understandable, and it's largely forgivable given that more players are supported for mod content.  But, after playing though 8 hours of the story with a friend yesterday, I can't help but feel that this whole experience would just be phenomenal with a full group of 4-6 people.  Just the shenanigans with two were hilarious.  I think of the eight hours I might have spent 3 not on fire, not being melted by steam clouds, or not being shocked to death by jumping lightning in the rain.  Friendly fire is real, and watching a completely new player learn the system while playing a wizard was gloriously painful.  I long so much to have that same experience with more people, more wayward spells, more poorly conceived plans, more failures, more accidental explosions, all around more WTF.Lastly, the crime system.  Let me just say that even a ""good"" character is probably going to resort to a degree of thievery to fill their purse.  It only makes sense.  It's hard to descibe why this is the case.  Much of it has to do with a somewhat low drop rate for your needed skill books as you progress and the very readily available goods that can pilfered with impunity.  Once you finally come across that NPC who has your skill books you need, every painting in the room will start to look like... well... yours.  That's not a bad thing.  Temptation is a good mechanic in these sorts of games.  But, in the first town alone, I racked up well over fifteen thousand gold just from yanking up whatever I could carry when no one was looking.  We could probably use a few more guard patrols to make having a rogue more necessary (needing to pick locks quickly instead of just having time to bash them to pieces).Overall, I'm a solid 9.5/10 on this game.  The issues that are there are minor (except the co-op player limit which is in fact raised for mods).  You owe it to yourself to play this game.  Don't be turned off by words like ""turn-based.""  While it is turn-based, it's the type of turn-based that moves quickly and doesn't detract from the overall experience.  It actually enhances your experience.  You'll need to see it all in action to understand, but I stand by the fact that you need to try it.  Get this game.  If it's not in your cart already, you're doing it wrong.Summary+Great gameplay+Amazing environments+Compelling dialog+Awesome spell/ability system+Very well done co-op mode+Choices matter+Good music+Loads of content-Co-op player limit of 2 for the main story-Some class/abilty imbalances-Thievery is way too easy, so much that it doens't make sense not to do it++New players will kill you by accident... a LOT+++I charged a skeleton and whacked it with my sword.  My buddy broke an oil barrel, summoned a fire elemental, ignited the whole thing, caught two ""suicide bomber"" skeletons with explosives tied to their backs in the initial boom, and we waited for the fire and smoke on the screen to clear to find out everything including our own party were dead and toasty.  Came back and got fried by that same buddy's electricity in the rain.  Must... play... more."
,Recommended,230230,9706671,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,GanjahRebel,"Everything that was forgotten and loved about RPGs, came back with D OS."
,Not Recommended,230230,13279245,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,HefBot 2.0,"I read the reviews for this game, I watched the videos.And I anticipated it very strongly.New elemental systems! ""Why is something in the game? Because the player can do something with it!"" Such promise, such a fresh approach. Wow.But now that I've played it...the battles are tough, which is fine, but if you don't happen to have an element in your party then you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck if you hope to make a fight possible. Fighting some hellhounds? Better have lots of water spells handy, didn't bring some water spells because nobody told you that you should have some on character creation? Well now you die, a lot. Have fun.Why is something in the game? Because the player CAN do something with it, but with gold so plentiful, why would you bother crafting a damn thing? Answer: you wouldn't. Vendor trash EVERYWHERE.The quests were spruiked as having huge amounts of freedom in how you complete them. This isn't true. They are very linear, go here, take this object, talk to that person, kill this critter. Try to do any of that out of order? Game doesn't respond. You have to go through the motions ""in whichever way you want"".The game as a whole seems to be a one-trick pony. Yeah the elemental stuff is neat. It gets pretty repetitive though and the slow level progression and tough fights make it very frustrating if you happen to lose one and have to go back half an hour to the latest save (if you forgot to quicksave)."
,Recommended,230230,11325111,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,n64fan,"Remember when Dragon Age: Origins was touted as the heir to the CRPG? Well, Divinity: Original Sin is much, much more deserving of that title. Not to besmirch Dragon Age: Origins, a wonderful game in its own right, but Divinity is more than a homage to the classics reborn for today's gamers. It's the classic reborn, not limited by a console, not limited by a publisher, not limited at all. This is hardcore CRPG full stop. Do you long for a return to Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or the original Fallout games? Divinity: Original Sin is what you have been waiting for. Truly a new classic, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,230230,8756903,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sassy Bacon,"Even in this early alpha state, the game sets itself apart in more ways than I can go into here.  There is a sense of freedom in this game that is thoroughly refreshing.  It is clear that Larian Studios has put a great deal of thought, time and effort into this already.  It's easy to get drawn in to what you are doing because the environment reacts accordingly.  You are free to develop your character outside of class boundaries.  You are encouraged to develop the characters individually.  The player isn't forced to play the characters as friends.  They can argue and have disputes, intimidate, charm and convince one another.  This I found to be particularly appealing, and it went a long way towards drawing me in.  For the most part, the dialog choices aren't your standard Good, Neutral and Bad either, which is also nice.  There is no moral compass other than the one you bring.  The fact that Larian has made a genuine effort to address these possibilities speaks volumes to the direction and depth they're bringing to the title.Larian has taken that same approach with the players’ interaction with the environment.  The player isn't in a static environment and has a level of interaction with the environment that is unparalled in games of this type.  This sense of freedom, of ‘what can/should/would I do?’ is throughout all aspects of the game, from the pacing to the crafting system and all of the other things I have yet to try.  It does a great job of keeping you curious, entertained and occupied because there is very little in this game that is linear or forced upon the player.  I find it easy to get drawn into the world they are building because I can do things in the time and manner of my choosing.  With what they’ve got going on with the character development, the environment, the crafting, the magic system, the audio, and everything else Larian has demonstrated a fantastic creative spirit and attention to detail.I still stand by everything I've stated above.  This game is amazing."
,Recommended,230230,15255194,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Montee,"Inspiring masterpiece.Gosh, it's 144/10"
,Recommended,230230,8764926,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dracostar,"I'm not usually someone who likes games like this. But for just an alpha alone. This game is surprisingly fun! Well graphically detailed and the story is somewhat engaging from what I have played so far, I love the combat system too. I never thought an almost chess-like, turn based combat system could be so fun!I would recommend this to any fan of RPG which also has a multiplayer feature for you and a friend to play!"
,Recommended,230230,13673448,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TripleExit,"Great D&D style turn based, RNG RAGEFEST, strategy game I have ever never actually planned on buying until I decided ""fuq it, i'll buy two copies.""9/10Divinity: Original Sin saved against bad review: Rolled 97.  Needed 51."
76561197970476029,Recommended,230230,13723652,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheMaster,"Amazing graphics for a RPG, love the tracer effect of the spells, great content!"
76561198023979306,Recommended,230230,17880010,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Suglets,Man I loved this game. I was just wanting something to replace baulders gate 2 and I found it with this! What a great game and it has free DLC too!!
76561198041594471,Recommended,230230,11558393,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Doorbell,"So, if you are still debating on whether or not to buy this game, debate no more! BUY IT. ITS GOOD. REALLY REALLY GOOD. Let me put this into perspective for all of you little boys and girls. In the game, I own a small, bug-eyed explosive midget skeleton named Thomas. That's freakin right, you heard me. EXPLOSIVE MIDGET SKELETON. If you aren't already sold, I've got another whammy for you. In the game, a friend of mine owns this staff. This staff is no ordinary staff. It talks. Oh... oh what was that? Not good enough for you? OH. I SEE. YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE. Alright then... one more. If you have any form of invisibility, you can steal literally anything you want. I have over 100,000 gold worth of stold goods. And, to sweeten the deal, you can sell the stolen things to the people you stole them from. Finally gonna buy the game? GOOD. DO IT. GO."
76561198040676776,Recommended,230230,10990713,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EatMyDiction1,"I was playing solo and essentially argued with myself until I had to do battle via rock, paper, scissors with the AI. I won. We murdered everything because I was right. 10/10 paper covers rock."
,Recommended,230230,11596844,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,itwastroy,"I have been searching for a game on par with Baldur's Gate since the first time I ever played it and this game takes the gold for sure, especially with the multiplayer."
,Recommended,230230,11576309,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Vesago,I can't stop playing this game. Once I got used to the turn-based combat everything else in the game just clicked and I've been having a lot of fun with it.
76561197963743149,Recommended,230230,11455250,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Florp Incarnate,"Pretty good RPG. 90% + ratings on metacritic are way overblown however. The game suffers from many bugs and poor design decisions (inventory management, tenebrium skill, overpowered spells). However environments are well designed, and the crafting is reasonably deep (if not terribly useful). The most similar game for comparison is Dragon Age: Origins, which is the superior title. However if you really enjoyed DA:O, this is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,230230,22646558,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MP | Grimsson,"A marvelous piece of role-based RPGThe Divinity Series had its ups and downs, D:OS is definitly the highest up it ever had.Next to an open-world full of secrets, friends and enemies, there is an excellent gameplay, or as I call it in this case: Open-Gameplay.Why? Because not just you can explore the world just as youself want it and go with quests in your very own style, you can also deal with every enemy, every trap, basically every single step in this world like you want, thanks to the wide and well balanced skill system. It has some troubles at some points, but on that I will go in further in the Divinity: Original SIn Enhanced Edition review, if those difficulties are still existant.But so far: A Must-Have for every RPG fan."
,Recommended,230230,11085372,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Officer McDoogle,"This game surprised me, i didnt think it would be as great as it is. I have'nt played a game that pulled me into it in so long. just buy this game its worth every penny"
,Recommended,230230,15032560,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TJ McWeaksauce,"Divinity: Original Sin was one of the best surprises I've had in gaming in a long while.I've played a couple of Larian Studios' previous games: Divine Divinity and Beyond Divinity.  I thought both games were okay, but they weren't so great that they made me a fan of Larian Studios.  So when I bought Divinity: Original Sin last month, thanks to a sale, I didn't have particularly high expectations.  I figured the game would be fun enough to tide me over until PIllars of Eternity came out in late March, 2015.Boy was I wrong.  And I'm glad I was wrong.  D:OS turned out to be one of the very best computer roleplaying games I've ever played.  I think so highly of it for several reasons:It has a tremendous amount of contentI did not know how long the first playthrough would take.  I figured I'd get at least 50 hours of gameplay out of it.  I ended up taking 216 hours to complete my first playthrough of the game.  This game was fun and fascinating throughout all of those 216 hours.Before Divinity: Original Sin, I had NEVER spent over 120 hours on a single playthrough of a CRPG.  I'm guessing I completed Planescape: Torment - one of my all-time favorite video games - for the first time in under 100 hours.  Similarly, my first playthroughs of open-world RPGs like Elder Scrolls: Morrowind and Fallout 3 took me about 100 hours or so.  Out of nowhere I wind up buying this RPG from a relatively unknown studio, and I end up being engaged by it longer than most other games I've ever played.I think a majority of gamers who play this game will like the amount of content it has to offer.  It has A LOT.  On top of that, it provides the user enough motivation to play it more than once.Some of the best RPG itemization I've ever seenManaging the itemization of a roleplaying game can be ridiculously challenging.  Take for example Fallout: New Vegas.  I enjoyed F:NV quite a bit.  I've clocked in maybe 300 hours of playtime in New Vegas across multiple (attempted) playthroughs.  One of my few complaints about that game was its itemization.  Specifically, it did not take long for me to acquire what I considered to be optimal gear in any of my playthroughs.  I preferred to play the game as a gunslinger who's friendly with the NCR, so for me the best firearms as well as the best armor were found in the Honest Hearts DLC. Once I completed Honest Hearts, I had the guns and the gear I knew I'd be using for the rest of the game.  Everything else I found was sold so I could accumulate a silly amount of caps that I would not spend on anything.Divinity: Original Sin does not have this problem.  In fact, it has some of the best itemization I've ever seen in an RPG or any other video game.The power of all equippable items in the game are influenced by item rarity (Common, Magical, Rare, Legendary, Unique).  At a certain point in the game, you'll want all of your items to be Legendary or Unique.  Item power is also determined by the level of the item.  So a level 15 Legendary item is going to be more powerful than a level 10 Legendary.Because of the way Larian designed their loot, there is the possibility of finding upgrades all the way until the end of the game.  This made every single combat victory, every single hidden treasure chest, and even every single search-able crate a fun experience, because you never know when or where you'll find the weapon, armor, or magical goodie you'll use to beat the game.I really can't rave enough about the desing of Divinity: Original Sin's loot.  Whenever I engage in a discussion about how itemization can be done right, I will use D:OS as one of my top examples.**Too many good things to say, really**This review has already become much longer than I intended.  The bottom line is that Divinity: Original Sin is an excellent game.  If you like RPGs influenced by classics like Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate, if you like fantasy games, or if you enjoy games that mix humor with quality storytelling, then you'll probably enjoy the hell out of this game."
,Recommended,230230,17664063,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Enigma,"Co-op play is ridiculously good and makes a lot of fun. Tip: If you play as a pair, try to play with the Lone Wolf perk on both main characters. It is challenging since you have no companions, but you get a deeper connection to your characters and you can focus more on your individual story."
,Recommended,230230,10990209,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pantsu o Taberu,The game reminded me what fun was.Last time that happened was Demon Souls.
76561198147700160,Recommended,230230,13938789,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,romdeluise,Kriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii10/10
76561198031765203,Recommended,230230,14488024,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SleepThieff,"Divinity Original Sin is an excellent title - especially from an indie studio. This is easily the best rpg of this style I have played in over a decade.The community's reviews are spot on for the most part (about the awesomeness of this game), but I just want to point out a few things that I felt the game could improve on:- The game has a steep learning curve (I actually enjoyed this and it was my favorite part about the game). But here was the issue. Once I figured out the learning curve and learned the mechanics, the game suddenly felt too easy and exploitable. Some of the mechanics are far too overpowered once you understand how they interact. In this sense, it was extremely gratifying to get to this point, but once this point of understanding was achieved, I became incredibly bored. Even on the hardest difficulty you can simply ""out-mechanic"" the game by using cheese tactics. Some skills need to be rebalanced.- The inventory system is awkwardly tedious. I won't go in depth but the way the loot is split between your characters and split gold and all that nonsense... it just adds more micromanagement. I understand this is more realistic, but it doesn't add anything interesting and only takes up your time.- This is much more personal opinion I suppose, but I felt like some of the story arcs were far too drawn out. One of the driving factors in a game is the feeling like you are making progress - progress is good. But some of the lengths of the main quests in this game are sooooo long and I started to lose interest. I just wanted to know what happened next, but it took so long to get to it. There's a fine line between creating suspense/interest and the time it requires to build it. If you build it for too long, interest will be lost.Minus the points mentioned above, Divinity OS is a great title, and I highly recommend it.P.S. - As a quick side note, this game does not hold your hand. If you are not willing to spend about 5-7 hours just figuring out the basic mechanics of the game, you will not enjoy this title.8/10"
76561198021864165,Recommended,230230,11060601,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Falsepeng,I wouldnt buy this. Not because its bad but because now I only want to play this.
,Recommended,230230,11122584,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bokor,"Wow, this game is awesome. It harkens back to the days of Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura and Fallouts 1&2.This game is gorgeous at times. The UI is very intuitive, and all of the game's systems are easy to figure out without consulting guides or manuals (at least for someone familiar with this type of game.)The drop-in co-op is implemented very well. The only gripe I have is your partner doesn't create their own characters to use in your game; they play the ones you assign them that you've created. Not a big deal at all.Also, I've run into a few bugs in the game, but nothing that has impeded my progress.I heartily recommend this game for any old school turn-based RPG fans... or just RPG fans who want to play a great game."
76561198011754979,Recommended,230230,17565313,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,jasonavich,"This game is so good that I actually don't want to play it. It's like that prize bottle of whiskey you keep on the top shelf but find is too special even for birthdays, Christmases, weddings and funerals. Your own son graduates and you still don't dare crack open this spectacular single malt.One day you'll find th bottle again, caked in years of dust, and, with your dying breath, mutter, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ that would have been awesome""... Still too good to drink."
76561198055421821,Recommended,230230,18537705,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SUPERCOPTER,"Outstanding Soundtrack, wonderful storyline and lore.Old school RPG Character progression.Amazing dialogs, written with humor and sensibility.Choices and heavy consequences.Beautiful and well animated world.Full coop features and playability.Simply the best RPG I've ever played.A masterpiece."
76561198015433301,Recommended,230230,11385211,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ardan,"Just to be helpful for wanna be buyers, the short condensed version:Pro's:- Absolutely Baldur's Gate 2014- Looks pretty good- Challenging at first, later on it is rather easy to beat the game (dunno if this is a pro or a con), but then again very few games remain challeging to the last scene- Immersing, good storyline, believeable world- Very atmospheric- Some good irony and humour here and then- Good choice of gear, talents, perks, abilities- Good difference between combat classes and at the same time great choice to mix classes as you see fit- Baldur's Gate that you can play with your sister! (or friend or whoever)Cons:- Some annoying bugs with quests that did not complete due to the order in which I handled things- You basically start in a huge town and spend the first few hours talking endlessly- A lot of the conversations are rather lengthy and only suited for hardcore lore fanatics- All loot is randomized, but some high level areas drop very low level loot (they might fix this)- And my main annoyance: This game is 1/3 about exploring and talking, only 1/3 about combat, and a bloody 1/3 about puzzles, that would take anyone hours to figure out without help of internet. If you like to be challenged by finding a book here and a switch there, then a sacred bone elsewhere hidden in a bush, then this sure will be your thing. Personally I would like a tad more fighting and a bit less wandering about in search for a key.All in all a good game for people that love isometric fantasy games, it delivers what might be expected of the genre. If long ago you enjoyed Baldur's Gate, then this will suit you well."
,Recommended,230230,19781120,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chalupa Batman,"great mechanics, excellent turn based battles, accessible but hard to master. a definite buy for RPG gamers old school or for the newer generation"
,Recommended,230230,20460791,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shanwayne,It's just amazing.
,Recommended,230230,19610879,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lopo,One of the best games i everplayed...why?+Very well thought out combat system with environmental involvement and physics aspects+Intresting character design and development throughout the game with choices that have permanent consequences (in the matter of how your alignment affects your stats)+Very fascinating story with a damn good developmentarc and a nice ending+Diffrent approaches to puzzles allow more than one possible solution+Very good looking grafics styleThey also did an enhanced version which you should check out as well as their announced Divinity Original Sin 2 (coming next year!)Edit 23rd november 2016 : the enhanced edition is an insane improvement and i highly recommend it
,Recommended,230230,19940674,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TingLey,"great RPG game, I give it top 5 RPG game on steam.you can have fun with your friends in co-op mode and that it!! co op in RPG game!quality turn-base combat, feel exciting in every turn"
,Recommended,230230,11630738,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TM,"Big thumbs up to Developer Larian Studios!   A great mix of the new and the old for CRPGs.  Thank you for not adding in ""bread crumbs"" for quests, and not handholding your audience. :)"
,Recommended,230230,22562214,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,WhyMe,"**************************************************************************************************************************************Nevertheless, while the Divinity: Original Sin - clearly the main contender for the title of the best RPG of the year. And certainly this is one of the brightest representatives of the genre of the last five-year period. The Belgians found the almost perfect combination of classic and fresh, interesting details, and availability of hardcore, drama and comedy.Pros: interesting story; the abundance of non-linear quests; moral choices; rich role-playing and combat systems; almost complete freedom of action; co-op mode with a system of joint dialogues; nice graphics and awesome music.Cons: there are holes in the balance sheet; the game still need to patch."
76561198055017547,Recommended,230230,22328182,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Kasiornis,"I'll be honest - I've had my doubts about this game. I've played all previous Divinity games and each and every one of them felt both genuine and somehow unfinished, as if all of them had a missing part which prevented me from getting real fun from them.Well, it seems Larian finally found this part and put it into its place. The game is absolutely adorable, interesting and fun, a well-made piece of art which is totally worth my time and money.If you're looking for good old-school-like RPG - you just found it."
,Recommended,230230,11143894,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mythikos,"TL;DR: High customization, unlimited actions/consequences, and they best top down RPG combat ever. I really recommend this game. 10/10, would disgust a hot girl by talking about this game.This is the game I've been waiting for since Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights. You are free to do whatever you wish; there are consequences of course so save often! The combat is challenging and intuitive while also managing to be very strategic. I have no idea how they managed to pull it off, but it is seriously perfect. There is plenty to customize and you can set up your characters however you want. They put effort and love into this thing.I think the biggest downside (which some people really like) is the questing system. Yeah it's supposed to be a ""no holding your hand"" style system, but I can never find the single NPC that gave me the quest because they aren't identified anywhere on the map or with anything other than a name that appears if you mouse over them. A bit too much trouble if you ask me, but isn't nearly enough for me to knock the game for it."
,Recommended,230230,11543724,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,mnKx,If you a fan of classic RPG and D&D I strongly recommend this game.It has one of the best combat/interaction systems in modern RPG games and it is very immersive.I recommend playing with a friend on hard.
,Recommended,230230,11699314,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,brandon,"You and a fake made up significant other go on a journey to fight witches and zombies and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up using the environment, talk to animals to help you solve murders, and throw sea shells back into the sea. It's preddy good."
,Recommended,230230,11239819,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Bones,"Simply put, one of the best ""back to roots"" RPG's I have played since Blackisle and Obsidian made games.If you like to be handheld through your RPG's this game might not be for you. If you enjoy using you brain in terms of quest completion and combat... Buy this.If you are old enough to remember ultima, baldurs gate, icewind dale etc etc... You will enjoy this this.The ONLY thing I feel is missing are the NPC's having a routine and night/day.If, with their next game, Larian Studios can build on an RPG of this caliber we will have an all time memorable rpg that stays with you for years."
76561198042189953,Recommended,230230,13422713,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BrightHill,"To be honest I have never played a RPG similar to Divinity: Original Sin, I've only played games like Skyrim, Diablo 3 or Dragon age with a real time combat system rather than turn based. So it took me quite some time getting use to the combat system of this game, at first I felt it's too slow but as I progress it actually feels better and better. I love the fact that I can use elemental spells combos against my foes. For example I can cast a rain spell to make puddles on the ground and then I can cast a lighting spell into the puddle and whoever stands on the puddle will be stuned. I also love the fact that the environment is highly interactive in this game, just like in Skyrim where you can pickup and move many different objects, from candles to barrels. The story of the game is great, it starts off with a murder mystery that I have to solve in the first town, which grabs my interest right away, however, I find it sometimes frustrating during the quests since this game does not give you a clear indication where you have to go, unlike the other RPGs I have played. Another thing about this game bothered me a little is the sound. The game only has partial voice acting and sometimes they can be repetitive and annoying, you are reading the conversations in the game for the most of the time. The soundtrack is good but I wish they could have added more tracks. This game takes a lot of time to complete just like some other RPGs I have played, I'm 40 hours into the game and I'm not even close to the end.Overall, I really love this game, it's a fresh experience for me and I am enjoying it very much.Pros:- Cool Combat system- Interesting Story + Side Quests- Beautiful graphicsCons:- Lack of voice/soundtrack variantScore: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,230230,8778684,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[LaM] ~Smokey~,"Great Potential!  Love the crafting that's already in use, some thought was actually put into it.  I wish there was more thought placed on managing the inventory, it took forever to clean up and sort items.  Something else that's bugging me is the lack of intuitive controls, no aswd and left clicking ic buggy at best.  It have a way to go to live up to the potential this game has, but I'll wait and so should you..."
,Recommended,230230,11446189,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,chili,"fun game. hard as balls. quicksave often, rogues suck. 2h weapons own, so do mages"
,Recommended,230230,11121340,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tkyl,Buy this game. Now. Don't even think about it. Just do it. The world needs more games like this.
,Recommended,230230,11023924,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Skyl3lazer,"I am totally floored by the quality of this game. It's the best ""isometric"" rpg to come out since BG2"
76561197972523237,Recommended,230230,12495940,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Poe,"PROS- Very lengthy campaign- Lots of side questing to be done- No hand holding. Basically no skipping all dialogue and then runing to a giant glowing red box on the map. Paying attention to the lore and story is an absolute must.- Mixing elements in with combat adds fantastic depth that can turn the tides of a battle in moments.- Turn based awesomeness. Reminds me of BG.- Unlimited repayability.CONS- No hand holding got a little ridiculous at times. I spent an hour in a cave wondering where to go next. Little did I know I needed to find a switch that is absolutely tiny @ 1920x1080 that is also the same color as the surface it's on, in the dark. I know questing is a huge thing in this game but this just seemed to be a gimic at times. At least light the switch up with a torch on the wall or something.- A few of the quests are extremely convoluted.- Sometimes I found myself cursing how bloody slow the players ""ran"". I heard there are tons of good mods on the workshop for items like this so it's a pretty minor detractor.- Possible to break quests by doing them out of order.Overall, it's a great game that has a lot of replayability. It took me just under 50 hours to finish my first run. I missed maybe a handful of side quests so that could likely be stretched to 60 - 70 hours."
76561198050297253,Recommended,230230,11125906,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Blueapocalyps3,"Amazing. Simply amazing. Played 11 hours so far, and I have barely done anything important, yet have done so much too. The game has so much to offer.. it is impossible to be bored while playing this game.Charmed a gal in a bathtub, then killed her with my electro axe and took her paintings, then sold them to her husband!"
,Recommended,230230,11537431,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Nyxa,"Loving this game. It really takes me back to the original Divine Divinity which was one of my favorite old school RPG games. This is wonderful, with great writing, fun turn by turn combat (which I normally hate) and a lot of questing which takes a fair amount of puzzle solving. It is also difficult and leveling isn't fast which I appreciate. I want things to be a bit of a challenge. Overall, one of the best games I've played in recent years."
,Recommended,230230,11539180,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dr. Novikov,"If you liked Fallout 1&2, Arcanum, Baldur's Gate -- this is the game for you. It's a great RPG with turn-based combat, interesting character trait system and intriguing quests. My advice: get the ""Pet Pal"" talent for your character."
,Recommended,230230,11063022,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ish,"I haven’t gotten super far into it so I can’t speak for the narrative as a whole, but the line-writing is very good.The actual gameplay I think is fantastic… combat presents you with a great variety of tactical options, and you can get really creative with spell combos. It’s turn-based, which has the downside of leaving me bored while I wait for enemies to act but the upside of giving me time to really think and plan.There’s a multiplayer conversation system (which you can play both sides of if you’re playing a SP game, or assign the second protagonist an AI personality to automatically choose their own lines) which is even better than SWTOR’s because it actually takes into account whether the protagonists agree or disagree with one another; my only criticism is the rock-paper-scissors method of decision resolution if you disagree (it’s also used as the persuasion minigame when trying to convince NPCs). It’s affected by your proficiency with different persuasion styles, but it’s still a little game-y. That said, I don’t know how I would improve it.So, very strong first impression. I’d have more to say if I’d completed it."
76561198048791549,Recommended,230230,12288770,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Wormwood,"10 mins into the game, walk through a stunning beach, entirely party dies by a hidden magic orc trap.11/10Btw, it is Baldurs Gate 3."
,Recommended,230230,11060971,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,riandrake,"In summary: the perfect entrypoint for someone who wants to get into old-school, DnD style RPGs; especially late-to-the-party generation kids who enjoy the RPG genre.It's not Game of Thrones, but I'm very happy with the idea of a game that can introduce me to the type of storytelling that doesn't patronize me with the instant gratification of the all too obvious maps, dialogue and waypoints combination we've become accustomed to in contemporary RPGs.I feel like I missed the generation of DnD, Fallout 1/2, and Baldur's Gate; growing up on what I'd call almost mindless RPGs like Oblivion, Mass Effect, Dragon Age and Skyrim. Games that are incredibly fun, but require very little effort or attention to detail to complete; games that certainly show the hallmarks of an RPG, but lack the complete-formula and romance of the classic pen and paper dungeon crawler.This game is a step in the right direction, and I look forward to giving Baldur's Gate another try after I've played through this 3 times or more."
76561198032659066,Recommended,230230,11050201,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,StreezH,"Brilliant RPG for the fans of ""think to win"", not ""press x to win""(like DAO or ME). At hard difficulty it is really hard and challenging. You should use crafted scrolls\arrows\potions\food or you won't win and this is good because not much RPGs(at least modern ones) forcing you to make some preparations before the fight.Nice storyline and side quests, not perfect, but good enough to entertain you between battles and looting\stealing\crafting. Again, no quest markers on the map and THANK YOU FOR THAT. First time for a long time i'm not feeling myself a brainless idiot who just runs from one quest mark to another via waypoints because lots of rpg developers this days seems to thinking that average player cannot read the quest dialog and find the right way himself.And thank you for co-op mode. If you have a friend who's ready to spare with you lots of hours while adventuring in fantasy world, then it's a must buy for you."
76561197964117915,Recommended,230230,11597031,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DiMori.tedo201,"An Amazing throwback to classic RPG Gaming.  Its refreshing to see that the Larian Studios has taken the time to breathe life back into a long forgotten genre.  I love everything about this game from the crafting, art style and game design choice.   The class balance does seem a bit off but it's forgivable in context of everything else.Highly recommend picking this up."
76561198028721484,Recommended,230230,9571100,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Very rough around the edges and unpolished, as expected with an early alpha. But you can tell that there is a solid core that could be developed into a great game."
,Recommended,230230,11152447,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,Teleported into a room where a woman was bathing. 10/10
76561198154786600,Recommended,230230,30583515,Posted: 17 March,all,Atia.Of.Julii,One of my favorite games of all time.  Over 230 hours played!!
76561197971761334,Recommended,230230,14815542,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Adonik,"Haven't finished it but I'm over 70 hours in so I think I can write a fair review.I was worried I'd be bad at this game but it was getting such great reviews I decided to buy it on sale.  Happy that I did.You're eased into the game at the start, although the number of skills you have at your disposal is a little daunting.  After the initial intro however, you're on your own.  A lot of things are there for you to discover as you play the game.  This makes it a bit harder but it's done in a way that is fun.  And there's lots of that to be had.The graphics in these well imagined environments are gorgeous, but you do need a hefty system for them.  I tried it with both 4 and then 8 gigs of RAM.  There's an enormous difference in performance despite my video card (770 GTX).Story is very intriguing, but the game shines I think most in gameplay.  The number of skills/spells you can have is staggering and almost seems unfair to the enemies you'll face.  This is not a linear game, however I will say you'll be limited at times as to where you can go due to enemy level difference, which you can sometimes circumvent.  As an example I snuck through a whole canyon of higher level orcs and goblins to access a mine with my rogue, then teleported the rest of the party inside to continue.  This can be problematic however if you can't find enemies you can level up on.This is a LONG game, and you can really tell that they put effort in refining it.  There are a lot of events that had me laughing out loud too; the developers have quite a sense of humor.If you're a fan of the genre I wouldn't pass it up."
,Recommended,230230,13763179,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spardacus ˙ ͜ʟ˙,"It might be difficult at the beginning of the game when you're trying to learn the basics, but it'll be plenty more fun once you get used to the game mechanisms. 11/10 better than RuneScape and WoW combined!"
,Recommended,230230,10349700,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,my second character distracted a guard so I could sneak into a cellara rat told me about a hidden button hidden behind some meatI decided to drop some cheese next to him as thankshe ate it10/10
,Recommended,230230,11677022,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Linraen,wowmuch RPGsuch classicvery play
76561198015295432,Recommended,230230,11053867,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JGuston,"This past fall, my wife and I wanted to start a new hobby together. We settled on the idea of getting into table top RPG's, and so we picked up Pathfinder. Immediately we fell in love with the roleplaying, the freedom, the stories, combat, and so on and so forth. There was a major downside to our new found love. Those with whom we shared our time with where ""unique"". Personally, I had nothing more against these individuals, other than I wish they utilized proper hygiene and did not emit the foul stench of cat urine. We stopped playing, but the itch for roleplaying continued, until I discovered this diamond of a game that Larian has produced. Just looking at the quality of work while this was in alpha was enough to make me salivate.This game has a very special way of letting the player(s) go about tackling quests. You choose how you want to go about solving quests, and in many cases, I have found that I have never solved many of the quests the same way twice. The character creation is very thorough and in depth, where you choose your initial class. However, once you have chosen that class, if you point points into other talents and abilities you can create and customize a character that is specific to your interests. Larian has stated that they wanted to create an atmosphere that is reminiscent of table top RPG's, and I think that they have surpassed that goal. As of yet, I cannot say what it is like to play this game solo, due to fact that I am playing with my wife, however I would imagine it would still be enjoyable, but I highly recommend playing it with someone else if you have the ability to do so.Lastly the price. The direction and vision Larian has for their new game is set to have no limit, whether content is created by them or modders. The price then seems almost too good to be true. With the attention that few other companies give to their games post launch, I feel Larian very deserving of my money, time, and attention. They have put out minor fixes everyday for since the game has launched. While we have not had any issues, other players may have, and for a company to listen so intently to the concerns of their customers as to put out hotfixes each day is almost unheard of anymore. $40 is a steal for how much I have been enjoying this game, it has been my guilty pleasure as a therapist to come home after a long day of helping others with their problems, and play for 4-6 hours with my sweetheart. It is truly an experience that I hope to continue as we become more involved and delve deeper into the depths of dungeons, becoming more involved in the world around us, and lastly enjoying every second of the problem solving.If you are still on the fence about this game, give it a chance. Even if you do not like, consider the money spent as a donation to a studio very deserving of the positive recognition for this game. I cannot speak for their past works, but I will be paying attention to what they do in the future."
76561198024556066,Recommended,230230,9700893,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,[JiF]Gib,"The Golden Age of RPG's is back!  I've been playing the alpha early release the last few days and my god this game is gorgeous and jammed full of content!  This sets the bar for rpgs.  Beta release they say in April and I can't wait!  Hopfully true multiplayer will happen in the full release along with finding(search skill?) secret doors.  The puzzles I have enjoyed greatly would like to see more!  Combat is done right and takes me back to the days of table top d&d planning moves and positioning and the action point system adds to that.  Wish I worked for these guys, talk about a wet dream job!  Congratulations on what looks to be the rpg game of the decade!  Bravo to the studio, bravo!!Yes, I became an instant fanboy in just 4 days, soo much fun! ;)"
76561198034785312,Recommended,230230,19058850,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,edward_adams,"Good! Great! GRAND! WONDERFUL!NO YELLING ON THE BUS!Depressing that Steam has to let me know how many hours of my life are wasted.Form the Apple II to Commodore to Amiga to PC and consoles, glad they don't have that total.Great game, graphics, fun, witty, but tired old DnD storyline.  Good guy comes in and defeats evil and saves the world."
,Recommended,230230,10998805,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sir_Bertran,"Awesome! 1st ever co-op game for 2 person, where gameplay is really suited for it! I wouldn't spoil anything, so just try it with friend, that is hated by you!)"
76561197970336456,Recommended,230230,18563809,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Flatus,"Divinity: Original Sin is turn-based rpg with most important feature in my opinion multiplayer the game up to 4 players. And it's not pvp or some multiplayer scenario, it's the actual game played in multiplayer. It works, and it's really fun.Game contains lots of dialogue and interactive combat. Combat is turn-based and environment matters. If it's raining, burning effects wont stay, and if there's ice on the ground, you can slip on it. Things like that make the game more tactical and can sometimes create really unfair, but often fun results.Story is affected by the choices player(s) make, to some extent. You can deal with encounters in plenty of different ways, for example peacefully negotiate, or straight up murder everyone. Literally. You can kill almost everyone in the game if you want, town npc's and such.You can develop your character in many ways. Be either a melee warrior, stealthy rogue, mage out of many different spell schools or ranger. You're also free to combine these stereotypes and play hybrid class.It's great, fun game with tongue-in-cheek attitude. I wholeheartedly recommend the game to anyone wanting a turn-based rpg action.----------------------Then, my personal negative sides of the game:My personal negative side of the game is that combat-wise pure damage is way stronger than any kind of tanking. While this is true in most rpg games in general, it still saddens me that there's great possibilities for some kind of tanking setup but it's much harder to play, or rather pure damage dealer party is so much more stronger that it's bit silly.Another negativity is that stealing is way too easy. So easy that it becomes second nature to just steal everything even bit valuable, and that can break the game more or less. At least I felt that I became bit too overpowered because I could just steal everything, sell, buy things like bonus skill point books. If you get caught while stealing, you can get attacked and so on, but it's very easy to avoid that happening. Stealing doesn't affect morality of the characters in any way besides one dialogue option between the players, and even then you can say that stealing is wrong and steal stuff anyway.Besides these two things, the game is exceptionally good and wholeheartedly recommended!"
,Recommended,230230,9751526,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sinaku,"A solid mix between Skyrim, Diablo series, and KOTOR styled combat this has to be one of the best upcoming RPGs of the century. I have played through all of the beta content and I can't wait for the full game to be released!"
,Recommended,230230,10602551,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Palmino,"Loving the beta so far, still some bugs to be found but mostly amazing!"
76561198061428850,Recommended,230230,9755430,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Aldof Fapler,This game is a freaking awesome game I love most of the games from LS it is totally worth spending $40
76561198010645527,Recommended,230230,10985378,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wes Rabbit,A great game. A modern day Baldur's Gate with the sense of a throw back to the days of pen and paper RPGs.
,Recommended,230230,11025939,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,LackDeath,This game got all things you can want from RPG game . Fans of rpg genre must have this !!!!
,Recommended,230230,8783735,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Pope,"Great adventure, looks like there are tons of stuff in the game to do. Alpha version crashes a lot, make sure you auto-save a lot. (F5)"
76561197970781615,Recommended,230230,11241528,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,aslee4,"Pretty close to my ideal game. Similar to Temple of Elemental Evil but not burdened by a PnP mechanic system nor the desire to recreate a PnP module. Single player alone would be amazing, but the multiplayer through the campaign is fully supported and essentially plays out like all the good parts of a PnP session (down to internal party conflicts, if minimally) with all the benefits of being a CRPG. The combat system is incredibly deep but follows consistent rules and heavily rewards clever tactics, with huge emphasis on proper positioning and use of environment.The game is also quite challenging, giving a reason to need good tactics. Crowd control is brutal, you will almost always be outnumbered and your enemies are not afraid to lock your party down if you mess up. A number of special encounters also introduce little gimmicks, ensuring major fights don't get completely repetitive.On top of that, the game is fairly freeform within the constraints of a linear plot. Most side quests have alternative resolutions that can impact how other missions play out. The quests themselves are handled as journal entries rather than specific tasks and rewards exploration and proactive investigation.The only real issues are that the very end game feels a bit rushed (that said, this is after 50+ hours of very high production quality campaign) and, arguably, balance issues (due to the emphasis on battlefield control, ranged and caster characters are extremely strong in comparison to melee). However, the balance is debatable and on the whole a lot more enjoyable due to the high differentation in the skillsets compared to a very tightly tuned skillset, and the ability of any character to essentially multiclass freely gives you lots of options if something isn't working out."
76561198015220651,Recommended,230230,11139696,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,meeelting,This game is downright amazing. Baldurs Gate 2 storytelling combined with turn-based combat. Can't ask for more.
,Recommended,230230,10021183,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ShadowDancer,"After playing the release version for a good 20 hours and killing every evil thing walking the vicinity of Cyseal, it's time to share my thoughts on Divinity: Original Sin. Most things I said in my EA-review hold true. The game is simply a lot of good, old RPG-fun. It's challenging but not frustrating. It's complex but not confusing, there's a lot to read but that's well written, and there's so much detail and stuff to do and things to find out, I may sink 100 hours into it.To shorten the wait for a decent cRPG I played Baldur's Gate for the first time and Divinity is just as much a joy to play. It's certainly not perfect. There could be much more interaction with your companions and NPCs, the story could be presented better, managing your party inventories is more laborious than it could be, and you can clearly see, Larian was on a tight budget. But none of these things reduce the qualities this game brings - buy it, if you like party-turn-based RPGs!Only one thing battered me when I tought about it: Larian clearly failed to deliver the Kickstarter strechgoals. We knew Day/Night Cycles would not be in the game. It's disappointing but I can live with that. But where's the Lair beneath Phantom Forest, dynamic weather, the orchestral soundtrack and the deep character of the companions? There's not even a way of telling whether they included the other goals since they were formulated in a very abstract way. Don't get me wrong, this won't make Divinity worse in any way, but it leaves a bad taste of broken promise after all. 9/10---I may write a longer review when the game comes out. For now, I can only share my EA-impression. Divinity: Original Sin has improved so much in the last few weeks, especially in terms of usability, that I think it's save to say: It's going to be great. The game grants unparalleled freedom, is fun to play for anyone who likes turn-based RPGs and it looks impressive too. The only thing that annoys me somewhat is the lack of acoustic feedback when interacting with the world, but that's peanuts.If your willing to take the risk of buying a beta that might turn out to be bad - which will not happen imho - than buy it now. Everyone else wait until June 30th. Thank you Larian."
,Recommended,230230,28111253,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dare,"I recommend it, but you're probably better off just getting the remaster."
,Recommended,230230,11687780,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Tyler Wilkens,"Pros:-Great Story-Very polished game-Tons of quests-The entire world is connected (Quests are often times related to one another as well as the world, giving everything very strong context)-Great Economy and barter/crafting system-Constantly updated and worked on by Larion-Amazing, in-depth combat systemCons:-Main campaign offers up to 2 player support (Can make 4 player with mods.)-Limited camera rotation (Main campaign only due to their design philosophy.)"
76561198043345871,Recommended,230230,11881894,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Soda101,"From a generation ago.As a player of pc rpgs from 1991, and table top before that I can say this games hit the nail on the head for capturing the depth of thought required to play an indepth campain without being babysat.Engaging and enjoyable."
,Recommended,230230,11696449,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mercury | SCVG | SEG <3 Jk,I can complete quests by killing the NPCs that gave them to me.10/10 Game
76561198001820511,Recommended,230230,11064886,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Spyzzie,"What can i say about this game? Did anyone expect it to be this good? I can speak for myself that i did not. This game is probably the best Rpg made in the last years. Awesome story, exploration at its finest, really difficult, moddable and on top of that you can play it with a friend.  If you had second thoughts about buying it cause of the price, don't. Don't let yourself miss on this masterpiece."
,Recommended,230230,11182868,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Timespike,"A True ClassicNot a ""modern classic"" - a true classic. This is the new benchmark for this kind of RPG. Details below.Short version:This is an old-school-style RPG with modern graphics sound and UI. It isastoundinglygood. It's a shame hyperbolic terms like ""awesome,"" ""incredible,"" and ""phenomenal"" are so overused in modern communication, because they apply.Long version:The tone reminds me more of the original two Fallout games than any fantasy series I can point to. The main story is fairly dark and gets more so as the story progresses, but there is still plenty of humor and lightheartedness to be found in the world. Both of these aspects are handled well; I recall my pair of very heroic protagonists being unnerved and dismayed more than once by stuff going on around them, which made them feel like actual good people in a hard situation rather than just wooden protagonist bots that are above things like emotion.Gameplay in combat feels like the best parts of Jagged Alliance 2, The Banner Saga, and Baldur's Gate with a hefty helping of things I haven't seen before. There are a lot of very satisfying synergies, and the designers clearly know how to design good encounters, because almost every fight in the game is an interesting tactical situation. Attacks feel so weighty that I actually winced a few times.Social interactions and storytelling are also very good. The game includes a social conflict system, and it's the first time I've seen one that actually managed to create some tension in a video game.I would also be remiss if I didn't mention how good the soundtrack and sound design are. I wound up purchasing the deluxe DLC because I wanted to be able to listen to the soundtrack, and the sound effects and environment noises are also great.The art design is similarly spectacular. This isn't the most graphically-intensive game you'll ever play, but it isgorgeousto look at, and everything feels like it fits in the world.If I have one criticism, it's that some times the puzzles are a little bit too obtuse, but I'd rather have to scratch my head and/or look for help in a forum or wiki than have my hand held through the whole game. It respects your intelligence and persistence.I'm not even done with the main campaign and I already want a sequel. I cannot recommend this highly enough."
,Recommended,230230,11717319,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a video and written impression of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxTtm9l_AHwDivinity takes PC turn based RPGs and modernize it with the shimmer and shine of today's graphical standards. Though the game looks fantastic, I would even go as far as saying one of the best in the genre, the core and mechanics stay true to it's source. The game is deep and will require dozens if not hundreds of hours from the player. If you are looking for a time sink, this one will do you just fine. The writing and story are equally as impressive as it's visuals. Characters are lively with humor and personality, and the narrative will draw you in with it's many incentives to role play.Since the game is so large in scope, I found it to be slow at the start. Not just pacing, but also in understanding. It took me a few re-rolls before I made a game that I was happy with, and even then it took me roughly 3-4 hours before I moved away from the dialog heavy town, and into the more actiony bits. Of course my persistent demand to talk to every single towns folk before leaving may have contributed to more time than needed, and only serve as testimony in how engrossing the writing can be. Also keep in mind, you need to be able to enjoy reading... a lot. There is only limited voice acting and the majority of the game is told in written form.Overall, the game is every thing I expected and more. It will probably go down as one of the great classics of our time.Pros:- Excellent visuals and overall presentation- Deep mechanics- HUGE game- Lots of customization- Great writing- Classic return to form, for this style of RPGCons:- Slow to start (potentially).- Could prove too daunting for those who are short on free time."
,Recommended,230230,10970879,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Tei,"Things burn when they get fire,  water freeze with frozen magic,  people can't see you if you are invisible (even scripted events)...   theres a world simulated inside this game that follow the rules of physics and magic. This game is a pretty and glorious magic sandbox that will send your two characters flyiing.  Its also a game designed for carefully exploration with two partners online. Its the answer to a question we did not knew it existed. ""Wheres is the perfect coop Baldurs Gate?"""
76561198040488723,Recommended,230230,9106368,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Melandrhild,"A great game made by passionated people. It takes the best from old school turn-based RPG's but with something new to it, a whole original atmosphere, full of humor and epicness. Also, the musics and landscapes are great and immersive.What we played in coop from the alpha only makes me impatient to play the final result !"
,Recommended,230230,10138933,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mikkos,I made a cooking pot into a helmet by bashing it with a hammer. Game of the year. What year? Every year!
76561197979918109,Recommended,230230,9757524,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Holo the Wise,"This game, is so much fun, reviews weren't kidding when they said it feels like a modern day Baldur's Gate. So far im 11 hours in and havent even touched the surface of even the beta content. This game makes you think about how to complete quests instead of just a ""go here"" marker. You see there is oil on the ground and an enemy is standing it it... Great, how can you use that i wonder, well you throw a fire spelll and it explodes for massive damage. Only one of the many ways you can use the environment to your advantage in D:OS!"
,Recommended,230230,10585541,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,"Destroy, She Said","My first memorable Top Down RPG was probably the Fallout series and in many ways it's left a lasting impression on what i like in my RPG's.  I absolutely fall in love with rich worlds, well crafted lore, unique NPCs, and a certain amount of freedom with character creation (both in gameplay and personality).  While their have been many pretenders to the throne to this old school theory of game development and the general meta-game has shifted toward action based RPG's Larian Studios has restored my faith with Divinity Original Sin.I've been playing through the comabt and avoiding the story as much as possible but what accidental bits i've discovered and the combat has me very excited for the full release.  To say i've bought into the hype is a bit of an understatement.  I'm actively drinking the kool-aid at this point.This is going to be one of those games you wake up on the weekend and make yourself a cup of coffee while playing co-op with one of your old gaming friends.  There will be pauses between dialogue choices as you decided how you want to respond and several minute long planning sessions on how to engage a tough fight (see the 4 elemental demon bosses early on.  We fought them at lvl 4 and won but it did take a little bit of planning).I'll give a more solid review when the game is fully released as i've been reading that launch has been delayed for voice acting (MOTHER OF GOD, YES!) and the same company and actors from dragon commander are doing the voices.  For the uninformed, Dragon Commander has some very solid voice acting and helped sell the world and general atmosphere of the game.  I have complete faith that a return of the actors from Dragon Commander will be an incredible experience ontop of something i'm already looking forward to.  (i also have a schoolyard crush on the actress that did Ophelia's voice in Dragon Commander, Here's hoping she does voices for Original Sin too)But my general reccomendation is to buy this game.  If you're a twitch gaming kind of guy then save your money for something more to your taste but if you like RPG's, stategy games, Pen/Paper DND, tactical turn-based combat, and any variations of those core game elements then this game is absolutely for you."
,Recommended,230230,14950324,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Bruce,"This game can be very difficult at first. The world and gameplay are very detailed, and the game doesn't really act like most games in helping you along. This learning curve can be very intimidating when you first start playing, and actually had me put the game down after a few hours, thinking I would never pick it back up. Boy am I glad I did. All of those reasons that make it so difficult to start make it so rewarding once you can some momentum.One of my favorite all time games is Baldur's Gate 2. That game was so professionally crafted, and although it was an open-world RGP on the surface, it doubled as a complex strategy game. Unlike most games of today, the encounters were not levelled. That meant you could walk into an encounter with enemies at a much higher level than your character. Of course, you would probably be eviscerated in your attempt to just get out alive. Then after you reloaded your game, you would be obsessed at beating that challenge. You would try different spells, buy different equipment, try sneaking and backstabbing, different spells and scrolls, you would do anything possible to win. The game was amazingly open to your creative solutions, and once you finally found a strategy that looked like it worked, you would be exhilarated. I loved that about that game more than anything. While I have loved games like Skyrim since then, I have still never experienced anything quite like that since.Divinity: Original Sin may be the most worthy successor to Baldurs Gate 2 I have seen. The RPG elements are different. It takes more of an Elder Scrolls type style, where you can choose to start from base classes, but leveling up doesn't have class restrictions. You can start as a thief, then start learning spells. You can be an archer that knows water based spells, or a assassin that knows witchcraft. its more closer to the spirit of the 4th edition of D&D than advanced dungeons and dragons. Overall I think that works well. There are many choices to make that create nuanced changes to your gameplay.The setting and world is very detailed, but feels like a much smaller scale than Baldur's Gate 2. Though you can enter every building and talk and trade with every character.The game really excels in its combat. Everything works together and can be used strategically. You can put out fires with a Rain spell, you can light oil on fire to burn your enemies. You can shock everyone standing in a pool of water, you can blow up poison gas. You get up to four party members, and can make each of their skills compliment each other. My one buddy will often lay an oil slick on the ground to have my thief ignite with his flame spells(yes my thief is a pyrotechnic wizard). My actual wizard will often teleport an enemy close to my buddy's bruiser warrior character for quick dispatchment. There are a million and one different ways to approach a battle and we often lose miserably on a first encounter, only to eventually succeed after careful planning. There aren't many encounters you can really take for granted. There are probably less enemy encounters than in other games, but each one is hard fought and feels dynamic. Essentially, this is as far from a hack and slash game you can possibly have.In typical D:OS fashion, the crafting/inventory/item collection aspects are richly detailed and not explicitly explained. Its indicative of every aspect of the game. Most of the time it feels like a developer is trying to point out ever single part of their game in an effort to demonstrate how much time it took to create it. Larian Studios is so absurdly casual about crafting one the most dense games in decades. We were basically ignoring cracting entirely until my partner found aGuidebookonline. I thought all that stuff we were picking up was just meaningless stuff to sell. Needless to say, we are pretty excited to jump back into the game and try some of that stuff out.I don't have many complaints about the game, but I have some differences of opinions. Mainly, I wish that this was 4 player, considering that you can have 4 party members. Also, we my friend hosts our game, and the save files aren't accessible to me at all. I don't really own the characters I play with, its like he just grants me control while we play together. We also end up fighting over chests a little more than I like. Some recent games like Deathtrap brought some appreciated sharing of treasure. In D:OS, we tend to greedily race to the dropped loot after a battle and walk into traps looking for chests."
76561198006761928,Recommended,230230,12282388,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AxiomOfChoice,"In short: An extremely good classical RPG.For the elders:I wouldn't say it's on par with Baldur's Gate 2 or Torment, but yet it's not far behind either. It will surely bring you good memories. They mixed new stuff ( coop, better UI, ergonomy and graphics) with good old stuff which made good cRPGs good at our time. Plot is very nice, and gameplay very addicitve (I personally spend hours crafting stuff).For younglings: This is the best game for you to introduce you to a great game type which was left aside for a good while. If you like this one, you're on a great path, which will include (in any order) Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Arcanum, the two first Fallouts, and Planescape Torment (My all time favorite).It might be harder than your average game, but like every game (not just video games), overcoming the difficulty is proportionnaly rewarding.9/10 A must buy."
76561198009603748,Recommended,230230,11321169,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Turbosnowy,"Basically what you imagine Baldur's Gate 3 to be with tough choices, tough fights,  great freedom and zero handholding (no markers on maps for quests etc, so you need to use your noggin) - old school RPG which is just great - hopefully we'll get some expansions/DLC to continue the fun (although I have tons of hours played already, still only in second area haha so chances are many weeks of fun to come with just the original game :D )"
,Recommended,230230,11486237,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Karmastocracy,"This is the best game I've played since I was enraptured by the Gauntlet as a child. Hands down the BEST COOP RPG ever made! This is the first time I've ever written a Steam review, but this game is so worth it."
,Recommended,230230,11157648,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥... Baldur's Gate, is that you?This game is the closest thing to BG I have played in years.  It has all of the moral ambiguity (kill peasants for their pocket change, or help those in need if you would prefer).   The graphics are gorgeous with an adjustable top-down perspective that is reminiscent of BG / Neverwinter nights.  Character development & customization is deep , allowing you to tailor your character's strengths with different perks, traits, skills, and equipment.    The dialogue is also pretty hilarious and the NPCs feel surprisingly 'alive'.10/10.   I cannot wait to see where this game goes."
,Recommended,230230,11055944,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Schmavid,"I have played many many games and very few of them offer the freedom, satisfaction, and fun that Dvinity: Original Sin brings to the table. Most modern RPGs are more action than RPG, and suffer from dumb downed and simplified gameplay to appeal to a broader audience. Well Divinity: Original Sin brings the depth and interaction of older series like Baldur's Gate as well as beautiful graphics and music that really brings the Dungeons and Dragons style genre to the next level.Quests require you to talk to various npcs, whose dialouges are always extraordinarily written, and read excerpts from journals and books to uncover plots and mysteries as well as unravel your tale as a Source Hunter. There are no quest markers or waypoints, which may leave you lost or searching for what to do next, but as you adjust and learn to put the pieces together you will find yourself immersed in the beautiful world,Every aspect of the game just feels so finely polished and well made. Dialouges with npcs are engaging and many times hilarous. The word intuitive is thrown around a lot for games, but the crafting system in Divinity definitely deserves it. I don't want to give too much away but one small example is you can take a knife to a pillow to get a feather, which can be combined with the same knife to create a quill which can be crafted into various other things. The world is extremely interactive, rivaling AAA titles like Skyrim with the ability to pick up and move around almost every object, including chests and barrels.The combat is turn-based, with each party member having a number of action points, determined by various stats, that are used to move, use skills, etc during combat. It is very tatical, and the environment plays a huge role. You can lay down oil, slowing your opponents and limiting their action points for a couple of turns, then even light the pool of oil on fire buring everyone standing in it. There are many combinations like this, such as making it rain then electrocuting and stunning opponents standing in the pool of water that forms. One of the big ways the combat stands out is that buffs and debuffs play a serious role in the combat. Being stunned, knocked, down, etc can take someone out of a fight for multiple turns, creating huge advantages. Fights are very tough, and you are almost always fighting someone a higher level than you are, so utilizing your skills correctly is key to a satisfying victory.You can also converse with the people in your party, discussing events and things that you've done. You also discuss with your party when making decisions for quests. There are multiple meters for how people percieve you, such as independent/dependent, heartless/compationate, bold/cautious, that change based on the decisions you make and things you say.The icing on the cake of Divinity: Original Sin is that all of this can be experienced with a friend. There is drop in/drop out co op that is super easy to use. You can split up control of your party amongst the two of you and set off on your adventure.I can not reccomend this game enough, especially to any who find themselves going waypoint to waypoint completing boring quests or easy mind numbing combat in other games. For casual gamers I would still recommend this game, but heed my warning that you may find yourself lost and not sure where to go next, or having difficulties in a tough fight. You can always turn the difficulty down though if you're having too much trouble.So get out there. Explore. Discover. Interact."
76561197970612498,Recommended,230230,13279207,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Vanwilder,divinty deserved gamers rpg of the year fu critics
76561198013336701,Recommended,230230,11094237,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TinEater,"Once upon a time, they used to make role playing games for computers.   They weren't strategy/action/shooter hybrids. They weren't massively multiplayer.  They were just RPGs -- no hypens, no prefixes.  They had titles like Ultima, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Fallout (1 & 2), Neverwinter Nights, Arcanum, Dragon Age: Origins.  These were awesome games and a lot of people loved them, but game publishers decided that they weren't generating enough revenue so they stopped making them.Larian has successfully revived a dead genre and updated it in a meaningful way.  And they somehow managed it without a publisher and the compromises that come along with them.  I could list the reasons why I love this game, but I really want to get back to playing.  So all I'll say is this:  if you've ever enjoyed a real computer RPG, get this game.  If you're sick of gear grinding, F2P schemes, and consolization, buy this game.  Don't wait for a sale.  Just click the button and buy it.  You can thank me later."
,Recommended,230230,25167824,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Aviticus Dragon,An amazing masterpiece full of innovation!
76561198040669155,Recommended,230230,14645561,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Helluvee,"Overall: 8/10What a fun, polished, classic-style RPG!D:OS is hands down the best RPG of this sort since Dragon Age: Origins. Interesting combat system, good story line, and never a dull moment.PROS+ Not a single ""fetch"" quest. Seriously, about 100 quests and not a single one of them falls into the ""go get me 10 pairs of smelly panties"" category.+ Excellent graphics with bright colors, excellent level of detail, atmospheric nuances, weather, terrain, all very beautiful to watch.+ Interesting, innovative, detailed and hard to master combat system. When ""fight"" is on, solid tactics are essential.+ Lots of content, areas to explores, NPCs. D:OS' world is very much alive and full of detail. A single, completist playthrough is well over 100 hours.+ Humor galore. Easter eggs, puns, funny remarks everywhere. For the first time ever I even paid attention to ""achievements"", each one a nod to some more or less obscure rock track (Sleeping Village, Disciples of the Watch and No More Mr Nice Guy among my favs).+ Appropriate sound track, not invasive, you won't feel the need to turn it off.+ Game is very polished, in 150 hours i've encountered just one, quite minor, graphic glitch.CONS- Characters are devoid of any real personality: voice overs are sparse, character build doesn't help, you don't really get attached to your main character as you would have done with Origins, or ME's Shepard, or even with Baldur's Gate. You get stronger and stronger, but you don't ""grow"".- The UI would need an overhaul, inventory management is tedious and a time waster.- Some quests are too obscure and counter intuitive, if you really want to complete everything you will need to go check a walkthrough from time to time unless you enjoy pixel-hunting for a semi invisible knob or switch."
,Recommended,230230,11161007,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ralelen,"Fantastic RPG!This RPG reminds me of the classics: PlaneScape Torment, Baldur's Gate I & II, Icewind Dale. If you are use to RPGs that hold your hand and tell you what to do, this is not the game for you. You have to THINK, SEARCH, and READ, lots and lots of reading. The combat is turn based so dont expect to click your way out of a fight. Its quite refreshing to see a game like this come out. Go buy it, what are you waiting for?"
76561197988482086,Recommended,230230,10376802,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nedumaran,"Welcome back to the 90's-- a great era for party-based, turn-based RPGs!D:OS adds a few modern twists to an old formula, and it works. Can't wait to get the final version."
,Recommended,230230,13165741,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,zjmonk,10/10这游戏能让你为了一条支线任务偷一晚上的内裤。10/10You can spent a night to steal underwears just for a side quest.
,Recommended,230230,10993907,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ಠ_ಠ Exil,"Now that the game is released I can share my thoughts and experience with it and hopefully help someone make the choice if this game is for them or not.I bought the game during its early access stage and completed the first portion it had (25% of the total game) for two times, then fiddled with it after each major update and I have to say that the game has evolved quite nicely, much better than I thought it would be.The final version is great and works. I have heard of people experiencing some problems (or finding bugs), I've yet to find anything however so I won't say that its bug free or otherwise.But how is the game itself? First of all, this is not your standard RPG like Diablo or Skyrim, its much more tactical. Think back to games like Dungeon Siege 1 where you had a party and each battle depended on the action you told each member to take, it depends on how you approach the battle and how well prepared you are.At the same time the game does not hold your hands at all. You have a quest book which gives you information about what you need to do but most of the time it won't tell you where to go directly. It will however give you hints and its up to you to find out how you can complete the quest. This is much more refreshing since it opens up the world a lot, it makes you think and revisit people and places to get more clues and ultimately complete the quest. Overall, once the quest is completed it feels so much more rewarding.The game is also pretty much open world. Its not as open world as Skyrim for example but its so much more than Diablo, meaning that its not a linear experience of going to point B from point A but at the same time those points exist. Its up to you how you get from one point to another and especially when you go. No one said you can't go from point A to point G from the get go, just be ready to face some strong opponents on your way.The NPC's in the game (friendly) are also very alive, they won't just sit idle while you steal from them, or rob their house. You can steal everything you want, just don't expect them to sit quietly and watch you take it all away. First they will stop you, then they will call the quards which in turn will land you in jail (if you do not stop stealing). But that doesn't mean the game forbids you from being an♥♥♥♥♥to the world. As long as no one sees you, steal as much as you like (since its so damn rewarding).Finally, the combat. Like I said in a previous paragraph, its a call back to the older games. The combat is turn based. You and your enemies take turns on hitting each other. You have a set about of Action points (AP) that you can use to do various things like moving, attacking, healing and so on. Once you run out of AP its time to end your turn and let the enemy do his thing.Because of this turn based system the game feels much more fresh and at the same time much more harder (which is very good for this title). One mistake might cost you the lives of a team member or your own (thankfully you can revive them as long as you have a ressurection scroll). Play your cards right and you will win battles with ease...you just need to pay close attention and think before acting.I personally recommend the game to RPG fans, especially those that loved the games of old and even more to the new people that haven't had the chance to try one of the old games due to various reasons."
76561198046820774,Recommended,230230,10089774,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SPEERO ARENACANUS,"The game is incredible. One of the few games I've been excited to get home and play in a long time.There are certainly many things that can be improved, but given that this is a beta, it is expected. Nevertheless, the number of positives in the game greatly outweigh the negatives, and I'm very excited to see the final product.Highly recommend if you enjoy old school rpg/strategy games. This game feels like Baldur's Gate meets any other strategy rpg without the hex-based combat."
76561197985043750,Recommended,230230,11280558,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,viralen,"This game is downright amazing.At first I didnt really know what I was doing, but with more reading and exploration the game really. Questing is not just started by marked NPCs. A journal entry is made and you must read and explore on your own to get things done. Crafting also happens to be solved by exploring your ingredients. Simply by putting random herbs in a vial or special arrow heads onto a shaft, no crafting table or work bench required. The game makes you want to talk to everyone and has an interesting interaction between your two main characters through interactive conversations. This game is a great old school turn based rpg and the immersion makes you feel like you are in a very interaction DnD campaign.The only cons I can think of are the movement sometimes seems clunky and multiplayer is currently only 2 player. It seems that a mod is already in the works of changing the multiplayer to 4 players.Divinity: Original Sin is a must buy for any avid rpg player."
,Recommended,230230,16437690,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,adrianarusso42,"This is my favorite old style rpg, I just started this game, but the gameplay is really good! Can't wait for the next upgrade :)"
76561198013622319,Recommended,230230,12909658,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ishKiia,"I have never played any of this series at all so I'm giving this review without the past tinting it in good or bad way for those that might not know anything about the game.  So I will give you with the bit I've played my first impressions with what I think is good and bad.Since I got it I haven't been able to get out of it... in a good way.  I'm totally addicted and found the game that suits me to the max.  This is turn based, so it gives me time to think without pressure yet still sitting on the edge of my seat at the fight.It kind of threw me in the beginning though on character creation because I didn't know it was a duo... I was quite perplexed when I had to create two and customize them. (again I've never played any of the earlier ones so not even sure if that is how they worked in those)  But the whole two character thing had be curious right off the bat.  I figured it was basicly like a skyrim of a different flavor, story, etc etc.  But it isn't and it is!  For me, it's perfect.  It guides you along at the beginning yet gives you freedom to experiment and explore to start you out.  Perfectly balanced in my opinion for a brand new person.  They are great at the queues you need to not salp you in the face eyt pop up at the perfect time with suggestions.  They aren't obnoxious at all, but definitely letting you know about a new feature.I think it is an amazing and creative touch about the dialogs you have that affect the game between your two characters that you choose how it goes.  There are different options.   They really thought out of the box on this one.  I'm an animator for the film TV and gaming industries and not much impresses me. But this one did.the only negative thing I can say about it is the camera.  though it's not hard to get the hang at all on rotating it, they put a limit on it severely so you have to zoom in to see through walls at times, which is a feature of the game, not a bug.  It just messes up my immersion a wee bit, but i'm sure I will get used to it soon enough.I just love the barter / selling / buying system a LOT.  items are as good as gold and visa versa.  it took me a couple times to realize I could switch between the characters in the same selling / bartering menu, but it's something that isn't hidden at all either.I could go on and on about it but in a nut shell, it's just amazing and I'm totally addicted and that is a huge feat to do with my line of work.Create an awesome day and kudos to the awesome creativity to the devs.  it is totally worth the price!~ ish"
,Recommended,230230,8780108,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wolf HarpeR,"I can already say - it will be best RPG of 2014.A lot of content, great interactivity, intresting story and magnificent, charming music!If you like old-school RPG (BG,Fallout and etc.) you should buy it immediately!"
76561197994621685,Recommended,230230,10464523,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ApokalypsePro,Game play is great and the banter between the two heroes is fun also the music and sound track is awesome
,Recommended,230230,9310976,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,jay,"A lot of fun, some crashes but that's to be expected for an Early Access Game. But yeah, totes recommend this game.*APRIL PATCH*THIS GAME JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER EVERY UPDATE. I've watched it evolved every update and that is simply amazing. That should be enough of a reason to buy i!*FINAL RELEASE*I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!! If you love turn-based strategic games that require you to actually think to win battles quickly and to beat higher levels, this game may or may not be for you. I don't know, I just wanted to sound like an actual review so that you guys will give this game a chance cause it's great."
76561198013027885,Recommended,230230,9048760,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,JayPi,"Update 6/28/2014Still in love with this game, awaiting release, the patch they released on Friday has added sounds and what not to the menu actions, and also managed to make the game run even smoother than it was before.I know it's not full release yet, but i've already clocked in 100+ hours into this game, and  awaiting my collector's edition, so yeah, this is bascially my GOTY 2014, 2nd only to Shovel Knight or something.Update 4/25/14: I LOVE THIS GAME!- The Loading issue has been fixed- The framerate is smooth as butter even with V-Sync on- And there have been a whole bunch of fixes and changes that only make me love the game more and more.Original Review:I'll be honest i'm really enjoying this game a lot, I keep coming back to it wanting to play more and more because it's so good, but then I remember it's in Alpha and the saves aren't always compatible so I end up not playing, but over all the gameplay feels pretty good, it's an isometric turn based RPG in the vein of Baulder's Gate or Fallout series, but there's a lot of details that make the game feel really good, for example, you can basically attack anything, if there's a barrel of oil and you use a fire spell on it, you can make it explode, also you can use those spells on doors, allies, or anything that glows red when you aim at it.Another great thing about this game is the humor, there's a lot of funny puns and diologue you'll find in this game that you won't see in other fantasy based RPG's, like putting a bucket over your head as a helmet, or being about to use a guitar as a weapon that actually has decent stats, I remember one time there was this monster called ""adorable puppy"", then when it got closer you realized it was a zombie dog, which kinda weirded me out.Also I can't forget the music, the music is pretty top notch, I'm not expert on music but basically I can sit in the menu or one place without even doing anything but sitting back listening to the music.That's not to say the game is without it's flaws, since it's still in Alpha, that means there's a lot of issues and bugs, i'll just list them.- The loading time at the beginning and when you load up the game is pretty long.- There's a lot of areas that haven't been added to the game yet.- The framerate stutters for me with V-sync on and in high settings, I know my PC can run it pretty well at it's best, but this feels like a game play issue, not one with my computer.- The game is only about 20% done, so sadly, there's a bit of a wait before getting the full experience..."
,Recommended,230230,9050313,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,SaL5a,"Very excited to see where this goes.  Beat it in a day with a buddy of mine, and then played it again.It might be a bit glitchy and slow to start, but once you get into it - it is a very enjoyable game.  Double the fun with a buddy.It is funny to find the bugs, too. :)"
,Recommended,230230,13290434,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ImNoobCarryMe,10/10. Please dont miss this game if u love rpg.
76561198044961000,Recommended,230230,21067113,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Roryn,"I remember the time that me and my friend came across these two sick and dying patients in a doctor's house. The nurse there had a healing stone, but it had only enough charge to cure one of the patients.The other would die.We realised this was no light choice. We had these two people lives in our hands, and one of them was about to slip away.We spent the next few minutes gathering information about both of these people. Anything that might help us decide.The answer became clearer.I figured we should save the man with a family, who is well loved and respected around the town. I was, in fact, surprised to learn that my friend felt differently. He though that we should save the young travelling merchant because he ""liked the way he looked"".How arbitrary.It seemed we weren't going to reach an agreement. It seems we would have to agree to disagree and then leave it up to the flip of a coin to see who to save.But my friend wasn't content with that.He drew his bow and walked right up to the older man's bed and threatened to shoot unless we did things his way.I knew he wasn't bluffing.Unwilling to compromise for the sake of a merchant without a family who risked his life every time he left the town gates, I knocked my friend to the ground, thereby eliminating the immediate threat he posed.I had only a few moments to convince him to do this the fair way... But I failed.We both knew I had superior equipment, and so I hoped that would deter my friend from attacking me. The problem was that he would do anything to get his way most times, and I knew this.And so we fought.""Don't make me do this!""""I'm not.""""If you keep trying to kill that man, I'll have no choice!""""Just let him die! He's useless!""""Stop it! I don't want to have to waste another resurrection scroll on you, but if you die I'll be the only one to make the call!""""You wouldn't do that!""""And why not? Besides, your guy still has a chance to live! As big a chance as my guy!""""Ok! Ok... You have a point. We'll do it the ""fair"" way.""Relief! I had convinced him. It was a lucky thing, too. He was on the ground, about to die.We played a game of scissors paper rock. Honestly... I cheated. We were in the same room and I waited to hear the sound effect that indicated which option he chose. He didn't notice and I didn't tell him until the ordeal was over.And so the well-known, loved and respected man was the one who was healed. I could tell my friend was annoyed but his clutching his hair and saying ""No!""And that was that.Except it wasn't.I couldn't believe what I was seeing... The man was just about to walk out of the house when my friend shot him! He didn't die immediately, but I knew I couldn't stop him this time. Even if I killed him, I'd just be wasting a resurrection scroll... My friend wouldn't stop until the other man was dead.And so I said ""Fine!""I drew my dagger and went to the side of the other man's bed. I thrust the dagger down once, twice, and it was over. There was blood all over the floor, and all over the bed. We looked at each other. ""You monster..."" I said.And then we burst out into laughter.Tragicomedy/10"
,Recommended,230230,10877258,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SHODANFreeman,"DOS is really good.  Super streamlined interface, very low overhead, easy to use commands like Dir/p, c:, cd, and md, it has it all.  It can even run all the best games of the 80s and 90s."
,Recommended,230230,8757393,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,EvilGnome,The game is amazing for only being in Alpha stage. Can't wait for it to fully come out and really see what this game can do. Love the combo skills to enhance combat.
,Recommended,230230,8751666,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DangerBanana,"Real-time exploration combined with turn-based combat that is intuitive enough not to be a hassle every time you get into a fight. So far, this alpha build is already a good representation of what I expect from an RPG, having played games such as Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale and other Black Isle games in the day.  This game, to me, is a modern adaptation, with mechanics, of the RPG-style game I played back then.  The option to discuss amongst the party and shape the personalities of the characters is a great feature to enhance the immersion.  I hope they'll take this a step further and open/close party member choices based on your party's personalities.Options are limited in the Alpha, which is understandable. Still, I'll have to agree that this game is now near the top of my most wanted releases for this year and in my opinion already worth a recommendation. If you're a fan of RPG's, buy this."
76561198032003494,Recommended,230230,8755521,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,D00m,"Incredible nostalgic vibes coming from this one. It is apparent that there was much love and thought put into the creation of this game. Defenetely worth a buy, even in it's current state."
,Recommended,230230,10963654,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dragoon,"Just how badly has modern game design softened your ability to be engaged in whats really going on in the story? The odds are quite a bit and this game will really show that. It's pretty refreshing to not have a quest marker, GPS tracker, arrow guidance or any quest helpers other then a detailed journal and common directional sense. It's actually funny how simple tasks without these crutches can now cause confusion and maybe embarassment or frustration.Divinity Original Sin will allow you to once again be actually mentally engaged in the game in order to do progression rather then drudging through it like a undead. Speaking of undead there are plenty of them as the Soure Hunter you are you will be battling a lot of them. With very rich detail, an enthralling soundtrack and turn based combat, Divinity Original Sin will satisfy any real RPG fan."
,Recommended,230230,8749731,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Very fun game and is rather in-depth. The camera rotation can make you a little edgy at times, just because it doesn't rotate 360; it's more like locked to 40 degrees. Texture and models are A+ to me. The story and character interaction will keep your interests."
,Recommended,230230,20860030,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mshafer7,One of my favorite rpgs of all time. Brings a level of freedom to battles that is so refreshing. Really quirky dialogue at points that is actually pretty funny.
,Recommended,230230,10553310,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lil Billy Thunderfist,"So I went against my own rule and bought an Alpha Early Access game on Steam. Divinity: Original Sin. I’ve had my eye on it for a long time, and they released a collector’s edition that comes with 2 copies of the game and both it’s predecessors, plus free launch DLC. So I caved. After playing the game, I definitely see why its still in early access and why save games won’t be carrying over to final release but holy hell is it fun. Its a very diablo-esque dungeon crawler but the combat is turn based, rather than real time and a lot of the different skills play off eachother. For example, I can cast a rain storm over the battlefield which puts out any fires and eliminates the burning status effect. Then my wife casts a chain lightning and it does increased damage to every enemy it hits because they’re in the rain. The combinations are all over the place: oil+fire, water+lightning, theres a bunch. I definitely recommend at least looking into it, if this piques your interest."
,Recommended,230230,10475064,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Scot,Seems to run great on Macbook pro. already hooked
76561197973652033,Recommended,230230,10512943,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,booga10,"It's not often that i buy a full price beta but something drew me to this game and so glad i did. It's brilliant, old school in all the right places with plenty of original ideas to make it work. The story is great and missions require thought and hard  work (and a little luck), it isnt easy and dont expect to be spoon fed like so many games do now. Cant wait for full version (my god an aplpha thats gonna make full release!)"
,Recommended,230230,10712302,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Winzzy,"Divinity: Origional Sin is a game that captures much of the feel and look of the old infinity engine bioware games.The game, despite its corny name, gives you; tons to do, massive amounts of customization, non-linear quests and story line, TURN BASED COMBAT!!! WOOT!, and is very fun.  Spells and magic arrows can combo to be even more effective.THe only real complants I have are that you can't change your body build (males always look bulky etc..) and they went with 2d charactor portraits so your portrait wont represent your charactor sometimes...All in all the game is awesome!  It is fun and very deep and a worthy reentry into a long abandoned genre.  I highly recommend it if you enjoyed the old style of Western  RPGS from the late 90s."
,Recommended,230230,8911359,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Pontuzz,"Even with the game being in alpha, some features lacking explanation, some content not yet included amongst other things this game is worth it's weight in gold. I am having so much fun with this I find it hard to explain. The solo gameplay is good and the CO-OP is a lot of fun when you get some synergy going with you'r bud.If anyone is looking for their next RPG, look no further. Tis' the game for you"
,Recommended,230230,11096394,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dexter Kavinsky,One word. Addictive.
,Recommended,230230,10639482,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tuskan,"I really reccomend this game for you old timers, like myself, that have been playing these kind of RPG's since the mid 90s.  Really is nostalgic.  Like the first time I ever played Baldur's Gate.  Combat is good, what story I have experienced, I found myself actually reading the dialogs and getting into it.  Very happy I got the Early Access of this."
76561197977046061,Recommended,230230,11249708,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Braljoh,This game is frakking awesome!  Total old school style RPG greatness with newer innovations thrown in as well.
,Recommended,230230,11307647,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,"It's Paul, hey",Really great game.
,Recommended,230230,11396653,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,FeWolf,Classic RPG :) there are a few problems with text but all in all a great title :)
76561198042010734,Recommended,230230,11444675,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Feda,"Hey, this game is really fly."
76561197985764990,Recommended,230230,11420501,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Deist,This game is AWESOME!    Finally.... A game company captured what an RPG is supposed to be.
,Recommended,230230,11177289,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,wormroom,"If you liked old timey RPGs with dialogue trees and turn-based combat, this is a game that you will enjoy.There isn't really that much else to say about this game. It's good and playing it will make you happy.Fun factor: 10/10"
76561198041601103,Recommended,230230,10965548,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lanceman,"This game requires a bit of patience, however a very in depth awesome RPG."
76561197986628686,Recommended,230230,11062096,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,tower74,I found a legandary sword in a pile of troll crap.
,Recommended,230230,11103444,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Karl Fuckin' Franz,"Divinity: Original Sin is the greatest party based RPG to come out in years. It is a game that doesn't hold your hand; you can skip through dialogue with NPCs for quests but you won't get a quest marker, just a note in your log. You don't start off with crafting recipes, you have to read short entries in books to learn how to craft an item, and even then you won't see the recipe pop up in some sort of universal crafting list that counts your materials for you.It's a game that often time requires you to think if you want to progress in a quest. Many times I have advanced a quest simply by inserting myself in the situation - If I were in this world, what would I do next?You are challenged with harrowing bouts of turn based combat in which 4 characters you control ( 2 entirely player created, the others are companions ) and where every move you make is important, and every spell you cast, puddle of water you electrify or spill of oil you light aflame can turn the tide of a battle in your favor. The game has a fantastic system of being able to interact with the environment and create hazards to your advantage.The game is entirely cooperative, and the dialogue has a revolutionary system where coop players or your companions can challenge your word and you have to either reason, charm, or intimidate them into your way of thinking through a simple game of rocks, papers scissors. Should you fail this mini game, it would be like losing the argument and being swayed to your companion or friend's idea, and you have to do something entirely different. It's incredibly interesting and mimics the real word, where sometimes things don't go as exactly planned or you don't always get your way.The game has depth. There's so much to sink your teeth into, and you can easily put in over 60+ hours if you want to complete each side quest while taking your time. The world is so rich that I find myself speaking to every single named NPC just to get their take on the land, hoping they may have a story to tell that may better my understanding for a quest, or have a new quest to give.Oh - and the speaking. The voice acting is absolutely fantastic. The lines are somewhat sparse as dialogue with NPCs is mostly text based, but when you hear characters speak, they're well voiced with enthusiasm and a wide array of voice actors.It's a game that every gamer who appreciates an RPG should experience. You owe it to yourself. If you're thinking about buying it, do it."
76561197966679321,Recommended,230230,10612254,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mikoi,"First time playing the Divinity series and I know this is a far stretch from what the originals were BUT if you're an RPG fan and don't mind turn based combat (which works VERY well in this game). Then this is a must have.I've only clocked a few hours so far but the game is excellent, have only encounted one minor bug, that has to do with letters occasionally missing from the text. There's a lot of reading (on par with say Planescape torment or BG1 or 2) and just about everyone seems to have something to say. EVEN the animals (skill permitting)Highly recommend!"
76561198030787073,Recommended,230230,11306202,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Keveras,One of the best Co-op games I've ever played! Some of the greatest adventures I've had since Baldur's Gate.
76561198027679180,Recommended,230230,11265097,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Adramelech,"Oh to finally have a game that harkens back to the days of Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, and even Tactics Ogre, with a little bit of Diablo thrown in for fun. This game has been an absolute RIOT so far and I only look forward to losing many more days worth of my life in this immersive world! CRPG fans everywhere need to give this game an honest shot. It felt a little simple at first and that put me off to it initially, but it is anything but, and it's a barrel of fun."
,Recommended,230230,11076559,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,monkeymanfx,"Old school RPG fun a mix of wizardry, ultima and baldurs gate. 8 hours in and having a blast."
76561197980286397,Recommended,230230,11106475,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Thomas De Raines,FANTASTIC rpg game lots of replayability and takes some serius time and effort to even complete on your first time through.if your looking for a game thats a walk in the park this is not the game for you! if you want something that will challenge you than this is what you need.i would say this is the best game of this year and i nearly didnt buy it because i had not heard of it. i just bought it because there was nothing else i wanted and by god am i glad i did.i cannot big this game up enough.!!!why are you reading this go buy it!!!!!
76561198041731664,Recommended,230230,11511786,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,BunniesRFluffy,"Step 1: Have FriendsStep 2: Be a elementalist mageStep 3: Troll your friends by freezing, burning, poisoning, or shock themStep 4: Get knocked down by your friendsStep 5: Get stabbed by their small and big swordsStep 6: Die in pure blissStep 7: Reload10/10"
76561197974290522,Recommended,230230,11216982,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,king cow,"Best game I have played in a long while. Alot of fun to be had although a few sections/puzzles might lead to a little head scratching. There is not much hand holding but I found the challenge welcome and never very frustrating.You can easily wonder into an area of the game which will be very hard (run away or quick load is always possible).Many problems and fights have multiple solutions you can infact min max and smash through the game or you can find the most amusing solutions. Buckets can go onto your head as a helmet but it will also reduce your vision. Steal a candle and chuck it into oil and it will set it alight along with the monsters. Make vodka for a pub before fighting and a very hard battle becomes a cake walk. Cast a bleeding spell then freeze your opponents blood on the ground and hope they slip on it! Convince the guard to let you in or lock pick the door, steal his key, kill him and take the key, bash the door open with your weapon or just ignore the door you probably never need to open it.It brings back memories of playing games such as Baldur's Gate and Planescape T, maybe most importantly Ultima 7.I was really unsure another game like the above would be made so I'm very happy with this purchase and we may not get another one for a very long time.The ending was a bit of a let down for me as it felt slightly rushed, hoping for expansion."
76561198045211555,Recommended,230230,11413147,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Shcotty,Incredible!
,Recommended,230230,11182644,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,PsyX,This is the spiritual son of Baldur's Gate. The RPG we were waiting for more than 10 years.
76561197970411998,Recommended,230230,11571811,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Oli Dude,"AWESOME!Pure beauty in world and chracter'sFantastic story tellingPropper old school adventure - you need to look for things not follow an arrow!--If you like Dragon Age series,Baldurs Gate Series with X-Com style combat you will love this. I watched videos of combat on you tube and it looked slow dull and boring.Friend at work described it as X-Com (which I loved) - so took the plunge - very glad I did cannot recomend this game enough."
76561197992842924,Recommended,230230,10977024,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[Pax] Goose,"Fun game, love the turn based combat.  We need more big budget games like this!"
76561198009667349,Recommended,230230,11543316,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ghini,"So after reading and watching all the review videos I decided to give this a shoot even at full price. So reviews claimed this was the best RPG of all time. After the first 5 hours I didn't agree, after the next 5 I started to think maybe, after 25... I agree this is the best I've ever played. So many things are so well done and for me this easily passed BG1&2 and TOEE w/mods."
76561198052264161,Recommended,230230,11061765,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Spicycheese,I really like the game. I've spent most of my time just exploring cities and seeing how the world interacts with me. Of course also being like Sherlock Holmes and looking through graves to find evidence is fun too :D great game so far.
76561198009754710,Recommended,230230,11222083,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Victarion Greyjoy,This game is awsome! Yet at the same time this games frustrating as all heck. This games is the baldur's gate DnD style game you have been waiting for. The bad part is you'll have to deal with a lot of crashs because this game is crashing to desktop every few hours for no reason at all.  If you buy and lets be real. Your gonna buy it. Save often is the best i can tell you.
,Recommended,230230,11119114,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Fusifu,"Amazing game - reminds me of the good ol' days of Baldur's Gate, but instead of real-time combat, you get a tactical turn based experience with heavy environmental elements. So many features in one little package!"
,Recommended,230230,11062205,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Achilles,Simply Amazing.
76561198007101935,Recommended,230230,14002642,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Atrum,"Overall a very good RPG style game, a little slow to load at times, but definitely worth a play through."
76561198103023783,Recommended,230230,18587486,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,LittleBean,"Alot of brilliant reviews regarind the mechanics and gameplay , therefore i shall only say this.Moved unto ice , slipped and fell , got up moved a bit and the same thing happened. Luckily i did not fall for this the third time and used one of my abilities that allowed me to switch locations with a friend , his problem now :DBrilliant game if you have a buddy to play with , else you can find one online however recommened that when you buy this game (and here i insist that you should), come prepared with a real life friend.Worth buying , epecially during a sale 10/10."
,Recommended,230230,11191877,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"I am giving this game a thumbs up with a few caveats.  It is almost the gold standard for RPG of this kind.  It is well worth the money, I got 87 hours out of it and I didn't even complete everything.  It is a lot of fun and is a dynamic world.  For example in most games where you see backdrops of crates you can't interact with, in this game you can.  You can move them or set them on fire.  A door locked and can't find the key?  Bash or burn it down if you like.Anyway,  I would strongly reccomend that you wait at least 3 months after this game is released to buy it for the following reasons.  By this time I sure hope there are good walk-though guides available.The quests in this game are very old-school.  They do not give you a lot of hints and there in no guidance in the least.  Some of them may require that you find hidden switches and hit them in the right order.  You will not know how many hidden switches there are.  You might find three of them and try all combos and nothing happens.  Well you need to find the 4th switch and try again... maybe find the 5th one?One quest requires you to find a hidden object, this is a main quest so you have to do it.  This object is ""somewhere"" in a large forest.  You need a perception of like 12 to ""see"" it.  Stats are very precious and you generally are not going to be able to pump perception as other stats are FAR more important.   The only way I solved it was by finding a screen shot of the locaiton, then moving my character there, putting on all +perception gear I could find, and THEN drank a super preception potion and FINALLY I could ""see"" this huge mound of dirt that had the item I needed.It is stuff like this that pisses me off and really takes away from this game.  I would really like to know if people find stuff like this naturally without guides.  Other than stuff like that, this is a great game."
,Recommended,230230,11046113,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lifting,I have made an early impression/review for Divinity Original Sin. Check it out if you are still debating if you should buy it or not.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbUFi1zE0O4&list=UU8tUILPcQ2y58pbumazRayABest regardsLNB
76561198019761380,Recommended,230230,11355386,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,zephyre,"I can't say enough good things about Divinity: Original Sin. The story is compelling, the content well-made, the sheer volume of possible spells, abilities, and items is immense without being superfluous, not to mention you can share the entire experience with a friend. Do yourself a favor and buy this game!"
76561198036028306,Recommended,230230,10549875,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Patskiski,"A very good game where while in combat i felt like it was a 2 player D&D game, the amount of freedom is imense and the combats while turn by turn are very fun. A must buy for RPG fans and A great COOP game."
,Recommended,230230,12011604,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Armblessed,"Great RPG in the spirit of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights. The magic system is simple to understand initially but the implementation of it is much more complex in game. Many strategic options and a big wow factor for animation graphics to support it. The graphics all in all are pretty stunning too. Character system, much like Fallout 3, allows you to make completely custom skilled characters with ""perks"" based on skill level. The crafting actually has a much more involved application in game play than most RPGs. The recipes, like the magic system, is initially easy to pick up but the implementation is complex. Engaging. Deep. Rich graphics. Dynamic spell system. All in all, probably one of the most enjoyable RPG's I've played.However, this is not an RPG to hold your hand. e.g. Books  and texts you come across aren't fluff for you to just store away in a container so don't expect a detailed quest log to refer to that will effortlessly point you in the right direction; Keys are not group carried so mind who your inventory; vendors are limited but you can trade with everyone (like Fallout 3); Retreating is an option that is necessary in many cases so don't think that your super powerful party won't have to make like hockey players to get the puck out of there. Casual gamers may have a harder time staying focused with  this game."
,Recommended,230230,18353010,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Xesh,I played it. It was good.
,Recommended,230230,10616212,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Victor Saltzpyre,An absolutely amazing and epic games! I may be a little biased since Larian tweeted me and my friends live stream!
76561198037601734,Recommended,230230,11368307,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BAiT0151,"I make a decision when talking to an npc, and then the female in my party screams and berates me until I'm forced to do what she wants.  Is this an rpg or a dating sim?"
,Recommended,230230,11301897,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,SpoonSauce,"Sweet sugary jesus!  It's like I'm playing Baldur's Gate again, but not quite as good.  But still really good!"
,Recommended,230230,11078936,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,camelotcrusade,"This review is for co-op mode.  Divinity: Original sin is a dream come true for fans of RPGs and Tactical Combat games.  All of the key elements are there: interesting tactical choices, good character building, lots of party synergy and tactics, challenging fights and a decent RPG/fantasy backdrop (complete with good music, environment, characters, the works).I especially like the elemental interplay, allowing you to do things like set an enemy on fire, coat him in acid - which then ignites again - creating a poision cloud, which poisons him, but if he's still burning, it explodes... bwa ha ha.  Truly you can devise fiendish ways for your foes to perish.  They can also be used against you, so be wary.Co-op mode also has an entertaining way of letting you make choices, pitting you against each other in a game of paper-rock-scissors when you disagree.   Over all it's an excellent way to get some fun RPG action with a friend or spouse."
,Recommended,230230,11102449,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,mrrockitt,"Awesome game!Bit like a significantly updated Baldurs Gate as it shares some of it's traits such as the turn-based combat and choice-driven dialogue.Wonderful graphics and sound, great controls.Certianly not a ""hack'n'slash"" game, it's about exploring and making choices. Combat certainly features quite heavily and when it does the turn-based combat works really well.This game and it's developer are great adverts for crowd-funding!"
76561198012591117,Recommended,230230,11077339,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Doktor Nik,"Allows me to Alt +F4 Out of the game. There wasn't 3 pop-ups asking me if I was sure, and if i'm sure i'm sure. Just let me go.10/10 Would recommend again."
,Recommended,230230,9938324,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Malthox,"Really good Co-op RPG/TBS, I like that the developers are regularly releasing updates containing fixes, new content, etc. (as to be expected, since its still not the full release). The freedom that the game gives you on how to play it and the possibilities are awesome. Also the community is helpfull and better than in some other games. The overall Graphics are still improving, but are already to my liking. Also it is known that at some point there will be modding tools released, so I'm looking forward to this point as well."
76561198040533519,Recommended,230230,11124941,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,OrJaZM,awesometastic
76561198031862472,Recommended,230230,11523542,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,God Emperor Ser Kaeyn,"Divinity: Original Sin is a refreshing reminder of the glory days of Infinity Engine RPGs, without all the problems that came forth. It might seem like a nostalgia trip, but it is actually a great game in and of itself, with complex and challenging combat, an in-depth crafting system, and plenty of character customization and dialogue to keep the most hardcore RPG players intrigued. There are also plenty of puzzles, many of which require some deep thinking, and some that are easy, and some that are well... a bit vague to say the least. That is actually one of the few problems that I have with this game, are the puzzles. I'm not the most patient person to begin with, but after Googling the answers to some of the puzzles I ask myself, how was I supposed to know that? And some of the puzzles are just searching for tiny♥♥♥♥♥buttons that you need perception to find or something. Another fault I have in the game were the bugs. My playthrough had quite a few bugs that some would consider game-breaking, but I found a way around them and I did end up completing the game. Those are just a few faults, but there are more than enough positives to make up for it. Overall, a 9/10."
,Recommended,230230,11426332,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ZeroGravitySE,"Best PC RPG in a very, very, very, very long time. Neverwinter Nights was a long standing favorite of mine for a good amount of time, but this one has finally top that game. Now to be impressed with the amount of content people can make with this games amazing engine."
,Recommended,230230,10663080,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mooj,"I'm just going to repost Keno the Rat's review, because you know what? It's a thing, and that thing is right:""Have you ever asked yourself, ""Man, why doesn't someone make a cooperative fantasy RPG with all the nifty RPG-ism's that I love, like skills and talents and crafting and that I can play at my own pace with my friend and we can decide how we complete quests and treat people in the world and if we disagree then there was a mechanic in place that supported that and NPC characters we could hire and have join our adventures and instead of mindlessly blasting through hundreds of monsters like every other action RPG out there, we could fight in some nail-biting tactical, turn-based combat with spells and abilities that would affect the environment and turn the tide of the battle and the whole thing is wrapped up in a fantastic looking package with great looking characters and animations and some genuinely good and at times humorous writing?""Guess what? It's your lucky day.""-Keno the Rat"
,Recommended,230230,11568053,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tim,"To put it briefly:If you like Baldur's Gate or PlaneScape:Torment or the XCom series and games like them, then you'll probably like this game.If you're expecting Diablo, then don't get Divinity: Original Sin.This game does not have quest markers, doesn't have highlights of where to go and what to say, and it won't give you an obvious crafting system.You can play it like a mindless killing machine and pretend it's Diablo, but then you'll be missing what I think are the best parts.To craft, you find books which give you ""recepies"". They will go to an easily accessible list, but it will be in the form of ""When trying to survive in the wild, I think a couple of branches are priceless. They can be made into a make-shift spear, staff or even a make-shift dagger.""You can also try to use common sense and discover crafting formulas on your own, if your character has enough crafting skill of course.Basically, the game expects you to read the lore, and to think for yourself when trying to both survive combat and solve the various puzzles.Regarding the difficulty levels of the game:I've put in hundreds of hours in all the XCom games, all Civilization games, all Fallout games, Baldur's Gate, PlaneScape:Torment, and I love those kinds of slow tactical and strategic games.I don't know if I just got lucky with my skill choices, or it was because of the games I've played, but I started on normal, and thought it wasn't that bad.Sure, at first I got killed several times until I started to understand how I should play the game... and after that point, it wasn't that hard anymore.The encounters don't normally scale with your level, but there are a few cases where I've seen them scale, but that might have been because I attacked friendlies for extra XP (whoops!).After some 30 hours of play, I joined a multiplayer session which was set to Hard, and I didn't notice it was on the Hard difficulty level.My point: If you like tactical games, you'll learn how to play the game. You can still go too far, too soon and be in a very tough situation... which you can still win by outsmarting your opponents..."
,Recommended,230230,11542792,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Pandemon1c,"This game is awesome. Bringing me back to my roots with memories of banging my head against the wall getting through Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 as a teen. Minor issues here or there do not detract from an overall amazing experience. The challenge is spot on and reading comprehension is a must, as well as strategic decision making. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,230230,11293107,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kuiterkal,Stole some ham and uncovered a murder mystery. 10/10 would play again.
76561198099264994,Recommended,230230,11104276,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,bdemers76,"A weekend's worth of gaming into this gem and all I can say is that this game has ""it"" in abundance. If you like RPGs and don't mind turn-based ones, you'll enjoy this one a lot.  The combat system reminds me of The Temple of Elemental Evil in some ways, which was (in my opinion) the best-ever interpretation of core D&D rules ever.  Having said that, the turn-based system is fluid and doesn't feel bogged down as some procedural combat games may be at times.The graphics are well done and the environment is interactive in unique ways.  I'm looking forward to what else can be done with this engine and this world. Well done, Devs.  People who enjoy RPGs: get this game and have some fun."
,Recommended,230230,11681474,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DUU GUU,"I won't go into some long summary of the game. Watch the videos and read the info to find out what the game is about.Pros:Depth - The game has a vast amount of creativity behind it, and you just feel like you're playing a very deep game the moment you start. The fact that your companions interact with each other is brilliant and adds a nice Role play element for those who want it, or a chance to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with a buddy's character for those that want to laugh. Each quest feels and plays differently than the next, and there are some quests in this game that just surprise you with how... different they are to the norm.Combat - While I'm not the biggest turn-based fan, I heavily enjoy the combat sequences of this. Everything looks and sounds dramatic, and the risk of death is high. Even if you're on easy, if you don't have the right class pairings, you'll get smoked and there's no coming back from the dead spare a ressurection scroll (they're pretty pricey too). Thus far I'm only level 7 or 8 but I have more than a toolbar of spells, and each spell has a unique spin to it (I'm a Wizard or something if it wasn't obvious) from the silly teleport which moves the enemy from their location to another location several feet in the air causing massive damage from falling (and to anyone you put them near - definitely a strategic spell if done right) to an AoE boulder which throws poison on the ground for added damage. Don't forget my Ice Elemental for a free tank that you don't have to worry about it dying. However, be wary of boss battles. They are HARDGeneral Gameplay - Combat is one thing, but how do you play the rest of the time? Well, you are given a lot of freedom with what you do. That barrel that you think is silly? Move it elsewhere, or shoot an ice ball at it. That door that is locked? Pickpocket the owner for the key, or shoot an ice ball at it. Some shop keeper has some nice plates on display? Turn into a barrel with sneak mode and steal them away, but don't shoot ice balls at them because shop keepers don't like their stuff getting ice balled. I have a lot of fun just running around a village because I can do whatever I want and the game isn't needlessly punishing for shooting ice balls at things. Just don't hit anyone and don't steal their stuff in front of them and you won't normally get the guards (who are very strong).Settings - While the raw graphics are subpar, the actual look of the game is colorful and fun. In the first few hours of the game I've gone from a ""placcid"" beach, to the first city of the game, to the woods north of the city, and then to a lava and zombie filled graveyard east of the city. Did I mention I'm still on the very first main quest and I'm only level 7? Unless the game ends off the first (and thus last) quest, you're in for a plethora of places to explore and a lot of game to be had for only 40 dollars.However that ends the positives - things this game does better than other games. What does it do that's standard?Graphics - as I said they're subpar. They're not bad by any means. They don't take you out of the game, they just aren't great. Villagers only show up when you're nearby, textures are mostly decent with some that are iffy and some that are downright awful (looking at you tree leaves) but you only notice bad textures normally when you're zoomed in more than default. So don't do that and you're fine I guess. There really isn't a Graphics configuration, just presets. Disappointing. But it's not a terribly ordeal and as I said the visuals are not hindered by the raw graphics. Everything is colorful and has life, so I leave this as not a con but not a pro.Voicing - There is a decent amount of voice work, but the game isn't anywhere near fully voiced. There's a lot of dialogue you get through, so it's to be expected. Regardless, there are MMOs now that are fully voiced, so it's not a good thing. However, I leave it out of the cons because the voices they do have are fun (I've gotten a laugh out of some of the things villagers say and how animals will have normal voice clips) and your characters will voice out a decent amount of lines for you. Adds to the feel of the game.Leads me to the cons of the game now.Loot - For a game where I'm constantly  going on about how big it is, there certainly is a lack of loot. And that rather surprises me. For a game where the point of it is to have two+ companions, you only ever get one or two things from even big bosses. You mostly only get basic equipment and potions from loot. There isn't a very high risk/reward for exploring caves when all I get is a staff I have to turn in for a quest (and the staff isn't even that good to start). Coming from Path of Exile, a free game, I'm more than a little disappointed by the lack of loot. However, take this with a grain of salt as I'm a loot ♥♥♥♥♥ and will go out of my way to get the best loot.Customization - The RPG elements are decent in that you can level up your character however you please. However, you are rather limited with how they look. Very few hair options, just as many face options, a dozen or so skin options, male and female human only (in a fantasy game with demons and undead and orcs in the first 10 minutes?) no facial hair options they only pair with faces (so the only way to get a beard is to use the specific face that has one), and that's about it for customization. It's just disappointing. I feel this part of the game was just an afterthought. ""Oh I guess we should have some choices for how their character looks."" Well it's one of the best parts of an RPG for me, and so I feel left out in the cold. Also, an annoying feature is how your avatar's picture is chosen, not reflective. That means you will not look like your avatar's picture. You can come close if you customize them the way it looks in the picture, but often times you want to branch out (as there's not a lot of choices for pictures) and thus you're left with a picture that is not very reflective of your actual character. Weird choice, I have to say.Multiplayer - When I have to mod in order to play the game the way I want to, and when that mod works perfectly with what I wanted, I again get that ""Gee I think this was an afterthought"" feel. What were the devs thinking with this multiplayer choice? Only two players? You can have four people with you, so why am I limited to two real humans with me? Don't worry, a mod fixes that for you. And the fact that it's so seamless makes me feel a bit annoyed. Why is it so easy for a mod to make the game playable with a group of friends? Why is it not like this to start? And then there's the fact that you can't bring your character(s) with you to adventure. You are stuck with the characters in the game that were there from the start. Yes, if I beat the game and then join my friend as he loads up the game for the first time, it will be unfair. But that should be our choice. What happens when I leave? How about make it so he has to have his two characters, but when I bring my character over it functions much like a mercenary (like Jahan) so when I bail, he isn't stuck with my character, or he isn't just left in the cold alone. Considering the fact that FourPlay (four player mod) makes it so there's a possible six players, and the game does not in the slightest break because of it, I think something could have been worked out.All in all, I love this game. I will continue putting time in it as the pros are all very important features that make or break a game. The cons, while they're important, are not life and death. The game is $40 well spent, and I simply write all of this crap out to vent out what I want for the game in the future, whether it's in this game or in other games. Mods fix one of my cons for the most part (even if I can't bring over my own characters to another's game) so this game is definitely a must-buy. I hope it leads to more."
76561198035915202,Recommended,230230,11526148,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Blackjack010,"First of all, I loved Divine Divinity and I waited long for its spiritual sequel and if anybody who reads this felt the same -Divinity Original SinIS this sequel.With a playtime of almost 20 hours, i didn't even get to the second map, I mean this game is HUGE! The combat is turn-based, everything else is real-time with a transition between combat and exploring.In all points, it is a upgrade to its predecessor:+ a extensive crafting system+ beautiful landscapes (although the texture quality could be better)+ humor (a underestimated quality in games)+ completely unrestricted skillsystem (a rogue attacking with close-combat mageskills, totally possible!)+ many objects are destructable, movable AND you can ""borrow"" them. :)+ the elemental system! (cover enemies in oil and light them on fire, then make it rain and freeze them. Only one example.)+ Well, I'm done here, play the game, find a few points for yourself, be surprised.There is only one downside, most of the dialogs are not voiced, so there's a lot to read. (In case you want to follow the story)Other negative points, as descripted in the ""negative reviews"" section, are also partially true, but in my opinion these are minor setbacks for an otherwise great game.10/10 would play again, oh wait, I'm not done yet."
,Recommended,230230,11066786,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dommega,Its been forever since I have played a true RPG
76561198039983776,Recommended,230230,11303758,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BringerOfTea,"Some like to pull off the likeness to baldurs gate, but ive spent an abundance of hours playing baldursgate, 1-2, throne of bhaal and find no noteworthy resembelance. Do not misunderstand I really enjoy this game, I'd say its a mix of neverwinternights, diablo and fallout. With the best of all of them. So if you've been looking for an RPG so sink your free time in, I'd list this as my amoungst my top 10 rpgs. Purchase!"
,Recommended,230230,11443350,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,God Emperor Trump,"My relationship with this game brings me back to Dragon Age: Origins. I'm not an old school PC RPG player, so I don't have any stories about Baldur's Gate or Planescape. Regardless, this is probably the best RPG to be released since Origins and has captured more of my time than I can scarcely begin to understand. The gameplay lends itself to thought and thankfully doesn't hold your hand with quest markers, flickering trails to the next objective or obvious build decisions. If you're not a veteran of the genre the game is going to sock you in the face over and over again, but it feels so good when you do finally learn to dodge the punch. Encounters, especially with bosses, seem unfair at the outset when they pit your 2 to 4 man group up against 5, 6 or 7+ enemies. A little element mixing and ingenuity can see two turns tilt a battle in your favor or bad positioning have you reloading in a heartbeat. You can use mages to deal massive AOE damage by combining elements such as fire and poison for huge explosions or catering to a melee character with massive magic buffs to create a massive wrecking ball. There's a certain level of sarcasm and wit peppered into the dialogue along with pop culture references that can bring a smile to the face without really overwhelming. Good music, nice looking areas--it's definitely worthy of all of the great reviews it's been getting. In a few weeks I'll probably have a 100+ hours into this and I'll still be coming back for more. There's even frickin' multiplayer, with rock-paper-scissor arguements that can come up between players on how to handle quest decisions. If you don't have a friend you can set your AI partner's behavior and experience two main characters disagreeing. It's fantastic. Oh, you can rob entire towns blind, too."
,Recommended,230230,11397156,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Tudy,Best RPG I've played in years.I thought nothing could beat Baldur's Gate or Fallout 2 - this game proves me wrong.
,Recommended,230230,11196200,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Abs0lution,The rpg ive been wanting to play for a very long while. the kind of game that makes you very happy that you own a pc
,Recommended,230230,11445225,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,katamariunderworld,"Back to basics RPG mixed with todays social interactivity. Words cannot describe all the fun quests, and great fights you will come across I suggest just getting it. 10/10"
76561197970831382,Recommended,230230,11166604,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Parappa,"Great game. Solid plot, enviroment combined with top notch combat system."
76561198026090297,Recommended,230230,11385209,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Flex Seal®,OMG this game. Soooooooo damn good. If you dont get this game kill yourself.
76561197960642462,Recommended,230230,11679385,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Malanir,"Best Co-operation RPG game ever, even solo its a great adventure, tons of possibilities, just a great game compared to all the big licences disappointments we experimented recently"
,Recommended,230230,10938505,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BuRnInICE,Really enjoying this coop with my partner. Loving returning to the feel of these sorts of games. Reminds me a little of Neverwinter Nights 1. Looks great. Dialogue is a little weak in areas but still quite good. I recommend this one.
76561198016880505,Recommended,230230,11353942,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Asimore,Without a doubt the best rpg I've played outside of pen and paper.
76561197980825394,Recommended,230230,11219256,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Malice,Worth!
,Recommended,230230,11047326,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,vinni,"A breath of fresh air for the currently very inactive cRPG genre, with a nice elemental twist to it's gameplay - definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,230230,11110517,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Zoolong,"I absolutely recommend this game. I've been looking for a good RPG for a long time now and this delivered, and more! Easily the best cooperative experience I'VE experienced in a while."
76561198082547581,Recommended,230230,11370544,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gabriel,"Hands down one of the best games I've played in years, easily the equivalent of Baldurs Gate and Diablo."
,Recommended,230230,11591913,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ushio,"Great story.Great world.Great combat system.Great game.I raged so much restarting the game a few times until I finally understood everything and everything turned out to be really easy.It may not be easy to get into for some people, but it's definitly worth it. Especially since the combat is really fun and, well, everything else too!"
,Recommended,230230,11569448,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Spaceman Sal,"Loved the game to start, reminded me of old school RPGs with a modern twist.But the more I play the more I love this game.  Each fight is different, and situational awareness is key.  The conversations are fun and not dry, the graphics are slick.  And it's a steam workshop game too for modders, as well as nexus."
,Recommended,230230,11573342,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arno,it is the game that i have been looking for.. rpg elements.. carfting.. classes.. spells..interactive environment.. and to top it off it has a campaign Co opMy rating goes like this+interactive environment+rpg elements and classic rpg+You can play Co op up to 4 players .... with( 4 play mod )+Hidden secrets and treasures+editor+a lot of fun exploring+Good dialog+Choices that will affect your characterThe bad sidethere ain't much but i will give an honest review...^_^-the game is a little bit hard (don't leave the city.. you got to be level 3 or 4..... cuz i don't want you to die ◕‿↼ )-some texture glitches like seening the other players as a standing mannequins ( you can fix it by rejoining the game)My final score is a 10\10so if you have friends to play with.. and\or like classic rpgs then..........what are you waiting for go and buy the gamesorry if there is some mistakes english is not my main languageand......have an awesome day my fellow gamers (ᵔᴥᵔ)
76561197967565965,Recommended,230230,11106844,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tim,This game is amazing.  If Diablo 3 and Skyrim had a baby and Magicka and Fallout 2 were their cousins.  You would have this game.  Top notch almost 20 hours in and still in the first area.  Great game!
,Recommended,230230,11010066,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Funs,Cast poison cast fire make boom
,Recommended,230230,11437389,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Remeiko,This game is amazing! I love it! 10/10!
76561197968367761,Recommended,230230,11045670,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TonyC,"Love it!Proper ""old school"" rpg with up-to-date production values.Well supported. Very absorbing. Great combat and RPG system."
76561198013363895,Recommended,230230,11325444,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MoMoNTKDR,It's good.
,Recommended,230230,14275192,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Zar'roc,"""Amazing 12/10""-IGN 2025"
76561198039746673,Recommended,230230,15408912,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,See you Space Cowboy...,"A wonderful experience, and truly a labor of love. I recommend this game to anybody who is willing to put a bit of extra effort into their gaming experience- which will be necessary to get past the learning curve and severe lack of handholding. Still, while it may not be easy to jump into right away, if ever a game was worth the extra effort, then this is that game."
76561197966255486,Recommended,230230,9884634,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Soundless -d-.-b-,"Fun game, every update it gets better. It has a feel of Dugeon Siege I-II, but also has alot of modern features with story line progression and choices that to modify your story."
76561197981723709,Recommended,230230,10874651,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chimp,I spent several hours fannying around by decorating my bedroom with the corpse of a sheep that was important evidence in a murder investigation.10/10 would misappropriate evidence again
76561197978838773,Recommended,230230,10280634,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,thanoulas,"In the little time that I've put in this early access game, I can safely say that it's more stable and refined than most AAA titles in their 9423th patch.Massively deep game and simply put, the best RPG I've played in a while. Get it. Now."
76561198011518285,Recommended,230230,11610317,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Randy Butternubs,"A lot of people keep comparing this to Baldur's Gate, but it's more than that.  It has much of what was great about Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Icewind Dale, and Arcanum: of Steamworks and Magic Obscura... but with a lot of the gameplay and graphical advances you'd expect after 10+ years of time for the industry to advance.  There isn't much that's quite as satisfying as having two magic users using the environment and each others magic effects to boost damage...except maybe doing it with a friend via multiplayer.So far my main gripe is the sound.  The music can drone on and make you want to mute it, and god help you if you want to read anything while standing next to a group of NPCs whose dialogue will loop with only a few seconds of blessed silence between.The end result so far is a really good game.  I definitely recommend it, especially since you can always turn off sound."
,Recommended,230230,11629438,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ThunderBuddy,Great Game!
76561198027254509,Recommended,230230,10953792,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Beast Rabban,"If you liked Fallout 1/2 and Baldur's Gate, this is the game for you. Absolutely recommended, great world building so far, great combat mechanics, dialogue and generally everything. Admittedly I can't go into much more detail because I'm waiting for the full release."
76561198047029858,Recommended,230230,11219021,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SarahLuz,"I've never written a review before, but I like this game so much, I decided I would write my first one.  There are other much more thorough reviews out there, so I wont get into the nitty gritty details.  Sufice to say that It's been a very long time since I've played such a well thought out game, it's everything a tactical RPG should be.  Highly recommended."
76561198005821292,Recommended,230230,10769526,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,diablobtm,"This is honestly the best strategy rpg that I have played set in the fantasy realm since Final Fantasy Tactics.  The environmental effects are mind blowing, the art style lovely, and even the storytelling is pretty decent.  Nevertheless, it is the combat system at the end of the day that takes the cake, as the gameplay is like pen and paper virtualized.  Would I recommend this game, absolutely."
76561197999213297,Recommended,230230,9743662,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ground Zro,"Great game so far, I really love how you can use multiple elements to enhance your spells... But the game is still very earily in beta, so that said. Great game so far, just hope they keep it up!"
76561198049030260,Recommended,230230,11239901,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Faitas,"Very good game, very open and lots of fun when playing with a friend.Do whatever you want to do, whenever you want to do."
76561197992292401,Recommended,230230,16544256,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,madoc,"Great turn based RPG that was a kickstart sensation. Divinity has great music, graphics, and voice acting. I think the game starts off very strong and almost intimidatingly. A lot of fun if you have a friend to do co-op with.My biggest problem with the game is a lot of the casters end up having very similar spells, apart from being different elements.There is a TON of content in this game between side quests and main quests. You can constantly switch out your party members for new ones or even customize and create your own in the nexus.9/10."
76561198030119282,Recommended,230230,11488355,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Truffles,This game is great. i lik very much
76561198010142360,Recommended,230230,11245846,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Xzylvador,"This just might be the best RPG I've played in the past decade.It's been a very long while since any game could measure up to games like Baldur's Gate, Planescape, Fallout (not 3) or Arcanum and I was beginning to think those kind of games wouldn't ever be created again. But then D:OS came out and proved me wrong. It really deserves a spot among the best RPG's ever. (Unless you don't like games that don't take themselves too seriously. Larian always puts in a fairly large amount of sillyness, which is I personally like. But it might not be for everyone.)"
76561197965045143,Recommended,230230,11369696,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rasta,"Overall I have been very pleased with this game.  I played the original BG and NW series, Icewind Dale my favorite.  This game brings a lot of those rpg and turned-based 4-person squad elements with a fresh take on the open world / roaming environment that feels similar to playing the Ultima series for me. I'm not very far at the time of this post, maybe 15+ hours, and I've enjoyed every moment of it.The graphics are easy on the eye at ultra settings on a modest machine.  It defaulted to those on a AMD FX 6300 / Radeon 6800. UI is pretty standard as the come.  The only thing is the, rather important, button on the right which is how you teleport.  Wish that one was more evident... sadly responsible for 30 mins of my play time.The way you can split you party is very cool imo.  At one point one of my two main characters was about to die in combat on the next round (surrounded).  If both of your two main characters die you lose and load. (lots of f5/f8)  I fled with my other main character and one side character back to town and was able to regroup in real time while my other main character stayed in combat awiting their return.  I ran the other two back into the fight and was able to prevent his death.  While some may see this as a cheap way out or breaking game mechanics there is also the possibility that those returning character run into another mob and I would have two seperate battles to wage, or manage to merge them back into one.Your characters have conversations with the party that you control. Doesn't really have a place in the SP mode (although it does change stats in some cases) and you can turn it off in the options but in MP mode it comes into play as if you don't agree with the person your playing with you can argue and try to intimiate/charm/reason with them.  And finally a draw will bring rock-paper-scissors to decide it all.  Another new element that I am indifferent on but for the record have yet to play multi.Crafting is a nice addition.  You learn your recipes by book reading and from there it's a drag-and-drop process mostly.  However keeping all the ingredients can get messy in the inventory.Soudtrack is quite enjoyable and the audio is well done.  VOs are ok, but honestly very few make it immersive.  The main story is not bad so far but I've been bouncing all over the place with side quests and have much more to do.It's one of those ""what's over there?"" games that makes you hate the next day at work from lack of sleep.  I would give it a 9 or 10.  I bought it at $40, I'd do it again."
76561197988787464,Recommended,230230,14364353,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hematic,"Honestly this is the best game I have played in years. I can't recommend it enough. Must own for any RPG fan.After playing the game for over 30 hours, I was still surprised by what was possible. You pretty much figure out the mechanics of most games these days in a couple of hours. But DoS has the uncanny ability to surprise you over and over again."
,Recommended,230230,13332755,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zero Summ,"Probably one of the best co-op experiences I've ever played.Wonderful throwback to old-school dungeoncrawl RPGs.If you and a friend are bored, look into buying the Collectors edition, You get 2 copies of the game. If you split the cost it is cheaper than buying 2 standard copies.When a friend and I first started, we ended up wandering into areas we weren't high enough level for, and got stuck on a few quests. Some people will probably find this frustrating. However, I found it be pleasantly refreshing. Too many game now a days just hold your hand through the whole game. It really made us think critically, and overall made it a more engaging experience.Graphics are well done, mechanics are well thought out. Decent story-line (Not great, but not bad either.) Voice acting could be a bit ""cheesy"", but I find it to be part of the charm. Just a wonderful game.9/10And always remember: ""There is no one that has as many friends as the man with many cheeses."""
,Recommended,230230,14100445,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,RetrogradeTom,"This is a great effort by Larian worth any RPG fan's time.  I loved Baldur's Gate when it came out and haven't found anything that has captured its essence since quite like D:OS does.  Every system in place here is solid and ripe for improvement in future games.  Battle, crafting, skills, equipment, exploration, dialogue... all of these are fun and seem well thought out (though rock,paper,scissors for charisma/intimidate is just ok).  While there is quite a bit of freedom, players are still somewhat limited in where they can go based on level alone.  I accidentally went to the wrong area at one point, unaware why my %'s to hit were failing (it's level-based), and ended up at a large boss battle I couldn't win.  Luckily, the save & transportation systems made it easy to just go somewhere else.  I will say that the game got a bit repetitive for me once I found a combination of abilities that made all battles easy, but that didn't happen until 40 hours in, so I got my money's worth for sure.  I'm very much looking forward to what's coming next using this same game style."
76561198098417487,Recommended,230230,17460908,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Legionnaire,"9.5 out of 10. Fantastic Game. As an avid Divinity Fan since Divine Divinity, I was excited when I first found out that Larian was going to release another Divinity Game. I played all the Divinity Games from Divine Divinity to Dragon Commander. It is very deserving to be Game of the Year.  I enjoyed this game as much as I enjoyed Skyrim when it came out.Pros:Excellent Turn-Base Combat: Ability to use your enviroment against your enemy is very unheard of in most RPG and how each monster has a specific weakness to a specific type of damage whether it be magical or phyiscally. It's a blast to expierment on what does more damages to what specific group of monsters. And a battle could be in your enemies favor one time and next it's in your favor. Same applies to them.Longvity of a game: So many quests to do, I don't even think I completed all the quests in my 140 hours of playing this game.Excellent StoryHumorous: Especially when you meet Bellegar.Character Interaction, to actually be able to interact with every character and barter with each one actually made me feel like I was really in the world, but I expected nothing less as all the Divinity series aside from Dragon Commanderr had that.No Class Roles: You may have to pick a class to start out with but you don't need to follow the layout. I started out as a Wizard but decided to turn into a Battlemage.Replayablity: Replaying a different class after finishing the game adds so much more replay value.Co-Op: It's so fun to play with a friend, I played with my ex when we were still together and we had a blast playing.Exploration: So much to explore and I highly recommend you explore each and every place of this game you can find secrets, new quests and even legendary items.Music: One Word: Masterpiece Kirill Pokrovsky who is the composer of all the Divinity Music is a master at his art. The music is so blended perfectly with the game and it's atmosphere that it really adds a whole new layer of depth to the game. I could listen to this soundtrack so much and never get tired of it.Cons:The only con I can think of is I wish crafting was more in depth, and more recipes. Crafting seemed pretty non-existing to me while I played and I only used it to craft magic lock. Better armormaking and weaponsmithing would be nice.Still a fantastic game and has overtaken Divine Divinity and Dragon Knight as my favorite Divinity games.  Buy it and play it especially with a friend, the cooperation part really makes this game so much fun.Side Note: Those who complain about the difficulty of this game, sure it is difficult to begin with but it's really easy to get stronger and beat even the most diffiicult battles. With so many quests to do especially without leaving the main city you can easily get to the level you need to be to fight the mobs you see. I know it was hard for me but after some questing and gearing up, I was able to compete against the mobs and if that's not your cup of tea you can always turn the difficulty down. And make sure you grab two more companions in Cyseal before adventuring out, unless you're doing lone wolf build."
,Recommended,230230,11494793,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Fonikh $oupi@,One of the BEST RPG's I've played in a loooong time!!! If you're an old school RPG fan then this game is for you!!! 70+ hours of playing and I still haven't completed it! Pure awesomeness!!!!!
76561197975686948,Recommended,230230,11157270,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Zwiebelkopf,"Steal stuff and sell it back to the owner.Shoot your friend in the back.Talk with cats.I mean, what do you want more from a game?5/5"
76561198003801741,Recommended,230230,14765778,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,call_of_lunacy,best modern RPG hands down. really good to play with a friend.
,Recommended,230230,11118010,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(09/10) - Near PerfectionWell...The graphics are just spectacular, the battle system is aswesome, the lore is interesting, the quests are well designed, the classes/enemies are nicely diversified, the environmental effects are perfectly implemented, the characters are intriguing, all animations look absolutely brilliant, the bosses are supberbly awesome, the difficulty can be set so the game is really hard and requires a lot of planing and tactics, the ai is good, the dungeons and in general the different ambients look very beautiful, the game is even more fun in coop and the entire experience can last a very long time...Other than the camera, to which you have to accustom yourself first, there is literally nothing bad in this game.Heck, i even spend 10 hours trying to solve the first main quest and never got bored even tho i never fought anything and had absolutly no action. It´s just done so well, that even i can loose myself in these brilliant shemes they call quests.If all dialogs would have been voiced over, this would have been the first game on steam, which i would rank with a 10/10.Thus ""sadly"" it caps at a 9.5 for me and an absolute recommendation for everyone owning steam... which is free, so: for everyone!"
76561197999422011,Recommended,230230,11155732,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Volfox,Divinity Original Sin is a turnbased Coop rpg game with fun combat mechanics and intricate crafting and rpg systems. It takes the successful elements from games such as Baldurs Gate and beautifully merges it with a multiplayer experience. I've spent many hours on the game and I'm still excited about exploring new locations and fighting new enemies. The divinity engine also allows you to create new adventures which adds more to the replaybility value of the game and is also a fantastic tool for level designers. I highly recommend getting this game and playing with friends!
76561198101467461,Recommended,230230,22966223,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,blogythingsrock,"I have been a big fan of Larian studios since I stumbled upon the Dragon Commander series and was pleasantly surprised when Original Sin appeared on the Steam store. I love Original Sin. The game machanics are full of depth and well designed, most of my critques have been resolved with the Enhanced Edition, characters are memorable and flushed out, cities and villages actually feel populated and personally I love the tongue-in-cheek humor found in Larian's game. Big shout out to Larian Studios for a great RPG that pays tribute to games of old without being dated!"
,Recommended,230230,15466406,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BigPloppa,At it's core DOS is a great turn-based RPG that dispite its weird bugs and extremly frustrating inventory and crafting system still comes out way on top as a rewarding and rich game that you will be happy to waste countelss hours on.
76561198010925084,Recommended,230230,14477411,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Syte,"Short and sweet:I did not play the other Divinity titles, and I'm not one to play Dungeons and Dragons in real life, though I can understand the appeal. That being said Divinity: Original Sin (DOS) is hands down the best RPG I've played in recent years from a gameplay perspective. I'd recommend this game to anybody who enjoys the RPG genre, as it will not let you down. I've taken my first taste of a Divinity title and now all I want is more; with more multiplayer components and systems that support 4-player (or even 6-8 players) out of the box.The turn-based gameplay is absolutely perfect; the classes (that you can completely customize yourself) are diverse and fun to play, leaving a lot of replay value in the game although the campaign itself is massive enough alone. Graphically the game looks great and after a quick graphic-streaming fix in the game files it ran seamlessly at 144FPS 2560x1440 resolution.I'd heavily recommend a decent 4-player mod or 4-player edit as with 4 people the game is even more fun; though by itself it would still offer people a good experience. Even with the massive content rich evnironment myself and all those I know who love this game are left craving more; different campaigns from the communities and DLC from the developers bringing us new campaigns!"
,Recommended,230230,11418964,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Butt Poncho,This game is so good it makes my jellies jiggle
76561198024543270,Recommended,230230,11102474,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Club64,One of your selectable starting traits is talking to animals.
,Recommended,230230,14900085,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HackerMAN,"A great example of what a good RPG should be.I believe though, that RPG is too broad of a genre. At the beginning of the game I misunderstood the 'atmosphere' of Divinity. The gameplay somewhat reminded me of Torchlight, and so I was ready for a similar pace of enemy massacre, expecting to clear the first location in a couple of minutes.Oh, how far my guess was from reality... Playing on hard mode, this game truly becomes HARD. Each battle requires a good strategy and handful of luck. Moreover, you will end up looking for more enemies, and will have troubles finding them, as progressing through story is literally impossible, unless you use every available chance to become stronger.Once a good party is formed, and spells that suit your strategies are learned, battles become a little less suicidal. However, new puzzles appear, new mysteries reveal themselves throughout the story, keeping Divinity challenging and enjoyable till the very end."
,Recommended,230230,11523776,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Romeo Knight,"This game is really good, if you like CRPG(Baldur Gates, Icewind Dale, Divine Divinity and so on...) just go buy it! You will not be disappointed by Divinity: Original Sin."
,Recommended,230230,11224105,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Layton,It's good.Play it.
,Recommended,230230,11170080,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,rNineteen,If you like turn based RPGs this game is sick.
,Recommended,230230,10952708,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AvG,"If you enjoy RPG's with turn based combat this will be your game of the year. Comes with a very flexible creation tool kit after release for modding or creating your own beautiful campaigns, stories, and crazy stuff. Music is beautiful and the co-op works wonderful. This game is twice as good if you have a friend to play it with but you can set the AI to play the 2nd character if you wish. Take note there is not hand holding on quests you will need use smart thinking clear them.Did I mention you can pick up a skill to talk to animals?"
76561197970662602,Recommended,230230,11011829,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,(AEF)sSPIDAa,"Having the best time playing this game.Do what you like, and play how you feel.On top of the.  Drop in Coop. :)Get it now."
,Recommended,230230,9423991,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Raylenor,"My brother and I were searching for a great Co-op RPG game for a long time. It's turn-based combat (exponentially fun) is similar to Final Fantasy Tactics and can be punishing if you don't adequately prepare yourself for every battle. Even in early access this is a must have for any fan of hardcore roleplaying games. It includes both classic features (no respawn, set enemy level) and modern alike (save anywhere, online co-op, etc) Do yourself a favor and Get. This. Game."
76561197992337256,Recommended,230230,11513614,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,HoboSlayer,"So far from playing this game - Everything from the crisp detailed graphics to the brilliant musical score is excellent. 10/10.The ONLY thing that could of made this game perfect would have been if every character was voiced; as it stands the voices are acted out (excellently mind you) in various parts of the game however most of it you must read as text.And yes it is a turn based RPG but that doesnt take away from the fun mind you.The thing I like alot in this game is the sound track, very good.You can also kill anyone you want then deal with the consequences of your actions :)The game also doesn't hold your hand and easily guide you through the game, you need to explore and find out."
,Recommended,230230,11425650,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,C4,Really best RPG!
,Recommended,230230,10154960,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ComradeJ,"This is the kind of game you will sink untold hours into. Accessible, very fun, addicting, and everything you could want from old school CRPGs with modern sensibilities. Cannot recommend enough. A VERY DEFINITE MUST-BUY for any CRPG/ RPG fan."
,Recommended,230230,11055171,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Núðlan,Þessi leikur er brilliant
76561198060080836,Recommended,230230,10732588,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Slarg,"Love it needs some work, brings back some turn based game play that kinda died off and its an rpg wich im a fan of."
,Recommended,230230,11041034,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,spyfighter,"My first hour in the game has been a blast. A fun and unique game, it has a great feel and overall polish. Easy to pick up, fun blend of dota/might&magic/d&d - totally recommend. Can't wait to try multiplayer."
,Recommended,230230,11057802,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Zeppyhaha,"This. This is great. No predetermined classes, customise all your characters to your hearts delight. Quests do not handhold you by placing quest markers, you have to really read the dialogue and pay attention to everything. Morality is subjective and not just an obvious choice between black and white (mostly). And exploration. Exploration is everything in this game and if you do not explore, you will miss a hell of a lot of stuff.Combat is your 'traditional' action point based system (i.e. no modern game really uses it) and its compentent enough. But the effects are amazing. Elements will react with each other; fire and water turns to burning hot steam, explosive gas can get ignited etc. Feel the satisfaction of electrifying ten people who 'happen' to stand in water. :pAdmittedly this game isn't for people who like, maybe, the more streamlined combat and quests of Skyrim, where all the combat is real time and the quests mostly point you towards the next dungeon filled with loot and monsters. But then, this is supposed to be THE modern RPG that brings back all the stuff that we 'lost' in the time of Baldur's Gate.So. 9.5/10. I'll never give 10/10 because a 10/10 game will never exist. But consider this game close to it."
,Recommended,230230,11824082,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,indownbad,Easily the best game I've played of 2014. The combat requires alot of planning and skill. I feel very accomplished after every fight. Its super addictive. and the way spell effects and melee combat interact is like playing with a chemistry set. I've bought alot of games i was hyped for and been disappointed. this is not one of those.
,Recommended,230230,11440452,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hanicrumbs,"My second review, yay :D(P.S. Please ignore all of the grammar and spelling mistakes, I wrote this review when I was waay to tired)Anyways, I can defenatly recommend this game. At first I was skeptical, since I'm not one for Top-Down view games. Especially when there is turned based combat. But after the first few hours or so I just started loving this game, and I don't think I'm even a quarter through it.So like I said its a top-down view game, wher you can move your character either by holding the left mouse button and then draging it in the direction that you want to move in, or my simply clicking on anywhere in the area.The combat is turned baste, which at first was a ""meh"" thing for me since turned baste games are a ""meh"" kind of thing but after an hour or two it just became something that was there and I accepted it, so its defenatly not a negative aspect for me. I haven't really figured out what decides the order of when each character goes, but so far my characters were all ways the first ones (yay). Similar to other games with turne based combat, you have AP which decides what and how much you can do per turn. So if you need to move in order to dash at the enemy because a big rock is in the way, both of those things will cost AP. If you level as specific skill from your Characters, you will get more starting AP. And if you just simply do nothing and skip a characters turn, or you do something which doesnt require a lot of AP, the left over AP gets added to your next turn.Now at the beginning of the game you can go into a Tutorial Dungeon, where you will already get to learn quit a few of the games mechanics, LIKE LIGHTING TORCHES (I love little things like these). You can move boxes and barrels around to find a hidden key under neath that may unlock a chest or a door. You can use the environment to your advantage in combat. For example there are barrels that have poisen in them, you can move them into position so that when you enter combat all you need to do is shoot them with an arrow (or something equivallent) to make them explode. Now of course you could already explode the barrels even before you enter combat, to already deal damage to your enemies.You also have to look around real carefully for traps or hidden loot.But even outside of the Dungeons and inside the Towns you can do a lot of stuff. For example, you can brake into other people homes and steal their stuff, all though you have to be carefull because if you get cought there will be consequences.You can trade with pretty much anyone, and all most everyone will have something to sell to you, or you can sell anything to them. The trading in this game is pretty good to, you don't necessarily don't need to pay for the Items with Gold. If you have some spare equipment that you don't need, you can use that to pay for the Items. Making your useless crap into...something...more...usefull.....yea.Like someone ells have probably already said, you need to talk to different people in order to get your quests, so no exclamation marker above peoples heads to tell you where a quest is to be found. Which is actually pretty cool and something new. And for me it draws and immerses me more into the game.You are also able to use your abilities (like becoming invisible) in order to accomblish different things.When you create a new game you get to customise two characters, meaning you will have two main characters that you can switch between (and later you can also switch between other party memebers that you pick up). Again at first it was a ""meh"" thing for me but I have gotten used to it and I actually quit like it now since I can have a Mage and a Rouge. Though you can also teach both characters both things, so the starting class that you pick is just more of a specialisation rather then a locked in character class. When you are talking to a NPC and they give you a choice, you sometimes need to defend your choice from your parters choice by a simple game of rock-paper-scissors. And who ever wins, their choice will be take. So if you say ""Kill them all"" but your partner says ""Spare them all"" and you play the game of rock-paper-scissors and you win, that means that you and your partner will kill every person/enemy there. There are also stats that influence of how quickly and easaly you can win these little games.The writing/story of this game, for me, has ben pretty good so far. Though its best if you find that out yourself, or look at a few videos.I can't comment on the Co-Op part of this game yet, since I haven't played this game with a friend up until now, but I'm sure if you enjoy the single player like me then you will definitly love the co-op. Though I would recommend playing it with a friend that is also interested to hear the story, and not just goofing off killing every body (though in a second play through there is nothing standing in your way of doing that of course).So do I recomend this game, hell yes. At first I was skeptical about it, with the top down and turn based thing and all, but after a few hours I can definitly say that this game has become one of my favorit games. And the RPG element in this game is pretty awesome."
76561198136357760,Recommended,230230,15351876,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DrunkHen056,"14hrs in and this has sucked my soul in.Trapped in it, I can't breath. Could be the game or could be the lack of sleep. I am confused now.Help!"
76561197982494901,Recommended,230230,11396740,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,sundog1,"Its good but not as good as they are saying in reviews...the crafting is a massive ball-ache and undead that are immune to poison yet heal from living water magic are but two of my gripes, there are plenty more believe me...the fact that most enemies have about 3 times your action points  is also really frustrating...spiders in the desert area for example, so so rage inducing. But still its a good game, just don't believe the hype or you will be disappointed"
,Recommended,230230,11578504,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Tortoos,"Without going into too much detail, this game is awesome. Old School RPG rules with a very cool and flexible combat system. The story is a tad cliche which isn't unexpected for the genre, but if you enjoy turn based rpgs you'd be a fool to not give this a try. It is absolutely worth every penny."
76561198141581488,Recommended,230230,18069592,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,aloggie47,"Most realistic paper, scissors, rock experience I have ever had in game.Also you can have star pattern underwear.10/10"
76561198041297620,Recommended,230230,10715586,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skittrisk,"Stole a bunch of paintings out of a house, sold them back to the owner. No questions asked. 10/10"
,Recommended,230230,11554086,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Pandecoco,"You have 2 main characters that can bicker with each other.You solve disagreements by either killing each other... or playing rock/paper/scissors D:You can kill stuff by hurling dead animals at them.You actually have to pay attention to what NPCs say now since there aren't any quest markers.Animals give you tips.. but then you can show them how ungrateful you are by roasting them for XP.You get rewarded for exploring! Which I like doing in every game I play.What else?Eh, I've been wearing stolen smelly panties and a pumpkin head for the longest time now.Yep. I'm pretty sure that means this game deserves a 10/10."
76561198026020696,Recommended,230230,18008243,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,LovePenguin333,This is a really fun game!
,Recommended,230230,18271599,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheGamingScouser,one word AWWWWESSOMEEEthis game has almost everything in rpg epic story and amazing battle stylesturn your mage in a sword fighting summoner :Pwell worth the money and hours and hours of play
,Recommended,230230,18698955,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,crowstwo,Love it!
76561198025608448,Recommended,230230,14033384,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tomkatt,"Okay, Steam prompted me to review this. Unfortunately, I can't seem to stop playing Divinity: Original Sin long enough to actually write a proper review at the moment. I'm sorry. The review would take away time that I could be playing this fantastic game.5/5, amazing game, wholeheartedly recommend.End review, I've got to get back to playing it."
,Recommended,230230,18588827,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,stephen.tyler,Best in years
,Recommended,230230,16399059,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mk ultra,good tactical turn based RPG
76561198080789353,Recommended,230230,11522521,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,RANDY RANDERSON✌,"I would seriously recommend this game to anyone with the time to invest, and with a sense of creativity in problem solving. Like many people have said, this is fairly akin to Baldur's Gate, so be prepared to spend some time working out statistics and stuff (nothing too cumbersome).I'm constantly surprised by the amount of things that you're capable of doing and the way that the environment reacts to spells you cast, or when a shopkeeper notices you're stealing her crap and she tries to fight you (not an issue until the ominous horns are blown and the city watch comes down on you (you will die)). I love it, just don't have a whole lot of time to play it at the moment. 9/10 all things considered."
,Recommended,230230,11622073,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Maieath,"****ing fantastic. It was a loooong time since i played a game that good. Let me make it clear, current version feels slightly cut off, not finished, yet, it is finished more than 97% of the games on the market today! Theres few bugs, few exploits and so, but... Its hell of a fun to play. Especially with friend! So, go bring one and dive in."
,Recommended,230230,10687927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Radnen,"An intstant classic and a game made several years too late (where were you my whole life!?) Well, now it's finally going to release and I must say it's a very well made Ultima/Baulder's Gate styled game that will leave you doing random stuff for hours. Literally hours. I think that's the only bad quality of the game. You can play for eight hours straight and seemingly get nowhere. That was the charm of Ultima too, but in this case, for my life and where it is, I don't have the patience.The graphics are very good for the isometric portrayal of the game world, and the interactions with the environment are a welcome sight to see. Although the world feels alive, the people feel dull. Many of the villagers will not help you much with quests as they all say the same thing and do little in hinting you where to go next. That just adds to the hours spent meandering around doing nothing. While I love it when a game does not hold your hand it must try better at making you understand the world you are playing in. Otherwise I'd love to see more map markers for quests.Combat is highly rewarding. Finally we have a game where your tactical decisions mean a lot. I was expecting this from games like Dragon Age but that game never had the envronment as a tactic as much as this game does. Your characters matter, and a team of warriors will be ill prepared against magic while a team of rogues will die fast against a strong opponent. By using your partners to full effectiveness, it feels everyone has a place in the world.The loot and trading is awesome and makes the game feel very free and open. You can do anything you want. Lastly, the music and menu design is very well done. All things considered this is a really well built game, with deep lore to explore, allows you to do anything you want, and keeps you progressing as you play. But I will warn you: be prepared to sink a few hundred hours on your first playthrough (unaided) since a few quests can be a bit overmuch to explore.I'll also add, the first quests make it very slow to have multiple playthroughs of the game. If I were you I'd skip most of them just to get your playthroughs underway. Most of the stuff in the first town is talking and meandering and highly forgettable."
,Recommended,230230,11790705,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,KingArthur,"Fun old style turn based RPG. Some times a bit hard, but that is what makes it fun."
76561198067321598,Recommended,230230,11334353,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,stainlessfool,Can't stop playing...
,Recommended,230230,11333971,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,GhoX,"Expected BioWare, ended up on Black Isle.They don't make games like this these days. Not even Dragon Age: Origins managed to truly bring the spirit of traditional WRPG genre into today's technology.A complex system both in and outside combat, coupled with a compelling world and story that spared no compromise on every detail, has made this game THE very best traditional WRPG of the decade.I look forward to its sequal, and other entries who brave this returning genre. This game is an absolute must play for fans of traditional WRPG, and I highly recommend fans of regular WRPG and RTS games to give this game a try."
,Recommended,230230,17726166,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SpaceYeti,"Fantastically deep and challenging game in the style of Baldur's Gate and the great isometric RPGs of old. The puzzles are challenging, and unlike modern games, there's no hand holding to make them easier. The combat is rich and strategic. Most of all, the game changes based on the decisions you make with how you train your characters, how you approach quests, who's in your party, and more. The story is long and rich, meaning you'll easily get your money's worth on just the first playthrough; and because the game can be quite different each time you play, there's tons of replayability. Highly recommend this game to RPG fans."
76561197966572863,Recommended,230230,11064136,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,FireWire,"Do you long for the days of yore? The bygone era of endless rpg's that would immerse you and make you lose all track of time?Games that would let you decide the way to play, the way to react and the actual outcome of the game's story? The days that games that would let you get through those long, cold and wet winters when no child (friend or foe) could be found roaming the neighborhood? No need to dream about the past any longer:Divinity: Original Sin is an ode to those glory days, when RPG's could immerse and entice you so deeply that you would look up after 3 months of playing and ask yourself; How long have I been away from society? Do my friends still know my name? Are my parents still alive? And the most important question of all; Why haven't I finished this game yet?If anything of the above sounds familiar, pleasant or ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME;GO BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,230230,29568010,Posted: 29 January,all,Ishvii,"This game was excellent as a base game - it's now been improved with the enhanced version, play that!"
76561197982601816,Recommended,230230,11104109,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Magellan,"Wow!  I'm only about 9 hours in, but so far Original Sin is blowing me away!  For anybody that likes a true old-school RPG, you should love this as well.  It's heavily reminiscent of Ultima 7 (which in my opinion is one of the greatest games of all time) in the way you can interact with the environment, the open-ended nature, as well as the general look/feel of the game.  It's also somewhat reminiscent of Baldur's Gate, which is also good thing. The combat is really enjoyable turn-based, which is actually an improvement over U7's real-time or BG's real-time with pause.For a Kickstarted game, it looks and sounds gorgeous too.  I particulary love the way the environments look, although I admit some of the character art design isn't quite my cup of tea (the over-sized staves, greaves, semi-cartoonish look, etc.).  But that is a minor nit-pick on a really great game.  The game also has a generally humorous, not entirely serious nature, which is a bit of a breath of fresh air (I do enjoy more realistic, ""grimdark"" fantasy games, but let's face it, there are a lot of those out there nowadays).In a nutshell, anybody who enjoyed Baldur's Gate, Ultima, or any old-school RPGs, shouldn't hesitate to buy.  Anybody who enjoys newer RPGs (The Witcher, Elder Scrolls, etc.) should also enjoy it, as long as they're willing to try a game that is more challenging, and makes you figure some things out on your own.   OK, enough typing, time to get back into the game!"
76561197992646110,Recommended,230230,11214493,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Cpt. Sloth,It's like seeing breasts for the first time 10/10.
,Recommended,230230,17796027,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ragnaros,"Divinity: Original Sin (DoS) is an excellent rpg game. With stunning graphics, nearly endless choices, and lots of difficult, advanced battles, DoS is an epic rpg. NPC's show lots of personality, whether or not they repeat the same lines over and over. Dos allows you to interact with the environment. For example, if a wooden barricade is blocking your path, you can shoot fire at it, then make it rain to diffuse the fire to continue walking your original path. No game can be perfect, and DoS is no exception. Early progression can be difficult and long, and people that dislike turn based combat will likely dislike the combat sequences in the game. DoS is a top down, Open world Rpg Epic."
76561197969691192,Recommended,230230,11318288,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kao,scored a double kill with a roasted pig 10/10
,Recommended,230230,18317998,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Purana SSJ Blue,"Note: I only review when I finish the game.Divinity: Original Sin is one of the best games I ever played. The game is so vast, so much rich of content. A huge world where you can do so many things in many different ways, like crafting, blacksmithing, customize your skin, solve riddles, negotiate itens, make your build etc. etc. etc. The story is beautiful and well developed, it has so much to do with the things I like to read. The battle system is smart, but sometimes it prolongs, and there isn't so much action, it needs more reasoning. The game isn't perfect, it has its bugs, but the positive points makes me forget them. I feel like since Final Fantasy VII I don't fall in love this way for a game... 10/10."
,Recommended,230230,10579812,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Siri,"If you liked any other game from Larian..  you will love this one.In the tradition of the Divinity Series it has a fabulous humor,  a fantastic soundtrack and a fetching story.The fights are quite challenging, the KI is really intelligent: for example they loot their fallen comrades when they have a potion and use them, or destroy also elemental barrels, evade the 'traps' you have set or they take cover when there is no safe way to your party. Also the Deciding system is a great idea.. and the social boni, which grant you a lot of passive ability points.And at least.. it has cats!   Quests from Cats, a ""cat wedding"" and a cat-astic Sorcerer!  And a cat-bonus-song in the tavern!The only negative point is also the deciding system against the KI.   They use a quite simple algorythmic which is really easy to look through. There are ~3 ways how they use the rock-paper-sissors game.  For example: first they use Rock, than paper, scissors, rock, parper, scissors, ....       or  rock, paper, paper, rock, paper, ..    it could be that it was only coincidence.. (or my luck-skill!), but it was quite easy for me to win every contest.     I hope Larian make it more randomly.Graphics: 8/10Sound: 10/10Balance: 9/10 *Atmosphere: 9/10Leveldesign: 9/10RPG-Factor: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Difficulty: 7/10Crafting: 8/10Handling: 7/10Co-op: not testedLevel Editor: not testedTotal: 84/100* tested in Beta, but it was still totally playable and I found also only one Bug. And the balance between Magic, Melee and Ranged Combat is really good.And at least.. did I mention that there are cats with a brilliant personallity?"
76561198096363152,Recommended,230230,14938274,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ursarctos,Best RPG i've ever played. play with a friend for the best experience. absolute 10/10
76561198159113871,Recommended,230230,18671013,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Brunauld,"I love the combat and all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥ Few things to mention:Game is linear believ it or not. Yeah, nobody tells you what to do, but the enemies mark a specific pattern which is their level, if you are not leveled enough which most of the time, finds itself into a linear pattern, then you cannot go beyond the enemies of the same level than you, as they are incredible strong even if they are one level above you.Game is gore as hell, that's amazing.Lots of interesting spells and ways to manage them.The game gets absolutelly repetitive by the end, and the ending right now is horrible. Apparently the definitive edition will improve on many things, like voice acted dialogue and improved ending, improved spells. For PC owners of the original version, the update to the definitive edition will be for free."
,Recommended,230230,12453001,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tec,"Played it for 7-8 hours and it's like Baldurs Gate, but then the deluxe version. Its not fast paced (turn based combat never is), but time sure goes fast. You want to open every crate, box and basket. You talk to anybody who might have a clue and when you are too bold you probably gonna die. you start out with two characters and after a short time you are able to get a third. Talking with animals (if you have that capability is possible. It's just great fun and co-op? Oh my... this game is truely fun for two players who like the turn based gameplay. Baldurs gate fan? you want this!"
76561198035699589,Recommended,230230,10549884,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ChaosPatriarch,"I've loved watching this game grow from Alpha, to Beta, and cannot wait to see the final product in the next couple of weeks. Great classes, great gameplay, great to play with friends or solo."
76561198058467588,Recommended,230230,11588529,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,jonathan.friedman,"Amazing game, I was glued to my screen the first few days after I bought this game.Music: original, incredible, love the main theme.Graphics: A lot better than you would expect from an indie game, though it warmed up my GPU faster than I would have expected.Gameplay: Love the storyline, lots of sidequests, choices, free world, the only downside is everyonce in a while the entire progress of a quest hinges on you finding one button. Some quests had a very original way of solving them. I was stumped quite a few times, sometimes even hours on a puzzle, but when you solve them, it is extremely satisfactory. Using a walkthrough will reduce your enjoyment of this game a lot. As they hint themselves though: unless you are the most careful player in the world, save often.Bugs: Encountered 1 bug in my entire playthrough. It was annoying, but since the game has 10 autosaves standard(up to 25), it was pretty easy to just load one, which fixed the situation.Overall: Definitely in my top 10 list of Steam games I have ever played. If you are a D&D/pathfinder/.. player, you will love the open world, choices, consequences. 9/10"
76561198169141145,Recommended,230230,17787890,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,cheliux.aero,I adored this game I whish there would be more versions of this extraordinary game
,Recommended,230230,17828365,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Skitteh,"One of the greatest games I've ever played in my life.Spent most of this time casually playing with my Girlfriend because the COOP in this game is so good.The story is also really nice and we found ourselves drawn into it easily.Gameplay wise it's really unique, but make sure you wipe an area of enemies.You're going to need all the EXP you get...(I'M SERIOUS THIS GAME WAS SO HARD STARTING OUT WTF)"
,Recommended,230230,10278372,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,nemoJoe,"This is the most promising game I've played in a very, very long time. Love it so far!"
,Recommended,230230,15280475,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Poppy McCabe,"The best CRPG in years and will no doubt make the top lists of best CRPGs for years to come. This game is so detailed, rich, and deep that it feels like playing a pen-and-paper RPG at times. There's a learning curve and it's tempting to stall out early because you think you've run out of things to do, but that's because it doesn't hold your hand. I'm the type that often skips through dialogue to get to the combat, but this game's narrative is compelling and worth following. There aren't the ordinary NPC quest givers that tell you where to run and what to do. You have to follow the stories, tease out clues, and figure out on your own how to act next. The environments are highly interactive and can be used in many different ways - both tactically and strategically. The combat system is fun and challenging. Baldur's Gate meets XCOM?"
,Recommended,230230,11650922,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,CWolf,"Excellent RPG, especially for coop play. If you don't have it - do yourself a favour and get it! =D"
,Recommended,230230,11224465,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ArmaGetItOn,What Dragon Age should have been. Absolutely perfect throwback to the days of Baldur's Gate.
,Recommended,230230,11251081,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SeeWhy76,This is the most fun I've had playing a game in a long time. The turn based combat is awesome and the world is big and easy to get lost in. If you're a fan of table games there's a good chance you'll enjoy this. Great crafting system. Fantastic RPG.
76561197965503699,Recommended,230230,11215106,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,BigBrother,Highly recommended to anyone who enjoyed both the old Divinity games and turn-based games like Baldurs Gate..Only one downside... I can never seem to stop playing!!Addictive like **** I say! :D
,Recommended,230230,11538013,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Krocine,"Great game! Larian studios always puts in a lot of effort in their games and this is no exception. Great sense of humor, beautiful graphics, so open ended, customizable. It was worth the money"
76561197970632286,Recommended,230230,8787094,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,.:.Slowtrak.:.,"Graphics are stunning. Great immersive music score adds a  lot to the atmoshere. Crashes a bit here and there, but the game is payable even in this alpha stage. Combat is active and intuitive. Interactive conversations with NPCs needs work. Looks like a great game is developing here............."
,Recommended,230230,8790196,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Scully,"Looking really good, takes me back to the days of NWN 1 which I absolutely adore. Plenty of potential here but I'm going to now wait for future updates before carrying further with the story."
76561198044089706,Recommended,230230,8781948,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,skootnasty,"Finally a game that has a chance to carry the Baldur's Gate torch!  It is still Alpha testing, but Divinity has many qualities that made Baldur's Gate games great.  Only a few hours into the game you will realize that everything is interactive, including party members.  Dynamics between party members lean towards great re-playability.Again it is still very early in this game's development, but just being mentioned with Baldur's Gate at this point is very promising."
,Recommended,230230,8775303,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Trev Squishybutt,It reminds me of temple of elemental evil but with its own twist
76561197972186093,Recommended,230230,11675186,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Seraphiel,"Best old school RPG ive played in years, just buy it, convince a friend to do the same and enjoy 60+ hours of awesome:-D"
76561197970771190,Recommended,230230,11430358,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,*****,"IntroductionDivinity: Original Sin (commonly referred to as D:OS) follows the same style of play as the original Divinity Series, and also to, Divinity Eco Draconis or the Dragon Knight Saga.  D:OS is a role playing game that follows the rules of Dungeons and Dragons probably better than other games of a similar genre - wherein this game features turn based combat.  Explore freely, get attacked, and rather than being completely unprepared for it, you have the time to formulate your strategyThe GoodThere are very many fun aspects of the game, but the biggest ""success"" is the fact that you're given the freedom to be who you want to be.  If you want to be the most unsympathetic swine in the world - you can.  Want to kill random strangers?  Go right ahead!  Of course, you'll be hunted down for doing so, but at least the game gives you the choice to do it.The term ""LOL"" will apply many times when playing this game - of course assuming you have a funny bone.  I'm sure my neighbours heard me the first time I used the sneak ability.  The main story line is ""serious"", but I'd say a great many of the side quests have some kind of funny anecdote here and there.  These occasional lapses into ludicrity make the game really enjoyable to play.  You may even find yourself drawn into the game emotionally, feeling really sorry for the plight of the people that you are helping.The BadHaving played this game from it's release date, I've found that I've fell into a lot of pitfalls of this game, and I've had to play it 3 times through before being able to complete it.  I'm an achievement fanatic, and unless you play this game in a very specific way, you won't get 100% achievements, because some options just wont' be available.  To me, this is not a good thing, because it reduces some of my freedom.Another bad aspect of the game is the lack of quest markers - in fact, quest markers are, to my memory, used only twice within the game.  This is just simply not enough, considering the amount of times I've had to fumble about with the map to try to figure out where I'm supposed to go.I've spent more time Googling in this game than in any game I've ever played - because a lot of the quest objectives, or maps aren't obvious enough.  The dungeon tutorial also doesn't provide enough tutorial for you to really get to know the game well enough - like for examplenot telling you that you have the ability to heal yourself or any party member by lying on a bed and resting.ConclusionThanks to the concerted efforts of the developers to provide bugfixes so quickly after the game was released, I can happily say now that this game will now bring you a lot of hours of enjoyment, with a few hours of frustration.  The good news is that you don't have to stay frustrated for long - just use Google and then you'll find the clues that were nowhere else to be seen.  This game will annoy you - but as long as you persevere, you wil find that the overall experience will be more rewarding.Prepare yourself for many hours of fun."
76561198046752749,Recommended,230230,8886290,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Don't Get Eyebrows,This game Is baulders gate if baulders gate worked and was good. 32/32
,Recommended,230230,11297979,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Heirobruken,"Amazing. Baldurs gate + Ultima + Temple of Ememental Evil. A great throwback to RPGs, no hand holding, great difficulty, engaging combat."
,Recommended,230230,11308084,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Whexican,"If Balder Gate had a three way with Magicka and a modern graphics card; Divinity : Original Sin would be the miracle child produced from that magical gaming gang bang.The game redefines the fantasy RPG with fresh game mechanics for combat, environmental interaction, and character development.  I highly recommend if you enjoy RPG games that are awesome."
76561197966968831,Recommended,230230,11353587,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CorrealiaN,"What can I add about this game that hasn't been plastered all over the net already in more bigger words that this lousy scot can  only dream of knowing. Well ... just buy the game. that's it buy it and get stuck in and forget what hours used to feel like while you're sucked into a really gorgeous detailed looking game with lots to do.Battles have been fun throughout for me, so many ways to combat the enemy with the use of elements, pools of liquids that you can use to your advantage no matter what the pool contains. Use a character to pull some mobs while leaving the others free to get in close and whack a sorta epic mob before they come back. Very refreashing to be able to do things like that if a bit cheesy on my part. I swear I tried it once just to see if would work... honest.One thing I do have problems is they UI layout and wish it could be changed to just show your inventory in a resisable window so cleaning up your inventory was much easier without the endless scrolling if your holding a item to use with another.Buy the game, go on show the games industry this is the games we want more of! :)"
,Recommended,230230,11168784,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ivan Thunder,"I can do nothing but reccomend this game to others looking for a good RPG adventure that is like old classics such as Baldurs Gate and Icewind dales, but more up to date with enhanced capabilities.  While playing CO-OP with my friend (Which is aboslutely fantastic by the way), I usually get blown up, stunned, frozen, and all sorts of stuff as the tank for our little party due to combo fields that I wade right in without giving a care.  Poison clouds combined with a nice fireball?  Explosion.  Steam clouds combined with lightning?  Stun cage.  The amount of things you can do in combat is amazing, yet the game still keeps true to old RPG mechanics of puzzle solving and gear/skill management.If you want a game you can enjoy with a friend and both of you enjoy a good top down adventure like Diablo, buy this."
,Recommended,230230,11216683,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nark,"Best RPG in a long time. Barring a few points that I've encountered in the game, this is a very good experience all-round. While BioWare and Bethesda are making action games with RPG elements, leave it to Larian to make a worthy spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate 2 style of RPG."
76561198071482190,Recommended,230230,9763828,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,MountSkinny,"Have the game since the Alpha and it is just getting better and better. The game has a lot to offer for all sorts of RPG fans, and if your playing with a friend the great thing is you dont have to play the same game at all. One is talking to people and bartering while the other one is in some basement stealing everything he can find. Really good fun and the game just begs to be explored. Must play for RPG fans."
,Recommended,230230,11130368,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Capt Flopsy,"Had a shouting match with my other party member (so, myself) in front of two guards about whether or not to murder those same two guards. Eventually settled the argument with rock-paper-scissors, then killed the two guards.I freaking love this game."
,Recommended,230230,11109176,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,s0kar,Yes. Just Buy the game already.
76561197962391056,Recommended,230230,11103074,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,HardSide,"This is what an RPG should be, no hand holding, no quest markers, tons of ways to solve a problem, your actions really dictate what happens next. Great game, best RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,230230,11557143,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ravedge✔,If you like Turn based combat....this is the game for you!!! Beautifully done to the point where you don't want it to end!
,Recommended,230230,11805198,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Jonathan,"On a IGN scale this would be a 15/10.No really, if you like the ""oldschool"" rpg's, don't mind some reading, love developing your own characters how you want, tactical combat (with Action Points).  Story isn't bad but isn't amazing (though I'm not quite finished yet).  It's quite a long game with lots of exploration.  These are my favorite types of games so I am really glad they are making a comeback by means of Kickstarter, etc."
76561198036128870,Recommended,230230,11090826,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Klempo,"This is what games used to be like before they were forced to dumb themselves down for consoles and for people who could not stand having to read something in the game. This is what games used to be like before the control was taken from gamers, before direction markers started solving quests for you. This is what it was like before the games became linear and started holding your hand, telling you every step of the way what you should to and where you're supposed to go, even though there really wasn't any other choice.Larian, thank you for this game. Thank you for having the courage to go against the tide and make something really special. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who has ever wanted to play Baldur's Gate or Planescape Torment, but couldn't get over the dated graphics and interface. Play this game. Buy it. Don't even wait for the sale, buy it at full price to let the game developers know that we appreciate the effort and that there are still people out there who actually want to *play games*, not just participate in an interactive movie that gives you no choice whatsoever."
76561198044152769,Recommended,230230,11084704,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Cain,"the dark souls of turn based RPG , buy it."
,Recommended,230230,11069092,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Louize,"One of the best games I have ever played. No hand holding, tons of depth.  Makes you use your brain while playing.  Great story!20 hours in still haven't left the first town.  At this point I don't know if I ever will. I may just become the towns new blacksmith."
,Recommended,230230,11087655,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,CasualQueue,"For any D&D fan, this gamr is amazing. It's like playing the tabletop without all the damn hassle."
,Recommended,230230,11095388,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,soupappadarappa,Just over 9 hours into the game now and I can't remember the last time I've had this much fun playing an RPG. 9.8/10
76561197982729599,Recommended,230230,11089342,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,PocketParasite,Awesome! The best RPG I have played in years! Amazing!
,Recommended,230230,11059102,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Treefarmer,"This game has drawn me in like nothing else has in possibly a decade. It's easily the best thing I've played in a long time and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface. Be prepared to die, reload your save, and feel amazing satisfaction on getting it right the next time, taking what you learned from your previous failure.Graphically it's solid, story is full of depth and characterization, and the gameplay is addicting and strategic. Highly highly recommend."
76561197970639512,Recommended,230230,11229779,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Warlok,"Brilliant isometric rpg. Real-time adventure movement, turn-based tactical combat, cooperative two-player play, fully customizable character creation. Solid code, incredible world detail, good writing & dialogue."
76561198007278084,Recommended,230230,11233682,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,JHaynes,"Really (really!) enjoyable classic style RPG.Feels like the first true successor to Baldurs Gate, good character dialogue, nice amount of humour and those little touches that make you truly like a game:Giving a character the ability to speak to animals, and then sorting out the local town cats love lifesUsing the environment to win (and lose) fights - tip: dont fight lightning spells when all your characters are stood in water.....I keep finding little things like side quests, areas, npc dialogues that just make me want to keep playing.A very enjoyable game, well worth a look."
,Recommended,230230,11122205,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sound Blaster 16,This game has a boss named Pontius Pirate. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,230230,11176595,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,♥ Onii-chan ♥,Good
,Recommended,230230,11062110,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jav,"This game feels like exactly the sort of slow-burning RPG I've been missing the last few years over. Plenty of stats and classes and items to tinker around with, lots of flexibility and customization, and a really interesting world to play in. I haven't spent this much time just learning about the world (and consequently, how to mess it up) since the days I used to waste exploring Baldur's Gate. Really fun dynamic with the two-player main character feature, and the ability to run it online, co-op or jumping in and out of other people's games makes for a really cool, constantly changing experience.Play this game. Do it."
,Recommended,230230,11211907,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Dregaus,"Best RPG in a decade, IMO! So many ways to alter/impact your game, the strategy+cooperative play is really fun. Just be willing to sit and read some dialogue and enjoy the story as it unfolds, altered by your actions."
,Recommended,230230,11481479,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,mezee,I have had a blast playing this game. I have been waiting for a top down RPG that can stand next to titles like Baldur's Gate.Depth. Something that is rare these days.The coop experience is among the best if not THE best I have ever tried. See where your partner is aiming that spell. Travel wherever you want without your party. You and your buddy can even create your characters on the same screen. Watch him/her color his mohawk pink and adjust head types.Dont let turn based scare you away from this one (it almost did for me). The combat is enjoyable; I am still having fun with even the little fights.
,Recommended,230230,11225991,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Your Daddy,"There isn't much more to say about this other than it's a wholly captivating, intricate, and beautiful game.It is also incredibly difficult. Especially if you go into it with an MMO mindset. You have to experience a tiny little spell creating a maelstrom of fire and death, utterly obliterating a massive group of high level orcs, for the sake of the relatively under-whelming MMORPGs we have all played with and probably got used to.No more streamlining, no more BS. Games like this are the reason us geeks with our PCs can still enjoy a goddamn game.tl;dr Cow Simulator 2014 - 10/10"
76561197966372464,Recommended,230230,10988883,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Payne,"Early impressions from playing the BETA and on release day are very positive, has the potential to do more than ‘fill a gap’ in the RPG genre that’s been missing and be up there with some of my all-time favourite games.Beware though that this is role playing game with turn based combat, looking at stats, planning builds, reading text and patience will, while not mandatory, be a definite requisite to getting the most out of this game."
76561198073971327,Recommended,230230,11224749,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,jcm,"It's a fun old school crpg, but more than just a nostalgia romp.You can tell they spent a lot of time polishing the game, because so many little things are right. Automatically rotated quicksaves, roleplaying traits that have a mechanical effect - much more interesting than any karma or alignment system I've seen in a crpg, a pretty good crafting system, unused action points carrying to the next round, fun perks that let you chat with animals, easy and consistent equipment trading amongst party members, a very usable inventory screen, and a sense of humor that pervades the game.The game doesn't pull punches or provide safety rails, so expect to die a lot. And expect to throw away your first playthrough away once you realize you screwed up your build completely.There are a few things I'd change in the interface: change gold amounts in bartering to default to balance the current transaction rather than all gold, make single-file the default formation, and make party members more cautious when they auto-follow."
,Recommended,230230,11218487,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Scoob,"I have been in a gaming slump for about a year now and this is honestly the only game I'm actually excited to go home from work and play. I'm really loving the freedom and exploration of it, I love the style and the turn based combat. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys rpgs' or who is a fan of customization and exploration. 10/10 Would pick up chests to later unlock again"
,Recommended,230230,11088873,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mike,The best game made in the past 5 years. Enough said.
,Recommended,230230,11364825,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Capt. Bruce,"First game to capture my full attention in a long time.  If you have played and enjoyed the Baldur's Gate and IceWind Dale Series, you will get your money's worth with this game."
,Recommended,230230,14341434,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Battletoad,recommend
,Recommended,230230,10994079,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EyeBeat,This game is bad♥♥♥♥♥  I like it a lot.
76561197972020441,Recommended,230230,11376185,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ricky,"EDIT:Great single player RPG.  I'll recommend it after finding this hack to make it a 4 player game:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=280039791Even if it isn't as ""good"" as 2 players it seems restrictive to not make it an in-game option.I maintain my original criticism about the way most people review the game (they gloss over the multiplayer aspect) and how it is not advertised correctly in the steam store:/EDITHowever good this game may be (which seems to be the only way any of the sychophants who've reviewed / rated it online have played it):THIS GAME IS NOT MULTIPLAYER.  IT IS CO-OP ONLY.Steam mislead me into purchasing this game on the basis that it is clearly marked as multiplayer in the steam store.  I was hoping to play with my friends online, not just one of them at a time.  I wish I could get my money back as I'd prefer to wait until they release a true MULTIPLAYER version.  Fair warning that the Steam store cannot label games properly, even ones that are top sellers for weeks on end.In some sense both the developer and Steam are culpable as they're both trying to sell it with misleading advertising.Maybe I just need to spend more time scouring forums and critically analyzing product literature to identify when I'm being mislead.... sigh."
,Recommended,230230,11742643,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jericho,Girls in underwear bathing in blood of their fallen enemies and getting infinite hp regen from it
,Recommended,230230,11385304,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ecterim,"This game won't ever exist again. Maybe its not the best game ever made, and the CRPG style might be trying at times. However, its existence is a miracle and one that won't be repeated. Expect to see CRPGlikes flow in all directions in the indie scene from the wellspring of this game, but make no mistake, they will not compare. Every other revival of this genre from the current Kickstarter craze like Wasteland 2 and Project Eternity will lack the one thing this game brought to the table that is immutable, unobtainable, and pure. Those games will not inherit the true soul of the genre. Play this game, and feel free to never play a CRPG again."
,Recommended,230230,13492430,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tyler,This is by far among the most well put together and finely crafted RPG's I've ever played. I recommend everybody pick this game up at some point or another if you're in anyway interested in realms of fantasy and character creation.
,Recommended,230230,11670142,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,My team is fulla lesbians and I set things on fire a lot 10/10
76561197963066985,Recommended,230230,11169216,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,TheSpiceWeasel,You can throw smelly underwear at people.10/10
76561198009644743,Recommended,230230,11063519,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Aga Cat,"If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate (Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale) you will enjoy this game. Been a long time since a game like this was available. Love it."
76561197972623754,Recommended,230230,11932288,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Reincarnate,"What a game!  At times annoying, at times infuriating, at times frustrating.  But, ultimately, an amazingly well put together and thoroughly thought out game.  Anyone that likes RPGs of any kind, whether old or new, should get this game.Still on my first play through.  I do, however, invisage many many more as the wide variety of characters suggests hours of game play ahead...........and I can't wait!"
,Recommended,230230,11175822,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,looter,Best thing since Baldur's Gate
,Recommended,230230,11246846,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Tatio.au,"I'd like to start by saying, as a person who turns a blind eye to turned based combat games, this game is just spectacular & the implementation of turn based combat along with the rest of it truly makes this game worth playing, and a whole lot of fun. D:OS, is one of today's hand down best RPG games, it has the exploration value and fun, as such games like Skyrim, exploring is truly fun, and as well as that, important for character progression. There's no grinding in this game, XP is rare, which makes looking for monsters that bit more fun! Questing is very in depth, there's no exclamation, the game does not think for you, you do the thinking and choose how each quest is completed, remember EVERY action has a consequence. The elemental collaboration in this game is truly amazing, reminds me of magicka, and how elements are very valuable of how you use them. Finally the party system, you can have up to 4 people in your party, best to allocate each member to a specific role, as you would see in much RPGs, such as a tank, healer, DPS and so forth. Coop is also another high point of this game, you can jump into a friend game, playing their second designed character which I may add INTERACTIONS and actually chosen dialogue is given to both you & your friend for a fun immense RPG experience. This game is so addictive and fun, looking forward to seeing future mods and updates.TL:DR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥buy it, it is amazing 10/10 <3"
,Recommended,230230,11040892,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Hendrin,"Fantastic RPG with turn based combat.   Reminds me of the good old day of RPG's. Great graphics, story, editor. What more could you ask for from a roleplaying game, and all for only $40 bucks."
,Recommended,230230,13668738,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lowlight,"Of the many excellent RPGs of this type that I've played this year (See also: Wasteland 2 and Shadowrun: Dragonfall), this is by far the best and would have been my GOTY if not for Dark Souls 2. Incredible systems-based combat and extremely non-linear methods to complete quests. You can kill any NPC, destroy a door if you can't unlock it, etc. The developers tried to account for clever (or clumsy) players attempting to break the game and it seems there is always a work-around if you think hard enough. It is also possible to make incredibly overpowered heroes if you get a firm grasp on the mechanics and various exploits. Still, it's challenging, and I would remind new players that there is no shame is starting a game on Easy and ramping it up if necessary. Highly recommended!"
76561198017488538,Recommended,230230,11202962,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Xales,"Really a great game. Remember me baldur's gate, dragon age origins 1 and divinity (ost is awesome)I recommend to do the game as duo, it is really fun !"
,Recommended,230230,11653628,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,HiroZA,"TL;DR --> Superb game, you won't regret the purchaseThis is a fantastic game that is rich in content and attention to detail.  It looks fantastic and the art style reminds me what ""Baldurs Gate"" looked like when it first came out.  But over and above all the cosmetic excellence, lies the heart of the beast.  The gameplay.  oh and what a brilliant heart it is that beats in the core of this gem!Turn based battles require strategic thinking and clever combinations of the elemtns at hand.  You will not soon forget the first time you snatch victory from the jaws of defeat with the combination of a well placd poison cloud, followed by a flare that causes a massive explosion that wipes out multiple enemies!"
,Recommended,230230,11963418,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[MoS] Naelok,"Playing Divinity honestly felt like playing Dungeons and Dragons with a fairly creative DM who managed to ♥♥♥♥ up some times.The game is a turned based magic and sorcery RPG, with a lot of bizarre magic interactions. Let's say that there's a fire in your way. Casting rain will put out the fire, leaving behind a steam cloud that blocks line of sight and a bunch of puddles. Casting lightning on the puddles will then cause them to be electrified, stunning anyone who walks over them. There are all sorts of elemental interactions like this can make for fairly deep and nuanced combat.The story is fairly compelling, with a well realized world and interesting intrigue between different players. I played through this game 100% coop and think that it deserves to be lauded for making a deep RPG with an interesting story that actively encourages people to work together. I feel that that's the next step for gaming. We've had plenty of Left 4 Dead-ish action co op games, but now I feel that story-oriented coop can become a real thing.But unfortunately, the game needs some simple UI adjustments to become a bit more coop friendly. If you have two different people doing two different things in a game, then you need to clearly deliver all plot essential dialogue to both players. Often I'd be off crafting something and my partner would go and have an important conversation and I'd be left wondering what the heck was going on. Considering that the game gives you a teleport pyramid thing early on, it really wouldn't have hurt to pull the other player to important dialogues the moment they started (and to pop a dialogue window for both players the moment said dialogue began).Another problem is that the game's puzzles are completely awful. Any puzzle where you have to run around a room looking for a button to press (which usually is impossible to see with the default camera angle) is not really a puzzle at all. Portal 2 taught us that group puzzle solving can be incredibly fun and there are moments when I got that same high of being able to figure out a solution and brag about it, but those moments were heavily outweighed by the pixel hunt puzzles.With a little more polish in these departments, this would have been a superb game. As it stands right now, I'd call it a pretty good game (maybe even a REALLY good game) that is certainly moving in the right direction.If they make an expansion pack, I'll certainly get it."
76561197974691731,Recommended,230230,11342460,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Wolfman,"Phenominal game. Music, graphics, gameplay, voice acting (even the annoying archeologist). Even though the combat is turn based its action is mezmorizing. The way they have woven many NPC's fate together keep you guessing whats next or who done it. Anyone loving Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale style games will love this. Its hard to put down. I don't know what it is but I just love the fact that you always have a key to the door or chest, whether in the form of a key, lockpick or brute strength, my favorite having Madora smash something into oblivion. The ""effects"" that npc's are put under add depth to combat, a group of Orcs standing in a puddle causing them to be ""wet"" now you get to zap them with electricity for extra damage/stunning but be careful. If you are within that same puddle you feel the effects too. Another aspect which is wonderful, keeping you on your toes."
,Recommended,230230,9974052,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,veteranhawkeye,"Okay, so intially I reviewed this game while it was still in beta, and I recommended it wholeheartedly, however, it has since been released in full, so I thought I would update my review to reflect that.This game is, for me, one of the best rpg's of recent times. Larian has always seemed, to me at least, like a studio with great ideas, but limited execution. With Original Sin however, they have absolutely smashed that perception of them. This game is no less than a masterpiece.The story is fairly rich, with deep characters, that have their own motives and personalities. It's also pretty damn funny, with many conversations (and in-game books) having genuine laugh-out-loud moments. The combat is intuitive, and well worked, although there are one or two small bugs with it when playing co-operatively, but nothing game or immersion breaking.The co-op is where this game shines more than most. It is simple, old fashioned, damn good fun. Co-op combat is great, with each player able to feel an important part of the battle, and using abilities to destroy your enemies together is great fun, for example; one player creates a pool of oil beneath your foe, the other then lights it on fire, or perhaps one player teleports an enemy up into the air, before slamming them down into the ground... right in front of your ally, and their massive sword. It rocks, on every level.So, long story short, if you like rpg's that inherit much from baldur's gate and neverwinter, like your games to be fun and funny in equal measure, enjoy co-op or just enjoy beating things in the head, this is a fantastic game. If you don't like any of those things, then this review probably isn't for you, because anyone that hipster would never do anything so mainstream as to read a review.Buy it if you like things."
04511253298462562,Recommended,230230,11278977,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cagedboss,one of the most immersive games iv ever played so many options and choices that actualy make a diffrence. Effecting the enviorment with spells leads to some great and interesting combat and even moving some ham off the wall while sneaking around looking for loot might reveal a hidden switch. The class you choose is just a start you can be a knight that learns fire magic if you want...just so any choices. i give it a 11/10
,Recommended,230230,11283107,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,nexionly,"Love this game! One of the best Fantasy RPG games I've played.Graphics are fantastic, smooth and beautiful. Gameplay is just hard enough to be entertaining but not too simple.LOVE IT!Thank you for creating this game!"
76561198015817505,Recommended,230230,11002387,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CT_Deception,Amazing game! Like an updated Ultima with Co-Op!! LOVING IT!!! Incredibly high quality and attention to detail!
,Recommended,230230,10994394,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,immdev,"A gorgeous world of exciting possibilities, fascinating places, engrossing adventures and talking animals. Pet pal to the people!"
,Recommended,230230,11274666,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Emmybear,"Very enjoyable, quite funny at times. The combat, while turn based, is quite challenging and difficult - I find myself quicksaving all the time... ALL THE TIME, so that I can redo fights to get better results. There are difficulty settings for people who don't enjoy combat that's quite that tough, and I would recommend reading a beginners guide that doesn't have any spoilers in it, just to make the overall experience more interesting - the tutorial dungeon only teaches combat and not some of the other game mechanics. Definitely thumbs up. :)"
76561198052353098,Recommended,230230,11277713,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,mypony89,"Great game.  Still has a few bugs here and there but nothing that has been game breaking.  The only complaint that I've had with it, and IMHO this is a very small complaint for this type of game, is that some of the puzzles give you absolutely no clue of how to complete them.  Other than that, this is a very solid game.  The turn base it what I've been longing for, the spells and skills combine very nicely.  I love the dialogue from the NPC's.  I truely wish there were more games out there like this."
76561198150099334,Recommended,230230,13478617,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MrPareidolia,"A wonderful game, with much depth and humour, that recaptures the charm of the original Divine Divinity for me, that I very much enjoyed back in the day."
,Recommended,230230,9746724,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Call The Banners,"I loved the concept of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, but I could never get into that style of gameplay (even though I'm a hardcore KotOR fan). This game does an excellent job of delivering an RPG with elements very much like the classic Bioware titles and mixes in some contemporary features (but just enough to stay true to the old genre). Excellent graphics, witty dialogue (and there's a lot of it, even for it being currently in Beta), smooth combat (a bug here or there as expected), and a smack of nostalgia makes this game fit quite well in the hands of a player who spends far too much time in Elder Scrolls games. You want open-ended story with complex character crafting? Grab this. Grab the two originals as well."
,Recommended,230230,9764437,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ALbaiN,"I don't write many reviews but I had to for this game. WOW. Very simple if you are a fan of the old black isle games  (baldurs gate, fallout, icewind dale, planescape-torment etc).GET THIS GAME NOW.This is an amazing throw back to the greatest RPG's ever made with plenty of new and revolutionary ideas mixed in, absolutely amazing would easily pay $70.00 for this game.The game has gotten better and better, the devs make good decisions and additions to the game all the time. I am still very impressed with the the OMGAGE to the old style games with enough new stuff to make it really one of the best RPG's I have ever played. I highly reccomend you pick this game up upon release."
,Recommended,230230,11016859,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TheCannoN,"If you can get past the steep learning curve of the game you will find yourself in a completely amazing Turn-based RPG! This game makes you think. If you don't know how to use your brain, or if you don't want to, this game is not for you. Expect challenging puzzles and fun fights in Divinity.10/10 would buy again knowing what I know now."
76561197985650755,Recommended,230230,10865427,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dagon,Modern Black Gate. Great interactive world with limitless options and fantastic player manipulation. Best RPG I have played in many years. Great vision and  execution by the dev team. Highly recomended. 9.5/10.
76561198129997239,Recommended,230230,11069833,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,teeto28,"All I can say is that this is my favourite game of the year so far. Definitely brings me back to BG2, which is probably my highest compliment. Truly a deep and rewarding experience that has kept my interest and one that I will keep going back to.Also, the updates and fixes they have released over the first few days after launch have been spectacular. Well done Larian!"
76561197972271514,Recommended,230230,16539756,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[DHF] lvlaximus,If you like RPG style games this game is GREAT. It is very read intensive so if you do not like to read a lot ... it may not be your style. It can be very difficult early on trying to figure out how to get an edge up on creatures. I've got about 24 hours in and at no point in any battle have I felt unchallenged. At 1 point in the game I really really had to rummage around and figure out some things to do to advance my level in order to compete with some of the monsters.- The game is challenging not a casual diablo wannabe- The game makes you think. This is not a dimwitted hack and slash that you can plough through.- Battle tactics DO matter. You most of the time need to do some sort of thinking and pre thought into some or most of your engagements- YOU WILL READ A LOT!- Explorers are rewarded.- It seems fairly ballanced so you can probably make do with most any team though you MUST have someone with the capacity to heal.- Interacting with things is fun. Don't be afraid to try things.- SAVE OFTEN this is an absolute must or you will be doing a lot of repeating and get very very irritated. Sometimes it only takes 1 slight turn of events to kill you off in a battle or otherwise.- There are no quest markers so figure the stuff out or don't buy the game. If you're lazy or stuck there is always google.- Some of the quests are fairly typical... others are significantly deeper ... make sure you try to think of things and options in real world terms when doing some of the more in depth quests. Don't always assume a quest is simple.
,Recommended,230230,11456830,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Dragonorder18,"Really do love the mix of old style gameplay, mixed with New Elements! Back to the roots, with better than ever design!"
,Recommended,230230,11053678,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AnonymousJoe,"A door was locked so I beat it down with my sword.9/10Oh you think I'm being cute?  Name the last time a you could break down a locked door using your sword at the cost of the sword's durability.  Or how about using a chill spell in the rain to freeze an ally in order to give them a massive physical defense boost?  Sure they can't move, but it keeps them alive until the healing spell cools down.  Ever done that? No?  How about using one character to distract a guard while the other pickpockets them?  Probably not.Divinity: Original Sin creates a massive web of mechanics and options to give players incredible amounts of power and balances that by making everything ♥♥♥♥ing hard.  Oh, and friendly fire is always on. Don't worry, there's a quick save for when you blow yourself up.It's not all serious, though.  In fact, most of the sidequests are absolutely hilarious.  The first fighter's guild you join is a pyramid scheme.  If you choose the talent that lets you talk to animals, there's a fortune telling bull.This game is amazing.  It gives the player incredible power and not so much as a safety pamphlet as a guide.  You will eviscerate yourself a thousand different ways before reaching Level 5, and that's the fun of it."
76561198012657377,Recommended,230230,11064137,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dire Wolf,Spent 10 minutes punching a door open while my companions distracted the guards then stole some smelly panties from a woman's dresser. 10/10.
76561198065566980,Recommended,230230,11011556,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,TerryFT-86,Amazing! This game is like ultima with modern day graphic! Back when u can block a dragon with desk that u made LOL!
,Recommended,230230,11097953,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Noxxys,"This is a game with the spirit of the classic RPGs but a modern design and technology. So far I love it and I highly recommend it.GameplayThis is where Divinity: Original Sin really shines the most, in my opinion.There is a very interesting system that makes elements interact with each other. Is your character burning or reluctant to pass through a flake of poison? Cast a rain spell to dissipate these elements. But beware, everybody will become wet and thus will be more vulnerable to air and water spell. That means they can get frozen or electrified (stunned) more easily.The engine also allows stuff like action happening in different places with different characters simultaneously. For example, you could split your party in two to attempt a flanking manoeuvre, or solve a puzzle that requires multiple actions at the same time.Coop is great in this game. You can play with a friend, and not only you can take advantage of the two points aforementioned, but you also have a coop dialogue system. You and your friend (or stranger) play one of the two main characters, and you don't have to agree on everything. You can resolve conflicts with your charisma stat and a rock paper scissor game. Depending on the sentences you choose, you will get attributes points, like Compassionate or Heartless, which will give you opposite bonuses. So choose well.GraphicsThe game is quite sexy and is above the average for such RPGs. You can zoom and tumble the camera to see it better, and apart from a few blurry rock textures here and there, I have nothing to criticize. The effects of the elements in combat are quite beautiful, for instance the reflections when a surface is frozen. But don't get too distracted or you might slip on the ice.SoundThe music is generally good, sometimes original and the themes are quite memorable. I can remember some of the tunes when not playing the game.There are voice overs and they are of good quality as well (can't say for other languages though). The sounds effects are good to very good. The ambient sounds really help to bring you more immersion.Story / WritingAlthough English is not my native language, I can say that the writing is really good. The language there is quite elevated, and it's pleasant to read.There is a lot of humor, and characters have some depth, even the cheese merchant with his cheesy pick up lines :)The Story is good so far, although not super original (you're gonna save the world once again). But the quests and dialogues, coupled with the graphics, sound and gameplay, are good enough to guaranty a total immersion and many hours of enjoyable gameplay (even more if you can bring a friend along).There is also a level editor shipping with the game, so keep an eye for (potentially awesome) player content in the future."
76561198008771415,Recommended,230230,11759969,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Restless Kaiser,First few hours in the game and really loving it.  Familiar interface with no senseless learning 'how to play' and well scripted voiced story.  Two real strengths I would stress:1: truly co-oprative game with two main characters each contributing to the story as well as the fighting.2: Unusual 'cartoon-painting' style introduction which I really liked.4/5
76561198117754499,Recommended,230230,11970732,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Masquerade,"I never write a review on steam before. But Larian kinda asked for it. Had to make this expection for this once. Because Larian is more then straight conners, liars and they took our money while their product is half, unfinished and broken. Well first of all I dont have big play time on this one (because the game wont let me play more then one hour mostly) ; musics are pretty bad but some people might like it so its just my opinion, there are some good violin in them; graphics are not good enough for this dat, while they want a monster computer because optimiztaion is well unbelieveble, loading times are longer then your play time mostly, voice actors did a pretty bad job while sounds are fairly nice. All of this techincal stuff aint matter much to me though because i am into story and atmosphere mostly, in the end i am still playing all infinity engine games from time to time. But i dont have an opinion about those for this game because Larian sold a product before finishing it. It used out time and our money to do one of them jobs; beta testing, everyday they release a new patch but these are to create more bugs instead of fixing the old ones. They offer minimal technical service, theyn didnot answer properly about any problems no feedback, just more meaningless patches i am not trying to play this game anymore because i asked for a refund and didnt get any respond though strangely they advertised their game can be played in a 32 bit system but as you can see its a lie and fooling, conning a customer. I am writing this so next time when you see a Larian product maybe you realize you are giving your money to the professionel conman uses their customer for their own jobs and bought something else."
76561198075242745,Recommended,230230,14923075,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,† Ought2bshot,"Honestly, one of the best RPG games I have ever played and I play a lot of RPGs. If you are a fan in any way of old style RPG games or are just a RPG fan in general, you have to get this game. And even if you not a hardcore RPG fan, I really think that you can still have fun with it. I don't understand why its not more popular however this game deserves to be main stream all the way.Pros:- Awesome combat which makes you think before you enter combat situations and really rewards you for eating food which gives you buffs.- No hand holding what so ever therefore making the game challenging but still a lot of fun- Game is long! Finally a game worth the price... I didn't think those existed any more.- Awesome story line that im not where near to finishing but am enjoying so much.- Awesome interaction with the citizens around the city and an all around immersive RPG style game.- Multiplayer is awesome!(Many, many more Pros but I don't want to go on forever)Cons:- The game may not be updated as frequently as most would like.- There is the possibility that you may miss a quest item completely and you may not be able to retrieve this item literally making the game unbeatable, which would make some people mad... but hey pay attention and you should be fine.- Same goes for if you kill an NPC. The NPC might be a quest giver or required for a quest later in the game.- You really have to read up on the forums and research different builds and watch How-Tos... A lot.- Even though Multiplayer is awesome, its only two player, however you can easily download one of the many four player mods out there. I think there is even one on the steam workshop now. Should be easy to find and install.Even with these Cons, this game is so worth it and if you weren't convinced of buying this game before, I really wish that this review convinces you."
,Recommended,230230,14296119,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Resurrected,"I decided to wait a while to write a review on this game as I needed to at least ""beat the game"" once (current play time is just over 60 hours).  Divinity: Original Sin is an extremely punishing game to those who think you can brute force down the enemies.  You need to follow the story line and appreciate the game in its entirety to be able to succeed.  While the previous statements may have been negative, the game is 100% worth every penny and I would recommend it to any of my friends.  I have had the most personal fun playing co-op mode with one of my best friends (Escape -> Assign Characters is too hidden!) and it makes the replayability so much more considering you can always try new heroes and/or mercs.With all the positives there are some things that don't make a lot of sense, Crafting and Blacksmithing come to mind.  Have no idea why Crafting is in the game after 60 hours or how to use it.  Blacksmithing is a free repair... which means it's just tedious to use and item durability doesn't serve a purpose then.  The first time you play thru the game make sure you save often and try and balance your team/abilities/read an initial play guide.  If not, you are going to have a very bad time and get to about level 7 or 8 and hit a brick wall that can honestly be impassable.My recommendation is grab a friend, spend some long nights/weekends together and play one of the best action based RPGs I've played in a very long time.  Enjoy your travels together!"
,Recommended,230230,11138836,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Art,"One of the best RPGs I have played, this reminds me of a modern day game of Baldur's Gate or Fallout Tatics game.You have your usual real time action until combat starts then its turn based with action points, the combat is where it shines as you have elemental effects that combine and can change the flow of battle.  For example you can make it rain and use lightening to shock your foes or another way is to use a water arrow and shock arrow combo, there are more then just one way of doing things.Another shining point is the multi player aspect of the game where you make choices and decisions and if you can't agree then its a game of rock, paper and scissors.Over all this is a very good game with some amusing death scenes and great music that brings out the atmoshere of the adventure.This is a game worth its price."
76561197974037832,Recommended,230230,11929301,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Shooting Blind,"awesome game, should be named baldurs gate 3"
76561198034956953,Recommended,230230,11094194,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,redBurlysquirel,If you don't have this game you need to re-evaluate your life
76561198003955527,Recommended,230230,10837328,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,stabito,its fun
,Recommended,230230,14400688,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Delira,"It has that old school feel game when world was not in such a rush.Wonderful environment which enriches the atmosphere, interesting concepts for characters, well developed crafting, very entertaining combat and many things that other games lost over the years.It gets 10 stars from me for the co-op multiplayer.My only complaint: sometimes the characters dialogues hits you with a wall of text describing the story. I love the stories, but I would have liked an option to ask about it, something like ""please tell me more"".Either then that I love the game."
76561197989129410,Recommended,230230,11091881,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Factor,"In short, this game is easily worth $40.Haven't played much of the game yet (just got to lvl 3), but what I have seen so far has been truly impressive.  Combat is a mix between Baldur's Gate II and Temple of Elemental Evil, which is a great thing, especially if you are a fan of those games as I am.  Spell system works a little differently than D&D, however; spells have cooldowns & require action pts to use, no memorizing & resting are required.  Voice acting, Sound-FX, music & graphics are nicely done.  Dialogue is well-written with plenty of wit and the storyline is shaping up nicely.  Haven't messed with the Divinity Engine Toolkit yet, but from what I've seen, if the community gets behind it, expect Skyrim-calibre moddability.  Multiplayer can be fun, but the game is a little slow-paced for two players (lot of reading in between combat) so maybe skip the co-op for your second play thru and try out a different class with your friends.Game crashed on me once so far, but the auto & quicksaves help there."
,Recommended,230230,12620654,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Templar,"Awesome detailed world packed with great quests, amusing well-written tales, fun characters, and so many different things to do. Excellent turn-based combat that plays quick and is tons of fun. Playing the campaign co-op is a top-notch experience. The game starts out a bit slow and can be a bit dense with systems to figure out but overall its a brilliant title that I highly recommend for anyone with even a hint of interest in games of this sort."
76561198031665861,Recommended,230230,13955118,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Morbo,"I was close to not to buy this game due the Cons people was posting.The Cons of that game are like a bithmark in Scarlett Johansson ancle. Yes, it's there, but the game is so superior quality that you won't care/notice.This is a marathon game, you'll need to give yourself time to play it, enjoy it, think it.And the freedom...ohhh, not many games had let me be this much creative solving/screwing situations, you'll be surprised.And the details and hints....and the mechanics.....and the awfull amount of content.....If you truly like RPG, get it. You won't be dissapointed."
76561198037713896,Recommended,230230,14323523,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,MrFauxPas,"I've finished the game yesterday. It's a good game, but it's overrated.Pros:- Interesting, turn based combat system.- Controlling two independent characters at once (would love to try this with multi).- Classless character system.- Mod system.- Soundtrack.Okays:- Graphics.- Amount of content.Well, I think there's a lot of content, but not everything seems to be well thought out. I dislike the Diablo-esque loot system, where bosses or chests drop too much of random loot. Old BlackIsle games didn't do stuff like this :/- Dialogues.Lots of work went into them, but they seem to be unpolished sometimes. Sometimes they're quite clichee.- Plot. Beginning was good. The rest.. okay. The execution wasn't always good - sometimes too light-hearted, and not that consistent atmoshpere.Cons:- Too big adventage for elemental users.- Too big focus on the combat, not on the plot development. The fights are challenging on normal difficulty, but once you have to repeat 5 fights 3 times each to advance the plot a little, it becomes tiresome. Especially since the combat is kind of repetetive. (played as a Knight and a Marksman)- Pixel hunting puzzles.- Lack of interface for crafting.- The way mouse is raycasted over objects. Sometimes I would have to move my mouse to an exact spot to hit a monster, otherwise I would use Action Points trying to walk behind it before attacking.In the end I think it is a well made game, but not a revolutionary one. The game lacks a little bit of polish here and there. It has some 'novel' concepts, which should be interesting to those who weren't exposed to them before.But I don't think this game deserves 10/10. Maybe compared to nowdays RPG titles, yes. But compared to broader RPG experience, I'd say it's 7/10."
,Recommended,230230,14057467,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,zone,"I think I'll jot down a few thoughts here, now that I'm nearly finished with my first run through the game.  Approaching 100 hours in, bearing in mind that I've left the game idling a lot and I restarted after mucking around for ~20 hours, it has probably taken me fewer than 70 hours to get to almost-done... but either way, I'd say this all reflects pretty well on the game since there have only been a handfulI've wanted to play that much of these last several years.  I'm easily distracted (particularly when it comes to video games longer than 10-20 hours) and I often start games and leave them unfinished, but Divinity: Original Sin is one I don't want to STOP playing.  I want to play through it again, even, next time with more co-op.Anyway, you're probably not looking at my review to find out that this is a classic turn-based and party-based CRPG with loads of new game polish (super lush graphics) and all the freedom one might hope for from a game like this.  At this point I would say the game is preceded by its reputation, and while I have yet to play Dragonfall or Grimrock 2, I'd say this is pretty clearly the real best RPG of 2014 (my personal disappointments with Dark Souls 2, which is actually a pretty great game, notwithstanding (and I don't care about Dragon Age)).  There's little to no handholding, but by virtue of well-considered design it's friendly to players like myself, who may not have cut their teeth on all the classics like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, or the earlier Divine Divinity games.  Once I had a feel for how to get around and do things on my own, I just wanted to explore every corner of this game.  The turn-based combat is so much more enjoyable to me than the frantic clicking of similarly isometric action RPGs for the PC as Diablo, Torchlight, and Path of Exile.  I enjoy those games, but you see, X-Com has always been one of my absolute favorites, so the combination of freedom and thoughtful combat really hits the spot.  Elemental hazards factor in constantly, making every decision in battle interesting.Larian may just be coming into their own despite having had a following for some time now, and Original Sin deserves to be more than just a diamond in the rough.  It deserves to be King Diamond, the Original Sin...ger of Mercyful Fate.  *long, gross fart sound*  (Oh, yeah, all the achievements are named after songs by Dio, Black Sabbath, etc.  Apparently those Larian dudes love their heavy metal.)Seriously, though — heck of a game."
76561198028930344,Recommended,230230,13270492,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,pengwins,Great game story is amazing and combat is challenging
76561197971988605,Recommended,230230,14714646,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MyNizzle,"If you're on old school rpg fan you'll love this game.  No hand holding, great writing, great combat system, intuitive interface.  Would definitely recommend for any RPG lovers out there"
,Recommended,230230,15085276,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,NIMBVS,"An absolutely fantastic RPG in every way imaginable.  The only thing I would have loved to be implemented is more customization in terms of appearance.  Other than that, every single part of this game is gripping, rewarding, and a ton of fun.  Highly recommend this."
,Recommended,230230,15331302,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Katsunaka,"I LOVE this game.I've yet to put it down in the days since I've bought it. It's been fun reading and really weighing decisions.  I've been playing with a friend and it's reinvigorated my gaming spirit. Many games before have fallen, this game, err STORY is worth it.Even when I'm not playing it, I'm watching a video or reading something to further my education in this game. There's a lot to understand.This game is not a click n pick looter RPG. One errant click in a dialogue and you're fighting. The turn based combat is something that is worth the price of admission. This isn't a game you'll put down anytime soon. Larian knows what they've created is a monster. That monster has a belly and it's waiting for it's dinner.Just enjoy it, read the wiki, read that guide off google and get your drink ready. Youll be at your keyboard for a while. A good memory is needed or just some pen and paper. Enjoy it.I haven't had this much fun in a while playing a game. It's HEAVILY recommended from me. I'm biased but I feel in the hours I have in it so far, it's been worth while."
,Recommended,230230,14074456,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Nameless Oblivion,"Baldur's Gate with a splash of XCOM. Linear and not particularly repeatable, but a good co-op diversion with a dedicated partner.No cover drawn from its XCOM heritage, but tactical combat control and lockdowns are the order of the day. Scoundrels, Men at Arms, and Expert Marksmen are effectively 'mages in armor', with broad spell variety saved for dedicated INT casters, who will have a few skill trees due to less attribute dependence. Spend some time studying the character generation and level up systems, as understanding how tightly you will need to specialize is vital - the game is parsimonious with stat improvements. The tactical combat will pull no punches though the AI can sometimes be baited into foolish mistakes of positioning. Get friendly with your quicksave key, and put a grin on - the combat can be brutal, and a winning contest can go south quickly when new enemy abilities make their first appearance. D:OS won't warn you about what's coming.For mages doing damage, elemental combinations are the order of the day, and being able to apply all of the earth(poison)/fire and water/air(electricity) pairings is useful, but specialize in one pairing. Countering these works as you might imagine - water dries up when heated, fire goes out when rained upon. Be able to counter them all, amongst your group. Poison can be burned off (explosively!). Ice will melt, faster with help. Witchcraft is the INT caster version of Man-at-Arms, with fewer controls, but more ranged debuffs and pet summons - an armored decapitator appearing behind enemy lines is nothing to sneer at. (Nor are the various elementals and animals from the elemental skills, for that matter, but one summon per caster at a time.)The writing is adequate, but not stellar. The first who-dun-it wasn't particularly inspiring, and oftentimes progression has been a matter of ""what level arethoseenemies?"" rather than a cohesive sense of direction and progress. The quest journal is next-to-useless for many quests, providing little or no information to follow up. Use markers liberally, and don't be ashamed to augment the game's lacking journalling with some of your own. If you're doing every quest, expect to either miss a few things or need a walkthrough/guide from time to time.The rock-paper-scissors mechanic for the 'persuasion minigame' is by turns novel and tiresome. It's cute the first couple of times you see it, and it's a new way to 'randomize' a mechanic that no one seems to get right (persuasion) but it misses the mark in not having an ""autoplay"". Frankly, I don't want to play RPS against the computer, or my partner, and if the point is to provide some uncertainty to 'speech checks', that's fine - but I don't care for the minigame much. Fortunately, it's been relatively rare thus far...Character control is relatively straightforward - two players control four characters between them, in any combination. The host controls who gets to run which, allowing one player to AFK while the other plays a combat or to allow a tactical novice to mind only a single character in combat, etc. Wife and I split our characters into two teams of two, and it works out well - I run the NPC warrior Madora (man-at-arms) and shadow cleric (witchcraft/some water/man-at-arms), she handles the mage duties (one in all colleges for access, specializing earth/fire for stronger effects) and the sneaky rogue Wolgraff we recruited.Combat is turn based and is the real meat of the game, with players asked to deploy skills and weapons to defeat foes in a number of varied battlefield conditions. Often, a different approach or tactical plan is the difference between victory and reloading, and fights have been challenging often.All around, an enjoyable game, but remember those roots - the game doesn't pretend to be a more modern RPG, no matter the pretty graphics, so study up on how the level system works. It doesn't pretend to have autopilot combat, either. Bring your tactical thinking to the table....and get ready to read, because this is a long, slow march, not a sprint.Edit:Bugs, however, abound. Often, we notice desync issues when the host reloads the game and player #2's characters appear to have no stats (base scores all reset to 5) and not be wearing their gear, etc. We've not experienced any corruption from these episodes, but save often to avoid screams of hair-rending frustration when player 2 says ""My character is bugged. Again."" I'm amazed this wasn't caught and corrected, given how prevalent it's been for us!We've seen a couple of minor oddities (one bug involved a repeatedly-exploding poison gas trap that killed a boss in a single round because the poison would detonate, leave a fire puddle, the gas would refill the area, detonate... The boss standing in the cloud never took a combat turn - the explosion cycle took himn from 100% to 0% in one round of chained, buggy explosions (not that I'm complaining).Learn how to temper armor and weapons, learn how to make basic equipment (Madora makes a decent smith) and you can take advantage of movement speed penalty reductions on heavy armor and enhanced basic damage on weapons (for free). Don't play 'hard mode' if you don't have to!If you're into RPGs this one's worth a look, but don't expect all the rough corners to be filed down or a 100% bug-free experience, because they're not and it's not."
,Recommended,230230,14572522,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,GraphicX,"FANTASTIC GAME !if you love turn based strategy & rpgs you'll love divinity original sin.time to completion is huge, but it has to be as the game is simply massive.definitely a game to play if you're after quality, 9/10"
76561198058769387,Recommended,230230,14554559,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Flotten,"This game is excellent!  I have been looking for a good CRPG for a very long time, and this game fits the bill and then some!"
76561198143968942,Recommended,230230,15666844,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,AnetD,"Just finished this game and loved it. Geather your party and explore this amazing world. You get great story with beautiful music, total freedom, challenging battles and lots of sidequests. If you love RPGs, you shouldn't miss this one."
,Recommended,230230,11072454,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,opusredx,"This is a great game with a few issues.  Even with my negative points below I still recommend it for people who like RPG+Turn based battles, if you liked games like Baldur’s Gate series then you will likely enjoy this game.Good:+Great Graphics.+Moody atmosphere for dungeons.+Talk/trade with almost every neutral NPC.+Developers are listening to players and updates/patches are coming out frequently.Not so Good:-Inventory management is clunky.  Yes you can use ""Send to Homestead"" but I would love to see an option to access it from anywhere as well as quick transfer, say CTRL+left click to transfer to Homestead.-Enemy visual range is so large that often you’re in battle before you can even see them.  Once in battle you often have to move the map around just to spot the enemy, since they are so spread out.-Quest tracking.  I know this was their intent but the lack of any visual clues and limited suggestions in quest log can make questing painful and slow.  I’ve spend a large amount of my time running between people in town asking the same questions and hoping for a different answer or quest update.  If there were better visual clues (pointer) or more details in quest log on what is expected next I wouldn’t feel some much like I’m wasting time running around.-Movement speed, I know this is subjective but for me I feel like the characters move too slowly even at max speed.-So far with my limited play it seems like the enemy count is too low on the maps, i.e. only one or two groups of enemies per map area."
76561198012214512,Recommended,230230,17728230,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dexter Douglas,"Love it. Game is hard, but the best kind of hard."
76561198006830782,Recommended,230230,11330742,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Proqs,"Great RPG.Finally a good RPG, with good storyline, allot of humor and great battles. It has been a long time i have seen such a nice game. Also very nice that you can customize your char completly. You can chose fighter/mage abilities and make your char very personalized.I recommend this game to every player that loves RPG's."
,Recommended,230230,11337069,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zXavier,One of the best RPGs even played.This game has quite a number of puzzle involved which i liked. However i don't really like reading texts.Nevertheless this is a GREAT RPG =p
,Recommended,230230,11337150,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Blazemuffin,"I havent had this much fun since Baldur's Gate franchise for this type of turn based RPG.  Great game, I was really suprised with this installment."
76561198008165141,Recommended,230230,11336342,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Torgan,Definitely scratches that party based RPG itch. Combat is great fun with the ability to combine elemental effects to cause more damage.Only thing needed is a slightly less clunky UI and inventory.
,Recommended,230230,11334767,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pengawain,"Excellent RPG. Good turn-based combat allowing for all kinds of tactical possibilities and ways to overcome difficult fights. Plenty of customization in how to build your characters, and there's no real wrong way to do it, just about anything is viable. Most quests have multiple ways to solve them, giving you freedom to play the kind of character you want without having to completely skip or fail any quests. The only downside is that quests are relatively self-contained meaning there isn't much replay value unless you just want to see things resolve slightly differently, but hopefully with the robust editing tools this won't be an issue, as inevitably we'll have full-length new campaign mods eventually. If you like RPGs, especially older Western ones like Baldur's Gate and (obviously) Divine Divinity, give this game a go."
,Recommended,230230,11335861,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Max Eisenhardt,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I have spent so many hours replaying and replaying. Love the variation of method, love the story telling and truly appreciate the art. I wish there was more voice acting, but it's spot on! :)"
76561198040996198,Recommended,230230,11337685,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,aPx9,"Divinity: Original Sin is a beautiful game, everything from the look of the water, to the sound design is top notch in my opinion. What really makes it awesome, is that it relies on a sort of ""old school"" methodology when it comes to combat and questing. I think that is what sets it apart from so many other games, and in a good way. This game is not easy, but at the same time, I wouldn't say that its unfairly difficult. As long as you take the time to understand the mechanics, it won't be too bad. It really makes the player analyze each encounter, and use that knowledge to be better prepared for future fights.The game's combat is turn base, so that might put some people off, but I personally think thats part of the reason the game is so great. It gives you the freedom to stop and think instead of rushing into a fight.Another point I mentioned, was the questing system. This game is totally free of hand holding, so you really need to use your head to figure out the quests, you actually need to talk to the NPC's and explore the environment to have any chance of completing them. (Get petpal ASAP!)""Player choice"" and ""Freedom"" are terms often used to describe games, but usually I feel, most games fall short of allowing the player to really play the game how they want. With Divinity: OS, this is not the case, you really can play the game how you want. If you want to kill the starting NPC's that give you the first quests, you can do it. There is no set path that you are supposed to follow, you can really play the game how you want.Lastly, I just want to mention that somethings are hard to figure out when first playing the game. For instance, you will want to save up ability points so you can unlock better skills instead of spending them right away. Certain things like this can be tough to figure out, so I would recommend reading some beginner guides online first. There are some great ones on Steam already. Past the basic stuff, I wouldn't read anything else online though, part of the fun of this game is figuring stuff out on your own.Honestly, this is one of the best games I have ever played. I don't think I've been this engrossed in a game in years. If you like RPG's and rewarding/challenging games, please get this game, it really is amazing."
,Recommended,230230,11330273,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kitaue,"I've tried this game out of curiousity. Then fell in love with how realistic the environment works and how beautiful the graphics are while using magic and other skills.I also loved how skills ""only"" consume AP, in addition to using AP and a seperate SP in most other Turn based games.This makes it more fun to use Mages. But the environment makes it also more dangerous to use them.It's crazy how they've thought of everything and it makes it hard to not hurt your own party.The game doesn't have guidelines and quest markers. All you have is a journal, that gets updated with things you've discovered but there's still no clear answer as to where to go or what to do. This is something you have to find out yourself.The coop feature has made it more fun as i've been playing this with my brother and we've been trying figuring out what to do most of the time. But this kept us playing for longer as we probably would have normally.It's a great game to play if you're willing to explore, think for yourself, and like to sit back in combat thinking about your moves.I highly recommend it."
76561198076040434,Recommended,230230,11338471,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,NinJaPhish,Hands down the best buy I made this year!
,Recommended,230230,11336145,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,robroyale1,"D:OS is in a word...amazing. Think Baldurs Gates but Co-Op with a little Magicka thrown in as far as spell interaction goes. Nasty archers with fire arrows or pyrokinetic mages have your friends on fire? Use your magician to make it rain and quench the flames...and guess what now everyone is wet and susceptible to being frozen with a chill spell. Not to mention you can fire lightning at a puddle of water or blood to make a stun field.So many possibilites. Wanna steal from an NPC but they keep walking around? Break up your party and talk to up 3 NPCs separately while you rob them blind. Pick up a talent called Leech and everytime blood toches your character (even their own) they recieve Health. Nasty Melee enemy right in your caster/ranger's face? Teleport him into the sky and drop him on his head (or his friends) for great damage and better position.So much can be said about this game but know this TACTICS RULE THE DAY. Fully utilizing your party is the key to victory even on normal difficulty. Learn how ALL OF YOUR SKILLS interplay, DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT stifle your own development by only sticking to Oil/Fire. Nothing can beat a varied party that really knows how to change any situation. And Last but not least FULL ONLINE CO-OP not just some watered down mode."
76561197989449898,Recommended,230230,10078205,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,WOW!!!!! Amazing!!!!
,Recommended,230230,10990775,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Nightwolfd,"For all the lover's of Bauldur's gate, buy this game and you will never regret!"
,Recommended,230230,10617746,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Johma Sh'o,Very impressed with Divinity after a 4 hour run with a friend. If you are into OG RPG's I'd highly suggest picking it up.
76561197966327279,Recommended,230230,10741953,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BeardRex,Co-op play is great. The game is brutal and unforgiving and I wouldn't have it any other way.
,Recommended,230230,11063543,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Presumably,Best PC rpg since Baldurs gate 2
,Recommended,230230,10989631,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FuzzX,"This game is more than homage to RPG's of yesteryear, it is an evolution. The amount of passion Larian has put into the game is evident in almost every element - from the gameplay and UI to the incredible soundtrack.Playing the full release here and as a RPG fan I could not be happier. Exceeded all expectations!"
,Recommended,230230,11336256,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BMF,"Likes:++++++++++ Crafting System... excellent, the fact that you can craft items based on your level is cool!! you do not need to rely on drops to get a good weapon if you have a high crafting levelMaybe there could be a way to create also magical items...or even unique for someone with a great crafting skill?+++ Merchants, always change what they have (also in the first town), and get a resupply on gold+++ Party and companions+++ Turn based battlesDislikes:----- The riddles, clues and hidden buttons and things that you need to try to open a door... I got bored about the time after I killed Boreas... you need to go back and forth all the map to finish up a quest... it's getting extremely boring at the end----- invulnerable enemies? no such thing... very strong ones? yes... but not invulnerable so that you have to solve 20 quests to get a spell or blood or whatever to even be able to touch them. This should be an advantage, solve a riddle, a quest and then make them easier to beat, but invulnerable void spawns and such, is not fair at all for the gameplay.Got to a very good level, I am at the end of the map, and I get kicked by some invulnerables because probably I forgot to search for some clue to open a door and meet some wizard... huh? got bored and didn't play anymore--- went a bit too far with the whole quest dependencies... the side quests are too dependent on one another, and it's sometimes not clear what to do--- no actual places where you can always find enemies to fight... you kill everyone in a place, that place gets desertedThere should be some people that hire you to go some place and kick some daemons or something like a source hunter that you are.--- not much to do with the gold in the end... got about 300K, and it stays in the Homestead in stacks of 50K... never gonna use it again"
,Recommended,230230,9721022,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,The Badman,"Maim, kill, burn, fry, cook, electrocute, poison, crush, stab, punch, throw, teleport, trap, explode, talk... evrything to death100/10Forget Skyrim, forget GTA, THIS IS THE FUTURE!"
,Recommended,230230,13760290,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jamsus11,"Brief review of what this game meant to me.I'm 28 years old, i played videogames fro 18 years.Last two years, for work \ private stuff \ study \ love sometimes, i lost a bit of passion in videogames, and started to see them like a timelostthing.Then, Divinity: Original Sin.4 years that a game didn't let me stay wake for playing until dawn (since 8PM).10\10.Excellent combat system, hard but balanced sometimes. No quest tracking, quest diary. Read and use intelligence to go on. Cool on everything."
76561198129461318,Recommended,230230,13568648,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jibber,I can't stop playing....
76561198065757726,Recommended,230230,13822675,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mrg211,60 hours in and I love this game. Brings back the feeling of games like Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale series. If you are old enough to know these games you will fall in love instantly. If your a younger gamer it may take some geting use to the fact that there is little hand holding with the quests. If you can forget everything you have learned from most recent rpg's (Diablo 3) then you will really start to enjoy the game. The combat is very tactical and satisfying. It is possible to overcome encounters above your level if you employ a little bit of tactics and use the terrain. I wont say the story is Tolkien worthy but its put together well enough and keeps the game progressing. Also there is a lot of hidden humor if you take the time to dialog with npc's. All in all I am loving this game and for once the hype is true. Pick it up and give it a try.
76561198032705817,Recommended,230230,11012226,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,shadeling,"I've donated to a good number of crowdfunded/early access titles over the past year and Divinity: Original Sin is the first one of them that has officially launched and I just gotta say that they have set the bar extremely high (Hot Damn have they evah!) as far as this development trend goes. Their alpha was impressively polished a few months ago and it just got better as the days went on. Larian was so on point, it was sick (in the good way! :P).Now playing the official release is just pure joy.  I'm right back where I was in the 90s playing so many of the amazing cRPG titles that were so much fun and D:OS has brought that all back and then some.  Crowdfunding/EA has allowed Larian to make the game they always wanted to make with total creative freedom and it shows, ohmgosh does it show.Sure there have been some hiccups since launch with issues but there has also been a steady stream of updates as Larian listens to all the feedback and fixes the issues as they pop up.The modding toolkit is ready as well and just waiting for Valve to flip the switch so there is a whole lot more of the goodness to be had from talented modders out there. I am so stoked!"
,Recommended,230230,11355175,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,YamYam Senpai,"Great game, reminds me so much of old school RPG. Which is what it's meant to do! If your a true old school RPGER or just getting into RPG's i would highly recommend this game. It's well worth the money for the amount of content it comes with. I've already spent hours stuck on the same boss / level just trying to figure out things to do different and the decisions i make along the game.It gets very addicting, very fast!"
,Recommended,230230,10457587,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Akiza Maya,"Already bought it for what I have played in the alpha so far I have been amazed. I really do enjoy the Divinity series so far with Dragon Commander and Divinity 2 Developers Cut and the DLC Flames of Vengeance. Its nice to have a RPG I can sink a few hours in ever week when its comes out.Its a nice I can play with a friend or just have to single player characters to myself there a lot to this game and can't wait to discover more of it soon. I highly recommend this game to any RPG, Fantasy or Indie gamers out there you wont be disappointed."
76561198103646175,Recommended,230230,16488679,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Crystallization,"I don't usually play these types of RPGs, turn based combat isn't exactly my cup of tea. I have been known to play a few now and then but I'm rather picky. This one just blows the rest out of the water. It's amazingly intricate and detailed and extremely immersive. I love how it doesn't hold your hand through the quests and you have to figure things out for yourself. I haven't been playing very long at all, just started out actually, but I fell in love with it and I'll be dedicating a poo ton of my free time to this game."
,Recommended,230230,11060548,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,daddy,"My 2 gold coins:It is quite the throwback to classical RPGs because this game *really* doesn't hold your hand. You have to actually read the generally well written, albeit often (deliberately?) cheesy dialogue and pay attention if you want to solve quests. Mistakes will be punished, but it makes success so much more satisfying.The complexity of the game lies beneath the surface. At first I was disappointed by linear leveling areas and invisible walls, and though I wished they had forgone these aspects of classic RPGs, they have elevated that of meaningful and connected worldbuilding to a higher level. If you kill someone, a relative of that person may refuse you help in the main quest later on, so you should be careful as your actions have consequences beyond ""don't shoot civilians or the level ends"".Combat is interesting though it feels too slow, due to limited abilites in the beginning and slow animations dragging it out unnecessarily in later fights. A feature to skip spell/enemy animations would be greatly appreciated. The slow pace continues with general gameplay, mostly because of the sluggish run speed out of fights.Speaking of combat, it is difficult even on normal, but quicksave and the ability to flee make it forgiving and absolutely manageable even against stronger enemies. Environmental effects are satisfying to use but the AI often misjudges them, leading to enemies killing themselves or damaging their allies. Another thing is the terrible item management. Why can't I have all my character inventories next to each other in one window? Right now, moving stuff around is an absolute pain. Also the bartering window doesn't work with your inventory order.These problems are annoying and regularly distract from gameplay but the latter is strong enough to still make this a great game if you are willing to invest yourself into a challenging and attention demanding playthrough."
76561198012598946,Recommended,230230,8829752,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,OpusMioda,"Very entertaining game. I supported this game from the moment I heard about it. Whilst it is just in Alpha, the game will prove to be a gold star once it's finished. The various bugs that occure are mostly hard to notice and the communication system is a bit under-developed. But, I do suggest this game for anyone looking for a classic revamp of a turn based rpg."
76561197987326605,Recommended,230230,8819413,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Danahi,"Really good turn-based RPG, which gave the same feel and enjoyment as in games like: KoToR (I and II), dragon age and baldur's gate.people who should buy it at this moment:- you can handle alpha gameplay (crashes, incomplete gameplay mechanics, etc.)- you like turn based combat- you like a game with as many conversations as fights. (if not more :P)- you like micro-management of inventoryPeople who shouldn't buy this game at this moment:- invert the afore mentioned.Good features:- compelling story- have the freedom to kill everyone- great (semi) - turn based combat mechanicsBad features:- slow travel speed- unclear quest progression (this game doesn't hold your hand with quest markers which tends to get time consuming)"
,Recommended,230230,10925904,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lee,"Played the early access beta with my girlfriend. She got arrested for repeatedly trying to steal a bucket, and before I could run to the prison to bail her out she had sold her soul to the devil in exchange for her freedom. Perfect. Everyone should own this game."
76561198027191973,Recommended,230230,10975874,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Warca,I am speachless its truly an epic game! one of todays modern masterpieces!
76561198045036067,Recommended,230230,10959100,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yami,Excellent old-school-style rpg!
76561198014396249,Recommended,230230,11681485,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Theo,"This is new Baldur's Gate of 21th centuryBuy this game now ,you will not regret any peny on it.Story is just perfect,animations fit your eyes and with story enviroment makes you fell like living dream...Only downside was the end.Don't get me wrong it was a well done but it shouldn't end!!!! This game should last forever..This is what you will feel ,go buy this game now!"
76561198039861861,Recommended,230230,11682056,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,AlphaCrimson,"Overall impression: A good classic style RPG with some new ideas to gameplay. Unfortunately alot of these ideas don't pan out.Note: I played this game solo and in my opinion the game really is best played as a co-op.Aesthetic: The graphics and music are nice even on the medium levels and it runs well. In terms of theme it is a classic kind of fantasy game set within an already established fictional world. So, yes expect dragons, orcs, undead, and all that to be present.Gameplay: The game is tactical and turn based in terms of combat but in a unique action point based system. Also there are no movement grids but moving in combat does cost action points and leaves you open to attacks of opportunity. The games first fault is its unrelenting difficulty even on normal. Now while on hard this game boasts some of the smartest enemy AI I have ever seen, the AI also has a distinct predilection for cheating. Also the game does a very poor job of directing you where to go next. Now in an open world game this would be expected, but this is not an open world game. The games biggest faults are its diplomacy system and its puzzle elements. The puzzle elements are frustrating and completely unnecessary and often involve finding tiny buttons that blend in with the enviroment. The diplomacy system however is the worst offender. It uses a ridiculous rock-paper-scissor system that makes you feel like it is meaningless to put points into upgrading your diplomatic abilities since the computer cheats at it. Plus you can attempt to skip it  by pressing an option button but makes it completely random whether you win or lose the argument. Now I know they put this in for the co-op to settle disputes between the players but in solo it is pointless and annoying and overall just bad game design.Story: The game's strong point is its humor which is very self aware, tongue in cheek, and even breaks the fourth wall a number of times. Its a game that knows its telling a generic fantasy story. That being said the story is very good and has some very dark themes to it. It also becomes serious in tone at the appropriate moments."
,Recommended,230230,11142497,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Akiba秋葉,"No quest markers is the best thing that this game has. Some people would probably put it among their cons list but I wouldn't. Even when I played Skyrim, I used a mod the simply switched off the compass. In these games, and in order to live the best experience possible, it is always better to indulge yourself in the lore as much as possible. Make yourself one with the game, live the game, make that world yours, only then can you get focused enough to enjoy every bit of it. If you see yourself in what I just said, Divinity: Original Sin is definitely for you.I will say that this game is not for everyone, but I'm pretty sure that every Baldur's Gate fan or Ultima fan would enjoy it. The level of detail in the game is astonishing, you can almost interact with everything in the game. When I first entered Cyseal (the first City) I kinda felt depressed, compared to all the similar games I have played, it felt waaaaaaaaay toooo big, but spending more than 18 hours on the same map didn't feel as depressing, on contrary, I don't want to leave this place at all. The combat is pretty fun and not reptitive. Don't worry about the class you choose, don't waste too much in character creation. If you see my character, he'a a rogue, Assassin, warrior, geomancer, Witchcraft master, and a healer at the same time. There are no limits to the combos you can make in the game. Your infeluence in the game progression is also very impactive, depending on your decisions, conversation choices, alot changes.I wouldn't say that the game is perfect though, I can note a few bugs that are still in the game. For instance, going through an open door can be a real pain sometimes, you would have to close the door first and then reopen it again. Entering building is also not very smooth, have to click very close to the walls or doors to reveal the interiors. Also it would be helpul to have a toggle item reveal control button instead of having to hold ALT to reveal the environment, but let's just add that to it being lore-friendly. last bug I want to note is that sometimes the camera would go very far away, like very zoomed out, and the only way to get it to normal view is to quicksave. That would get you zoomed in and zooming out after that brings it to normal view.Nevertheless I'm very impressed with where we have come, great game, I highly recommend it."
76561198004578521,Recommended,230230,15139042,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Cirion,"Superb game, you will get lost in the world. A huge amount of humour and adventure awaits!"
76561198015343686,Recommended,230230,11141904,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,filmogriter,"OK so I am only 27 hours into this but I really felt the need to thank Larian Studio's for giving me the opportunity to step back into a complex well written RPG. Never since Baldur's Gate have I been able to find what Larian have given us all in an RPG despite my search for this style game. They have got it all right.For lovers of Dungeons and Dragons, the real D&D, the nitty gritty pen and pad gameplay, this is a game you can't go past. The variety of dialogue, the complexity of character interactions, reputation and it's effect on gameplay as well as the well thought out structure of quests is beyond incredible. Enviromental effects and thier effect on your characters stats at any given time promt carteful consideration in every battle and each area you find yourself travelling to. I have not yet scratched the surface of this game and my wife (who owns a copy also) and I sometimes find ourselves lost in this game for hours on end.Negatives? Well, the cooking system seems a little broken at this time, as does the crafting system. Not all aspects mind you, just in some scenarios. I'd love to see that fixed and am confident that a studio that has put this much effort into such a well presented and complex game will not leave these bugs alone for too long.I highly recommend this game to all lovers of RPG and even those who have never ventured into the genre of role play games. Thank you Larian and I look forward to your updates, bug fixes and the massive amount of modding that the future holds for Divinity: Original Sin."
76561198019590749,Recommended,230230,11161472,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Inetro,"Not having played this game for very long. I am writing an early review of what I think of this game so far. I do recommend this game, although I will talk about both what I find good and bad.Divinity: Original Sin has a turn-based combat system. I find this combat style was very well done. It is difficult to choose the wrong place to attack if you are paying attention, and it takes strategy to get through the battles. They certainly are not battles that you want to rush into.However, there is certainly a lot of difficulty early on in Divinity: Original Sin. I currently am Level 3 and Level 3 creatures are very difficult for me. I do rely on my cleric and healing potions a lot to get through them, and even then a party member dies usually. So it is not a game for a casual player who wants to feel above the opposition. Although it is fun, and makes me think I should be more tactical before I turn a corner, and check for enemies.One issue I have is that quests rely heavily on what is in the dialogue between the characters, because the Journal you have does not depict location well at all and there are no markers. An example is searching for a Church of Legionnaires, and I do not know where this Church is and the Journal does not tell me where to go. It gets very confusing with the amount of dialogue you do before you get around to doing the quests.Although, the amazing variety of things to do is awesome. If you explore the first city enough, you manage to find qhat seems to be a second main questline that over-arcs everything. On the surfac, it seems like a lot of fun. A very confusing puzzle to piece togetehr as I play and go through this murder-mystery / source-hunting main quest line. Exploring more into the first main questline also opens up the door to more allies to add to your pack, something that becomes very useful early on due to the difficulty of battles.Divinity: Original Sin after only a few hours seems like such an amazing game. The story is intriguing and catches your interest, and the amount of stories raveled together layered as such makes me want to pour more of my time into it. The combat is fluent and makes you think and act slowly to survive, and when you do level-up it really feels like you have accomplished something.I highly recommend this game if you think you can handle the difficulty and amount of dialogue."
,Recommended,230230,11130405,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,yukfu,Amazing stratgey rpg. I've never played a game like this but I think I found a new gnre that I'll love.
76561198045954955,Recommended,230230,33662520,Posted: 19 July,all,Wanderer,"Divinity: Original Sin is a really interesting take on a turn-based strategy system, with a charming world and some nice storytelling. It does have a lot of clunky features, but I only played the Classic version of the game. It's possible that some of these were fixed in the enhanced edition.Pros:-Diverse strategic and characterisation options for your characters, with some nice banter moments between them.-Really engaging roleplaying system: you can choose whether your playable characters agree or disagree with one another's decisions, which affects their personality trees (and gives stat bonuses),-Charming, expansive open world with some nice story and humorous moment. Don't expect to finish this quickly!Cons:-So, so much RNG dependence. No matter how much you try to strategize, there's so much of this game that boils down to hoping the rolls go okay. Even the roleplaying/storytelling aspect has this horrid fake rock-paper-scissors system that comes into play far too often.-Has an inventory management system that's even worse than early Bioware games. You loot an item, the item gets sorted into one charater's inventory (inventory isn't shared between characters). But you probably need to transfer it to another character with high loremaster skill, so that he can identify the item and what class the item is for, so that he can send it to that character so that you can change to that character for them to equip the item. Ugh. The trading system is also very tedious.-The game doesn't do a very good job of giving you direction. You'll probably find you're heading to areas out of sequence, and hitting enemies that are too strong for your level, but the game won't give you any hint that you're not supposed to be in an area yet, or give you any kind of clue about the route you're 'supposed' to take first. It's just trial and error - will this route lead me to winnable combat? Maybe this one?"
,Recommended,230230,13324359,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Grim Bunny,The Short Version: ****The long Version: ****ing AWESOME!11/10 Must Play!
,Recommended,230230,11280934,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lanaaaaaa,This game is a good oldschool RPG but it's also hard so you should play it because it's great and if you don't you're probably lame
,Recommended,230230,10988993,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MxP83,"Awesome RPG for the classic rpg lovers.  Turn based, with all the environmental stuff to take/give damage.  Sneaking!  You can sneak to get a preemptive attack.  Get this game if you are an old school RPG lover."
,Recommended,230230,10754982,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Taedalus,"*** UPDATED AFTER FIRST PLAYTHROUGH ***To add some information to my original review from the beta:* Combat stays fun throughout the game. Absolutely 11/10!* World design is great as well, diversity throughout the game.* Storytelling is fantastic! You'll have to listen what NPCs are saying and think for yourself as there are no questmarkers and helpers.* Companions are all right, but thats a point where there is room for improvement. The developers said they'll add 2 more companions to the game, we'll see how they are.* Took me 80 hours to finish my first playthrough, and I've skipped a few quests and probably missed quite a few things. There is just a crazy amount of content in this game, and they still managed to make every questline interesting.Overall rating: 95/100There are only some minor things that could be a bit better, overall it's just a great executed game idea. 80 hours of pure entertainment, probably the best game I've played in the last 4 years and definitely the best game this year so far.Unconditional recommendation to buy. Period.*** ORIGINAL REVIEW ***I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale while it was still in beta (about 7 days until official release) and thought ""Ok, I'll just wait for the release and play it then. Well... maybe I'll just check out the first level, just so I can see if it's any good..."".Now, 2 days later, I've got over 20 hours of playtime and I've played as far as possible in the beta. Damn.Seriously, this game is great. Probably one of the best purchases I've ever made on Steam, and actually the first time I'm writing a review for something. And I haven't even tried the Co-Op or the Custom Mods! One of the big Pro's of this game is how much you can play with the environment. Rain, Oil, Fire... there is so much you can conjure to your advantage. You can even make ELECTRIC CLOUDS. How awesome is that?Buy this game if you like:+ Baldurs Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age, DnD or similar+ Freedom of action (seriously, you can do so much creative stuff)+ Deep, immersive fantasy games with an actually great and crazy story+ Challenging turn-based fightsDon't buy this game if you like:- CoD, because you might be overwhelmed- Farmville, because I hate you"
,Recommended,230230,10977271,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shmong,"I have no words for it. This is a good game made by good team. I'm bought it on the earliest beta, and started few times, because of saves incompatibility, but each time the dev team added some features and new ways to play, modifying the map etc... that was an EXPERIENCE. So, i have only positive moments. Of course there was a bugs and critical errors, but now this is the dierrent, and this game for the old school RPG'ists. If you like turn-based, this game is for you.And one more thing comes to mind: I sended e-mail with save games to developers with corruption in it, and they answered. No, not like in forums of big companies but kindly like a friends, it was very nice moment, you know. I've tested many games, but this i will never forget. Thanks for your work, guys."
,Recommended,230230,9555799,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,FixNetcode,"This game definitely feels like it has the potential to be a truly great Turn-Based Tactical RPG.  The Skill combo attacks betwen characters (or potentially the same character in a later turn) is fun to tinker with and expliot the bonus effects.  Likewise countering effects like Burning with Rain instead of a typical ""Cleanse"" or ""Dispell"" ability opens up plays that not only make sense but can come from a unexpected ""Class"".With some time to polish the mechanics of the game and balance things it can meet it's potential.  The current state is actually pretty good but not complete.  From what I've been able to experience things like Skills and itemization could use improvement and with Early Access some Stats and Skills currently do nothing.I have no regrets about throwing my cash down for Early Access to get an opportunity to feel out the game to help me understand the game and Class Skills so that when it does release I can start off with the 2 characters I've tested and want.  I've certainly purchased games that were released that are in a worse state than this current Early Access Alpha."
76561198078978517,Recommended,230230,9633768,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,shadowgamer,"Still in the Alpha stage at this point, the game has it's quirks, and some drawbacks--the camera is not 360 degrees, avatars are a bit rough, character development is hindered by too few skill points, and it is hard to manipulate objects at times (without spoilers).  That said, I love this game.  It has a fun, dynamic Action Point-based combat system (that allows you to bank points), interesting quests, tough opponents (really tough in places), and your decisions in the game influence your character's development.   Charater advancement is wide open after you've chosen your class.  I haven't had this much fun with a game in years and am eagerly awaiting the full release.  How much do I like the game?  I'm replaying the Alpha and look forward to doing so again.  And that's only 15% of the full content of the game.Bottom line:  a good turn-based RPG in Alpha, with promise for a solid full release game"
76561198041886236,Recommended,230230,10088976,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Meowzdower,"Normally I am not one for top-down RPG games however I can honestly say that this is one of the best games that I have ever played. So good in fact, that I have found myself sneaking playtime after work. By far my favorite part of this game is the turn-based combat. I feel that with this style one actually gets to experience the powers and abilities as well as apply them in a strategic manner. This comes in handy especially when taking advantage of environmental effects that can really change the course of a battle. The graphics are very well done and the game looks great for being a beta. The next great thing is the conversations. I love being able to play two different personalities and still advance both. I remember playing NWN and if you had a druid in your party you could not even kill a cow without damaging its alignment much to the anger of druish friends. Every decision you make actually feels like it effects everything else and I love that rush. If you have an RPG itch you need to scratch then this is the title for you. The only issue with the game is that the multiplayer is a bit of a miss with friends only able to play your characters. A simple abilitiy to host a game so each person can play as themself would have been a great idea. However, this fault in no way hurts the true awesomeness of this game."
,Recommended,230230,10088271,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Chad Thundercock,"It's not often I write a review for a game, but after a brief stint I am already willing to simply say YOU NEED THIS GAME. Normally these type of games don't appeal to me but it has everything I want. Exploration, branching choices, choices that have effects, quirky characters, customisation, intuitive and most importantly excellent combat, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I am in love. Even in early access, I am very impressed. Kudos to Larian for this game, I seriously cannot recommend enough.If you like RPGs, fun combat and a damn good game, buy this. Goes to show, triple a titles like Diablo and Mass Effect can learn a great deal from small groups like this. Story telling and great combat. Like seriously, why are you reading this and not playing it."
76561198003072577,Recommended,230230,10088551,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Marou,"I've sunk 44 hours in to Act 1 in the beta, that really says it all.This game harkens back to classics like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, etc.  But with...More humorBetter combatMore options for completing questsThere are still a few bugs here and there, but even if those aren't worked out, it's worth the admission price.  I imagine with mods and the full game I'll end up getting hundreds of hours out of this title, playing co-op with my wife and friends."
76561197976767229,Recommended,230230,11208538,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,E_Bommel,I shot a chicken with a poisioned meteor and the whole market place got angry at me.So we reenacted the fight scene from matrix.I made it rain and then we punched every vendor to death.10/10
76561198038535338,Recommended,230230,10678652,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pwnagedon,A must for anyone who loves top down turn based rpgs.
,Recommended,230230,8851599,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Botty Botsworth,I bought this thinking it'd be a diablo style loot grabber. I was pleasantly surprised when it turned out to be fantasy fallout.
,Recommended,230230,11135295,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Delta,It good.
,Recommended,230230,11297396,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kuspian,"Divinity is a lot of fun. First, a disclaimer: I haven't played Baldur's Gate, the Ultima series, Planescape: Torment, nor have I finished any of the Fallout games. I am not an avid follower of classic RPGs. Upon hearing about Divinity's unique co-op setup, I was suddenly spurred to purchase the $70 digital collector's edition because I wanted to play it with a good friend. This was the first time in 4 years I bought a game at its release price, and I am glad to say that my decision proved bountiful. Divinity is a great game and the developers put a staggering amount of thought into it. It's been an absolute blast playing it co-op and coordinating to execute tactics and tweak builds. I have no regrets."
76561198072604105,Recommended,230230,10642850,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Beast Mastese,"I had my doubts...but they've been all erradicated by actually playing the game. Even in early access, I can clearly see why every fan of old-school RPGs should be playing this game."
76561198009828229,Recommended,230230,11280660,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Dominus,"Did play Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale? If yes, buy this game. If no, buy this game."
76561198006529545,Recommended,230230,11280466,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Smalls,i love this game!
,Recommended,230230,10719040,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lady Alice Von Jiggletits,"The trailers do not lie, this really is an amazing RPG, one of the best I've played. It takes some getting used to due to some mechanics that make complete sense in real life but you just don't expect in a game.This is the RPG gamers deserve AND the one we need right now."
,Recommended,230230,10652927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Foster Monster,"It's a really fun and addicting game. There are a few bugs, as with any early access game. I for one am stuck with one NPC in my party that i can't talk to due to a bug. Its very unrelenting. Even on easy, this game punishes you for playing it. But once you start getting to level 5 and beyond, the game gets easier. All in all, it's a good game and worth the cash. My friend and I will spend hours playing this game. Get it. Give them your moneys!"
76561198075019260,Recommended,230230,8762335,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Necromig,"One of the best RPGs available on PC, period!Careful though, it does not hold your hand. You have to figure stuff by yourself at times, oh noes!Ok story, nice gameplay, awesome atmosphere, good customization, and lots of stuff to explore. I recommend this game hands down to any RPG/tactical PC fan,"
,Recommended,230230,11961103,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Timbra,This Is the greatest CO-OP RPG Game I've ever seen!
76561198006979968,Recommended,230230,10066040,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Rip McFlexington,"This game, warms my heart. So many options and ways to do things, apparently only 1/4 of the game is actually playable at the moment yet I've spent 50+ hrs dabbling around in it. Its still early access so lots of things to fix and tweak. But the small bit I have experienced thus far makes me impatient to see it completed. It brings old RPGs back in a big way.  Lockpicking, traps, secrets, synergetic spells and abilities, I seriously can not wait to play this with a friend."
76561198078572221,Recommended,230230,11534264,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Syberre,"If this game was a woman, I would be to nervous to approach her but she would be really hot."
,Recommended,230230,11097281,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ChaoticBlankness,"Wow.  No hand-holding and still deeply rewarding to play, just tons of freedom.The CRPG has returned?"
,Recommended,230230,24677996,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Thahunter,"A must-have for RPG fans, really! Really fun...And it's difficult."
,Recommended,230230,11108055,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Magrock,"Do you recommend this game? Yes, yes and a million times yes. What a brilliant game. Buy it, right now!"
,Recommended,230230,11174119,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Woh Mama!,Steal all the paintings.
,Recommended,230230,11131838,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DecadantDecay,"Rescued Sea Shell, Dug up grave, found sheep. Stole picture of a pig and sold it to its owner. Lost all sense of time as well, it was morning..Not enough medication to keep me away for my neurotic tendancies or to keep the prespective of time in place. 11/10. Time Travelers beware."
,Recommended,230230,8863049,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SouR PeNi5 M1LK,Its like the future of tabletops.
,Recommended,230230,11103926,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Urist McDorf,"This is the first of URIST'S NITPICKING OF GOOD GAMES (tm), which means two things - I like the game and I care about it enough to focus on the flaws that could be changed in whatever sequel it might have. I think it's worth every penny you'll spend on it, at least if you have a friend to play it with. I haven't played it in single-player, but I can assume it'd lose some of its charm which comes from the co-op experience.Now, on to the ""review"".Tactical combatDon't get me wrong, the combat is amazing, and it's pretty rare you have something so focused on terrain nowadays. But for all the ways you can create terrain, why should there be so little tools to reposition your enemies into it or somewhere closer to/farther from you? So far the only things I've seen are two air school spells, teleport and featherfall, the latter being a poor choice to use on enemies most of the time as it deals no damage on itself. Sure, you can create terrain easily enough if you're a mage, but adding some pulls and pushes would bring more variety to the martial classes that have no elemental magic to handle that, apart from special arrows for the archer that cost a pretty penny.Another rather annoying aspect of the combat is its focus on disabling effects. Almost every time you fight a group of enemies you have a few that will be able to stun, freeze, knock you down or even petrify you. This takes your character out of the combat for two or three rounds (or more if once he's able to act again they just use a disabling attack again) and it poses a real problem for those with the Lone Wolf perk. It pretty much forces you to spend points in willpower (which is the main disable protection), and a non-choice is worse than having no choice, as it traps new players into thinking they can safely ignore the ability and making some levels just ""oh goodie, I now have slightly more resistance to some of the disabling effects"" instead of something exciting like having a larger pool of skills when you level a skill ability.Which brings me to the following:Character advancementNevermind the fact that you can't plan your character in advance the first time you play because there's no chart or anything that shows what you get each level and it doesn't seem to have a specific pattern (I know you get ability points each level, but at which point you start getting two per level? three?). Nevermind the abilities which range from very situational (charisma, lockpicking) to situational (bartering, stealth) to indispensable (willpower) at the same cost. The talents are the main offender. See, they're things that can change the way you play completely. You have Pet Pal, which allows you to talk to animals and, while it doesn't actually change the gameplay for you, it opens a host of new quests and tips. You have Lone Wolf, which makes a four-person party into a three- or even two-person party with the benefit of you having more HP and AP (as well as ability points, but that doesn't scale with level and so it's not as big of a boost as it could be). You have Zombie which is bizarre but can be extremely useful in some circumstances, especially if your mage doesn't want to take water magic for healing.And then you have Politician, which gives 2 charisma (a niche ability which when successful allows you to sometimes go through a quest without a fight I guess?) at the cost of 1 int, restricting it only to non-mages (as attribute points are VERY important). You have Anaconda which adds 10% damage to a specific weapon type, a feat which is accomplished by leveling One-Handed Weapons once (and that adds +10% to all one-handed, not just the maces and such). You have Arrow Recovery which saves you a bit of gold in the long run. You have Escapist which is extremely situational as you usually are able to take an opportunity attack before using the flee button, if there even is an attack. In short, it's a grab bag of game changers and trap choices (though those aren't as plentiful as I've first feared before I actually counted them, there's still a sizeable amount), the latter seemingly thrown in just to give an illusion of variety.TraitsDialogues in D:OS give you points in binary traits, which give small bonuses when in one of the states (for example, if your Vindictive is higher than your Forgiving, you get a bonus to opportunity attacks; though you still have to have the Opportunist talent to make them in the first place, which is a slight problem when you want to roleplay a vindictive character and still have some kind of advantage for it). The problem here is that in a lot of cases the increase is rather illogical and obscure. A tiny spoiler for a side event that happens in the first town you'll enter:Why would sparing an orc's life for information (which is the reason expressed in the dialogue, at least) make you gain Romantic points, even taking into account the fact that the orc being under the effects of a love potion is why it's willing to divulge the info?And things like this happen with alarming frequency, though, thankfully, not all the time.Rogue stuffI'll try to keep this short (and fail at it), as I don't feel right complaining about stealth and pickpocketing in an RPG when so far not a single one has done it right to my knowledge. Basically, stealth in games like these is either useless (when you can skip an encounter sometimes but why would you if that makes you have less XP and thus weaker) or too good (again, skip an encounter and you get the full XP for it while spending much less time and resources and investing in just one skill instead of the plethora you use for combat). D:OS has stealth being useful for getting your rogue into the right position before the encounter starts (which isgreat), but the problem is more with the out-of-combat use of it, and that's stealing. You can basically steal anything that's not nailed down, and it's never marked as ""stolen"" or anything, so you can grab all the paintings in a house then sell them back to their owner with them being none the wiser. It's made even worse in co-op when you can use the other player to root the NPC in place with talking while stealing everything.As you can see, a lot of my NITPICKS (tm) come are about balance and optimal play. It's easy to dismiss those with a ""but we just play to have fun, not spreadsheets"", but when you end up getting a poor choice of a talent or ability and you notice you're less useful than your partner, it grows on you and in the end you might stop actually having fun. Working more on balance solves those issues and makes for a smoother experience for those who just want to play and have fun. I hope the developers realise at least some of their mistakes and are working on rectifying them for the next time, and I'm looking forward to it. As I've said, I love the game and I think that despite its flaws it's very fun and worth a try if you and a friend like RPGs even the tiniest bit."
76561197969538123,Recommended,230230,11093947,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Vin Unleaded,"64 hours in and haven't beaten the game yet. 64 hours, everyone of them in pure bliss. The game brings me back to the days of Baldurs Gate when quests made you use your intellect and solve riddles or puzzles. The quest are enjoyable and the class system has been much improved since early access. There is a literring of pop culture references and fun characters to meet from exploring the world. There are some minor gripes with mechanics that can cause some frustration but I eventually got used to them and can easily work around them. The crafting system is great and trying out new things has rewarded me with interesting weapons/armor. I have been playing everything in multiplayer with a friend and the conversations have created many funny situations where playing rock paper scissors has changed the outcome of our quests. Eventually I will play through as a purely single-player experience and I'm looking forward to a different experience."
,Recommended,230230,11554842,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Freelancer,"I can go ahead and give you spoilers for this review and tell you right now that almost everything you are going to hear is that this game is absolutely fantastic. Divinity Original Sin is a game made by Larian Studios and was funded thanks to kickstarter. It is one of the first isometric (Camera angle) RPGs to come out this year (Wasteland 2 and Pillars of Enternity due out later) and it is a fantastic start to a return to the classic rpg. Divinity absolutely lives up to the history before it from the likes of Balder's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Fallout and Icewind Dale.As mentioned before, Divinity Original Sin is an Isometric RPG that combines the action RPG elements of free roaming and turn based combat like that of D&D, Dungeon and Dragons. All stats have an impact on how you fight during combat. Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence, etc. all are your character's major stats that can influence how powerful and accurate your attacks are or how tough or evasive your defense can be. There are 11 starting classes including battlemage, cleric, fighter, rogue and wizard but that isn't to say you can't put points into whichever stat you want without penalty. The starting classes are just a suggested set of skills, attributes and armor for each one and you can change it to accommodate how you want to play. Do you want an Archer that can also cast fire spells? Sure you can have that. Do you want a Rogue that can sneak behind an enemy and then freeze them with frost touch or perhaps hit them hard with a battleaxe? Absolutely. The class combinations are endless and that is the first of many specializations to how you want to play the game.As stated, combat is turn based which rules initiative into a roll that allows for who starts when; some enemies will start first regardless of initiative because of story but we won't get into that. This means that you could, with a high enough initiative eliminate half the enemies before they even begin their turn. However the battles can be ruthless as the enemies, in most cases, are the same or higher level than you and can be just as deadly. Thus meaning you need to use strategy and just about all your spells/abilities at your disposal. For example, you are fighting some knights/warriors and an archer is up on the hill attacking you from above. Well a good way to get him down is to have your mage teleport him to your melee characters or perhaps throw your teleport cube (something special to divinity that I won't get to deep into) and teleport your party up there. There are many ways to deal with different enemies but this game requires you to use strategy a lot during your battles.Divinity absolutely does not hand hold whatsoever. Besides the starting tutorial dungeon that is completely optional, there is no instructions on how to play or what to do. In order to figure out quests you need to read your journal logs and dialogue among npc's and try to discern what to do next. Sometimes it is pretty obvious sometimes it is entirely difficult. On top of that you are not restricted to where you need to go. You can do quests way out of your level or you can save quests for later and come back and obliterate enemies once you are a higher level. There is no restriction on what you can do which makes it a ton of fun to figure out where you need to go and what you need to do. I could praise some of the features of this game for pages but unfortunately I'll let you watch some of our gameplay footage that we have of us playing to see more.The game doesn't just stop at gameplay and call it a night. No the story is also fantastic and takes a lot of the elements of plot devices to progress the story for you to find out who your characters are and why the events of the world are happening. It starts with your two characters who are Source Hunters that are on a quest to find out why a chancellor was murdered and by who. Source Hunters are warriors that find people using Source, an ancient dark magic, and to eliminate them. As the game progresses you slowly discovered the origins of Source and that it wasn't always a Dark power. A guardian of the forest Astarte was convinced by her friend to distract the Guardians guarding the God Box and open it. Once she opened it she realized what she had done and let out the Void Dragon which desired to send the entire world to oblivion. Immediately she trapped the Void Dragon in another dimension and source became corrupt. Your characters are tasked with the job to find out who they once where and how to stop those who use Source for corruptible means.The whole world of Rivellon is a rich world with lots of content and character. Most NPCs have some sort of story or quest and there are books with lore everywhere in the world. Most side quests are a little silly but a lot of them are fresh and great quests to go on. Some in fact are very well hidden and you must have certain abilities to be able to come across these quests. For example, in the King Krab Inn in Cyseal, there is a cat. You must have the “pet pal” ability in order to talk to him however he confesses his love for another cat in the city but the other cat won't love him back because she fears he won't be able to have kittens with him or some such. Well eventually you find a jewel collar to give to him and the female cat because infatuated with him. After you complete the quest even your characters mention how shallow the female cat was just because the male cat got a nice collar.Divinity is a very beautiful game with great visuals and a very aesthetically pleasing world. Each area is unique from the plains and beaches of Cyseal, to the forests and mines of Lucalla to the swamps and dungeons of Phantom Forest. Each area is unique and has plenty of items all over. Now it isn't the prettiest game out on the market however it is the best looking RPG to date. The music and sound is pretty well done as well. The music, though sometimes repetitive, is pretty catchy and I found no complaints with the voice actors themselves when they had their few lines throughout the game. My only complaint was during a small part in the market of Cyseal the NPCs would repeat their same lines over and over again every minute and could get pretty annoying. However that is a very small complaint on an amazing game.I don't typically talk about re-playability, just usually give a score on it, however I would feel remiss in not mentioning it. Divinity has what I feel is an almost infinite re-playability. Along with the campaign that already has multiple paths during play and multiple classes and skills you can choose from; the devs over at Larian also included a powerful RPG editor that allows anyone to make their own campaign and submit it to the steam workshop for others to play. This allows for anyone that has an idea for a story to submit it to world to be able to play. On top of that there are also full mod tools that allow people to make mods such as a higher difficulty mod, 4 player co-op mod and the ability to add other items, skills and worlds to this already great game.Overall this game is fantastic and is definitely one to remember for years. From the gameplay that returns to the classics, to great visuals, story and re-playability it is a game that is a must have if you are a gamer that loves story driven games with great gameplay.Story – 100Gameplay – 95Graphics – 90Sound – 85Fun – 100Replay Value - 100"
,Recommended,230230,16064000,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Coffee,"I really, really enjoyed this game. I love the environment art and the world look in general. Plenty of quests and there is a lot of story to it. I did more reading the first time through and at times sure it seemed like a lot, but I was glad I did. If I had paid a little more attention I may have done a little better my first playthrough.I really liked the open world feel that rolls pretty smoothly into turn based combat. All the different ways to win fights is incredible. If you master the elements, use choke points, crowd control, summon elementals, and use shields effectively you can win almost any battle. Early on I found myself picking off an enemy, retreating,, and then rinse and repeat. It's a nice option if you aren't that great. Battles are winnable without retreating but sometimes you really have to be crafty to pull them out without retreating.The ranger is an incredibly fun class. Mage was good too. Melee was about as good as melee can get. The cool part about this game is you can make hybrid characters. If you are diligent in getting as much xp as possible you can have your main skill and a secondary one at a medium to high level. I highly recommend a second playthough to try out classes you didn't get to. There was a ton of stuff I never tried in my first run.If you don't have any patience this game isn't for you. If you have OCD this game IS for you, but you must be OCD with patience :DMy second play through I was able to grab my brother in law to co op with me. Since I knew the story and basically where to go and how to progress I'm able to keep it moving along for him. We are playing through on hard. It's actually easier to me than normal. You have to really work together and care about your buddies character as much as yourself. In our run I got even better at using the elements and my brother picked up at a decent pace so we work pretty good together. Progress is slow because he gets tired easy on the slower moving games. but he keeps coming back for more!For the achievement guys, this game is pretty cool too. Use a guide(seriously no shame in it) because steam only lists like 10 of the 80ish achievements. In short go through it as a good guy the 1st run. Then you can be more nefarious and evil the 2nd time through. I'm just about to 100 percent on this game. It's been a good ride.Crafting is fairly extensive, that's great! Blacksmithing makes you good money but a little lacking in depth, useful but not super interesting. Also recommend a crafting guide. The way you combine stuff isn't my favorite but it gets the job done.Overall a full, rich, and in my opinion bug free. I only had 1 bug my whole play through and that was my character having no limbs or head after being resurrected. Just a floating torso LOL! That was pretty funny though. Hope this helps you if you are on the edge about it."
,Recommended,230230,14315225,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,Great story in a true tactical RPG. 9/10Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/08/04/review-divinity-original-sin/
76561198026912876,Recommended,230230,13062578,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ripfin,Best way to describe this is mostly this game is like neverwinter nights 2 add the detail of ultima and some of its UI there you go you have divinity Orignal sin. i am so thankfull this is like neverwinter so few games like it anymore.
,Recommended,230230,17575398,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Clever Username,I bought this because it looked like Torchlight ii.This is nothing like Torchlight ii.It's better.
76561198025125085,Recommended,230230,11684325,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tyrathion,I stole smelly panties and wore them while I sent their previous owner to prison for a crime she didn't commit.Five ducks out of three mallards.
76561197989057385,Recommended,230230,13495618,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,McBoomy,"This game is so good, I set down for a break from my homework and found out that the break took for 8 hours of non stop gaming.I had about 38 hours of play in about 2.5 days!had to uninstall it. can't have myself fail the upcoming test...if you have the time and you love RPGs then this a must have."
76561198047225280,Recommended,230230,8821408,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ibberloki,love it *-*
76561197961174557,Recommended,230230,9729734,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ApatheticOne,"Its good, play it damnit."
,Recommended,230230,10043968,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,ice,"This game is going to be awesome.  I rate it as ""Must-Have""."
,Recommended,230230,11020400,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zyeox,"I have to be honest I am in love with this game put in 24 hours already and I have yet to scratch the surface on the main town. This game is one of those games that keeps you coming back for more. I also love the combat, it feels so rewarding and fun. There are times were I am itching to find any mob to fight as it is that fun. This game does not hand hold and you need to pay attention but once you find the answer it makes the journey to the solution so much better. The customization of your hero's are also great. I am playing a Rogue and Ranger and loving every bit. But I can't wait to start a different game later with different set of main hero's.I highley recommend this game to any RPG fan. The story is great and captivating and you can't wait to find out what is going to happen next. The world is huge being I am in the beginning area and it has taken me over 24 hours and I am still not finished with it.The game also has co-op gameplay. I have yet to play it co-op but from what I heard it is great. There are some problems with talking to NPC's and other NPC's talking over them or making the text screen scroll too fast. This is something I figured can be fixed in a patch and from what other's have said is not too game breaking.I have yet to find anything that I can say negative about it. Once I do I will re-do my review.But if you like Torment, BG 1 & 2, Icewind Dale, Fallout 1 @ 2, XCOM to just name a few you will love this game.Buy it and play it."
,Recommended,230230,8758272,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mr. Wolf,"D:OS is really fun and it shows a lot of potential.The combat system is fun and interesting. The turn-based system actually dosen't halt the game in any way.And the conversation system really kicks♥♥♥♥♥However, I found myself getting lost a lot. The map is confusing, and the quest markers don't always show up.But it is still alpha, so that is to be expected.Super fun, go buy it!-Wolf"
76561197998730867,Recommended,230230,8763274,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,アンディ,"After just 1 Hour playing i would say this can be a great game soon!I can recomment to try it, if you played already other games of the Dev and you liked them you will enjoy this game!For sure lot of things not yet working but its a Alpha so far its ok for the moment.Movement, controlling, fighting and interacting works smooth."
76561198001938262,Recommended,230230,13021505,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zeabz,"An amazing almost nostalgic RPG experience. It fails to deliver on certain aspects of story and character development, but offers a lot of unique features that enhance the isometric gameplay experience and bring it into the next decade of gaming. Bottom line; It does a great job in breathing new life in to a classic gameplay style that keeps players entertained and immersed in the dynamic environments.  I rate it a 8/10"
,Recommended,230230,9746983,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,KillerKanka,Making two cats happy together. Best lovestory 2014. 10\10
,Recommended,230230,9343294,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,boacul,"The first RPG in a long time (count the first Witcher in) that made me feel excited in my stomach. 50 hours of gameplay in a medieval-inspired, fantasy setting, with things to loot, combat and also side quests, but also weather that I actually believe to be real (in terms of the game, of couse).The story becomes personal despite what it may seem like at the beginning. You can craft, mine, digg, explore dungeons and wast living cities. The combat is challenging at times, but rewarding too, and the game is nonlinear enough so that you can be only as moral as you please."
76561197970221963,Recommended,230230,9245160,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,jasonsdominion,Recommended.I have personally enjoyed completing all of the available game content. I think the turn based content is great especially when you start learning who to fully utilise your characters skills. I chose a ranger for the main character and initial sneak attacks can really thin out enemies. I like that your party can be also affected by their own spells such as slipping over on ice. The combat should get even better with additional development and feedback.I only experienced 2 crashes in my 16 hours of play (I have only played the build 1.0.147). I didn't noticably lose any inventory item or progress.There are possilbly some minor broken quest paths but my experience could be due to some of my initial choices blocking off certain pathways.The main issue that I had was more of an annoyance in that I couldn't teleport my whole party through Waypoint Shrines but had to use them 1 party member at a time.I would personally play this game with some bugs than a lot of the garbage RPGs that big developers have released over the last several years. I personally don't care about the lack of voice acting as half the time I skip it and just read the dialogue anyway.If you're willing to put up with some bugs and only a small portion of the whole game at the moments Divinity Original Sin is highly recommended. Otherwise wait for the final release and support developers who are making games with real gameplay not just pretty graphics and dumbed down gameplay.
76561198026786274,Recommended,230230,8769452,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Seigensi,"Epic game, even addictive in the alpha stage, can't wait for future updates and it's eventual completion."
,Recommended,230230,9751359,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Milky,"When I purchased the game I wasnt able to play very well (Alpha was not yet optimized for my lower end computer) but with beta, my god it is just.. larian studios have out done themselves even my computer now runs the game wonderfully. Divinity Original sin is beautifully designed, the use of scrolls/spells to navigate the puzzles and hazards adds lots of depth to your character and how he/she explores the world.Larian studios will give you the most enjoyable and difficult dungeon exploring, evil boss slaying, puzzley puzzles and loot hunting you could possibley handle. Larians exploration in turn-based combat has been unparalleled, the seemless transition from free roaming to turn based combat lets the player think carefully during each fight.At 40 dollars, it is an absolute bargain in my opinion, anyone who considers themselves a fan of RPGs MUST own this game, you will not regret it.**Edit - Save often =.="
,Recommended,230230,9975924,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,twitch.tv/renewableenergy,Two types of people who will buy this game.  Those that complain they can't find out how to do anything like so many new age RPG's where you are spoon-fed and those that will explore and be absorbed in this beautifully made RPG that has an oldschool feel with some modern upgrades.10/10
76561198037862594,Recommended,230230,12421834,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Nethyrzhil,"""Storytelling"" and ""Strategic Screw Ups"" This game emphasizes romhack hard mixed with painful decision making, its best to play this game Co-op with up to 1-3 other friends. There are alot of puzzles and places that would force you to start over  if you didn't do something right, there is freedom however which allows you to choose a path of a psychotic demon who just wants to watch the world burn or that of a fluffy bunny who wants to hug anything.--GOOD POINTS:>Storytelling>Good Party Management System>Good Lvling System>Hilarious Dialogue>Forcing the use of your brain.--BAD POINTS:>Obnoxious puzzles and quest lines that force you to revert to a previous save if you screw up a Rock/Paper/Scissors roll.>70% Of the time your backtracking and 30% your going forward only to learn you need to go back.>Perception System is broken unless you play Rogue or Sorcerer, the Perception checks don't function properly until you have +5 Sight/Hearing and 11+ Perception.>NPC Mercenaries are obnoxious and every time you hurt them out of combat; they try to abandon you, I felt like incinerating Madora every time she told me ""OY!!! WATCH WHO YAH TARGETIN"">Limited Voice Actor Failure. There is only 6 Voice Actors for Neutral NPCs and 29 for Hostile.>Puzzles and Quest Items are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and take the intelligence of someone who bought the strategy guide to find them.>Boreas the lord of winter and ice is immune to fire.>Highly Exploitable Luck System"
,Recommended,230230,14380082,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AfroJedii,"Divinity is pretty fun. Has a much slower pace than Diablo III because of the turn-based combat. The story and lore of the game is surprisingly good. Conversations are not all VO which is a negative for me, I prefer not to feel like I'm reading a novel when I'm gaming, but some don't mind that aspect. This is an 'old school' RPG through and through. This is one of those games where you will get the most enjoyment if played with a friend."
76561198039226879,Recommended,230230,9920604,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Skyggen,Yes. this is it. I am playing and playing.
,Recommended,230230,8780590,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Freesoul,"After a few hours in the Alpha build I just love this game. Kinda the RPG I was waiting for, oldschool turn base but with deep gameplay and nowadays graphics.If you liked Baldur's gate, Icewind Dale, you will love it too :)"
,Recommended,230230,8762571,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,StitchJones,"I am very happy with what I have played so far.  This takes the entertain elements of Divinity II.  Adds the Isometric quality of Sacred 2 and Diablo 2, and converts and updates the combat into 'turn based' like Baldurs Gate II.  Mixing all of these peices together.  And you have a total AMAZING fan service to fans.  If you are on the fence about this title but have played an enjoyed any of the above games I mentioned.  Than you owe it to yourself to pick up this game."
,Recommended,230230,8758251,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Daddy_Senpai,amazing game!!!!
,Recommended,230230,11584956,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Crusty,"Divinity: Original Sin is an abstract treatise by Larian Studios on the Christian concept of Original Sin (the game title is a dead give away, folks). It offers a subtle but powerful commentary on the metaphysical implications of Original Sin, the Soul and Free Will. It sheds light on the subject matter in a manner that would make St. Augustine proud.Ultimately, Larian comes to the conclusion that Eve was pretty good at rock, paper, scissors."
76561197971194993,Recommended,230230,12195814,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nrvnqsr Chaos,A cat gave me an epic quest 10/10
,Recommended,230230,11292514,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Okay!,The best cat dating simulator on steam!
,Recommended,230230,11308188,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kvenna,"This game is the closest to a pen and paper RPG I have ever played. Give it a chance, the hype is incredibly accurate."
76561197989538783,Recommended,230230,11327091,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Nytelock,One of the best cRPG type games I have played since Balders Gate. The game has alot of depth and the tactical combat specifically how magic affects the enviroment is awesome.
76561198039261240,Recommended,230230,11327531,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,cerberus3326,"This game is great, scratches that RPG itch i've been having for a long time since Skyrim"
,Recommended,230230,11328229,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,xsmasher,"This game is the best RPG I've played in years. Forget action-clickers like Diablo; this is the real thing, full of quests and conversations and skills and equipment. It's a Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter in shiny new skin."
76561198009545366,Recommended,230230,11344534,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,PANDA,Awesome game. Good old RPG somewhat similar to Divine Divinity.
,Recommended,230230,11297061,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,zifnab_dr,"Only played a few hours, but I am really enjoying this. Its new with graphics and art, but its old in the way it doesn't hold your hand. You have to go slow, explore the town, talk to everyone to find quests or clues. Going in the wrong direction will kill you quickly.The game mechanics are great in that they let you play with them. You can create your own combos mixing elements for interesting results. Make a rain storm and freeze an armored warrior for a few turns, then shock an archer with lightening (extra damage cause of being wet) and then he gets stunned for a turn!"
,Recommended,230230,11085572,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,In the Gyrocopter Over the Sea,This is a very fun old school RPG that reminds me of Baldur's Gate in a good way.  There are some definite annoyances and UI issues but it's also absolutely massive and a real testament to kickstarter/early access' workability.
76561198059900578,Recommended,230230,11088519,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Artive,"Baulder's Gate mixed in with turn based rpg fun. There is a ""surface"" system, where the ground can be covered in various substances (oil, water, blood, fire, poison etc.) and they each react to different elements. So cast a spell to place oil around your enemies then light it up with a fireball for massive damage. Classless, chose and build your characters however you want. Co-Op is available through steam (steam integration ftw!), LAN or direct connect.The game starts off rather badly paced, but picks up greatly. One of the best games I've played in a while."
76561197971259720,Recommended,230230,11382214,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,fernandez.amiel,"Incredibly deep RPG that harkens back to the time of Baldur's Gate and yet also has environmental effects that expand on the the strategic formula.   As others have said, this is not an easy game and next steps are not always obvious ... you will die often.  Just probably not as much as Dark Souls."
76561198030887751,Recommended,230230,11379400,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Agresivo,Best classic RPG I played recently. Quite polished and interesting story suck you into it since the beginning.
76561198041631979,Recommended,230230,11242384,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,IceZcor,"this game is crazy cool, i wish there was some better hair styles but who cares about the small things when you got all the other customization at your hands? a tougher game to get going but once you learn you have to read and double check rooms once in awhile its a blast. Plus combat is strategic and fun to watch! i only wish there was 4 player co-op so i could play it with all my friends and discuss combat tactics and roles while in a game with them. This game is great im glad they pulled it off"
76561198036732474,Recommended,230230,11194839,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,abetow2531,If you like old school RPG style and tactical combat then this is the game for you!!!  I think this game is awesome.  It caught my attention right from the start!  Larion Studios you did an excellent job and you should get Best RPG Game of the year!!!!  This is well worth the money and you won't be disappointed.
76561198059938168,Recommended,230230,11218204,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Allan_Enraged,"Me and my buddy were roleplaying some coop. We were investigating a murder which led us to the graveyard. After spontaneously digging up some graves looking for loot, we stumbled upon a secret cavern. We entered the cavern with big round eyes searching for hidden treasure. The cavern was a large hallway which led to an open cavern with a flowing stream. Standing between us and the winding stream was a hunchback. I approached boldy and shouted my salutations. Within a few feet of the figure, he burst into flames. He then looked up at me, his skeletal grin and empty sockets mocking me. Surprised i stumbled backwards. My partner shouted something incoherent and cast teleportation on the skeleton freak. The freak appeared several yards away near the top of the cavern before falling unceremoniously back to the ground. By the time he hit the ground i was already invisible. I creeped over to him as he stood back up. I then noticed a large flaming mechanism in his hand. I ignored this and slipped behind him. I then slid my daggers into his fiery back with a shout of fury. The skeletons head twisted completely around and grinned at me. I let out a shriek as my daggers melted and fire spread up my arms. The fire spread to my torso before i felt the heat. I couldn't help myelf, i screamed bloody murder as i ran in the opposite direction of the stream. I made it nearly a dozen feet before i crumpled to the ground and groaned as i felt my penultimate sigh leave my body as a small puff of steam. My partner screamed in agony as she saw me die. In a manner of rage she charged forward and cast spells at the fiery figure. She took a step out into the clearing and her eyes widened as several skeleton hands forced themselves out of the earth. Soon followed by the bodies of the undead. She stood surrounded by these grinning figures as the fiery figure slowly stalked closer to her. In a rage unrivaled by heroes of old she swung daggers and slung spells untill all were bonepiles except for the fiery abomination. Still grinning, it lifted the mechanism and pointed it at her. A fiery stream protruded from it and she was momentarily engulfed, using her quick wit she throws herself to the ground and rolls. As she stands back up with scraps of burnt clothing remaining, she notices she dropped her pack. From it protrudes a scroll. ""The resurection scroll we knicked from the wizard!"" She leaps forward and grabs it, still lying on the ground as she recites the incantation. She is already on her feet by the time I am lifted off the ground by some invisible force. My burns diseappear and i land on my feet running toward the flaming skeleton. He aims his mechanism and i slide across the ground underneath him as the flames shoot above me. At the same time my partner is knocking a water arrow and shoots it. It strikes the skeleton in the face, water engulfing it. Steam rises as i do, and i plunge what is left of my daggers into its back. I twist the handles and pull out rapidly, the skeleton lets out a cry and explodes in an inferno. I am disintegrated instantly and my partner's skin melts from the extreme heat. As she slumps to her knees, she hears a faint sound from the stream. The water is gurgling, but it almost sounds like a laugh. She lands on her side and wonders if things would have been different if she had only married the fishmonger her mother was so keen on. Oh, why did she have to live a life of adventure? 11/10"
76561197963031780,Recommended,230230,11128056,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dark Trojan,"A very great RPG with turn style based game play and a lot of freedom, stealing from friends and foes to recruiting team members for your party and also asking them to leave to pick up new ones, to not being able to resurrect your party because you decided to have a battle you couldn't win and having to find your way through the game through picking the winning mini boss battles to explore more of the realm. Also a great story line, I like searching through the graveyard for a missing body and seeing what the undead is up to in the clock towers, also due to my decisions my team member had to leave not liking my choice to use ""devil"" Orc magic and saving at timely moments just in case your last decisions may have been the wrong one you have a very in-depth game play. A negative to this game is the constant updates every day there are 1 to a max of 4 updates, but I think it can only get better from where I am."
,Recommended,230230,11128889,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,original_skin,Brilliant RPG that feels like an updated Baldur's Gate II or Ultima VII.It is huge for an independently published game (57 hours and I'm not even half way through yet) and the combat is pretty much perfect. Leveling up rate and difficulty is excellent and the elemental combination strategy is awesome.Highly recommended for fans of golden age isometric RPGs.
,Recommended,230230,11133246,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jun,"Refreshing to see a game that shares a lot of similarities from 90's RPG titles with some modern mechanics. This game won't hold your hand throughout the story unlike some modern titles. Great character customization, artwork, voice acting, quests, etc.It's challenging without being overbearing. If you're a fan of older titles like Baldur's Gate, Fallout or Ultima you should enjoy this."
76561198013533343,Recommended,230230,11150080,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Draygn,"This is a great game, i am several hours in and loving it. The combination of elements works really well and there are plenty of things in the environment to take advantage of, like pools of water and oil barrels. the only thing i think would put people off playing the game is the amount of dialog to read, personally though i think the dialog is worth reading as it is well written and funny.The action point system for the turn based combat means the combat flows nicely and players can take their time and strategise or dive right in for a faster pace.The co-op system works by inviting through steam shift+tab system and you can invite a friend from the character creation screen, as long as they have made a profile on the game. If your friend drops out you can continue the game gaining control over their character and your frind and drop back in at any time."
76561197965050957,Recommended,230230,11156256,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Bighungryjo,Great RPG!  A few rough edges but overall a lot of fun.
,Recommended,230230,11172332,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,👳Omicron👳,"It's like Divine Divinity, but turn-based.I love it."
76561197961678584,Recommended,230230,11192797,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bizzmo,"I have to say this game TOTALLY went beyond my expectations... It has a good crafting system, awesome quests and just frigging EPIC storyline. Never had a dull moment playing this game. May be that I'm an old RPG fanatic from the good old Ultima, EOB etc games but if you want a game with a deep and rich storyline, cool battles and fun crafting this game is for you. They've really merged classic RPG with modern elements perfectly. Only thing missing is a fishingpole to go fishing :P"
76561198013728428,Recommended,230230,11193790,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Brigador,A very competent old school RPG with turn based tactical combat. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,230230,11199752,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Cenotaph,"I have now spent quite a few hours with this game, and I love it to bits.It is what games used to be like. You are not an awesome god who can roll through everything just mashing buttons and looking awesome while mashing said buttons. (you can still look awesome, just takes a bit longer)And the Fortune teller who shows you how it all ends. Loved that part."
76561198043725182,Recommended,230230,11201891,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ozmiz,"As a veteran player of RPG games, I first purchased Divinity: Original Sin with a 'Ho-Hum' attitude.Looked like the sort of game where I had been there, done that, got a closet full of those tee-shirts.Wow, was I wrong.First mistake I made was customizing my characters via character creation without understanding the game. Wasted a few hours playing them to finally realize that I had nerfed myself badly with characters that had no synergy, duplicate skills, or spells. This game will not hold your hand and will gleefully let you make all the assinine mistakes you wish.I have not been stuck in an rpg game for years. Most of the time you go in knowing what to expect; Divinity: Original Sin throws all of those ideals out the window. You can fry, electrocute, burn, poison, and otherwise main and kill your own party members, pick all the wrong skills, spells and talents, and etc.The combat at first was brutal and advancement was difficult. In each fight, one or more members of my party died and had to be ressurected, with each battle barely won by the skin of my teeth.Now for the good news. After you go to school, take your lumps and learn your lessons. You can start over again with a new party that is better and more thoughtfully created.Then you will find that those hard battles before are actually very winnable, using a synergy oriented party, better tactics, taking into account the terrain, the surronding elements and objects that you can use to your advantage.You learn to ask, ""Will blowing up that barrel of flammable liquid, be a better use of my spell that targeting that Orc?"", or ""Will moving this crate, or teleporting that object (or the enemy) change the dynamics of the battle?""Speaking of combat, you will do yourself no favors assuming the A.I. is going to act in a predictable manner. Even restarting a save after having your behind handed to you, and going back to try again doesn't mean the battle will act out like the previous battle did. The A.I. does a great job of using the enviroment as well, targetting the right people at the right time, acting in harmony, and otherwise being a down right pain in the unmentionable.Divinity: Original Sin also has some great moments that makes the game world feel real and connected. You may read a sign in one town, and then met someone in the wilderness who's story or actions connect to that obscure sign back in town. You may overhear a conversation in a tavern, and then find something in a dungeon or some remote spot, that makes you remember what you overheard.Additionally, Divinity: Original Sin supports Multi-Player. However that is a mixed bag and I have mixed feelings on it. For example, its a minor gripe that I can't make my own character, that is multi-player only and level it up through joining other peoples games.Also, not Larian's fault, but I have seldom joined a game that 'worked'. What I mean by worked is, they are either AFK, kick you as soon as you join (??), or I have had a time or two, where just because you didn't play as they would play the character, they would kick you (and I consider myself to be a decent player that uses forethought and tactics).In other words, if your doing Multi-player, stick with doing it with friends or otherwise don't expect much, because it's just not going to happen from 90% of the experiences I have had.Pros:Lots of humorous moments both in the game and in dialogue.Character banter and interaction that makes for great roleplaying.Challenging difficulty in battles that is actually refreshing and forces you to think.Character Creation that lets you customize to your hearts content.Sufficent Classes you can choose from, or custom create a hybrid of your own.Great and interesting Talents to choose from.Lots of content.Many Elements and Spells, to satisfy even the most demanding Casters.Reputation System that lets you be as good or as bad as you want to be.Be a hero, be an Assassin, or be a Harbinger of Doom to foe and citizen alike. Nothing is off limits or unkillable.Fast response on bug fixes, updates and patchesMod support (Nothing out there yet, but the game is very new)Multi-Player Support.Cons:Doesn't hold your hand anywhere at anytimeYou have to learn some of Divinity's obscure game mechanics on your own (odd but I consider that a plus also).Difficulty can be challenging and a player can waste hours building a party that just will not work.Occassional bug has been stumbled upon, so far nothing game stopping.The inventory management could be a tad better (such as limited sorting, stacking, etc).Multi-Player support (joining works, but no character of your own, so no feeling of investement, and no real motivation)Conclussion:I recommend Divinity: Original Sin whole-heartedly. If someone is new to RPGs, it may be a baptism by fire, but this could be the game that is one of the rare cross-overs, people will play even if they are not typically RPG inclined.If anyone is into RPGs, it will be in your gaming libary eventually, if it's not already."
,Recommended,230230,11381932,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tarby,"If you enjoy ""properrpg games you'll love this!Hope it sells well enough to spawn a sequel and possibly similar styled games from other big game companies. (Looks at EA and the devolution of the Dragon Age and Mass Effect games)"
76561197991968165,Recommended,230230,11377794,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Louscious,An amazing take on the old school RPG. If you loved Baldur's Gate or the old SSI 'Gold Box' games you should enjoy this one immensely! I hope the moding community gets involved heavily as there is a lot of potential for 'modules' and other mods.
76561197961076861,Recommended,230230,11158492,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Kaz,Best cRPG in ages.. if you want a deep tactical RPG look no further. Divinity Original Sin is a breath of fresh air in this era of gaming- bringing back many of the features that made the old school Baldur's Gate and Planetscape so damn good. Hopefully this will be the start of a new era of RPGs..
76561197970563482,Recommended,230230,11182787,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[IP]Methyr,Must buy if you were a fan of Baldurs Gate games.  Brings the genre back brilliantly with a number of novel twists.
76561197986734298,Recommended,230230,11218518,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,owlbeak,"While I have only played 13 hours of Divinity: Original Sin, I have played enough to tell you that you need to play it. Why, you ask?Because games are not made like this anymore.  Divinity: Original Sin harkens back to the great CRPGs of the 1990s in style, writing, and gameplay mechanics. The game plays like Baldur's Gate had a sultry affair with Ultima VII and produced a glorious hammer wielding child.Here's a checklist:- Very well written dialogue with laugh out loud humor and wit? Check!- Turn based, tactical combat with real depth and strategy? Check!- No god damned hand-holding every step of the way, treating you like a baby? Check!- INTERESTING quests that make you actually use your brain to figure out how to progress? Check!- Lovingly crafted artwork and graphics that work very well with the setting? Check!- Up to 4 characters in your party? Check!- Ability to role play diaglogue between people in your party, which includes having arguments that affect stats on your character? (Think paragon/renegade stuff from Mass Effect, except in this game it actually increases/decreases an array of stats) Check!- Crafting that is incredibly practical; need a spear? Grab a stick and a dagger or knife and voila! Check!The game is as close to a pen and paper RPG as I've ever played. I could go on for days about this game, but you have to try it. Give Larian $40, they surely deserve it. Again, I've only played 13 hours, but they have been incredily engrossing and enjoyable. I cannot wait to continue delving deeper into this game!"
,Recommended,230230,11245859,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sir Danalot of Awesome,There is a reason that this game has been the top seller fo ra while now. Buy it. Go. Now.
76561198012072762,Recommended,230230,11247643,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Scar,Buy it. Now.
76561198010743976,Recommended,230230,11240091,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Sheffy,The most recent D&D type game i have ever played anyone that likes useing spells in other ways then just attacking this is the game for you.
76561198036214866,Recommended,230230,11881735,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Munchiez (Jev),This game is pretty awesome so far!
76561198014574083,Recommended,230230,11928420,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Hyj4ck,"This game is overall good but i found that the combat was the most enjoyable part and there was too much flavour text for the Quests.The setting is bad and that is being kind and it is only explained to you by dozens of pararaphs of flavour text.There are many bugs that allow easily to exploit functions such as the jail.To break out of jail get the follower Jahan and have him teleport a guard into the cell and fight him, then hit the flee button and it will teleport you out of jail.This is easily exploited and has no consequences whatsoever.The combat is fun however but is poorly scaled, i say this because you struggle to fight enemies one or two levels higher than you and this makes exploring a chore.The enemies that are your level seem easy unless in large numbers and in that case it is difficult to spread out damage and the screen soon gets crowded.You actions in quests feel like they have no effect whatsoever and its just a constant level grind to fight new an harder enemies.The combat however is very tactical as its difficulty makes it very easy to make mistakes and the way you need to imply strategy and use the enviroment to your advantage makes the combat feel different from that of other games and unique and this is the best part of the game for me.Although this review seems very negative I would still recommend the game to anyone who likes the RPG genre and enjoyed old RPGs like Baldurs gate, Ice Wind dale and Neverwinter as it is similar to these game in its style and combat system but with a whole new world to explore and modern day graphics.I hope this review has been helpful and will aid your decision in purchasing this game."
,Recommended,230230,12029200,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Fox01313,"Based off the first 16 hours, the game is completely delightful. Between the turn based (X-com style) combat, the huge amount of depth in crafting, the visual beauty of the game, the fun stealth/stealing ability, the humorous writing not being overdone in addition to the ability for certain classes with a particular skill to get more out of the world with talking to animals who might have clues for you. Another fun thing while you control the party, the two main characters can agree on things or not leading to the fun social minigame of seeing who is right bending the story in interesting ways.PS-starting off, I'd recommend the Witch & Wayfarer first as the summon is quite helpful, one has a heal & all that's left is to get a simple fire spell & rain spell which should help. Might have more info later on when I play more or start over but so far that's a winning combination."
,Recommended,230230,12559443,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Randal J. Johnson,"is great, very nice, get it."
,Recommended,230230,10011750,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Anemeros,"This game is a gleaming reminder of what made me fall in love with RPG's over a dozen years ago. Like Fallout, Planescape and Baulder's Gate before it, it boasts a great combat system, charming characters, memorable music and a living, breathing world to adventure in. There are a few modern improvements though, like more physics-based interactions with the environment and a good amount of depth in character creation and development. My only complaints would be that in its current (beta) form, some of the animations are a bit clunky and fully voiced dialogue is extremely sparse.Those issues are soon forgotten, as the game does an excellent job of immersing you in its world. NPCs will talk to eachother often, and the game finds a great balance between witty humor and interesting banter. Your party members will speak up and comment on things, giving them life and value. Player choice affects not only the story, but how your own party members view you. Early in the game, I found myself delving in dungeons that I could have easily skipped, stealing items from a shop while using a party member to distract them, and killing people that didn't need to die just because they were rude to me. It's those kind of things that pull you in and keep you up late at night.If you like Diablo, Elder Scrolls and classics like Fallout, you will almost certainly like this game. And the fact that a game this deep has online co-op is fantastic. I could go on and on, but I've just scratched the surface and the game is calling me back. Can't wait for the full version!"
76561198017891794,Recommended,230230,10014030,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LongLiveLee,"It mixes action or a typical exploration RPG with turn based combat. Yes I do recommend this game. I just purchased it and love it so far. I have been holding off for Pillars but lately the reviews and gameplay videos have sucked me into this, have been eyeing it for awhile now.It's sorta like - heres your world do what you want with it. As it should be.Don't buy it if you don't want to read. It definetly has some old school cRPG essence in there.Fans of rpgs..not the DS2 kind.. will like it.(DS2 is not an rpg but an action game)Top down view ..can zoom in. Good music and graphics.I have played Buldars Gate, Neverwinter Nights, PS:T,FF7/FFT all of those. Warcraft 3 took me (and guild) away from EQ 1 for a bit. I am a picky gamer. But so far I feel this has alot of potential and like what I see. Solid RPG straight up."
,Recommended,230230,16917108,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MIRRARDU,Stole everything that wasn't nailed down and hoarded animal corpses. If anything this game is too accurate a representation of my daily life and I forgot I was playing at one point.6000 stolen paintings out of 10would attemp to violently procreate with a physical copy of this game
76561198025533347,Recommended,230230,11115261,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cortex,"What can I say . . .I haven't gotten too far into it (level 8), but my gosh I've invested over 20 hours into this! It's great, reminds me of good ol' Baldur's Gate -- whilst missing some aspects, it also gains others. I say try the game, just remember to save often!"
,Recommended,230230,11105682,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,thrAsher,"FINALLY! A real, meaty, kickass RPG with all the trimmings. It's like Fallout 2 and Baldur's Gate 2 had a baby, then decided to let you toy with the world in ways you've always wanted to but never could. Strategic on all fronts with a serviceable story and just about zero hand holding. Combat is a joy and the game looks fantastic. At $40 Larian is practically giving this game away. I knew I was going to enjoy it, had no clue I was going to get absolutely consumed by the game. Been too long since an RPG has sucked me in like this one. Buy it, love it. I cannot wait for more DLC and user generated content. Now, please!"
76561198068506985,Recommended,230230,11387174,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Wonderswan,Got lured into a pyramid scheme.10/10
,Recommended,230230,11192439,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Cristiano,"A pretty amazing achievement as far as RPGs go, and games in general. It definitely harkens back to the Ultima series and Baldur's Gate in terms of story, depth and interactivity. I like that it doesn't hold your hand, yet is still pretty accessible. The amount of interactivity is staggering. The graphics are gorgeous and rich, and the gameplay is a lot of fun. The combat is challenging - you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked if you aren't carerful, but it is fun and very strategic. Being able to use certain elements to your advantage (lighting oil on fire underneath a monster or electrocuting them in water) adds another layer to your strategy. I've barely scratched the surface on this game, but I'm incredibly impressed and very happy I purchased it. It's a masterpiece, and will go down as one of the greatest computer RPGs ever made. It is in very good company."
76561198020682684,Recommended,230230,12402416,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LordSkitso,i wish i could get past the fighting its terrible makes me sad divine divinity was sooo much better
,Recommended,230230,11310957,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Noblesdown,"I'll start with my summary: Yes, buy the game, it is a great, ""old school"" RPG with tons of text and little hand holding, and it's refreshing. Forget the other Divinity titles, not having them or having them is irrelevant (or, if you're a pachyderm, irrelephant.)I'll continue with my experience: I have very little other than character creation and the initial city you start in, because NO MATTER what character class combo I come up with (you have two primary characters, and can get two more before leaving the city to begin the brunt of the game) as soon as I head out- in any direction- and encounter enemies... I get party wiped.I have seen NONE of the game, because I simply don't know what I'm doing wrong. The game relies on environmental damaging and elemental attacks a lot- for instance, casting lightning or shooting a lightning arrow into a pool of water enemies are in stuns them. Great mechanic.The problem I've encountered at the start, that has prevented me from moving past the start of the game, is your turns in combat are limited to action points. Your few moves for your characters take most- or more than- those action points. Then those skills have cool downs. That means, my warrior smashes into a pack of two undead, and does decent damage to both. One gets knocked down, the other doesn't. My ranger hits four undead with a ricochet arrow. Great start to the fight. Then it's their turn. The undead next to my warrior hits him three times in the same turn for 26-35 damage each hit. Two undead archers thunk him for a shot each, and he'll either be at about 5 hps, or dead.  My other two characters may kill one more undead, or simply damage a few, but don't help much.Next turn, I *must* use a character to either heal or ressurrect the warrior. This ends that characters turn, and the warrior is revived with only a percent of health- so you have to revive him away from combat (the spell allows you to teleport them back to life in a radius). That means two characters can fight that second round. One swings at an undead, misses. Swings again, hits, its still alive. The other casts a spell that burns another twice, but doesn't kill it.Next turn, the undead archers move up, thwap my warrior dead again with arrows, nearly kill two of the other characters, and the other undead charge forward and poison them, knock them down, etc. EVEN if I live, I have to spend the entire next turn drinking a health potion or casting a ressurect spell.Every fight I've been in so far (beyond the tutorial) ends up with my characters downing health potions or casting healing spells for their turns, then getting beat on again and repeating, until I lose. I've tried not healing, but that only gets them killed a turn earlier. It has been frustrating and surprising, given how easy most games are nowadays.So, oddly enough, I like the game- it's got great visuals, it reeks of old school Baldur's Gate style gameplay, and I've read up a ton on other people's experiences, and it is indeed deep and full of exploration.I, sadly, haven't - and can't - experience it yet. I don't know what I'm doing wrong, I've tried everything, but to start, once leaving the city, the game can be utterly brutal. I've never ""rage quit"" a game before this one, but I simply have put it on the back burner until I can try again someday and try something I haven't before (whatever that might be, I've tried it all. Yes- what you're thinking of suggesting? I've tried it. Yes, with a llama. And the duck.)Still, I will return- it strikes me as that good of a game. I would suggest purchasing it. You will probably not struggle like I have- others have moved on, apparently it's simply my own malfunction with this game. It's like my nemesis, and I will one day prevail."
,Recommended,230230,11150984,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Uraoen,"The game starts you off on a beach away from the main town you will be starting in. You will hit combat pretty early and find that it is indeed turn based. Anything outside of combat however is in real time. Most skills can be used in and out of combat for various effects. Mastering these skills and when to use them will be critical for your success when exploring the world and fighting off the baddies.A common complaint is the difficulty of combat. The combat is hard at first. Since it is turnbased many people approach it like they would Final Fantasy Tactics. Rush your melee in close while sniping with ranged. While this MAY work in some cases here, it is best to understand your skills and use them in the best way possible. For example, running in with a melee character will allow him/her to take aggro nine times out of ten, but with overwhelming numbers, his HP will be hard to restore, even with health potions and spells. Crowd control will often times set this plan on the path for failure; knocked down units (Ally or Hostile) will automatically get hit 100% of the time. Meaning that tank of yours just got hit twice by every enemy on the map.Think about your moves:-What would happen if you backed up around this giant rock and let the melee come to you?-Is there any special barrels around to set off at the right moments?-What spells do I have? Should I skip my turn to combo them next turn?-My tank is in danger, should I teleport him out and inflict friendly fire damage?-There is just too many! Should I escape and try again later?If you can get past the difficulty of combat, I can guarentee that many RPG fans will enjoy this game. BUYER BEWARE: This game is kind of like The Elder Scrolls: Morrowind in regards to no quest marker. The developers have done a fantastic job in not holding your hand while playing. You have to think, read, remember, keep track of everything. You never know what you'll need to solve the various mysteries and quests. There are bugs, and the developers have already been working their butts off to patch them and make this game even better.The game supports Steam Workshop and the fourms are flooded with amazing ideas that I cannot wait to come to life to bring infinite replayability to the game."
76561198021176933,Recommended,230230,14430765,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Wasted_46,Instagibbed a boss with 2 barrels.
76561197972728326,Recommended,230230,12179283,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Citizen Warrior,Good combination of puzzle solving and turn based RPG. Just difficult enough to make for a challenge. Sometimes I have had to seek walkthrough help becuase its difficult to remember what you need to do next.
,Recommended,230230,11113464,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Remb,GOTY 2014
,Recommended,230230,11110847,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lindran,This for me is the perfect representation of pen & paper RPGs as a video game! Definitely recommended!!
,Recommended,230230,11207153,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Zefiel,Found [Smelly Panties]. Equiped [Smelly Panties] and gained +1 charisma. 11/10
,Recommended,230230,11538199,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,厶 W.H.K 厶 Sergsky 厶,"I absolutely love the divinity games and this one, in my opinion, just tops them all, It went straight into the top 5 of my favourite games. I'd say the only problem with this game is messing around with mods."
,Recommended,230230,10993009,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gitank,"I walked into a room under the inn, hit a switch by accident, and the room blew up ten times over killing my party to death. Don't see that anymore. But for real- This game is a throwback to the oldschool RPG's that felt like there was a freedom. The ability to have your two main characters argue or agree with each other means you can, for the first time, play an RPG and be both good and evil in the same playthrough. The turn based combat is fun, reminded me of Fallout 1 and 2, or the more recent Wasteland 2 sans cover system. The quests are creative, and original, and feel better than just ""Get to the end of the cave, kill the thing, leave through the back.""Good game, have fun."
76561198056462830,Recommended,230230,11345117,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ritch,"Awesome game,Death Knights suck,free meek mill."
76561198030004218,Recommended,230230,9242269,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kanjika,"Muito promissor. Oldschool RPG com ar de moderno... combates táticos com a possibilidade de multiplayer (até 2 jogadores) desafiadores e o melhor de tudo: você pode discordar da forma com que o outro jogador prefere dar continuidade aos dialogos com Npcs e ""colocar"" o tópico em discução, tentando um convencer o outro da melhor forma de prosseguir e que podem lhe conceder traits especiais... e o concenso é definido com base nos seus atributos, habilidades e bonus situacionais."
76561198006580426,Recommended,230230,9711575,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,trancebc,Playing Beta rgiht now and game is sick! So many elements in this game and not to mention artistic team combos you can do with your two characters. So much attention to all the little details. It's going to be one quality release upon completion.
,Recommended,230230,11707778,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JaceyPenny,10/10. I hate this game. Ruined my life.
76561197985800493,Recommended,230230,11518680,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sundaenuts,"Brilliant, have not played a game in this genre of this calibre in some time."
76561198009848856,Recommended,230230,11520440,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,MDGins M.D.,Game of the year.
76561197993946470,Recommended,230230,11225238,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,parlance,"This game is the crowning achievement of the CRPG genre. Top notch graphics and gameplay are complemented by robust online cooperative features. Value-wise this game has over 100 hours of content in a single play-through, and every one of those hours is great. There are a few balance and bug issues, but they are very minor and won't affect most people's enjoyment of the game.In summary, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,230230,11174212,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,MM,It's good.
76561198015148089,Recommended,230230,11182541,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kigre[Riot],"You start out with creating two main characters, the game is made from scratch with multiplayer co-op in mind. I started a single player game and i can open it up for a friend at any given time if i please. So the character creation, you do as you wish here. There is no ultimate combo, either way you will be missing out on things. Wich is a good thing because there is SO much to do and find in this game. So when you are done creating you begin. I made a Battlemage and a Ranger. You can also switch some of the starting spells, attributes, talents and abilities for both the characters. But if you not to familiar with this kind of game or RPG's in general. Fret not, the game itself is easy enough to understand as you go without treating you like an unexperienced moron. The combat itself is turn-based and never real-time. Wich you may like or dont. This game is nothing like Diablo, Path of Exile or Torchlight. This game is NOT a ""Hack and slash"" You can't grind by slaying enemies for 4 hours. The ones you kill don't come back. (Most of the time.) Now to one core element of the game. NPC's, they are everywhere and they are colorful. They have their own problems, sorrows and desires. The game premise is that you are Source Hunters and have been sent to a City to investigate a murder. I actually felt more like a detective here than inL.A Noire. May not sound that impressive. You FEEL like an investigator trying to fit the pieces. But there is more, there are places to go, dungeons to enter, strange and dark forrests to pass. Some encounters i came to i just simply died. It wasn a fight even. So there's exploration as well, wich grants you Experience as well. Crafting is also a big part of the game and thats unusual in games like this and it may take a while before you understand how it works if you choose to figure that out for yourself. Wich can be more fun than the game telling you exactly what to and how to all the time. Then you have the Spellbooks and spellscrolls that you can find and also create with the right skills and equippement. At first the game may seem a bit overwhelming to newcommers, heck it even may be a bit overwhelming for Veterans of the genre. But even here Larian Studios knows what they are doing. You play at your own pace, the game sets you on a beach and from there you do whatever you want to. Basically. There are no ""Mission Arrows"" pointing you from A to B in a linear line like most games today. You choose to do the missions you find in what way and order you feel like. Now the combat itself, it is like chess only ALOT more fun. :) And it works like this, your one hero may have 20 AP (Action Points) Telling you how far you can go and what spells costs. And they represent this in way that you don't even have to do any number crunching. They just use green and red little bubbles on the lower screen showing you how many AP you have left after a fireball for example. So its easy to learn and helluva lot of fun to try and master. Every battle can be a challenege and can take 15-60 minutes sometimes and its awesome. You cheer when you they miss and when you strike them down with a vengence! Bones and flesh flies accros the battlefield when fireballs and lightning hit! And then we the moral choices the game represents. As mentioned you meet NPC all over the place. Do you choose to help them, ignore them or straight out murder where they stand? You pick but beware, it has permanent consequences on you character and the world you live in. Now to the things you may not like. Stats, number crunching, no combat based grinding, no hand holding, reading, thinking,Last note: The game is buildt with Co-op in mind. So during some conversations with NPC's you will discuss with your firend ingame what to do. Wich may lead to some real actual discussion. The moral choices are not always easy to pick i can tell you. Larian Studios dont treat you like a complete idiot so its not always black and white. And when you disagree completely with your friend. The game puts you in a mini game with your friend and you will have to play a game of Stone, paper, scissors. :) You may enjoy that or not. In the end, the game has tons of things for you to do. It brings tactical combat challenges, puzzels, hard choices to make, exploration, diversity, humor, heart and lore. If you have EVER enjoyed an RPG game it is very unlikely you will dislike this one.Happy Source hunting.Peace."
76561198088972663,Recommended,230230,11183059,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,AphroSamurai,"This game is amazingly fun. Get it or regret not getting it, your choice."
76561198052444726,Recommended,230230,11186477,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Uzilara,"excellent game, really fun to play although a bit hard at first, but once you reach lv 5-6, the game really opens up with more skills and choices for your characters and build"
,Recommended,230230,11190261,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,"Roz, Witch of the Hobos","This is the most fun I've had in a game since Dragon Age: Origins, and I've played a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing games since then. It is my quintessential jam. Most negative thing I can say is it has a few janky songs on the soundtrack, but I turn down music after 2 loops anyway.  But if you like opening all the barrels, stacking random♥♥♥♥♥♥to craft odd things, talking to cats, accidentally poisoning your own team members, and stealing paintings you need to get this game like, yesterday. I will say, the co-op feels a bit odd and I prefer single player, but maybe that's because I have no patience for other people."
,Recommended,230230,11215546,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Kestis,Best game ever rpg !
76561197992667552,Recommended,230230,11172634,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,TitanKitana,Brilliant - A Must have. !!! Really well made.
,Recommended,230230,12042976,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Peregrine,"Simply put, Divinity: Original Sin is a masterpiece.See full review:http://thehyperbolicgamer.com/2014/09/10/game-review-divinity-original-sin/"
,Recommended,230230,11339871,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mythologica,Miss Neverwinter Nights and Balders Gate? Divinity: Original Sin is a new series that brings back this classic style of rpg.
76561198042067845,Recommended,230230,11051712,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,lazarus_adg,"Amazing game, I can't seem to pull myself away from it.I hear many good things about the multiplayer, but even single player is just tons of fun.If you're on the fence about this game, don't be.  It's like an updated Balder's Gate."
,Recommended,230230,11053658,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Fat Operator,"One of the best turn-based games I've ever played, wrapped in a delightful ensemble of rock-solid RPG elements."
,Recommended,230230,11712421,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Direshibe,"This is probably one of the best traditional RPG that I've played since Baldur's Gate 2.  The story is a little bit lacking, and the mechnic of developing a relatonship between your two PCs was a good idea but implemented poorly (you shouldn't link role playing mechanics with gameplay mechanics).  There are a good variety of quests, and the very first major quest you embark on is a interesting and fun murder mystery investigation.  The later quests aren't quite as extensive or well executed, but there are enough variety to stop things from being dull.The combat is the highlight.  It's good ol' fashioned turn-based combat, and the interaction between the various elements and the environmental effect mechanics make every battle its own fun little puzzle.  Do I blow up the poison gas barrels and create a cloud of poison that enemies won't pass through to protect my flank?  Do I use fire to blow up the gas for a bit of extra damage?  Do I want to freeze that puddle of water so enemies will slip, or do I shoot a bolt of lightning at it to stun everyone standing in the puddle?If you are a fan of RPGs there is literally no reason not to get this game."
,Recommended,230230,11393471,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Davos,I negotiated with a dog in order to have him smell woman's underwear for the sake of a murder investigation.
,Recommended,230230,11143751,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Crisp,Buy it
76561197995512889,Recommended,230230,12246145,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Orc,This is one of the best tactical RPG that i played in a long time...
76561198042417509,Recommended,230230,11416330,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Gouldie,"""Be the big cheese on your block with a wheel of the good stuff"""
,Recommended,230230,10572688,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Varyag,"dis game is str8 gr8, would r8 8/8"
76561197982317917,Recommended,230230,11285105,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,spiralyguy,"This game requires a little bit of patience.  There will be no hand holding, no quest markers, no arrow pointing you where to go.  You have to explore carefully and thoroughly to make progress.  The beginning in particular will have you poking around town for a good hour or two before you get out to kill undead.That being said, what a fantastic game.  Remindes me a lot of the old DnD games like Baldur's Gate and Temple of Elemental Evil except you don't need to have the DnD players manual memorized to make reasonable characters :PThe story is an engaging mystery with well paced discovery.  Even the side quests fit well, they never feel repetative or grindy.  You don't walk into towns and just click on every SoB with an exclamation mark over his head, no no.  You actually have to talk to everyone, find out who needs things done, then figure out how to do it.  It's usually much more vague then ""bring me 10 bear paws"" and many have more then one way to get the job done.I've never really liked crafting in these games, though the systems here seem fairly robust.  The UI isn't perfect, combining items that exist on different pages of your inventory can require a few clicks, but the combines all seem to have a very natual feel to it that makes sense.The combat system is fantastic.  The action point system and they way unused action points carry over to the next turn is really good and not something I've seen before.  No one has mana or energy bars, everything boils down to action points and cooldowns.  Normally I dislike playing wizards in RPG's since they tend to just nuke however this game has some great options for support wizards.  I have a wizard with something like 15 spells and only one is a nuke.  Lots of interesting mechanics you don't see in other games, I won't go into too much detail, but as an example, I never thought rain would be such a useful spell.  RAIN?  What other game do you think, hmmm.... I think I should cast rain, in the middle of a fight?The multiplayer seems pretty slick too, for playing with friends.  I imagine playing with random people would be frustrating as all hell, but great for playing with people you know.Best fantasy RPG since Dragon Age: Origins in my opinion."
76561198022918805,Recommended,230230,12588177,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dragoneyeser,"A surprisingly addictive game, though it gets frustrating easily due too low level rate."
,Recommended,230230,12174105,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ｓｋｕｌｌｂｒｅｗ 煱,this game is probably the best RPG game since Baldurs Gate.
76561198032222727,Recommended,230230,12174448,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Pathfinder,I haven't played a game like this since Baulder's Gate.  Good Fun!
,Recommended,230230,11095161,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tobias Fünke,I can lift people into the air then slam them to the ground. I like that.10/10
,Recommended,230230,11091870,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,LIQUID,Closest thing to a pen & paper RPG i've played.
76561198014935958,Recommended,230230,11533812,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Krocin,"Larian Studios has made quite a few ""Divinity"" games. Every one of them has been completely unplayable. ""Dragon Commander"" was a glimmer of hope but alas the dragon was missing a tail rudder causing it to crash and burn, few were surprised. I always questioned who the masochist was that continued to provide the studio with money. But I know now that he must have been a Seer, for from the ashes of that hobbled dragon arose ""Divinity: Original Sin"".This game is GREAT, BUY IT."
76561198011579146,Recommended,230230,10997846,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,EaT[NuBs,Threw a table which resulted in the slaughter of peasents10/10
,Recommended,230230,11026922,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Logan,"Can't recommend this highly enough. About as old school an RPG as you can get, but with a modern polish and execution. HUGE amount of content for the price, and one of the best co-op games I've played in a long, long while. Logan's seal of approval."
,Recommended,230230,11080312,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mannon,"I found this game actually buggier on release than it was in Beta... and some things don't work as well as you'd like... but it's worth it. Pretty decent old skool style RPG with fairly newish graphics (some low res textures, but mostly the game is quite lovely). I also love that it doesn't entirely take itself seriously. Good sense of humor. Just go in knowing there will be some frustrations. Also the game has a little action at the start and then very little combat and a lot of dialog heavy questing, so be ready for that as there's really no way to skip ahead to the action as you'll be underleveled and get your♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. But then this is not Torchlight or Diablo."
76561197970317688,Recommended,230230,11082649,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,springheelsjack,Awesome game.. any fan of quality RPG's needs to own this title.
76561197974554973,Recommended,230230,11093821,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Erg0,Fun and challenging. Some great details hidden away to.
,Recommended,230230,11044080,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Goblins,"This game is fantastic, The biggest reason for that being that its a real pc rpg not a hack and slash its something that i have not seen to this degree before this game. Please show this game some love its much needed. One of the best pc rpgs i have ever seen."
,Recommended,230230,13064361,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sikh,good
,Recommended,230230,11286687,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kirschtomper,"The advertisement and words around the streets don't lie. This is a solid nod towards the old RPG's, so much freedom and little room for mercy. Making you regret being careless but also love it. Looking forward to more from this game. A must buy for lovers of Dungeons and Dragons, Ultima, and Fallout."
,Recommended,230230,11184898,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Charlie Kelly,"Alright so at this time of this review I have only just cleared the first area ""Cyseal"".Things I love-How big of a deal the enviroment plays.-Quirky Storyline-Just as quirky NPCs-A party full of characters that have varied personailities and opinions they like to voice.-Old school style progression-No grinding-Emphasis on exploration-The DifficultyThings I Don't Like-Party AI can be a bit wonky (Ex. party members running right infront of monsters I'm trying to sneak up on)-Split Inventory system can be annoying when trying to purchasing/repair items.Overall I don't just recommend this game I HEAVILY recommend it.I only suggest you save early and save often.Also don't forget you can split your party up and launch multi-pronged attacks against enemies. This was neccesary for me to beat the main boss of Cyseal.Edit 7-16-2014. Removed two cons due to it being addressed in a patch. (being alerted when you get disarmed and when equipment is wearing down)"
76561198118983049,Recommended,230230,11774056,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,hyltone1,Great game. love how indepth it is.
,Recommended,230230,10980285,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Doki Doki,"Amazing game with an amzing amount of polish. Interaction between NPCs, player characters, items scattered around, and the environment itself is well implemented and worthy of a purchase to be able to experience."
,Recommended,230230,11098607,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TabbyInReverie,"Talking to yourself has never been more fun!  You can roleplay two characters in the game (admitedly co-op would be better) with two different personalities to hilarious effect.  D:OS's system is one of its kind, and fits the style of the game perfectly.  Those looking for old-school RPGs will find the game right up their alley.  Turn based combat, Ultima style loot boxes, you name it.  It helps (a lot) too that the graphics look great - lights cast flickering shadows, the colors sit well with the eyes (better with SweetFX).  And there's never been more things to interact with in the world!  The list goes on... do yourself a favor and pick it up."
76561197969671212,Recommended,230230,11104800,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,jerusalem_deckard,"Divinity: Original Sin plays like the heavenly progeny of Diablo 3 gone to bed with Baldur's Gate, so if you even remotely enjoyed either of those I would already highly suggest this title as it seems to contain a lot of promise, a world of possibilities, and is beautifully polished. That said, get used to reading/hearing English English, as opposed to the American English you've gotten used to over the span of most titles - this carries over even to the names of skills and the interface, and feels like a fresh break away from the usual American narrative styles, but don't let that throw you off for a moment, because a moment is all it will take you to warm up to it even if it's not entirely your cup of tea. Make your little party (or tea party), hook up with friends to play through it, and enjoy a less linear isometric title that equals or surpasses the graphics and polish of Diablo 3 or Torchlight visually, and brings the bacon home to those with fond memories of titles like Baldur's Gate, Fallout and Neverwinter Nights 2 who had always hoped for just a little more gameplay depth. GREAT JOB Larian Studios! My hat goes off to you and your wonderful Kickstarter title, and, between this and Wasteland 2, it looks like these Kickstarter traditional rpgs are going to be doing more than a little schooling of the big studios on how to create a memorable rpg, and singlehandedly revive our ol' beloved isometric classic rpg genre. <3 <3 <3 xoxoxo (yes, I just absolutely love it!)"
76561198052272449,Recommended,230230,11118196,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gregor Eisenhorn,"Finally, after years longing for a decent rpg (and i'm talking about true rpgs, not ""action rpgs"", aka ""the death of roleplaying in favor of kewl moves and stuff"", which have almost zero rpg content) comes Divinity: Original Sin.If you are a fan of fantasy rpgs like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age: Origins, and so on, i strongly suggest that you give this game a try. It's been a while since last time i got so addicted to an rpg, partially due to the lack of good ones and partially because Divinity is capable of bringing to the table almost everything you want in an rpg: an entertaining story, customization, distinct personalities, a lot of classes which are also customizable, the ability to interact with uhhhh yeah the furniture, and so on.Also, one of the best things is the challenging combat playstyle. It takes a while to know the game and to put up a decent party with a good strategy and synergy, but when you manage to do it, is very rewarding. Basically it has the necessary complexity that these kinds of rpgs need."
,Recommended,230230,11119183,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Teh T,Quite simply the best CRPG since Baldurs Gate II.
,Recommended,230230,11122540,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Fischshtick,Spent 3 hours walking around a town talking to NPCs. Loved every minute.Playing this with a friend is definitely the way to do it. Nothing quite like paper rock scissors to decide the fate of a poor orc in love.
76561198051956473,Recommended,230230,11124523,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,King Mrghl,Idiot friend accidentally vaporized himself with a lightning bolt instead of healing himself. Refused to revive him and left him in control of the paranoid knight lady. 10/10
,Recommended,230230,10995848,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,morto,A very good old-style rpg with a lot of dialogues and thinking involved.And you can cook pizza.10\10
,Recommended,230230,9965647,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ryry,Reminds me of Baldurs gate and Dragonage Orgins two of my favioute all time games and it has co-op which you can dialogue with your friends choosing differant options so its not just one person doing the talking. To lazy to keep running back to the a chest when you found the key just pick up the chest and move it closer.
,Recommended,230230,11381809,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mearu,"This game at first seems a little slow and maybe a bit bland for the first 20 minutes to 1 hour but then it becomes a different animal altogether.- Fights on 'Hard' are actually hard and playing with another person online actually adds an extreme amount of depth to the game.- Quests are impactful, decisions are important and ripple throught the storyline and your class actually grows  in importance with each increase in level.- Playing through multiple times is a very different experience with different classes/quest choices.- Getting involved in crafting and actually reading in-game books for tips will turn your experience upside down. Every item actually has a purpose, reading books will tell you what they do!- Hidden areas and figuring out puzzles encourages co-op team play and is very fun.- Very in-depth storyline with very little guidance. Leaves the player to figure it out by themselves instead of the hand-holding modern day games all have.- Large variety of items to find (scrolls, special arrows, books).- Cross-class system.9.5/10 and one of the best games in a long time. If you begin playing this and think you are missing something, check crafting and other abilities out on the web... the game is much deeper than you might think."
,Recommended,230230,11244377,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MoonV,Wear the bucket as your helmet. 10/10
76561198008438722,Recommended,230230,11276681,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Facade,"Amazing adventure awaits those who dare to venture into the perils of Divinity: Original Sin. Survive the hard and unfair world by using your wits, courage, good looks and some good old fashion backbone while doing your best to not get impaled, dissected or melted.You expect handholding? You expect Navigator the fairy to come over and make you ""listen"" while freezing your game to mock your intelligence for the 1000th time? Guess again! Dive head first into an epic quest where all you have is your skill and wits to solve the ruthless, gut wrenching puzzles that, when solved,  will make you a real god among men.In addition prepare to battle the most wretched, cruel and evil monsters and enemies this side of the underworld as you fight your way to glory in a test of your ability to think tactically, plan ahead and kick♥♥♥♥♥But that's not all, not only will you face this incredible adventure, but you will take your comrades with you! Invite one of your most courageous friends to join you as you quest through this adventure of bilbical proportions, role play and work together to beat down the challenges you face thus becoming the ultimate blood brothers and sisters the world has ever seen, bonding in a degree enough to make Frodo and Sam lower their heads in shame.Not enough to convince you? Pick up the Digital Collectors edition and grab the best dlc goodies the game has to offer in the future right off the bat WHILE also grabbing yourself 2 copies of this fantastic adventure so you may gift the second copy to your most loyal comrade making them your best friend to all eternity.Guaranteed satisfaction to ANYONE looking for the adventure of a lifetime!"
,Recommended,230230,11273949,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cpt. Murdock,True old school game with lot's of stuff!
76561198006765864,Recommended,230230,10994790,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,LilBadWitch,"Honestly the best RPG I've played in the last year or two; amazing soundtrack, great dialogue, and amazing turn-based combat. 10/10**Also ignore anybody complaining about the DLC; it's simply a kickstarter backer reward that was put up for others to acquire. It's just two ingame items you don't need to worry about and the rest is all design documents, soundtrack, etc. Out of game extras mostly. It's not Day 1 DLC."
,Recommended,230230,11274579,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SUPER TERRORIST MAN,is good
76561198033583801,Recommended,230230,10935151,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jan Žižka,"BEST!!! TURN - bassed RPG!!!! Enjoy your ingame time! Be SMART, dont let the VOID destroy Rivelon!!!"
,Recommended,230230,11159145,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Grimsane,"It's an awesome game. Perhaps, the best RPG I've experienced in a long time.I won't go on on all the things that I liked because I loved everything basically.However, I will say this. I really disliked the fact that in multiplayer, you have to play as the other person's characters. It makes your progression inexistant. I do realize it should be played co-op with a friend, however I think it would be great if the multiplayer concept was revisited to be rewarding for both players, perhaps even a 4 player multiplayer game, in which you would choose your prefered character before entering. Just an idea thrown in there.Never the less, I give this game a 9/10, it's a truly amazing game, I recommend it to everyone I know, even if you're sceptical about the turn-based fight system, do not worry it's awesome."
76561198012186445,Recommended,230230,11394840,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Lack,"I like stuff,"
,Recommended,230230,10910359,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,VT Sigma,"This is by far one of the more entertaining games I have played in the last couple of years. It has all of the challenge of old-school turn-based combat from games like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights with the added fun factor of Magicka's spell/environment combinations.You can opt for any number of different class combinations in your game; so, don't feel like magic is a must. You start the game with two main characters that you can build out any way you like (there are pre-configured classes or you can make your own). Once you make your way into the first town, you are free to recruit two additional henchmen to help fill out your group. Whether you want two warriors and two mages, or two rogues a paladin and a ranger, the choice is yours.The co-op gameplay is just as fun as playing solo, although following the dialog can be more difficult. The introduction of the co-op conversation system can make for some entertaining outcomes. For example, if you decide you want to be the nice guy; but, your friend wants to play a villain.Overall it is an excellent game, one of the few I would recommend to my friends."
76561198009737485,Recommended,230230,11138230,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,sandsaber,"Ah, I waited it so loooonnngggg! ++++Recomend fully! Love it!"
,Recommended,230230,11020408,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KaZie,"Very in depth RPG like old school PC RPGs. I love the synergy between your abilities and the environment. It makes positioning, planning, and timing paramount. Every time I play I keep finding new and unique ways to use my abilities to my advantage or how to royal screw myself.  The dialogue system is top notch too I love the way they handle CO-OP story lines. Each player can attempt to steer the story in the direction they want. I hope to see xpacs and sequals to this game very soon."
76561197979945099,Recommended,230230,11813224,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Darth Chris,"AWESOME!!! Great classic RPG... For those of us who loved the original Divinity.  Larian has delivered another home run!  It's missing a few things, such as directions and waypoints to solve quests, but the lack of them makes for a more chalenging game.  Keep it up!!!"
,Recommended,230230,13117887,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kararan,"Quick Save/Quick Load Simulator10.5/10I love this game <3Edited 1 : This game has very deep detail of story and battle system. The unique thing is you can use surrounding environment to your advantage. Tons of skil and classes to choose. Every actions have consequences. Many secrets and puzzles. Huge amount of contents. It is also replayable. If you are a fan of turn-based tactic RPG. Don't miss this game.Edited 2 : After finished this game, Larian announced to release the enhanced edition (D:OS EE). Free for player who owns D:OS. Such a great studio. Mark my words, I'll support u guys forever Larian Studio."
,Recommended,230230,11101447,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Godofdeer,Great game look forward to playing more! Although I can see me getting fairly addicted.
,Recommended,230230,11122016,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bystrick,"Did you ever want a sequel to the Baldur's Gate games, but felt like they'd need to really be retooled and modernized to make it a viable option to today's gamer?  Perhaps update the multiplayer system to make it truly multiplayer, or the combat system to become fully turn-based rather than stop-and-go command issuing, or even a deeper system of inventory and skill/spell usage?  Look no further, Larian has heard your cries for the antiquated gaming series to make a comeback in a new, pretty package with a brilliant leap forward in fantasy turn-based top-down RPGs.The Brilliant:- Crafting and blacksmithing is a thing, rather than just collecting an inventory full of junk items to sell later.  Sure, sell them if you like, but could that butter knife be used for something really cool other than gold fodder?- Identification of magic items is a breeze.  There's a skill for it, and items have an ID level.  It's that simple.  No more identification spells, or paying a week's adventurer's wages to get something ready for trade or use.- True multiplayer means not having a hacked together system, and its absolutely seamless here.  You can assign control over PCs or NPCs to your second player, and have a grand old time making sure you help each other.  Or not, if you're cruel.  Bonus points?  You DO NOT HAVE TO STICK TOGETHER.  Remember when you had to share your screen, and sticking close sometimes meant waiting ages for someone else?  Go wander six buildings over if you want.  Get things done twice as fast in town.The Good:- Gameplay and questing is fun, and leaves little to be desired.  The quests are difficult, the monsters and NPCs are challenging, and nothing is ""dumbed down"" unless you ask it to be by the difficulty setting.  Even then, you have to be witty to solve some of these quests, so bring your smart cap.- Dialogue and interaction are excellent.  What you tend to want out of an RPG is, oddly, all the RP - this game does not disappoint at all.  Sometimes serious, sometimes light-hearted, and as always, a bit of Larian humor in the mix, the game is entirely too happy to provide all the right tones in the right places.- Familiarity is amazing once you jump in.  If you're used to this style of game, you shouldn't feel left out at all (with one exception, see below).The Ok to Bad:While an excellent game, there are just a few things to watch out for...- The crafting system is potentially baffling straight out of the gate.  Prepare for long hours (or internet search engines) to help you build up your new crafting skills.  It can leave some players behind, and I know it frustrated at least one friend.  I loved it once I understood some of the premises.  Read those books you pick up!- Pathing options can be limited, and sometimes, combat makes it worse.  Be very, very particular with where you click and how you click.  Errant spells, randomly stepping in poison, or missing a backstab and moving instead are just a few of the problems that are normal because of the click to move style gaming.  One of my biggest issues is that NPCs duck/swivel/move while standing to make them more life-like, but because of that, sometimes you miss a click on them when trying to strike and end up moving (and subsequently wasting some action points because of it!)- Too much ""excess noise"" in populated areas means you may miss what your partner is saying or hearing.  NPCs that have side-conversation, or are yelling things in a market, show up on your dialogue space.  This quickly scrolls off potentially far more important information for quests.  Be prepared to read fast, or scroll a lot, especially in multi-player when you're not the one controlling the dialogue.Overall, despite my few complaints, this game is by far worth picking up.  My wife and I have enjoyed playing multi-player together beginning to end, and are likely to got through a second time once we've completed the DLC just to get a different PC perspective.  I can't wait for continued DLC, and to see how far this game goes as becoming the successor and champion of this style and genre mix."
,Recommended,230230,11421901,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Atheran,I stole a bunch of paintings from some merchant woman and then sold the painting back to her for loads of money.10/10 game
,Recommended,230230,11958366,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,flack,"Use the Source, Luke!"
,Recommended,230230,11204210,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Baal Firenze,Great party based RPG like neverwinter nights or baldur's gate
,Recommended,230230,11049664,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,★ d43t,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm literally blown away by how amazing this epic piece of a game is. I have done not one, but TWO all-nighters in a row to play as much as possible, and I'm still learning and discovering new things.It is amazing and deep enough to catch the fans of the old DnD classics such as Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale and Neverwinter Nights, yet simple enough for newcomers to enjoy the genre of RPG.I can recommend this game for pretty much everyone that enjoys RPG. I have yet to find one thing that I do not like about it.Coop makes it even better!"
,Recommended,230230,11281028,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BiaLos,"One of the best turn based RPGs, extremely satisfying."
,Recommended,230230,11281345,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Provaporous,"Cast a 35% chance to stun spell 6 times failed, died. Reloaded save, same spell, same chance, stunned every time. 10/10 would buy again (and i did)"
,Recommended,230230,11776627,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mosab,You get to solve a murder case in this game ... WITH ZERO HAND HOLDING !!!
76561197991256815,Recommended,230230,11217687,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Blackwaltz,"I really enjoyed the humor, the music, the art style and to my surprise the combat as well.Great Game. 9/10"
,Recommended,230230,9164868,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Lothereus,"I recommend this game for those who love turn based RPG. Although the game is in ALPHA at the moment, it augur to be a future great game, I mean Game of the Year (at least in RPG category) !I'm not affraid to compare this game to Bioware's one at its great period ;-)Pleasure to explore, to test all possibility, also the useless ones to see the consequences of our actions, begin each fight as a new challenge..."
76561198013155881,Recommended,230230,8936932,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Elmgard,"I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes a bit of RPG with strategy elements. You don't need to be a strategic mastermind to know how this game works. It's a game with features from Dungeons&Dragons, Dragon Age and Guild Wars 2. Even in Alpha stage this game was exceptionally good, had hours of fun and still didn't do everything you could do in the Alpha. I'd support the creators and definetly look forward to the official release!"
,Recommended,230230,11077894,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dont,I teleported my team mate into lava and he died.
76561198020319811,Recommended,230230,11004041,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,StreetDoggy,"This game makes me feel that same way I felt when I first played Baldur's Gate. If classic D&D style PRGs don't interest you then  this is not your game, but if they do you will be thrilled with this purchase."
76561198038028308,Recommended,230230,11046630,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,blaze_tecumseh,"I've ♥♥♥♥ed around with computer role-playing games since I was a snotty little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ creeping around Service Merchandise, begging my parents for a Commodore 64. I've experienced such things as Temple of Apshai, Muse's original 2-D Castle Wolfenstein, and innumerable titles from Strategic Simulations Incorporated. Now, while all you folks don't have reason to know me from Adam's housecat, let me assure you of one thing: it is damn certain that I know how to have fun on those crazy computer machines.Divinity: Original Sin takes me back to the happy days when I was a little punk who could spend twelve hours at a time in front of a console television the size of a dreadnought, chain-smoking filterless Camels and min-maxing the hell out of whatever 8-bit avatar caught my fancy.Original Sin makes me feel like I've gone back to the glory days of dicking around with a crazy old computer game that was made by fanatical autists. It makes me feel the unadulterated fun that I once knew, back when I was just a jerk-off little kid who didn't have a care in the world beyond reaching maximum entertainment saturation.If you want to feel what it is like to experience Baldur's Gate squared combined with The Incredible Machine cubed, you should snag yourself a copy of this game. It is like cooking down a spoonful of SSI and shooting it straight into your jugular.And damn, who is this musician who did the soundtrack to Divinity: Original Sin? I know that he's been working with Larian since the Bronze Age, but I haven't felt as motivated by game music since I heard some dirty♥♥♥♥♥sawtooth waves and hypnotizing ring-modulated main riffs blasting out of a SID chip. Larian's personal Beethoven could hold his own against composers like Alexander Brandon and Damjan Mravunac.Buy the Hell out of this game. You won't regret it, unless you're a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198145363627,Recommended,230230,11473911,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Revised_Mercury,"so far its the best rpg in years...keep em coming like this guys...always room for improment thoughso im about 40 hours into the game roughly and still loving it....every battle seems to be a strategic game of chess, although i am i big fan of hack and slash games like diablo and buldurs gate..this was a nice change of pace and gets th old brain working...so far i have only a couple of issues...1. the npcs and there repetative phrases, and movements drive me crazy some times...ex. the two guards practising by the barracks have been hacking at eachother for 7 in game days...and the cheese vendor...i think ill kill him out of principal lol2. co-op...dont get me wrong i love the idea of co-oping through the main story with a buddy and kicking some butt...however...let me build my own character...the fact that i can only play in his world when he is online holds me back from playing, or forces me to redo the game by myself or with a different friend on my computer...would have been much simpler to make the game where i could eneter his world with my mage and then bring that mage back to my own world.thats it for now guys however im sure as the game continues ...so will my review as of right now im sitting at a solid 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,230230,8872591,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Radplaya,"This is my view. The game so far is very fun and creative but lacking which is no suprise considering it is an alpha. I'm enjoying the games spell and skill animations which are very colorful and cool. The games character customization is lacking in customization, appearance wise, but there are many traits to choose presently that all seem to serve a very recognizable purpose such as being useful for a mage or warrior and some that help your dialogue choices and the one I've found to be the most unique is the one that gives you the ability to talk to animals. I hope that add more unique traits in the future as well as making a very rounded character customization so i can make my character look how i want. Right now even though it is early alpha I have been able to delve into the classless part of the game. Such as having my mage use a two handed spear or teaching my rogue to use earth spells. The whole process doesn't seem to be completely fleshed out but it works well for alpha.So if you think that you want to support this game I believe it is worth your time and money. Remember that the game is in ALPHA and that the guys at Larian ar working to make this the game we all know it can be so give it some time and faith."
76561198057183560,Recommended,230230,8862845,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Valdur,It only took 5-10 minutes of just exploring the first area for me to reconfirm to myself that crpgs are my favorite genre. I had a blast in my 5 hours of play and the fact that this is just alpha makes me that more excited. Once this game is patched up and polished it's going to be awesome.I was first turned off by the idea of turn based combat as the old FF-like combat came to mind however after a few fights it didn't phase me at all. I love the attention to detail and all the ways we can interact with the evironment. The combination of these is gonna lead to some rather unexpected and hilarious memorable moments. Already had one where one of my mains got thrown in jail for attempting to cook a pizza in some dude's fireplace. That town has some strict laws... It taught me to be mindful of where I test out some of the game's features or maybe not.I'm probably going to wait until they enable character customization before I play more. Really looking forward to creating the mains to how I want... already getting ideas for when release comes around.
76561197968371989,Recommended,230230,8833157,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,♛☢WeẞẞO☢♛ ツ 6ð   ҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉,"This game is so enjoyable, i know its undeveloped at the moment, thats why i refuse to play it until its complete!the gameplay is basically like diablo 2 searching around following the main quests like the acts... they have way points like diablo 2, if you have played diablo 2 you will know what im talking about, if not can you please go away because you havnt lived, and the fighting to the game is like fallout 1 where you take in turns to either cast spells with the action points provided, either skip turns to save up for better spells or meele attacks etc, or cast lots of little spells etc...truely is 1 of the best games ive ever played at the moment, well i cant really call it a game yet because its still in early alpha so anything could happen.when this game is released its really fun with a friend so make sure you get your brother and play with them and game on!i rate this game at 9/10"
76561198045808940,Recommended,230230,8827528,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Victini,I do like this game even though i only played it for about 20 minuets but i am going to wait untill its finished before i play it again.
76561198027257277,Recommended,230230,9356455,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rottenheim,"This is the boss of true RPG.If you only want action and don't care for alot of intelligent dialogues and puns/cookies jokes - don't play this, and we wont miss you either."
,Recommended,230230,9512944,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,drsmitty,"If the alpha is any indication this game is destined to be a classic.  I only have about 8 hours into it so far, but I can honestly say that I have not enjoyed a game as much in a long time.  I can only imagine that the full version will be even better, especially assuming the voice acting for the NPCs does any justice to the wonderful and often witty dialogue.  As the computer game market has gotten ever more dumbed down for the masses, with an emphasis on mindless button smashing combat that sport weak stories, it is refreshing to see a game return to the RPG roots that made games like Baulder’s Gate and Planescape Torment so memorable and such a joy to play back-in-the-day.  Here are just a few things that have stood out to me so far:1)	Interesting story2)	Interesting NPCs with personality - this is just based on the text dialogue alone so far.  Hoping the voice acting will only compliment in the full game.3)	Humor - found myself often laughing at the dialogue.  You can also find something humorous when not suspecting to, for example, just read the tombstones in the grave yard.4)	Mystery - love having a murder mystery to solve, without having a marker showing you exactly where to go to solve it.  You have to gather clues from conversations and from the environment.5)	Challenging turned based combat - makes you really think about how to approach a fight and forces you to use some strategy and think about how to use both the environment and your characters abilities.6)	Excellent Graphics – from swaying stacks of books in a library, to a rushing river, the graphics are sharp  and eye pleasing.7)	Co-op mode – played with my brother in another city across the state and had a blast.  Was very easy to set up, requiring nothing more than to send an invite from within the game.8)	AI – in one fight, for one example, my brother, playing a wizard cast a fireball at a pull of oil in a tunnel in which we had encountered some undead.  It ignited catching the skeletons on fire who were moving to attack us.  Their skeleton master standing behind them cast a resist fire spell on his minions.9)	An environment you manipulate and interact with – explode a barrel of oil; move objects around like boxes or barrels, etc.; combine items to create things; put out fires with a rain spell, freeze water with an ice spell; put out torches or candles, or light them...and many more.10)	Skills really matter – skills are not just some abstract ability on a character sheet, but really impact the game.  For example, if you have the ability to speak to animals, you can get information from them that someone without that ability could not.  Likewise, someone with a good perception will get dialogue options that someone with a low perception will not.Well I could go on, as there are many more things this game looks like it will do well.  Suffice to day, I cannot recommend this game strongly enough."
76561198005431009,Recommended,230230,9866251,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Stranger530,"well worth the money, if you looking for a game similar to baldurs gate 1-2 or neverwinter nights 2 look no further i look forward to seeing more amazing content from these developers"
76561197992588600,Recommended,230230,11003960,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BrutalicusMaximus,"If you're a fan of oldschool style rpgs then pick this game up.The combat is extremely tactical and fun. It feels like I'm playing the fastest paced game of Dungeons and Dragons ever, with the computer doing all the rolls for me. The graphics are beautiful and the environments have good ambiance. The music is excellent. It also seems to have an absolutely huge world with a ton of playtime. The randomly generated items make the loot exciting and gives you a ton of freedom in your character's customization.The drop in co-op is great. You start the game with two main characters so one other player can join your game at any time. This makes it easy for friends who play different total amounts of time to still play together.The quests are very funny at times and the game leaves you to explore rather than guiding you straight to the objectives (there are no quest markers in this game). Your choice gives you various personality traits that give stat bonuses which makes those choices feel more meaningful.Buy it if this even somewhat sounds good, you won't regret it."
76561198073696566,Recommended,230230,9198082,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Seiko,"This game is amazing , such an attention to details, easy on the eyes also, with what seems to be an interesting story so far.No quest trackers, no ""fedex"" quests, only scripted ones, with consequences.Never been so pleased with a game since ages.A must have for every rpg lover"
,Recommended,230230,9127516,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ΛVΛΞNΛ,"This game is the wet dream of any RP player. This is especially tons of fun to Play with a friend who also likes RP. So far, the ingame chat does not work yet, but you can easily chat through steam. As it is turn based combat, you can emote the battles, making them longer, but more fun.The game is of course not finished yet, so there is a big lack to character creation.I love the music. It sounds old skool and reminds me a lot of the Tales of Symphonia music.I hope this game is finished soon."
,Recommended,230230,11071413,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sour_Taste,"Wow what a surprisingly good game. There are so many elements that make this game good, the loot system, the turn based combat...the intereaction between the characters....Highly recommend picking this up."
,Recommended,230230,11089420,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ripp Torn,Great Game!If you like to RP with a friend grab this quick before thay realise how awsome this game is and charge more for it!**Co-Op** is actualey co-op. The full game can be played with a friend.Worth every dime.***** <--- 5 out of 5 Stars!
76561198096410183,Recommended,230230,11097856,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,devoncop22,"I have had no prior knowlege of the Divinity series or turn based RPG games generally but usually go for strategy games.At a stroke this game has gone into my top three all time games.Great mechanics.Meaningful choices. Characters I care about and a great story, wriiten with humour and intelligence.Recommended."
,Recommended,230230,11092979,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nikolai5,Best RPG I have played in a long time.
76561198000338741,Recommended,230230,11098508,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Xull [leet],"A great game that forces players to think; there is no ""PRESS A TO NOT DIE"" cutscenes or missions, which is a great change of pace from many modern games. The combat is dynamic and characters are memorable. Would recommend"
76561198006644191,Recommended,230230,11097390,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Myshkin,"Best RPG since Baldur's gate. DOS takes you back to the root of RPG, pen-and-paper is back at its very best with turn based combat, rich character development that covers RPG elements, a rich world with flesh and colour, a screenplay written by novelists who enjoyed what they did, with the best music ever, with freedom to play the game with nearly infinite playstyles. And so many more, but alas I must go back and play now... It's time to dream again..."
,Recommended,230230,11071032,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Cheetum,"Enjoying the game so far, its very reminiscent of Baldurs gate and old-school pen-and-paper RPGs.  If those are things that interest you I highly recommend this game. Single player is fun but co-op is even better soplay with a friend!"
76561198015331564,Recommended,230230,11088341,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dred,"For anyone who enjoyed the old Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale style of RPG, this is a must have.Brilliant old school iso RPG - they perfected it"
76561198042042149,Recommended,230230,11071245,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,djkultking,great rpg!
,Recommended,230230,11071156,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,WombatFromHell,"This is quite possibly the best spiritual successor to the Baldur's Gate series yet. A polished experience with great gameplay mechanics, Larian's brand of unique humor, and an interesting story make for an unforgettable RPG. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who likes Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Icewind Dale, or Neverwinter Nights - despite being in a different story universe."
,Recommended,230230,11070777,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,keeper075,"One of the best traditional turn-based RPGs I've played in years, if not ever! Excellent graphics, stirring music, and exceptionally well written. Even if it didn't come with an editor and mod support it would be well worth the price of admission!"
76561198039301706,Recommended,230230,11087801,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Slade,Awesome RPG.
,Recommended,230230,11087096,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,God of Nothing,"7-5-14So far, so... effing, goood.Just started and it already feels like it genuinely has a great wealth of content ANDDD QUALITY CONTENT AT THAT.Story so far is pretty interesting and the cast of characters are actually likeable.The character customization leaves alot to be desired however.."
,Recommended,230230,11089300,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ratcat,Best RPG I've played since DA:O
,Recommended,230230,11087603,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,aristocrat,Loving this game so far. It's great to see a modern game that doesn't hold your hand and gives you the satisfaction of discovering and solving things yourself.
76561198009620255,Recommended,230230,11093998,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,usarmy16,"If you love the RPG classics such as Fallout, Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Arcanum, etc. then you'll love this game. Haven't been able to stop playing since I purchased it. It's that good."
,Recommended,230230,11086942,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jquik,One of the best RPG's available on Steam.  Almost 60 hours in and I'm still learning new tactics.
,Recommended,230230,11087940,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Baromega,"This is one of the best RPGs I've ever played. Never got into old school cRPGs so I didn't know what to expect, but after 40+ hours I question if I can ever look at modern RPGs like Skyrim the same again. Now it's so blantantly obvious the systems modern RPGs have had to give up to mesh well with console releases, but Divinity: OS does its best to bring the genre back to its glory days."
76561197962989134,Recommended,230230,11172083,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ortellios,"Nostalgic and bewondered i walk and explore this beautifull game :)Helped an Orc dig a grave for his brother, trew him in instead 10/10"
,Recommended,230230,11168151,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Morlek,"great game, would zuck a zock for it. 10/10"
76561197970815962,Recommended,230230,17241599,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BluishMicrobe,"Amazing, amazing game!"
76561198141611435,Recommended,230230,18255247,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Isterica,nice game.
,Recommended,230230,11021045,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DosBuster,"This game is like a ♥♥♥♥ing GIANT chocolate bar, oh so good, but so large and gluggy. And you feel sick from eating too much, 10/10 game phyiscally drained me."
76561198047616214,Recommended,230230,11179606,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,demonmessiah,"This game is eating my life away. Every available minute I've had for the past 2 weeks has been taken up by Divinity, much to my surprise; And it appears to have a lot more content to give!For an old school crpger, this game is literally everything that has been missing from modern titles. If you enjoyed such game series as Baldur's Gate or Fallout, or titles like Vampire: Bloodlines, this game is for you."
76561198050778736,Recommended,230230,19926945,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Plebeian Jay,sure
,Recommended,230230,27995830,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Baccata,"Best Western RPG in a long time. It is right up there with Baldurs Gate, Fallout, Planescape: Torment etc.The combat system has so much depth and is worth the price of admission alone."
,Recommended,230230,27711872,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lamhir,"Best classic RPG that got released within the past few years in the sense of old Bioware games like Neverwinter Nights with a good portion of humor.Turn pased combat combined with a flexible spell system which allows to use environment to your advantage and combine different spells (like using rain to get the ground wet, then cast fire ball on it to turn the water into steam and then cust a bolt to shock all enemies within it and stun them) for increased effectiveness"
76561198059835403,Recommended,230230,28060514,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DeathWish,"Divinity: Original Sin is one of the most rewarding RPGs to come along in years. Its quests and combat compelled me to think hard about my actions and choices, which is more than I usually get to say about contemporary RPGs. Its depth, personality, and combat challenges easily allow it to hold its own against the likes of heavyweights like Dragon Age: Origins. These systems invite constant experimentation throughout dozens of memorable hours of combat and cheeky storytelling, and its rich modding toolkit provides the framework for enjoyable player-made adventure for years to come."
,Recommended,230230,11057231,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Void,Best RPG since a long time.
,Recommended,230230,14710822,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pet_Monster_TW,Definitely the best RPG this year. Surely it is worth the money. Best of Larians work and they are good...
,Recommended,230230,10995133,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,waffletit,"This is -NOT- an aRPG.  This is on old-school flavored cRPG taking queues for the likes of Divine Divinity, Baldur's Gate 1-2 and the Ultima series.  Combat in this game is decisively turn-based, and for the better.  You have to play it smart and cool in D:OS, do not be upset when the game (rather constantly) tells you that you may adjust the difficulty to a lesser setting.  Well done, Larian.  It's good to get some usage out of your brain every once-in-a-while."
,Recommended,230230,10993224,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Berserk_G,"Game is fun in Coop, it can be sometimes very confusing finding quest locations so u probably need to read all dialogs carefully"
76561198038529509,Recommended,230230,10993783,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blackpoint,"You must buy this game no matter what , This game is PERFECT in every aspect"
76561198032700739,Recommended,230230,11121865,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gour,Me Gusta
,Recommended,230230,17919194,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Rampaging Tides,"10/10 IGN10/10 Gameinformer4.5/5 Some lame Critic7/7 Non-American Critic1/1 Personal ReviewResponse to Divinity 2 coming out: ""Shut up and take my money"""
76561198016673427,Recommended,230230,10035559,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,nietzschie666,"Can anyone say ""persistent corpses in pools of blood""? NAILED IT! FINALLY!!"
,Recommended,230230,10136392,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jakadasnake,The mayor thinks his cat is just a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dog. 10/10
76561197971724802,Recommended,230230,11541947,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Pontifex Maximus,Diviity: Original Sinis a great game by any standard. Its true to the old AD&D and have a touch of Baldurs Gate. Story is great with the right amound of quests - not to few but not overloaded so you loose oversight.THE GOOD- Outstanding tactical combat- Engaging quests- Complex systems that make even the smallest actions feel meaningful- Beautiful world that makes every new area a treat to explore- Story and dialogue are full of wit and drama- Rock-paper-scissors conversations strengthen the role-playing possibilitiesTHE BAD- Awkward inventory- Cumbersome interface- First few hours drag9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,230230,8846957,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sethox,"[Personal View]I kickstarted this game because it looked promosing but I am not buyest, (even if it seems so) I did took the risk betting on a promise. And so far it seems to have gone well for this company. This game has it hits and misses but the one thing that amazes me is the lack of originality (In this case it's a good thing). The fact that the company took the easiest concept and turned it into something more is mind blowing.If Steam let's me update this ""Review"" (it's a review of a preview that's an alpha, which helds no merit or credits what so ever besides the joy of a guy that bought the product).[Review (of a Preview that's an alpha)]The setup is great, it's a clean enviroment that helps the player see the things that needs to be seen. This can even work against you because you might miss something if you don't check it out. I don't know if it was made that was or that this is an alpha but somethings on the screen makes you believe it's an object you can investigate or do so exploration is an option.The Dialog is the main feature for this game (the way I see it), with the dialog you can roleplay a step further by building up the character you wish to be. With that said the brilliant idea has been set up to bring a companion with you and play with you and that companion CAN be a real player. Obviously it leads to interesting developments because the partner can shape drama/action/personalities with you. You or your partner doesn't always have to agree towards one another, with that you can use to your parties advantage in different ways.My opinion of this mechanic is what defines this game genre, ""True Co-operative game"". For a preview for this game it's really shaping up to be a good game, but they do need to polish the bugs and the plenty of issues the game have (yeah, an alpha game that has bugs and issues, who would of known)."
,Recommended,230230,8873316,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,griszztly,"I cannot praise this game enough. There's a huge amount of fun packed into this game, that hails right from Baldur's Gate II and similar games. There are some quite cool aspects of the game, and all in all, I'm really excited for this to be completed."
,Recommended,230230,11767224,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,King Arkus,A great buy! Highly recommended!
,Recommended,230230,11081738,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dragonx`,Game of the year.
,Recommended,230230,11074633,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ezuka,"Broke into a woman's house, stole her smelly panties, and put them on.Every game should allow me to do this."
,Recommended,230230,10964392,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Graham,i love stacking boxes
76561198025212788,Recommended,230230,11094860,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Thornly,A lady was mourning her dead husband at the graveyard and I dug up his body in front of her and then killed her. 10/10 would dig up again.
,Recommended,230230,11190941,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FreeCell,perfect
,Recommended,230230,11531121,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Starayo,The single greatest old-school RPG I've played in the last decade. Combat that requires tactics. Co-op that works well. A story that's actually a bit interesting. Full of funny bits and sad bits and all the bits in between. Divinity: Original Sin was clearly a labor of love for the RPG genre and it shows.
,Recommended,230230,8870464,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Daniel Goldberg,9/10 It's a game.
76561197976018085,Recommended,230230,9787240,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Soulhex,cRPG lover? dont miss this game !
,Recommended,230230,12292971,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Exodus,One of the best RPG's I ever played.
,Recommended,230230,11076782,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,federated state of trollnesia,Best RPG since FO:NV. Best 'isometric' rpg since Baldur's Gate 2.
76561197979224516,Recommended,230230,11078017,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KRFP,"Slow at the start with frustrating combat odds but progress a few hours and combat becomes much more routine and enjoyable. Skill system requires focus as skills gain cummulative cost increases. Very little hand holding, if you want a recipe read a book but ACTUALLY read the text because you don't get a crafting menu. Crafting weapons and gear seems worthless as there is ample loot located in chests, vendors and corpses. Very easy to get lost in theiving and trying to check every barrel and crate in the city and opening the many many chests laying around. Targeting is not super clean, some models interfer with each other making clicking the right thing tricky. Add in the ability to obliterate friends with a simple click a milimeter off of the mark and you will understand why they say save often. The game is not perfect but it is fun as hell. The dialogue is weak at best, NPC's will repeat the same loud dialogue an unlimited number of times with very little downtime between shouts if you stand within ear shot. Very annoying if a vendor is near by and you're bartering a deal. Frequently I mute this game. There is plenty of wilderness to explore so don't waste too much time in town. Finally, weapons above your level require extra AP to use but the effects of higher level armor are as yet unknown to me... I would recommend this game if you're hungry for a turn-based RPG while you wait for Wasteland or DA:I.PS - steal the artwork - its worth it."
76561198018803971,Recommended,230230,12558966,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Deadbones,"VERY good conecept, however it fails to deliver on many fronts. The combat is fairly buggy and there are some things that aren't explained. Also I feel like many playstyles are inherently worse than othersCombat: Targeting AoE often claims you won't hit a unit, yet when you use the ability it does hit said unit. Annoying when you hit your own guys when you shouldn't. Also you can abuse the system and kill units without entering combat by using burning oil to hit enemies outside of engage range.Things that are not explained: The biggest one of these are that when you have to progress near the end you need to not only have all the star stones, you have to been to the homestead once for each stone you unlock, this took me roughly eight hours to figure out since I assumed I'd missed a star stone.All in all it has many flaws, but it's still a fantastic game that I'd definitely recommend. Less replay value than I first hoped though."
,Recommended,230230,13281730,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kobolde,"I loved the first Neverwinter Nights and the expansions. I loved Fallout 2. I loved the Ultima series, and Nethack, obviously. The developers apparently loved and studied them, too. Divinity: Original Sin is a well thought-out product, and very intuitive to interact with, if you are a fan of the genre. You can come up with imaginative solutions in the game world, e.g.. put out a fire with water, or add nails to a branch to make a crude weapon. The game world is very responsive, easy and fun to approach.Coop multiplayer takes the cake, though. Alone the game is fun, but playing it together with my wife, it's easily the best coop we've had played Neverwinter Nights. Inventory interaction is made easy, and there are dual conversations with NPCs and each other, in which both players get to speak their mind. These discussions define the characters personality (and gives beneficial traits), and can sometimes turn into an argument. Arguments are decided with rock-paper-scissors matches, and the winner gets her way.Biggest downside is that there is so much you can do, so it takes a while to get acquintanted with everything. That's why after five hours we're not far in the story, but so far it seems to be at least okay. Maybe I'll update on this later.Another aspect I like is that it's light enough to run on most modernish computers. We have a Macbook Pro 15"" and a 2009 built PC, and it runs fine (not nearly maxed, but not lowest neither) on both. Mac/PC is no problem, even the save games are reliable. No crashing once on either computer, either.There are some minor issues, as with every game. But they are too minor to mention, and the developers will release more patches. Mods can be loaded, so that's an infinite supply of adventures. Haven't looked too much into that yet, but appears similar to the NWN community from my day.All in all, a magnificent game. Recommened to all who enjoyed the games mentioned."
,Recommended,230230,13325602,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,carlos danger [NO MONITOR],A video game for the computer
76561197972445514,Recommended,230230,11209644,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Hellbishop,Definitely worthy of your coin and then some. Exploration and loot satisfaction deliver in spades. Combat with weapons and magic feels very fluid and natural. Visuals glow with dungeons and dragons rich imagery. Audio is immersive with magical thrilling impact. Music is haunting and timeless capturing the essence of roleplay gaming taking my mind to another world or stirring up memories of table top and pc gaming of years ago. The voice acting is spot on perfect as if coming from once silent pages of a Dungeons And Dragons manual.User interface is a work of excellence making the game mechanics easy to get into the vast details without confusing the player.If your into turn based rpgs it would be in your best interest to buy DIVINITY ORIGINAL SIN for all the non-stop fun it is.
76561198054879444,Recommended,230230,15041936,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MadUrban,"Great game. Some things that could've been done better or needed a bit more attention (Questing, Crafting) but a round-based RPG with Coop isn't something you find very often.Gameplay and graphics are imho superb. There is hardly any documentation for modding or the toolkit though.9/10"
76561198031929890,Recommended,230230,12974998,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,"The best RPG I've played in years.  Witty at times, challenging almost always, and some niche humor that you wouldn't see in mass-appeal games.  I'd recommend this to any RPG fan."
76561197966543763,Recommended,230230,12360767,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,fRodos_,"I have to tell, that this game delivers in all aspect. Close to a perfect gaming experience.You can customize the characters you start with in many different ways, absolutely deep combat system, takes time to learn what does what really. I only figured out some stuff around level 8-10, which it was too late, but never mind, I'm gonna play through this game in the future, that's for sure.The music is great, it really fits the game, tho after 60 hours of gameplay you'll find them not so great, even tho they are. Especially like the one playing in the main menu.The game finally is built on being more rewarding. No minimap locations are given for quests, you'll have to figure them out on your own, tho some of it proved to be somewhat more difficult, I personally used a wiki page for like 5-7 quests, how to solve them or what to do.The story is incredible, it really tries to be out of the ordinary, and it succeeds.The enemies numbers are a bit of a problem sometimes, but with the right tactics you can overcome them, and also finding the appropriate area to go sometimes results in wandering around for tens of minutes.Also this is probably the first game I did all the reading, not just skipping the texts and conversations. I mean ALL the reading. I've read everything put into the game.Towards the very end I found the lvl 19 monsters too powerful, but I think I should've done my heroes right from the beginning and I woulnd't have had this problem.The Hero-chain-system is somewhat annoying, having to break them and re-connect them all the time if you want them to start the battles where they actually are, not in formation. Also, healing back up all your characters gonna often take time, since they cannot start another spell until they finished with one, this is only a minor thing tho.I totally feel the scrolls are wasted, all those scrolls for nothing really, there weren't one time I decided I should use them instead of taking action with my heroes. Well, there was, but I could count them on one hand.Also I found that the timer on buffs are good for battles (3-5 turns per buff), but in real-time it lasts only 20 seconds, so you cannot really make anything of it, like pre-buffing your guys before battle, cuz the first summon will wither away by the time you finish putting the last eagle-eye on the archer. Btw archer. Why set apart bow and crossbow, when the staff and the maces, axes swords fall under the same 'two handed' category ? blah. Well. Great Game anyways. 8.5/10Highly Recommended"
76561198050865043,Recommended,230230,12381996,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,issssk,"A bit like Baldurs Gate. However, you need to be aware that the game requires a lot of micromanaging for your group, since the UI doesn't do anything to help you guide your characters or find out where to go next. Also, there's an insane amount of traps all over the game, which is pretty annoying. If you can look past that, it's an ok game."
,Recommended,230230,12561812,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Philodox,"If you have a strong itch to play a game like Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter nights this is your game.  The game gives you a lot of freedom to do whatever you want, but that includes completely losing track of your main objective.  I had to resort to Google on numerous occasions to figure out what to do.There are some lowlights of the game:* story ranges from silly, to nonsensical, to bad* voice acting is generally bad* some quests are bugged as to be impossible to complete"
,Recommended,230230,12406809,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Amadeus,"I had often wondered if I had such a high opinion of Baldur's Gate because it was a good game or just due to nostalgia.  Well, this game (Divinity: Original Sin) showed me that it wasn't nostalgia, it was due to the fact that this RPG design is just so good.Divinity: Original Sin is a GREAT game, especially for the price.   Frankly, I'd prefer a sequel because I do think it could be made even better than it is.I would also love to see a new IP using the same game engine.  I love the engine and the game play, but the lore isn't quite as good as some other fantasy RPG franchises."
,Recommended,230230,13798466,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rustahl,"I can't begin to explain how much fun this game is. Imagine old school Ultima VII updated using current technology. That's exactly what this game feels like. I have always been a fan of isometric or overhead RPG's and this delivers in spades. It's a breath of fresh air in an industry oversaturated with MMO's, FPS's and sandbox games."
76561197961635317,Recommended,230230,13481214,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,JustSomeTool,"An amazing throwback to classic RPG titles like Baldur's Gate and the immortal Icewind Dale. Thoroughly modernized and built for co-op play, Divinity demands that you give each battle or quest your full attention. With a seemingly-infinite variety of outcomes for every situation, replayability is covered. My ONLY complaint is that sometimes the NPCs with speech tracks can get a little obnoxious as they're shouting at the player across town. 9/10 easily."
,Recommended,230230,14306194,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nashiq,"Really well done.You have to pay attention.  More than a few quests will leave you scratching your head for hours if you don't read every book etc...Additionally, you will find yourself failing some quests by doing the wrong thing too early etc.  In that aspect, it's not really a sandbox.Despite those, it's one of the best games this year.  Brings me back to Baulders Gate."
76561198007755143,Recommended,230230,14613804,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ozimendias,"I've played so much Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment, etc. that I got sick of it, and never wanted to return back. This game is as close to aforementioned, as it gets. I bought it just to have a look where do those 9/10 come from. I expected to be bored in 30 minutes with it.I was wrong.This... this is a beautiful, hardcore, funny, fantasy RPG, that kept me for 71h (so far) chained to the PC. I'm around half of the game and I want more. Much of the fun comes from great, serious tactical combat. Last time I had so much fun with tactical combat, it was Silent Storm.Whether you have friends to play co-op, or you are no-life like me, if you ever liked isometric fantasy themed tactical cRPGs, buy this one."
76561198047125207,Recommended,230230,12983780,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tsitas,"Thanks for putting out such an enjoyable game worth every penny it cost, and to anybody still on the fence about buying it, you can do much worse with bigger games so it's worth a bash.  If you are a fan of the genre, you'll more then likely fall in love.'10'/10"
,Recommended,230230,13675683,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sergent DUB,"One of the best rpg ever made, if not THE best. Beat old school rpg like Baldur's Gate at every level.Bref, un osti de bon jeu ;)"
,Recommended,230230,13759376,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lolcat,One of the best RPG I have played in recent times.Could easily spent many hours in completing the game.Enjoyed the freedom of choices in each and every quest.
76561198047805279,Recommended,230230,13771519,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,OutdoorFugitive,"Well executed, lots to discover and do, but doesn't lead you by the hand. Turn based combat allows you to plan and really use tactics. Multiple ways to accomplish goals."
,Recommended,230230,14396182,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Alastaire,Simply a masterpiece.Waiting for official Spanish translation.10/10.
,Recommended,230230,13950226,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Orangutan Dandy,YES!
,Recommended,230230,13803766,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,YYN,"Pros :- Fun tactical turn-based combat, the environment affects your battles.- No class system for characters, you're free to choose any skill, attributes, and talent combination.- Interactive world, you can move objects around- Beautiful environments- No grinding, enemies don't respawn- No hand-holdingCons :- No hand-holding(Depends on your preference)- Story and characters, The game is not sure whether to be silly or serious.- Inventory, too much micromanagement.- No voice over for box dialoguesThe gameplay is almost perfect, it only needs a better story and better characters.If Bioware or Obsidian made a game with game's game engine, that would be perfect.Larian needs to hire better writers.EDIT : If I think about it, I don't dislike the story much, it's the characters that I don't like. They're boring."
76561198043771864,Recommended,230230,13296047,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Zarosh,"I have played many RPG's before, both turn-based and hack and slash, and I can say without any doubt that this game is easily one of the best i've ever played.  If you like strategically planning out your attacks and getting into cool battles with nasty enemies in a great turn-based adventure than this is the game for you.  IT EVEN HAS COOP! AND MODS! +50 awesome.  Seriously, how many games these days still have campaign coop?  Not as many as there should be...From what i know about the origins of this game, this is the product of not having a producer, and such, not having said producers breathing down the developers neck forcing them to change things, and it worked (producers such as EA).Of course without a producer, its more likely that the game will have some bugs, but lets be honest, most games these days have some really annoying bugs even with a producer.The story is actually interesting, for a dungeon crawling RPG, you actually somewhat give a damn, its not utterly fantastic, but interesting.  Which is rare, because, I dont know about most people, but in other dungeon crawllers, i dont really care too much about the story and care was more about the loot and killing stuff.The whole story is set in the land of Rivellon, where you and a friend/partner (if you aren't a lone wolf) are Source Hunters, Source is a kind of really powerful magic that has been corrupted over time to become accursed and dark magic, its kind of a corny name.  And you and your partner are sent to Cyseal (the first town) to investigate a murder that took place and apparently Source being involved.   I will say, the beginning to the game is a little slow, no arguing that, but if you scrounge around, you can get some decent equipment.  A little tip I learned, there is no moral setback for stealing and it can be quite profitable and you can get some good stuff, but DONT get caught, if you do, reload your last save, trust me when i say that.You are usually with your other half, and the main two starting characters make up your primary team, and you can recruit two more people to help you.  You usually find the main helpers to be Jahan and Madora, pretty early in the game.  Later in the game, but not too much later, you'll get access to an area called the Hall of Heroes where you can recruit new team members for some gold.  This is cool except for some dumb reason the hirlings start off at level 1.  Say you want to change up your team, and you are like level 15 with level 15 gear.  You recruit a new guy from the hall of Heroes, and now your team is crippled and useless since enemies dont respawn, theres no real way to get the new guy up to speed.  Thats a just a dumb mistake and hopefully an easy fix, not a big deal.Being an RPG, you have choices you can make in the game to determine how people react to you, and how soem quests are completed and things like that, there is a moral system and a personality sorter.  Theres sorters for your two main characters on the lines of altruistic/egotistcal, forgiving/heartless, blunt/considerate, and many others than give bonuses to your character(s) based on what they are which can lead to interesting modifiers of your character based on their personality.Another intersting mechanic that I like, and have to say is quite unique is the rock, paper, scissors mechanic (at least I've never played another game that has it).  Say some NPC tells your characters to do something, and one character says sure while the other says no, you then have a rock,paper scissors match to determine whose idea wins.  This also happens as the form of reason/charm/intimidate checks with NPCs so you can talk your way out of situations.The combat system, and this is where I get a bit biased, is turn based, meaning you use a number of Action Points a turn to attack, move, use potions, whatever, and then you turn is over.  A lot of people i know, dislike turn-based combat saying its ""boring"" or ""lame"", i disagree, i think planning your moves and thinking and getting a cool kill, is way cooler than mindlessly pressing ""X"" or whatever.  Thats just my opinion however, if you dont like turn-based combat or are bored easily, you wont like this game.  However, the combat itself, is creative, its very similar to DnD (Dungeons and Dragons), if you can think up a way to kill an enemy or gain an advantage, you can do it (within reason).  For example, if you use fire on a puddle of acid or the game calls ""ooze"" you get a large explosion or in reverse, you get a ooze cloud.  If you have a couple of enemies in a puddle, hit the puddle with a lightning bolt for large damage and stunning.  If you have a big fire pit in your way, toss a barrel of water or use the Rain spell to douse your friends (and enemis) that are on fire and pretty much anything else you can think up.My only couple of complaints about the combat is archers and fire.  Archers, specifically enemy archers, are kinda broken, they defintely have more actionpoints than you have, regardless of difficulty and can DEFINTELY hit you when you cant, its kinda lame.  My other complaint which can be hindered by the awesomeness that is the Rain spell, if fire, not fire damage like fireballs so much as firepits.  The damage from those, even with high fire resist its ridiculous, just ridiculous.  Always have someone on your team that knows Rain, trust me, its saved my hide more times than I care to remember.    But those arent my biggest problems with the game, those are just smaller problems that are relativly easy to fix, I would think.My only real complaint about the game is lack of direction, and no I dont mean make the game linear as hell and spoon feed me, but give me some semblance of a glint of a hint of an idea of where I should go next, without forcing me to use an online guide.  I dont mind wandering around occassionaly to find where to go, but the world is quite large and I dont always want to have to resort to a guide to help me out.   Throw me a bone occassionally.Also, you can, for some stupidass reason, drop quest items. DONT! EVER DROP QUEST ITEMS!  I dont know why they thought that was a good idea, but DONT DROP ANYTHING THAT HAS ""QUEST ITEM"" IN YELLOW LETTERS, JUST DONT!DONT DROP QUEST ITEMS,  YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!!!!I really really cannot stress that enough, it kinda screwed up my first playthough because I dropped stuff that i didnt think was important anymore...turns out it was...One last thing then I will wrap it up, if you are one of those people that saves over one slot every time you save, DONT, make lots of save points, be freaking generous.   I dont honestly understand why people still do that (make one save slot).  Your game screws up, and you have only one save slot, too bad you are done.  Just trust me when I say to have more than one slot.   Also, quicksave, F5, one of the many perks of being on PC, you can use it in battle and pretty much anywhere and have up to four quicksave slots as well as four autosave slots, use that♥♥♥♥♥♥Ok so, great game, good graphics (excellent for an unproduced dungeoun crawller), interesting story and fun lore, great combat system (i am biased here, I like turn-based RPGS, not everyone does), very staisfiying loot drops, it has goddamn coop, and mods, a great soundtrack, just a couple of annoying bugs and silly mechanics, a bit of annoyingly imbalanced combat and lack of direction: 9.5/10 with a badass seal of approval, get this damn game."
76561197971367383,Recommended,230230,13816666,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Surrexen,Baldur's Gate and XCOM had a love child called Divinity Original Sin. This game will NOT hold your hand and explains very little at the beginning. In our age of lazy games with quest markers etc this is a total throwback to games of old. You level up very slowly and it takes a while to really understand the combat. I'm now 10+ hours in and everything is clicking into place and am now thoroughly enjoying it.
76561198041438351,Recommended,230230,13966062,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Moodwaffle,"This game is quality.  Challenging quality.  This is not a product that a large corporate studio would produce or publish... that should give you a clue to its quality.  BUY this game, you will come back to it again."
,Recommended,230230,16912513,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Nystul,"This game is a grand old time. The combat, while not totally innovative, is quite immersive due to the intriguing interactions between your attacks and the environment. You can face creatures head on, or use controlling tactics like covering the ground in burning oil or storm clouds. The story feels a bit scattered at times, but is overall quite enjoyable, and there are plenty of secrets, easter eggs, and jokes to keep you interested. I love the soundtrack, though I wish that it was a bit larger, there seem to be only a handful of (amazing) songs that play. I've not personally played the game multiplayer, but I imagine it would be very enjoyable, as it seems to be built for two players (you get two avatars and they can both be roleplayed seperately).At 40 dollars it's not a bargain, but I would say that this is worth it, especially if you can catch it on sale."
,Recommended,230230,17418503,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DEATHN0ZZLE,"The gameplay is great and the music is great. All around a really well thought-out and fun game. If you like this style of RPG, you'll really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,230230,17439023,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,~ Vhanzer,"A glorious and beautiful surprise of an RPG! Expertly executed with hours upon hours of fun tied to exploring, customization, quests and just fun between party members. I strongly recommend Co-op, makes it all enhanced and more fun! Gets a definite two thumbs up from my buds and me!"
,Recommended,230230,17514012,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Cahnis,"One of the best RPG experiences I've had in recent history. Challenging, rewarding gameplay, but above all else: a fun game. 10/10"
,Recommended,230230,12392170,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Chen,"D:OS is very similar to many traditional RPGs like the Infinity Engine games (Baldur's Gate etc). The view is top down, game is turn based and focus on party & space management, so if you liked those games you'll probably feel at home.The game has a lot of good stuff that can surprise you. It's not completely open, but it's open enough that you don't feel like you're forced to walk down a corridor or something. Your biggest restrictions are usually going to be facing monsters of higher levels than yours, but with a good enough team you can still deal with those 'soft' barriers and just explore the way you want to.The combat system resolves a lot around elemental manipulation. Basically, elemental spells in this game modifies the environment, which could be used for your advantage. For instance, you can drop oil on the ground, then set it on fire to cause damage over time. You can cast rain to create ponds of water, then use lightning spells to stun all enemies in the pond. These are very important during the early phases of the game since your characters usually have very limited options.Character building is neat. It's possible to build absolutely overpowered characters that just break the game, but I think it's absolutely fine for a PvE game like this. Magic/skills are fairly diverse, it's not blazingly amazing but fits the game. A lot of elemental madness to tinker with.It's not without problems though. The game's story is relatively weak. The writing is something you'll expect from a Divinity game, it's cheeky and not very serious (which can be a huge turn off if you're into a good story). The game is also very long, 80+ hours if you just try to finish every quest. Part of the reason is because battles take quite a long time and the fact that you have to spend quite a lot of time traveling. The combat, while very difficult early on, can be a breeze later when your characters have already been fully developed.Overall I'd highly recommend. Do take note that it's quite time consuming though."
,Recommended,230230,12654066,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Vloeistof,"I'm about 30 hours into the game and it still is very fun to play.The story is well written and there are lots of sidequests(I just left the first area of the game). Quests are fun and some of them really challange you to discover and look for clues. I'll just sum op some pros and cons to help you decide if this is something for you.Pros:Difficult Turn-Based CombatMages gallore!(elemental spells make the combat very tactical)Lots of questsWell writtenFun conversationsLots of companions to choose fromDecide how to end every quest(f.e.: help the mayor get his staff back or tell him that you'll keep it in the end)Great coop-options!Rock-paper-siccors to solve arguments in gameCons:Slow start(after reaching the first village there will be a lot of reading)Combat can be tedious especially for melee heavy groups.(f.e. some fights a warrior can be stunned/frozen etc for the whole duration)Rock-paper-siccors is also used to determine the answer to riddles(f.e.: you know the answer to a riddle, but the AI 'doubts' you, resulting in a rock-paper-siccor minigame which will determine if your 'right' answer is chosen or... the AI will rampage you into failing the riddle)."
76561197967381439,Recommended,230230,13991276,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Kosmonaut,Best turn based combat rpg I have ever played.  Tons of loot.  Would like to see more DLC expansions in future.
,Recommended,230230,14178960,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Vaako,"Just finished my first play through and I would recommend this game to anyone that likes a party driven RPG.  The story is okay, but it's the game play that is compelling.  It is both refreshing and challenging.  As many other reviewers have mentioned, if you are looking for hand holding, look elsewhere or be prepared to research the internet for hints if you are not fond of reading the in game dialog.Great game.9/10"
,Recommended,230230,14356363,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,STAR WRAS,"If X COM and WoW had a baby, and better graphics, it would be this."
,Recommended,230230,14366281,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Heron,"Well this was a proper surprise. It turned from a gamble to a ""must have"" and this is how I would recommend it. There's good replay value to the story for different outcomes, and the banter between the two main protagonists is very good. There's hidden depth to the game on many levels and, overall, I would have to say this is most definitely one of the best RPG releases of the last few years, with it's innovative combat mechanics and sense of humour. If you're into your RPGs and love your old school gaming, this is a most definite ""must have"" buy."
,Recommended,230230,14599004,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Isao,"..80 hours later, I just finished my (first?) playthrough and, boy, what an adventure it was.If you are looking for a quick opinion, here it is: this game does not hold hands, it takes a lot of time and effort and is full of text. Hence, it is not for the faint-hearted, but if you will stick with it, you will be rewarded with a true adventure.I have very few gripes with the game. First, the inventory system is atrocious. This, together with the fact that crafting is pretty much useless, makes you want to avoid crafting, instead of pursuing it. The commands (like double-click) are also quite unresponsive, which is weird as I have never encountered this problem before. This game, as often happens when games are this huge, must be played with a wiki at hand, be it for crafting, or the find-a-pixel-button type of puzzles.Having said this, D:OS is simply monumental. There are no other adjectives to describe it. It is clear that it has been crafted and polished with loving care, and with the main goal of giving you a memorable adventure. Immerse yourself!"
,Recommended,230230,14737571,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,OmniNerd,"Divinity: Original Sin is basically a Dungeons and Dragons campaign, on your computer. The amount of detail and thought that went into this game is incredible. I recommend playing with a friend, and my only qualm is that you have to install a mod to play with more than 2 people. Divinity: Original Sin - definitely recommend if you are seeking a story-based, immersive RPG!"
76561198044666546,Recommended,230230,14753254,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SirMrEsquire,"My girlfriend and I had already played Dark Souls 2 together, so we were used to some punishing fights, but this game really pulls at your pride.That being said, I loved every minute of it and I think this game absolutely deserves the rating it was given. We started off playing a knight and a rogue, but then we became wizards and blasted everything with fireballs. Great Game."
76561198089652452,Recommended,230230,15099089,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MaGinThat,"I see alot of complaints in the other reviews about early game difficulty and lack of gold....umm guys if you cant do any better than that maybe you should just change genra's...Go blast a damn door down and steal some paintings or something...build your characters right maybe? it just gets my goat when people who obviously lack the skill to be playing a game like this try to bring it down and blame it all on the mechanics. really just what we need another game dumbed down for spoiled manchildren...so on to the game...it's truly one of the best ive ever played and one of the few ive helped kickstart,i dont regret it one bit and i so rarely get to say that.this game makes me proud of how far this genre has come.I have to recommend it at any price!"
,Recommended,230230,15117475,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bizzle Dapp ⚔,"9/10A very well developed game.It seems that all the underlying RPG elements have been taken and built upon. Creating a great challenge and interesting story.Crafting system is a work of comical genius.The dialog system is very innovative, making options you choose develop a characters personality and enhance stats and attributes. (This is my favourite touch so far).The Graphics are beautiful.Character customisation and optimisation seems limitless and adaptive.Voice acting wears on you after a while, in my personal experience.Toolkit for creating your own campaigns. (Yet to try this out, but ive had a look at a few videos and seems comparible to Warcraft III Map Maker)The battle system:-Works on an action point system like Fallout 1, 2 and tactics.-Turn based. There is a turn bar displayed at the top, similar to the turn counter in FFX, so you can plan ahead.-Very strategic with elemental abilities and options for ambush.-Feels refreshingly well polished.Multiplayer functionality.All in all, well worth the money."
76561198091731571,Recommended,230230,14076337,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,satharis,The best game in years. =)
76561197964214568,Recommended,230230,14141279,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pit00r,"After playing the old Divinity, playing the Beta and then play the whole thing again my opinion about this game does not change a bit. This game is genius."
,Recommended,230230,14333065,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Telarius,"I purchased this one when it was in early access, and couldn't be happier I did!  Simply put, this is a well-designed turn-based RPG with beautiful graphics, music, and Steam Workshop integration is the icing on the cake!  The DLC is worth getting, so I recommend picking this up during a sale to save yourself some money.  However, if someone were to ask me if I felt the game was worth the full retail price, I would not hesitate to say yes."
76561198050498467,Recommended,230230,14344310,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Raziel,"Awesome game. One thing kind of annoying is the cursor often clicks through toolboxes, portraits, and inventory etc. So you sometimes end up wasting turns or running through explosions in battle."
,Recommended,230230,14491715,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DEMI-O,$25 Rock Paper Scissors simulator.
,Recommended,230230,15189454,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,georgetteStark,"Liked- being able to go into seak mode. That is the best. Being able to move two characters at once is cool too- but (disliked:) the characters don't handle all that well (around tight ends) when connected. Puddle of poison? Walls on both sides? Yeah well.. disconnect your two characters because the one you are leading to safety may be the only who survives since the other one won't follow the same path. Other than that little, totally avoidable thing... Divinity is pretty awesome."
,Recommended,230230,17016332,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,psion,I love this game. It brings me back to the golden age of CRPG but with all the modern bells and whistles. Beautiful game!
,Recommended,230230,16429965,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Taipei Ching-Chong,"Pretty cool game, haven't gotten to play it as much as i wanted, but it seems like a solid experiece. Just giving this review because i heard about the enhanced edition, and i read on their site that it will be free for people who already own Divnity. And that was a relief.So thats cool. Recommend for sure."
76561198007926583,Recommended,230230,16901391,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,tharionwind,"It is bringing bacck memories of the best of some RPG gaming.  PS: Torment, Dragon Siege (1/2 but not 3) and others.  This as well as Pillars of Eternity are fun to play!  Old school RPG fun all over again!"
76561198000864361,Recommended,230230,17281660,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,LeMatty,Love.
76561198011100169,Recommended,230230,16941043,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DraKKuLL,"Make yourself a favor ( if you enjoy RPG ): Grab a beer ( or any good beverage of your taste ), invite a friend and play this ♥♥♥♥ing game, seriously! Thank me later."
76561197985698983,Recommended,230230,8770974,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Tendeep,"Alpha still, so not at all polished, but looks to have a large open world.  You are free to roam, you can interact with almost everything, hell, even kill anything.  Pretty cool old school style RPG.  Once they polish it up, should be fun!Hope the combat opens up a bit later, right now it is turn-based, thats not bad, but the skill sets are limited, so combat could be more fun later... you can interact with the worl in combat though, pretty slick.  For example, fire spell an oil crate setting the area on fire.  Electrify water to shock those in it, etc."
,Recommended,230230,12358580,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ExiliumA.,"This game is so cool. One of the games which was worth backing in early access. Story is interesting and fun to play, graphic is nice. The turn based system works nice and the environment plays an important role, for example you can use puddles to spread you lightning spells across the map.Still there is one many negative point i have to mention: Back when i played it (i dont know if this was patched out) it was realy easy to distract the enemys with summoned elementals. They focused them even if they did fire damage to an fire elemental which just healed it. So the AI had some problems here.However, besides that, and if you dont abuse it, the game is great to play with some friends, and even if the story is not to inventive, solving the murder (one of the frist quests) was very cool and enjoyable!"
76561197990106355,Recommended,230230,12360347,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Dreepa,"Must buy.Baldurs Gate / Dragon Age party roaming/exploration: CheckNPC interaction with reputation system and well written dialogues: CheckTurn based combat offering quite some good tactic challenges: CheckFull inventory management and item fun: CheckBeautiful world graphics: CheckInter-party dialogue system: CheckThe only thing that might be not liked, if anything, could be the enemy design. There is a degree of freedom in the design, that does not keep you 100% inside that classical fantasy feel. You will find enemies that look more like they are taken from a Marvel comic book at times. So while it has all the features of an old school top-down party-RPG, it sometimes strays a bit from the expected path of a ""classical fantasy world"" and goes into a slight humorous direction."
,Recommended,230230,17617859,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Nexxa,"We need more high-quality, turn-based RPGs. This, the shadowrun returns games, and very few others are bringing back the careful, tactical goodness."
,Recommended,230230,13702912,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Entrappedmind,"I want to devote the time to this review that this game deserves. I really, truly want to. But I cannot. I'm too eager to get back into the game.Did you enjoy Ultima 7? How about Baldur's Gate? You know, the games that are revered as ""classics"" of the RPG genre? Well, unless I run into a massive let-down further down the line - this game will be revered just the same.The feeling of a huge baddie closing in on your archer, who will surely be cut down by him with little effort at all... Then teleporting the baddie 30 feet into the air, to land in a puddle of oil, and subsequently hitting that oil with a fire arrow to engulf the baddie in flames...The feeling of turning your thief invisible and sneaking behind enemy lines, waiting for the proper moment, and eliminating a full-health enemy single-handedly with backstabs...The feeling of swiping a chest key from right under the leader of the Legion's nose and sneaking out without him even knowing anyone was there...That feeling? It's the feeling you get when playing those old-school classics. The same feeling Dvinity: Original Sin delivers - in spades.The ONLY con I've run across thus far: The crafting system, while VERY well fleshed-out and sensible... Feels clumsy. That's it, that's my only complaint.It's currently 33% off. You'll be waiting until summer to see it lower than that. Buy it."
76561197970965314,Recommended,230230,12412021,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Spanky,"Great Gamesome nice turn based Combat and the story i finemight not be a game you play thought 1000 times, but might get 2 playthought out of it, i think thatsokey .so  if you like rpg titles like NWN 1-2  BDG  1-2 ithink its worth a try."
,Recommended,230230,11024304,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lestibournes,"When I purchased this game, it was late in Early-Access. I played it for a few hours, and got pretty into it - My inner tabletop gamer was let loose, like a famished lion at a steakhouse I chewed through the content.Little did I realize, what I was playing was only 1/4 of what awaited me at release.Release day rolled around, and I was like a little boy on Christmas Day, I couldn't wait to get home and start playing it.And when I did, my life was thrown out the window. I had a long weekend (Due to the holiday) and spent the entirety of it completely immersed in Rivelon (The world of divinity), shirking hygiene and all responsibility (save for family visits on the 4th) in order to complete my quest.Finally, at the end of day 5, I fought, and defeated the final boss of the game (Or so I thought) only to find out that that was only the end of the FIRST ACT.Something inside me broke, as I realized I had spent the better part of fourty hours working toward a goal that only amounted to a quarter of the game's overarching story.This game, it will be the death of me (or at least my marriage)."
76561198007663277,Recommended,230230,11059755,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jewel_Runner_VR,Final Fantasy Tactics meets Dragon Age meets Baldurs Gate meets Xcom meets the Ultima series. Truelly an epic turn based RPG.
,Recommended,230230,11428329,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Thak,Some sentient door asked me to do some trial so that I may be able to pass through. Force attacked the mofo instead. 30 minutes of ctrl+clicking its 50k+ HP. Time well spent.10/10
,Recommended,230230,11072898,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Barace,"That was amazing. 51 hours of good ol' RPG adventuring.Classless system is great, spell interactions work amazingly. Nothing as cool as dying because you left too much blood over the place and now your enemies are shocking you by electrifying it.World is pretty damn huge and has a LOT of stuff to do and discover. Almost feels elderscrolls-like.A few exploits, but that's kind of part of RPGs. Gives you more options to say, beat a boss you shouldn't be beating yet, as long as you're willing to figure out a few line of sight tricks or teleport locations, etc.Spell and character type imbalances are definitely there. Beat the game without having to do any spell combination research, so it's definitely not a big problem. There are always ways to beat difficult fights, just need to figure them out.The story isn't terrible, but it's nothing interesting either.. most of the great parts are in sidequests or just exploration.A better story would make this game a 10/10.Would recommend to anyone that's looking to sit down and play a RPG for a while. Not the fastest game, but I wouldn't want it to be... the slow pace is just part of the experience of taking in the detailed world."
76561198036720522,Recommended,230230,10783476,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ,I'll give this game a solid neat/10.Really pisses straight in my wheaties though whenever it's only two player when the party limit happens to be 4.Otherwise it's like Magika and you ♥♥♥♥ on things.Would buy again.
,Recommended,230230,10986774,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Joe,I can't get past the character creation screen.
76561198013818029,Recommended,230230,10137567,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,superawesome,"70 hours in early access speaks for itself ;)I love RPGs, and this is shaping up to possible be the best one ever."
,Recommended,230230,10842493,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vicious,"Lots of fun, can't wait for the official release"
76561198002606504,Recommended,230230,11002131,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,hmurrieta,"Excellent game, fun mechanics and an enjoyable plot. Definitely worth it."
76561197972561077,Recommended,230230,11007672,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,lowix,Modern Turn based Stratagy/RPG with a good story.  I recomend.
76561198058632340,Recommended,230230,27539604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shokata,"Hardest, most demanding RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,230230,17649297,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,roy.bangs,stuck a bucket on my head and spent an hour walking around looking for a lighthouse...10/10 would bucketrage again
76561198056971459,Recommended,230230,11330329,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Bandaidsock,"So good. Turn based, strategy, RPG etc"
,Recommended,230230,11332844,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,LordChambers86,"I have too many good things to say about this fantastic game so i'll keep it short and sweet.If you're a fan of the old Divine Divinity games then you'll love this. It has a perfect combination of real time strategy and turn based combat, excellent and satisfying leveling system and great immersive dialog.Buy this game, right now."
76561198079002400,Recommended,230230,11334495,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ryimingpeng,"oh, my! never got this bored playing a rpg game"
76561198018963126,Recommended,230230,11338062,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,OneRefuse2Die,"If you enjoy the freedom and difficulty of pen and paper rpg's, if you enjoyed the old fallouts, ultimas, baldur's gates...... Dare I say Larian has brought all this back with a vengence, and then upped the ante. I'm so proud of these folks that made this game. So refreshing, yet nostalgic at the same time. WOW what a game. Cannot wait to see what Larian updates to this in the future. Even more so the fans - looking forward to the mods, steam workshop on a game like this.... Thanks for not cookie cutting, Thanks for the imagination, thanks for the freedom, thanks thanks thanks!!!!"
,Recommended,230230,11329449,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rangard,"Well worked classic for those who, like me myself, miss something of Buldars and Icewind."
76561197960441642,Recommended,230230,11331339,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,KingMUH!,imba! Baldurs Gate Style. Impressive Story and detail. If you love RPG - you gotta buy it!
,Recommended,230230,11330430,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,pancibus,"If you enjoy playing old style RPG's like Baldur's Gate, do yourself a favour and buy this one right now !Absolutely fantastic game, very little ""hand-holding"",  deep turn-based combat system, intriguing quests, all that you could possibly want and more ."
76561198017281497,Recommended,230230,11332237,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Black Junicorn,"Its like a good old RPG, you can do what you want, but all you do have consequnses for the storie.You can cross class in to anything you want, Twohanded Axe and Fire magic sure why not, Bow and frost magic, Staff and strenght attacks every thing is possible if you can make it!"
,Recommended,230230,14350034,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Vixie,<3
,Recommended,230230,15216142,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,123,"Top game! If your anulas is getting sore from sitting on the fence to buy this game or not, just buy it."
,Recommended,230230,15719022,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[M3RC] Señor Sojex,Great Game. I will elaborate more on it at a later time but it's a solid RPG.
76561198079905726,Recommended,230230,10027627,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,wolf_whisper,"I have put a few hours in this game and already I am a big fan. The team behind divinity knows what they are doing. I love the game play, graphics, and the new features like the effects on spells. This is a great game. Keep up the good work guys! I expect great things in the future!"
76561197966203934,Recommended,230230,12236670,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Epic just Epic, started at 7pm got tired and wanted hiting my bed and though its sure already 11-12PM, i get out and wacht at the windows corner clock and see 3.40AM and though WTF,  this game is magic it can speed up the time flow, SICK. xD (im glad i have Holiday ;) )If u get Melee fighter u get a new meaning of ""Fisting"" xD.11/10"
76561197982727216,Recommended,230230,15421245,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,alanisman1,"Divinity: Original Sin is an isometric RPG (similar to Diablo and Baldur's Gate) with an equal emphasis between combat and role playing.  The story is interesting and the puzzles and mysteries did manage to keep me guessing.  I love the excellent combat system which kept battles fun even when I had to reload due to a poor outcome.  Although there are a few minor flaws, I am having a lot of fun with this game.  Recommended!PROS+ Having TWO main characters (each with their own dialogue choices) is cool+ Excellent skill and ability system (with bonuses based on dialogue choices)+ Skills and abilities affect combat, role-playing, and exploration equally+ Detailed graphics, sound and music+ Exceptional combat and elemental system allows for highly tactical battles+ Replaying battles with different strategies will change outcomes dramatically+ Lots of charming details in the world and its inhabitantsCONS- Additional party members aren't very memorable or customizable- Rock, Paper, Scissors mini-game to convince or charm others is ridiculous- Very little voice acting requires lots of reading- Lots of saving and reloading (but has excellent 5x Quick Save system)- Inventory management can be complex if you're a hoarder (like me)- Fairly linear (going where you shouldn't will get you killed)"
76561197996832469,Recommended,230230,18079332,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Fat Mike,One of the best RPGs I've ever played.It's worth every penny.
,Recommended,230230,11532158,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,themanlydeadguy,I talked with a dog. 5/5
76561198007417448,Recommended,230230,11564173,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Rampage[KWSN],What a great game!!!
76561198038521291,Recommended,230230,11559447,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Ⓛabet 💪🐗,Tried to pickpocket a bull.... the whole city was trying to kill me
,Recommended,230230,11529451,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Honorable Chey,"A+++, 99/100, 5 stars, 7000 dickz"
76561198030308892,Recommended,230230,11381111,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ptrickz,"This game is very gud. Combat is really NICUU, with a lot of strategical and tactical♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. Single player is for freaks without friends, because you're forced into talking/rock-paper-scissoring with yourself. Not cool, developers. You can, however, skip that part and just enjoy the game and its story. Otherwise, for the Betas that can't do socialize or an hero, you can go join and♥♥♥♥♥up some other beta's game. For the real pros there's playing with an actual bro, and enjoy the game to its full potential.TL;DR: Single player is weird as♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it basically forces you into Roleplaying with yourself. Multiplayer is fun, and combat is brilliant.PS: This game is putting heavy emphasis on RP. No, seriously, it ♥♥♥♥♥ RP on your head until you ♥♥♥♥ing drown in it. If you don't like that stuff, i can't really recommend this for you. Unless you like turn-based combat. There is no better combat than this."
,Recommended,230230,12712387,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Tomtom,Best game I've ever played.
76561198001071034,Recommended,230230,12872949,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cpt. Fruitpoops Mcflurbleberbler,"Possibly the best RPG I've ever played.I will be honest though and say that even though the limited amount of voice acting in the game is amazing, I do wish that it was fully voiced. That being said, the writing is phenomenal for a video game. It's been quite some time since I've played a game that had such good writing.Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198007183343,Recommended,230230,12675195,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,steakje,It has been a long time since I enjoy a RPG that much. Co-op is so great !
76561197983688965,Recommended,230230,12794337,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Apn,"the combat inside this game is turn based magic, and i have to say it is absolutely turn based mind blowing awsome, however there are some very dicey moments throughout gamplay one being, just an egsamplea quest system with abolutely no clue as to where your supposed to go, its quite annoying and turns the whole game into a point and click run about not having any fun cus i dont have a clue what to do next before my next awsome combat. it acctually makes me whant to smash my face into the keyboard repeatedly because I JUST WAT TO PLAY THE COMBAT.ok next problem of a similar nature are the puzzels, many a time you will find yourself incredibly bored in exactly the right place but unable to progress because your toon hasnt spotted the microscopic 'switch' that opens the door. its not really at home in a game like this as everything is very very tiny and a switch sized item is like looking for a needle in a haystack, its like they tried to do too much and wanted the whole detective noir thing going on in a rpg game.next its the completely awsome crafting system.its very well implemented like someone spent a long time trying to make it useful but also interesting and yet not overstimulating. however they never really seemed to try to implement crafting into the game, for egsample one of my charecters was a ranger, now they absolutely need the crafting system to make different types of arrows. it would have been nice as a ranger to have a book that filled itself in as i discovered new arrrow recipes also if it explained to me what i should do at a basic level.instead i learnt the crafting system from books i found adventuring. books that have the WRONG information in them. it says to make arrow shafts from a knife with a log but in my game this makes a stake, like for killing vampires. no no no do you know how annoying it is to have a crafting system with absolutely no dicernable information in the game. its totally annoying as hell as it takes no real scripting power to just simply apply a little organization. I did use the system from wikipedia in the end and many of the items i love in the game are made using the in game mysterious crafting system.the inventoy is one of the real headaches in the game, after you play for a long time the icons all seem to merge toether and they are small and have no unique qualities its become a major headache during long term play just looking for the 'creepy eye' or hair you just looted. they really need a search system as most gamers who have player 30+ hours will have memorfized the go to items that they love.my next gripe is with the group of heros and thier lack of inventory coopereration. for egsample my rougue type assasin charecter was my blacksmith. and whenever i needed things repaired i would have to go through  him. is it not to much to ask that i dont have to move the said item off my other bloke and place it in his inventory, in most games having a blacksmith, crafter or loremaster means the whole group gains that respective skills simply as a form of cooperation rather than immersion breaking as it is a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥moving items to and fro.many of the words in the game are simply unpronoucable or sound incredibly made up and i personally hate become obsessed with this and drift away while im reading long speeches with nonsense words that dont even sound convincing, its just a little thing but i cant read that sort of thing. tenebrium - a metal. i could give more egsamples but i would be making things up like greshenek. acctually thats quite good.right now i know it was kickstarted and stuff, but its just soo good i really really wanted a real game. it is flawed in so many ways yet it is also so beautiful in ways you have and never will experience again. if only they had focused on the positive parts of the game.i dont know if you have played the game but sitting around a D&D type table with dwarves and barman roleplaying, going nowhere, solving no puzzels and being sent on awsome dungeon crawls would have been so much better.but get this game its good"
76561198139814801,Recommended,230230,12817881,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,zc35,Best RPG I've played of this kind ever. It is a must have for all RPG fans.
76561197993372981,Recommended,230230,8744206,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Pugachu,"As soon as I saw this on steam I brought it, the origional divine divinity was fantastic, if you enjoyed that you will love this."
,Recommended,230230,12767739,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nev12,"If you enjoy turn-based combat then this is certainly the game for you, combat in this game is simply good. Of course it has it's flaws, like bugs(which seem to be fixed with new patches frequently enough), or the bad writing, but at least it doesn't take itself seriously. All in all it's still a good game.tl;drgood for combat♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,230230,12782220,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,seamaf,"This is an absolutely incredible game. I highly recommend playing it with a friend if possible.Bar none, this is the best RPG I have played in years. Dungeons and Dragons fans rejoice, for this game is a wonderful video game representation of various D&D mechanics."
,Recommended,230230,12798103,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,rudeb0t,"Pros:GraphicsThe environment design is superbly done. The level of details on the character models and environmental effects are very good and help with the immersion. If you have a decent enough graphics card, crank up the detail level to get the best experience.Combat SystemStacking spells is fun and the results can be surprising sometimes. The ability to use the environment is a big plus as well. The turn-based combat allows you to plan out your attack/defense without frantic button mashing.StoryThe lore and story is pretty good. Some very funny moments in there as well.Length and PacingSomehow it feels ""just right"". It's not too level-grindey nor is it too fast-paced.ConsNon-linearity breaks some story elementsDue to the fact that you can progress your own way without a set path, some story elements can break and you are often left wondering, ""Did I leave something out?""Crafting systemI find it is a bit disappointing that you cannot craft items with legendary stats and some item crafting combinations do not really make sense when you think about it. Overall, it feels quite dodgy and forced. Some item combinations that you would expect to work just don't, (e.g., Mysterious Dye, adding elemental damage to some weapons)These two cons aside, this is a very good CRPG."
76561197972380613,Recommended,230230,12798637,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Deprivator,"This game is awesome, a bit tough (if that worries you, easy is easy), it is very much like the Baldur's Gate and Ice Wind Dale series, a bit never winter night-ish as well.  I have been sinking time into this game and only just got it a few days ago.  It has totally consumed my game time and I've only played it single player.  I'd almost recommend putting 10-15 hours into the game and then starting over with new custom characters once you understand how everything works.  I feel like I could have started out with better stats now that I've got a bit of time played and understand the attributes, skills, talents, etc.  Also knowing the free characters you get early on would help prevent any early duplication in skills.  Lastly, at a certain point into the game you can really customize your party, although I've been really sticking with my first 4 and making it work.  I'm curious if and when I'll go pick up some new characters, been getting attached to the ones I have.  Can't recommend this game enough for any RPG fan, and without having to pay full price, yet feeling like you got a $50-$60 dollar game out of it."
76561198007705355,Recommended,230230,12837454,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,svlbig,"This game is great, period.Anyone thats looking for old school type of RPG with some modern touch, aka BG2 in 2014, this is for you.Would have liked to have a longer compaign, as you can really finish the main story line in 20-25hrs, I managed to squeeze out about 55hrs by trying to hit all the side quests which are entertaining but can be easily missed if you arent going out of your way to do them.Some areas are frustratingly hard, but they are few in between, so in all honesty i do not know why so many people complained about the difficulty of the game...if you beat BG & Planescape Torment before, you'll have no problems here blowing through even the final boss on normal difficulty."
,Recommended,230230,13002009,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,T-20,"If you're a fan of classic, old school era RPGs, then this game is definately worth a solid look.  Fans of the Baldur's Gate saga will be most at home with this game."
76561197972953126,Recommended,230230,13070507,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,PozerWolf,This is my GOTY for 2014. Never thought I'd find myself addicated to an RPG in a long time.
,Recommended,230230,11424871,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,AnimeIRL,i threw a box at a wizard then got blown up trying to rob a grave. A+
76561198021708061,Recommended,230230,10443505,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,daft73,"Turning into a great game, really wortha look...Character development, interesting elemental gameplay, story, Larian humor.."
,Recommended,230230,10546069,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ThanksFirery.,"If you don't buy and play this game, you are an uncultured pleb with no taste in games."
76561198001280762,Recommended,230230,11693822,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Cattleprod,"Refreshing - Great Combat.  Good pace.  Slightly overwhelming to a noob... but that makes it great fun!I've never been a fan of reading storyline or extensive dialog, but I realize that comes with the genre.I would recommend to anyone who wants a step back from fast paced shooters or rushing - linear gameplay of Diablo.  I welcome the change!Great Fun.  Hope more friends buy it!"
,Recommended,230230,16484192,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CodeineCampbell,Amazing yet different addition to the series.
,Recommended,230230,11960710,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Fat Ninja,Great game with some flaws. Only for hardcore rpg fans.
,Recommended,230230,16529427,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Naesinth,"this was one of those random games that you buy out of curiosity because you have never heard of it before. And Admittedly, it was definitely worth the buy. It is a really fun game. And though it can be hard to figure things out at first. It is a great game to co-op in."
,Recommended,230230,16480663,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[1UN]Ginger Friction,One of the best co op experiences I have had with any RPG. My friend and I have spent over 200 hours completing the game leveling our characters and immersing ourselves in the lore.We are already planning on replaying the game and then buying and playing the Enhanced Edition coming out later this year along with any other title the company puts out.
76561198143353531,Recommended,230230,16496357,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,andreakym,"I'm loving this game, especially for its dynamic combat system. This is the most enjoyable turn-based combat I've ever seen. While anything works, I just can't get enough of the earth/fire magic combo for massive explosions! 10/10, definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,230230,20987363,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JAnderson,RPG checkTop notch gameplay checkPretty graphics checkHilarious humor checkAwesome all around checkHELL YES GET IT!
,Recommended,230230,11406936,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,hl2.exe,GOTY 2014.
,Recommended,230230,12228243,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Chandler,"Another fine RPG from Larian studios, but not without it's faults.Original Sin is a very open ended RPG, and truly they have succeeded on this front, almost to a fault. No areas are off limits and it's very easy to stumble into an area quite over the party's head. The game is built around these freedoms and the engine and game systems in place do a fantastic job at allowing you those freedoms. There was one point where this freedom was troublesome for me, and I eventally arrived at a point where I was unable to progress and unsure why. Some google research led me to a ""quest"" (not in my journal) that I needed to do in order to do another thing... to do another thing... to progress in the story. I don't want to give more details, as it would be spoilers, but needless to say there probably should have been a quest entry for the initial ""wall"" that I hit.All that aside, the game is very well done. The combat is fun and the enviornmental interaction is all top notch. The skills are interesting and you can make quite a few different types of characters. Combining spell effects leads to interesting combinations and allows you to think outside the box in order to overcome battles that may have otherwise been too difficult for your party.What the game makes up for in open-endedness, it lacks in story. The story isn't awful, by any means, but the above-mentioned ""wall"" that I hit made it so I basically put a pause on the story for 75% of the game and then was rushed through all of it hours before the finale. Sort of silly.Graphics are good, writing is acceptable, and I encountered very few bugs.Overall, would recommend, but don't feel bad if you have to look at a guide online a few times."
76561197999866270,Recommended,230230,8805137,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Wykstromius,"So far the character creation is limited and has parts that are not working but the gameplay itself is reasonably smooth and functional.  It is one of the more 'playable' early access games I have paid for so I recommend it for fans of both the Divinity series and turn-based rpgs like Baldur's Gate or Fallout classic.Edit:I'm leaving my 'early access' review because it was valid at the time, I just want to make a correction that the character creation is fully fleshed out now and the game is very satisfying, especially the multioplayer co-op."
,Recommended,230230,10972810,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Doc Problems,"Played epic Rock, Paper, Scissors for a Sentient Clams life, would sell clam again!"
,Recommended,230230,9721761,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Belial,"Potentially best Fantasy RPG since Dragon Age:OriginsDivinity has finally entered its beta stage, thus we get a good glimpse into what kind of game final release would be.One of its main appealing qualities is graphics, which have been further improved since alpha. textures, effects, details and animations all are beautiful and run smoothly even in games early stage.Game story starts off fascinating: in a world living under constant fear of ""sourcery"", two inqusitors set to investigate local murder. As they carry out their mission it becomes clear that a malevolent force is in motion here and murder is just a part of a much larger sceme. Unfortunately, story is quickly deteriorates to simple ""save-the-world"" scenario, from there on - not much to talk about. Somehow it is not the ""big"" things the game shines, but the details.Quests are plenty and fortunately not repeatetive at the moment, thanks to the deep game mechanics that allow to approach tasks differently.From what I've seen so far NPC personalities are fairly shallow, usually revolving around one characteristic, however they are still satisfying b/c dialogues revolve around two PC, each with its own personality and intricate dialogue options. Dialogue system is really smart. Faced a dilemma your PC's will trigger conversation with each other, and try to charm, reason or even intimidate each other into doing things their way. While it may seem easy as you can chose dialogue options and choose to always agree (and spare yourself some fascinating banter), you will also miss out on ability and social bonuses that develop through party communication.It is also important to pay attention to circumstances, not just ""use your best ability"" both in dialogues and combat.Dialogues feature ""situational bonuses"" which mean, that even if you're very intimidating you might not be able to threaten your way out of every encounter.Combat is a whole different story and though many in the past tried to incorporate certain levels of interactivity, D:OS is the first to nail it right. There's a lot of elements in the game and each of them has many ways to interact with others. Evaporate water or extinguish fire, burn through poisonous clouds or oiled surfaces. deep freeze or electrocute ""wet"" enemies. The possibilities do seem vast and well integrated, making a difference between easy battle and an unwinnable one.A lot of other features are implemented, such as sneaking, pickpocketing, crafting etc. There is a huge freedom in how you do things - almost every object in the game is interactible in some way. However it is delivered in a way that is not frustrating, as in some open-world games. Maybe its b/c game holds firm grasp on its story and you will never have to travel to the other side of the realm, just to find out you shoul've picked up that flask 10 hours ago.Anyway if, like me, you've been waiting for a good fantasy RPG, look no further. This may very well be the best to come since Dragon Age: Origins."
76561198041216334,Recommended,230230,10967667,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Regell,I have been waiting for this game for nearly 2 years.  Taking part in the beta has only increased my craving for the full finished product. I look forward to losing several hours of my life to this game.
,Recommended,230230,11143495,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[MF]Kinderplatz,I accidentally crushed two dudes with a barrel of water trying to help them put out the fire on their boat.  Then the rest of the crew turned hostile.  Awesome.
,Recommended,230230,11160747,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Honkfart Incorporated,Excellent tactical RPG. Gameplay Elements that remind you of Baldurs Gate with a combat system jacked straight from Fallout.Great writing. Wonderful Soundtrack. Decent Humor. Well done controls. Everything about Divinity: Original Sin justified the $40. Easily one of the best RPGs I've played in years.
76561198066427090,Recommended,230230,11140086,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Irinyes,"I've been addicted to this game since I bought it, even my girlfriend has kinda lost me to this game."
76561198011426093,Recommended,230230,11143335,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bonesbrooke,Best game I've played in a while. Doesn't hold your hand and can be balls to the wall hard at times....gotta watch your surroundings and use everything you can to your advantage....10/10P.S. game is impossible unless you hire to two companions in the first town at the beginning....so do that
76561198017183392,Recommended,230230,11147553,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,IBuProfen,"Okay, first off I'll try to write this review in assumption that half of you reading have played games like this (Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights) while the other half aren't really familiar with the DnD playstyle.The Good:1) Visually satisfying. The environment, character modles, and partical effects of spells are stunning. I could try to describe it with and do it little justice. So just look at some screenshots and some gameplay videos. I'll try to reveal things about the game that you don't usually get from watching other people play.2) Soundtrack is quite stellar as well, again though i won't do it much justice by describing it, just watch someone stream it on Twitch.tv3) Lore/Story. I wont give anything away about the actual story, so I'll just describe how the game handles quest and such. It's a non-linear style questing system, so you can just go about your business and do whatever you want. There is a main questline in which you can progress through the main/side quests without going through a set series of NPCs to talk to. You need to find a missing NPC? You dont need to have the quest before hand. Exampl: NPC needs you to find a missing item. You can stumble upon it and retrieve it without having the quest and when the NPC requests you to find the item, you can present it to them. That goes with almost all other kinds of quests.4) Crafting. Quite fun. The crafting is like MInecraft's system in a sense that you can make anything just know YOU (the player) personally know the what do combine. The only contributes in which crafting skills add is to unlock higher tiered items to make and crafting time (from what I've noticed). There are books in-game that have a fun (fun for me) description on how to craft stuff. A crafitng book may have a flavor like. . . ""I'm no lumberjack, but anytime I come across a log, I take my trusty axe to get some. I'll whittle it away with a knife to make a couple of stakes, and those blasted wizards always want some of the leftover woodchips for some reason."" So that recipe pretty much tells you to get logs from in-game environmental logs on the ground. Combine a knife and a log to make a stake and woodchips. Other examples of how to craft is by combining Flour and Water to make Dough. Combine a hammer to a tomato to make tomato sauce. Combine the sauce and dough to make pizza dough. Toss that into an oven to make a pizza!Oh, and this made me EXCEEDLING happy when I found out that you can combine a Fly Agaric Mushroom and an Empty Flask to make a Poison Potion. THEN! you can combine it with a weapon, and your weapon will have a permanent Poison x-y damage. I'm still trying out some of the other crafting stuff, so there's still a lot to find out.5) Combat. The nitty gritty of the game. It's turned base combat. The order in turns is determined by how much Intiative you have and it is affected by your Speed attribute; there are a total of 5 attribute stats: Strengh, Dexterity, Constitution, Speed, Perception. EVERYTHING in combat is dicated by Action Points (AP), there is no mana to cast spells; they all run on AP and cooldown timers (in turns, ie: 3 turn cooldown). You want to walk over to that zombie and start unloading on him? You need to spend AP to move there AND then spend more AP to swing your weapon. Movement dictates how many meters you can walk in 1 AP. Movement is affected by type of armor (heavier gives you a movement penalty, but can be reduced or removed with ability points), and the Speed attribute also dictates your movement. Various attribute stats also affect your Maximum AP, Starting AP, and Per Turn AP. Maximum Ap is pretty self-explanitory. Your starting AP determines how much of your max AP you have at the very beginning of the battle. Your Per Turn AP helps you gain more AP per turn. You may also save or roll-over unused AP to unleash on a monster that you just tripped (tripped/stunned monsters have a 100% to be hit). Different types of weapons inherintly use more or less AP. Daggers use 2, one-handed Axes/Swords/Maces use 3. Two-handed weapons use 4(two-handed axes/swords/staves). Bows use 4, and Crossbows use 6. I believe.Okay, phew. Now that AP is taken cared of. Actual combat is quite challenging. It is imperative when battle is initiated that you analyze the battlefield, since all encounters have been hand-placed by the devs, each of the have different playstyle flavors. Some encounters will be better utilized if you have a wizard throw a fireball at barrels of oil to it will light up and burn them all. Or some encounters may favor a sneaky rogue backstabbing (backstabs have a 100% to crit) those mages in the back before your party rushes in. Analyzing the battlefield is so important, not just because of the combination of the monsters and their positions but environmental factors also play a huge role.Elemental Synergy has been worked in this game beautifully. You see enemies standing in a puddle of water? Throw a lightening bolt in it and it will stun anyone in the puddle. Don't have a lightening skill? Throw a fireball or have a ranger shoot a fire arrow in the water to turn it into vapor-- which will obscure vision from those pesky archers *Beware, though, your vision is also hindered behind the vapor*One of the available abilities in the game is Loremaster, which also allows you to identify magical items to see their properties. It also allows you to view the stats of the enemies whening holding down CTRL. With higher levels of Loremaster you'll be able to see the enemies Hp/Max HP, AP/Max AP, Resistances, Armor. Also if you like lore or you just like to be immersed in your games and read a lot/everything you can stumble upon useful information like, this archeologists tells you that skeletons are more resistant to piercing damage but if you have a mace or any crushing damage, their bones will turn to dust. Later on, you can find out through other spells that skeletons have a 75% resistance to piercing damage and take extra damage from crushing.6) Co-op. I had generally wanted to list this in ""The Bad"" section only because the game limits you to two players, but there are available mods to make it into 4. I personally exptec it to be a 4 player game because its predecessor (Baldur's Gate & Neverwinter Nights) had 4 players, odd decision to go to a 2 player cap. ALTHOUGH, how many people really have 4 friends to really dive into the lore and play for hours and hours and only be level 2 or 3. So there's the counter-argument. Otherwise, the co-op is superb. The host saves and loads but there are also drop-in and drop-out public gameplay.One of the features in this game allows the two main characters (both single and co-op) to both react to environmental factors or decisions. Early on, you find Ishmashell and you have two opposing options. One essentially good, the other evil. If both of you decide two different options there will be a rock-paper-scissors minigame. You need to score 10 points to win and have your way. If you have charm/intimidate/reason points then every win you get awards you the respective points. Someone with 4 intimidate battles someone with 2 reason, the person with 4 intimidate only needs to win 3 games; whereas, the latter person needs to win 5 games. This applies to trying to intimidate/reason/charm NPCs.I will post 'The Bad' section on another post. I am running out of room."
,Recommended,230230,11241341,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jessiah,10ish hours in now.  Pure old school awesomeness.  This is the review that finally sold me on buying it (and I am so so so glad I did):http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDaYWfqJD3g.
,Recommended,230230,11161094,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Danimal66,This game is Epic in scale and I love the turn based combat. Graphics are great and I like that you can go anywhere and if you're not ready it kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.
76561198038712589,Recommended,230230,11146272,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Isaiah,"My friend and I found a graveyard. We looked around and found a shovel, and then decided to dig up the graves, and found an angry skeleton/husband/zombie thing. After that we teleported the skeleton (being too lazy to fight it) to a nearby lady mourning the death of her husband and it killed her, while we ran away. 10/10"
,Recommended,230230,11235933,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dexter Milo,"I cannot describe how refreshing it was to play this game after years of dissapointing RPG releases. A good friend of mine echoed exactly what I feel about this game, ""This game is amaing, it is exactly what I wanted!"" The fact that we can experience exactly what we wanted together in coop is just amazing. Thank you for making this game.There have been some bugs in multiplayer, but nothing gamebreaking. My biggest ""complaint"" about gameplay is that after 20 hours I have barely found a use for all of the ingredients that I have picked up. The crafting system may take some effort to get into and I generally haven't been rewarded for taking the time to try. This may be due to my unwillingness to read information online about the game. I do think it could be made a little more approachable."
,Recommended,230230,11130963,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,gunnn2,"AWESOME game, a modern Baldurs gate, very very fun. But its definatly not a Diablo clone.. a thinkers game."
,Recommended,230230,11161589,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cuddle Buddee,"Old school feel, with new school graphics from a proven developer."
,Recommended,230230,10975062,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Aevard,"An engaging and interesting take on the isometric RPG, with an expansive level of world interaction."
,Recommended,230230,10967536,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BioBrain,Ultima 7 in 3D.
76561198128558703,Recommended,230230,27283099,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bigby Wolf,"I actually played the original Divinity games... They were really poor. In-fact to me, the second was one of the most terrible  games I had ever played. This did put me off before I played this, I must say. I got over my fears after seeing what they were attempting to achieve. I helped with the kickstarter and regret nothing from that. Divinity: Original sin is a wonderful game.As an RPG it is unique. This top down old school style mixed with turn based combat is truly engaging. It's a massive game full of gigantic areas and many quests. With the added bonus of a co op mode (something rare in these type of games in the past) The writing is a little flat and in truth I found the plot after chapter 1 (which is very intersting) loses it's way towards the end. In general if say we are to compare it to Pillars of eternity for writing, well we simply can't, but on it's own, with no comparrision, it's passable.Divinity is a rough gem that keeps you coming back for more. One of the most chaotic video games in many ways (like the back pack.....) but there is something so wonderful about winning a large scale battle, actualy achievement in a tactical sense that keeps you pushing ever forwards.  The maps are wonderful and in a graphical sense I really thought it was ace. It's a bit of a chalk and cheese game. Much annoyed me but also, at the same time, much I was inspired by.Overall very worth buying and a no brainer for any RPG fan while on sale. 3.6 outa' 5!"
76561198033323688,Recommended,230230,13581831,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Audie Murphy,"If you think you might like playing a game that is literally the best to date version of a D&D style video game, then buy this now...If you don't like fun, then don't buy this game.OP/10"
,Recommended,230230,35088483,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,"Treasure ahead, therefore try alt."
76561197968077247,Not Recommended,230230,13377764,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tekii,"This game is seriously overrated, played more than 50 hours and most of them were you guessed it, running around looking for quests or reloading after some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that goes in combat.Baldur's Gate had great gameplay, this game doesn't, to start you must use elements to win and for that you need to be a mage one way or the other, warriors, archers and rogues are screwed if they don't use elements, plus the system is further flawed when you realize that there is no freedom, you must follow the same path all the time yet because it is ""old school"" it gets a free card, you must do the damn quests in town ( all linked mind you) to be able to stand a chance against overpowered enemies.Another gameplay flaw, poor AI that has to be made up with enemies always being stronger and numerous than you that on top of that will casts crowd control spells  on you max 4 min 2 members, in fact this game can only be won by abusing of CC, try to take on enemies with meele, ranged and magic that has no crowd control ( no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stunned, freezing and slipping, smoke and any other), you'll get stomped all the damn time.Lets not forget the wonderful loot that is randomnised like in a ARPG, so unless you are lucky, keep reloading to abuse the system.There is far more to say, for instance useless and too few talents, non-sensical trait system, the skill and attribute system making hybrids or any custom class crap, constant misclicking, bad UI, the  long and long battles ( all the same every playthrough, no random encounters), the bad mapping, bugs and glitches, bad crafting system and lack of deph in the world, you will fight undead most of the time, with the same tactics, same weapon types, same companions, same awful story and the goddamn same slow movement and animation!"
76561198045068218,Recommended,230230,11682065,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,hyperion,"This is a great game, one of the great RPGs of all time. I've been playing about 120 hours, so I guess that says a ittle in itself about how much I like the game. So here is my review:First of all, I don't like Isometric view in a game, I actually hate it. But for this game with it's turn based combat, it works ok. It is by far the best of this type game ever released. Baldurs Gate, Planescape Torment and all of those older games all suck so bad that for me, they are unplayable. So I was pleasantly surprised when I took a chance on the game and it turned out to be so good.The most negative thing about the game is the camera. That has been improved a lot. I bought the game on the first day of release and the camera annoyed me to the point that I wasn't too sure I could keep playing. But I did and the camera control has got much better and I'm also a lot more used to it now..The best thing about the game is the turned based combat, it's fantastic. The imporatnance of strategy and tactical approach to the combat is very important. A lot of times, you will find yourself in a situation where you are out numbered and the enemies are all higher level than you. But if your strategy and tactical skill is good enough, you can win. You get in situations where you have to really fight smart. This is very rewarding and what makes this game exceptional.The game is also deep. The quests and storyline are deep and many of the quests are very twisted and will surprise you. Character building is also very deep and it might be a little too much for a gamer who doesn't really love RPGs, but if you do love RPGs, you will like this aspect of the game also.I have heard a lot of people say bad things about the graphics in this game. I think they are quite pleasant myself, especially for how huge this game is.Overall I would have to rate the game like this:Story/Quests: 7Graphics: 6Camera Control: 5Soundtrack: 8Combat: 10Great game, I highly recommend it for anyone who loves RPGs and turned based combat."
76561198118496779,Recommended,230230,11845799,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,snakejishi,"it is so addictive and it is making my life hard while thinking over it in sleeping, eating, and doing anything else. It drains mind of anything else except it.I just wanna ♥♥♥♥ing finish it and get over with my life. am on hard, second playthrough at level 5, and look how many hrs I have on it. This my second playthrough becz my first one with misputting my points :/an advise: if u wanna live a normal life, then do not buy it ;)Every word is serious...."
,Recommended,230230,11073875,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Emilia,I dug up a grave with a shovel and it exploded 10/10 goty
76561198015572241,Recommended,230230,13167783,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,$#@%!,Look at my hours played..... That says enough about it.
76561198128357793,Recommended,230230,14134814,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dabeffst,the loading screen music is simply exquisite
76561198017092991,Recommended,230230,8970998,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,b5001,good game best rpg in a while
76561198030235524,Recommended,230230,10422618,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,MingtheMerciless,"This game isn't for everyone, but if you enjoy old school turn based rpg's then you'll be in heaven. Still a few bugs in early access, but the game is shaping up to be one of the best rpg's I've played in years. Plays like a turn based version of baldurs gate, with destructable and fully interactive environments to can be used to your advantage in fights. Voice work to be added soon, and that's really the only thing I can find that's bad about the game. Must buy for any rpg fan...5/5"
,Recommended,230230,10988192,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Humungus,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,230230,8789841,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,windcrawler,"Looking pretty good for an alpha! Not enough though, I always want to play more"
,Recommended,230230,12282097,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"I played this game so much but honnestly, i'm not that happy with this game.First the good things:Combats are fun: you can really experiment with multiple spells and combat actions + the dumb A.I is sometimes really funny : ""sorry mate I threw a a fireball at our feet, are we still friends?""The humour: I simply like it, especially when u talk to  animalsKinda cute: not gorgeous but well, it's kinda neat.Cons:The storry : not interesting at all, didn't bother to read past half the game.The inventory: u can grab so much things in this game taht your inventory becomes a mess really quick. And it put me away from the craft system wich I didn't use.Overall, good game but really not the classic i was told it was.Buy it, it's good, but it's sometimes frustrating and don't expect a PST storry, it's as boring as talking to a mute cat."
,Recommended,230230,12378726,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"""It's over... It's FINALLY over."" After drudging through DOS's heavily padded campaign, unlocking the ""real"" final, final boss, and beating it after a crash on Turn 30, this was all I could think. Divinity: Original Sin starts out beautifully by dropping you off in a large seaport town called Cyseal, the start of your murder mystery. The first dozen or so hours are gripping; not because the plot is particularly good, but because Cyseal feels like a handcrafted cRPG town of old, a gigantic playground for your heroes to explore. However, even within this first area, the game's problems start to rear their ugly heads.The Journal system is almost useless. Quests are just dumped into your book with no filtering or sorting options besides being able to toggle visibility of completed quests. Two very important quests (one was required to continue the story and and another to unlock the ""real"" final boss fight) were lost in the list of tedious & ambiguous side quests that I picked up along the way. The Journal is also wildly inconsistent with how quests are followed and marked: some quests will drop markers for each part on your map, while others are so vague they will have one line of text saying ""congrats! you did it!"" with no indication of how to continue the quest. Too many times I had to go to Google just to figure out where I was supposed to go for a quest because the journal, local NPCs, and pocket portal friends were clueless or just too vague.The plot, its pacing, and the gameplay's pacing are all terrible. Many parts of the game involve listening to long-winded NPCs tell you their life story so you can pick up a side quest from them that will simply unlock their store front (or something similarly unimportant). D:OS is overly compartmentalized; you can feel the devs saying ""Okay, combat NOW! Okay, 5 hours of NPC chat NOW!"" I don't have a problem with reading text in a RPG but D:OS often feels like NPCs are chatting just for the sake of chatting. The story is heavily padded with long, boring sequences that stray from any semblance of plot that the game tries to carry. Too many times I loaded up my saved game and thought ""What am I even doing here? Where am I supposed to go? What does this have to do with the story?"" The main story itself is godawful too, shoveling in every trope the devs can think of (ancient evils awakening, chosen heroes with amnesia, pandora's box, an evil church, an evil twin sister, etc.) that attempts to twist and turn through a series of often predictable events that your characters have little effect on.  Despite having little voice acting, there are few real dialogue options; most of the time during important NPC conversations, you're sitting there reading page after page of text, pressing 1 repeatedly until you get the chance to press 2 because you have a key item in your inventory from a side quest.Even though the combat system is enjoyable and has plenty of room for character customization, I often found it an exercise in frustration. D:OS's combat isn't hard or even particularly challenging, the game just plays itself better than you do. Enemies often ""cheat"" by teleporting in more foes after you engage them, a la Dragon Age 2, along with summoning pets of their own. While the Magicka-style elemental combos are a unique touch to a cRPG, enemies often utilize them in unexpected ways, like shooting lightning at a pool of blood (that came out of an enemy you killed) to stun your hero for at least 2-3 rounds (not counting additional stun checks while the field is active). Combat often comes down to who can CC who harder, turning fights into a knockdown/blind/stun-fest while you beat the punching bag enemies before they can summon pets or kill your mages in one enemy's turn. At least a third of the spells in the game have direct upgrades making many early spells obsolete in 20 or so hours (why use a single target version of a spell when the AoE has the same AP cost?). This would be reasonable in a MMO but in a single player cRPG where the highest spell req is level 20, it just looks like lazy design. Like the plot, combat is too compartmentalized; many areas have large swaths of nothing, while the last map in the game has a party of 4-8 mobs every screen width.Tons of smaller issues plague this game. A clunky inventory system where important quest items gets easily lost in a sea of crafting materials. A frustrating crafting system that rewards guesswork and wiki-reading more than ingame exploration. A tedious Rock-Paper-Scissors minigame system for winning dialogue checks. A painfully long mandatory stealth sequence against invincible enemies that will kill your heroes in 2-3 hits. Although I think Divinity: Original Sin is a decent cRPG and I recommend it to fans of the genre, I feel no desire to ever play it again. Too much of D:OS is just tedious busywork in a predictable story that is stretched too thin to be consistently enjoyable."
,Recommended,230230,12112568,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Dradoh,"by default one of the better rpgs in years.  i couldnt get passed the poor story/dialog.  wanna see a classic example of germans trying to be funny, then u should get this game.  lots of good things about this game too like the lvl design and amount of depth involved with the game."
,Recommended,230230,11083840,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Oloremo,Got the ability to talk to the animals. Now I'm doing quest for local cat. 10/10.
76561198015496607,Recommended,230230,9131985,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ShogunAZ,Even tho its only a Alpha still enjoying alot
76561198004705177,Recommended,230230,11530140,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Athanas (Herf),this game
76561198041114435,Recommended,230230,10439721,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Jesus Chris,Friend tried to put a dead lamb in front of a dog and killed it.Paper skin and glass bones.10/10
,Recommended,230230,14208406,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,favus,"I could go on with a massive review of this game, but I am not going to, I am going to keep it short and simpleThis is my favourite RPG of all time... I Had no idea how good it was going to be - I orionally bought it on the strength of the engine to have a go at writing my own RPG (had some ideas for a good long while) - but i played this game and its awesome - real detail, no hand holding - nearest thing to a pen and paper RPG out there.BUY THIS GAME! no leeching DLC for you - They're STILL updating this game FOR FREE! they have a life long fan in me now, really looking forward to the next game... and I have not even finished this one yet!"
,Recommended,230230,10955152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,happycakes,Good game. Would buy more like it. Buy it today.
76561198049030556,Recommended,230230,10951183,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Minchi,I would recommend it to my friends and other players XD!!
,Recommended,230230,12043358,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"There are a lot of shennanigans you can do in the game. You can distract NPCs with one of your characters talking to it (you know, keeping an open dialog box) while with the other you steals everything that's not nailed down right in front of it's nose. You can open locked chests with your sword, that is, breaking the container and getting the contents. Heck, you can just grab the chest, locked and all, and carry it home with you.During the development, it was described stuff like, for example, if you need an item from an NPC, you can do it's quest, you can charm the NPC into giving it to you, or you can pickpocket the NPC or, if it's not on him, loot it's house, or you can level the city down and find the item in the rubris. You can subvert the game and it will just play along.How much that's true I don't know, since I'm yet to finish the game, but the game is pretty good at letting you do whatever you want. And that's why it's being that popular.If that wasn't enough, the game is very funny and everyone is voiced over, including enemies. Hearing a skeleton complaining that the other dropped oil on the floor and the other blaming it's arthritis for the accident is quite fun. You'll probably be laughing even before, when you're sneaking on them Metal Gear style to ignite the oil slick.This is a true RPG, where you can RP the ♥♥♥♥ out of the G. Buy it if you didn't yet, because it's awesome."
76561198006811318,Recommended,230230,11748753,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Gotrek,"There are games that the true, hardcore CRPG fans always resort to when describing their favorites. The older games when there was originality, creativity, good mechanics, unique stories and mental stimulated gameplay. Games like Boulders Gate, Planescape, Fallout, Return to Krondor, Might and Magic series, Wizardries Ultimas etc. etc. This game Should fit into all of those  categories. This game braught me back to when CRPGs were an event. When you had to immerse yourself into the game. And you struggle to figure things out and conquer a tough battle giving you that mental satisfaction. This game nails it. Like Divine Divinity, Divinity OS is addictivly interesting from the start. Fallout type of battle system. Music is the best you could think of. No hand holding in this. It is old school hard. Unlike console players, PC players know how to read and you will need to do a lot of it. And use your braind to figure things out. Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,230230,12017373,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Luluna,"Being a veteran player who fell in love with Divine Divinity, enjoyed Beyond Divinity, and felt Divinity II fell a little flat - Divinity: Original Sin is refreshing and hella' lotsa' fun!TL;DR - Brilliant game - Worth your money and time - Easily justifies the £30 price tag, with me currently standing at 50+ hours, still not finished, and with a reasnable amount of replayability.The game feels like it should, large open world (Albeit with 4 medium sized seperate instanced areas), which holds surprises and secrets for those that search it all. As it should.Controls are mouse control driven, and fairly easy to get the hang of. Combat is a little different to the live action style of DIvine and Beyond. Instead we have a turn based combat system. This put me off at first, but what it allows is a more tactical style of fighting. Trying to organise your steam clouds location, and well placed lightning bolt to charge the cloud would be impossibly chaotic in real time. The system can get a little sluggish when in large encounters, with the enemy AI taking large amounts of time to take its turns. However as long as you can dispatch enemy combatents quickly, the time they take quickly decreases. A live action combat style in Divnity Sin would feel a little out of place. However, perhaps a mod, or patch can create this functionality (If the engine can even support it) optionally.The game doesnt take itself too seriously, again as it should, with jokes and quirky quests around every corner. Loot is interesting and randomised. At times the pools of different cosmetics for the armor can be a little spares, but I imagine more unique skins will be added as time goes on. Unique items are interested, powerfull, and rare enough not to feel too easy to gain. Companions can be customised as much as the two main charecters, and hold there own interesting stories, and quirky comments as the adventure goes on.I havent had a chance to play CO-OP which I imagine will sell the game to a lot of people, the drop in drop out multiplayer seems easy enough to manage, and with party decisions having to be voted in, could lead to some very interesting gameplay. However lossing control of one charecter, may make combat that little bit more labourious.Sunk over 50 hours into this £30 game - £1 = 1 Hour rule easily acheived - In that regard, totally worth your money and time, for both veteran players looking for Divine nostalgia, or new players look for an interesting fantasy RPG with its own quirks and flare."
,Recommended,230230,12042360,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,<N-12> Sureshot,"I've been playing Divinity: Original Sin for some time now and what a joy its been. Anyone familiar with the other Divinity titles truly must purchase this little gem (and yes, it's worth the full price). If you're more familar with games like Baldur's Gate then likewise, you'll feel right at home here. If I were to compare the two then I have to say D:OS wins hands down. The turn based combat is fun and challenging, particularly in boss fights, and the game has lots of humour strewn throughout (Weresheep anyone?). The quests are completely non-linear, which can be as rewarding as they are annoying at times. Being so non-linear you're often left with very little information and if not completed in the right order then you can end up botching a mission without even realizing it. Some of the puzzles are ridiculously complex, so if a challenge is what you want then look no further. I've literally spent hours looking for hidden passages and switches!Overall a very solid RPG and with the modding community involved and the games level designer, I can see this game living on for many years to come. Add to this the fact that Multi-Player is so much fun, and all in all this game is a winner.Highly recommended for traditional RPG players and Strategy fans out there. I must leave you now. I have to go and hook up my Cat friend Unsinkable Sam with some P-U-S-S-Y. ;)"
76561198152067675,Recommended,230230,12036312,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Munki63,"Very good game, Wish the enemies re spawned"
,Recommended,230230,12041903,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Scáthach,"Awesome ""Back-to-the-Roots""-Rpg.It takes all that is the Baldur's Gate/Icewind Dale Series and manages to optimize it for playing with a friend.The best way to play it is to look for a good old friend or sibling, who you are used to and enjoy playing with, and go through it in your own pace (playing with my brother is awesome)."
76561197963140506,Recommended,230230,12001576,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Pingl000,"Grrrrrrreat.  Very old school Baulders or Fallout feel.  (Real Fallout, not oblivion with guns fallout)"
76561198130052012,Recommended,230230,14529435,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,philocybe,Great game!
,Recommended,230230,17921975,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dyrenex,Incredible experience when playing with loved one! Should get 10/10!
76561198045311428,Recommended,230230,12526934,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Maloney Calzoney,Good game
76561198012937510,Recommended,230230,9347498,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,nbbmo,this game is awsome
,Recommended,230230,11455184,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Daveson,Abosolutely amazing.11/10
,Recommended,230230,13171255,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Blood Arnie,"This is an old-school cRPG done right which is such a rarity these days. If you, like me, spent hours/days playing Fallout series, Baldur's Gate 1-2. Icewind Dale 1-2, Planescape: Torment and such (regardless if you finished them or not :) you will most likely love this one too. Divinity: Original Sin succeeds greatly at almost every aspect of old-school RPG: intriguing plot with plenty of quests to complete and many interesting characters to interact with; beautiful, ""warm"" graphics with colorful special effects; music and soundtrack, creating mood for adventure and exploration; battle system which can quite challenging. I particularly like the elements system in magic and how one can use nature elements for one's advantage against the enemies. And how the same nature elements can instantly paralyze/freeze/burn/shock/poison/debilitate/kill your character if they are used improperly.I guess the only thing that I didn't like or found inconveniet was loot/inventory system. It is cluttered and can be a really pain in the butt, lots of times your characters end up with tons of useless junk or used items that are real chore to trade/sell. Then again, constantly searching for new equipment or spending hours comparing different swords/bows/armor/pants can be very entertaining. :). Well done, Larian."
76561198041401673,Recommended,230230,11513344,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,InkBoy,das real good
,Recommended,230230,13031241,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Celtyrish,So many opstions to survive and Kill!This game is awsome!
,Recommended,230230,12209383,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,Best RPG since Bioshock Infinite
76561198009654235,Recommended,230230,12432147,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Morloch,"Quite possibly the best adventure RPG I've ever played.  If you enjoy that kind of thing, do NOT pass this one up!"
,Recommended,230230,11519499,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sir Papercut,You can fight a weresheep.10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,230230,14533382,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tarandus,Amazing.
76561198038542513,Recommended,230230,11198319,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Old Man Mordaith,"Ran around for some time with no idea where to go.Was too afraid to suck it up when the guards said I was looking a little weak to go beyond a set of gates.Lost most of my party to a horrible fire trap in one of my explorations in the 'starter area'.11/10 - would die horribly again.PS. Party arguments and debates being RPS is simple, quick, and fun. This is the game we've all been waiting for."
,Recommended,230230,13222166,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Xyrho,"Dis gaem is so boss. pls buy dis game so dey maek more gaem liek dos (D:OS, GET IT!?!!?) I love you."
76561197984632839,Not Recommended,230230,13858436,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MNME,"You walk into a room.  You are told to ""Look for something.""That's the basis of this game.  You were supposed to know there was a hidden switch only visible if you zoom the camera in to a very specific part of the room.  How were you supposed to know that?  Good ♥♥♥♥ing luck figuring that out!Here's another classic 'puzzle' we're given: The enemies in the zone are immune to all attacks.  You were just supposed to know you need to sneak past all of them to destroy a blood stone.  How were you supposed to know that?  ♥♥♥♥ if I can tell!This game is very loose on the guidance and very heavy on requiring you to google where specific switches are.Want to beat the game?  Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad!  A door refuses to let you get to the final battle.  Why?  Cryptic ♥♥♥♥ing answer is why!  Better google it.  Ohh wait, looks like dozens of other people are also stuck with this cryptic answer and no clear idea as to how to finish the game!"
76561198068622005,Recommended,230230,19641465,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,JimmyC,Eh. It's good. You should buy it. And then you should play it... because it's good.
76561198097292367,Recommended,230230,11087573,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Ossas,10/10
,Recommended,230230,11125727,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,BlackWake,An RPG on the level of Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter. Great Game.
,Recommended,230230,11490034,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,"NOTHINGMAN""xygaming.com",GOOD GAME
76561198013866556,Recommended,230230,13421955,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Praisethasun,"A game that respects you as a gamer, and makes you use that ol'brain of yours.I rate it a ""Fabulous Five""."
,Recommended,230230,11498118,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Med13val,Best CRPG since Baldur's Gate!
,Recommended,230230,12527386,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,sani,"One of the best turn based rpgs of recent memory. The story has it's flaws but is overall appealing, the side quest are hilarious from time to time, a huge item and loot pool will fill your pockets quickly, a vast majority of skills will keep you engaged and the interactions between the characters drive it all home. There aren't many flaws in the game and the mod support will offer you long term playing time without any reason to spent more money. I can only recommend this game but if you're just remotely into turn based rpgs, this game is a must have."
,Recommended,230230,13027110,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KLDuck,"I wish there multiplayer was better. I have two of my friends playing, and I can't join them."
,Recommended,230230,11428107,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Kintoun,Yes. Just yes. So yes.
76561198046503351,Recommended,230230,12170638,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Bubby,"Alright, listen to this funky jive right here. Sure its an in depth, rewarding, customizable, polished, gorgeous and fun RPG.BUT ALL OF THAT IS CRAP COMPARED TO THIS...ok... you can... IN THIS VERY GAME.... TALK TO ANIMALS!!!!!!!!!!!I talked to a dog then a cat then a rat then another cat then another dog and then I tried talking to zombies but they just try to kill me and then I talked to some people buuuut just talked to rats for about 3 hours straight...seriously 10/10 would talk to a rat about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s again."
76561197995243353,Recommended,230230,12797602,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tib,"Very good rpg, polished."
76561198019811561,Recommended,230230,11102949,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Darroc,it are the greatest ebar.
76561198058187868,Recommended,230230,11132711,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ezachiel,"I must say i havent seen a while such a rich RPG..Story line is owesome, spells are great, and mechanics works perfectly.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs..On the end it has a multiplayer coop..just greak game..GJ.."
76561198086494997,Recommended,230230,12690418,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ChowChowthePig,"Play this game if you like to get dizzy. I dislike getting dizzy. If you are like me, don't get this game. If you are not like me, get this game."
,Recommended,230230,11457563,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Paxsu,I stole paintings and instantly I was the richest man alive. 10/10
76561198083678888,Recommended,230230,28025257,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NeighborOfTheBeast,"Very enjoyable dungeon crawler. The turn based combat made for fun strategies, especially when you use the environment. The story was entertaining enough, but not amazing. I found the graphics and design to be very good. I played with a friend and we both enjoyed it quite a bit."
76561197980669852,Recommended,230230,16145129,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,syti,good game
,Recommended,230230,27304969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mog Beater,Game is ok
,Recommended,230230,12125216,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,atris13,This is easily on of the best coop experiences out there. I hope to see more like it and maybe with increased party size for friends to join in on the experience!
76561198018930790,Recommended,230230,12078358,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,puddy,"Absolutely awesome game!Very well made, so many tactical options to explore, the coop mode is fantastic and great fun, soundtrack is always fitting and never annoying, some funny and some serious quests.. I could go on for hours!There are just a few very minor things, like in the end we had to look at a guide to find the last 3 stones (we walked past them) and because the game allows stuff like teleporting there are a few bugs you can find if you get creative - but we enjoyed that! It also means you can find alternative ways to solve some of the quests. There is always a way out of an hairy situation although it often feels otherwise..If you are not sure about the genre just play coop, there is a lot of interaction between the players so there is always something going on.I rarely buy games for more than 20 € but this is one of the games that are absolutely worth it!"
,Recommended,230230,12110704,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,MunkiLord,Is great
,Recommended,230230,12112271,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,FylmTM,Amazing coop. <3
76561197970549683,Recommended,230230,12115418,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Nails,"I was skeptical to spend $40 on a Steam game.  It's been awhile since I've paid more than $10 for anything, and even those I try to get for less if possible.  Was waiting for this to go on sale since January 2014.  It hasn't that I've seen.  You needn't bother waiting.  Dear God I've been waiting for an RPG of this caliber for years.  It's epic.  It's gorgeous.  It's fun.  It's deep.  Soundtrack is awesome, voice acting is awesome.  Fights are HARD.  I feel like I'm playing a combination of Ultima VII and Baldur's Gate II on crack.  I've put 50+ hours in, and my characters are level SIX.  I've seen level 10 spells available.  They tease things out JUST right.  Gold is tight...you really need to 'need' something before you buy it.  Co-Op has been FLAWLESS.  This game is just plain brilliant for any Iso-view RPG fans.  Absolutely AAA top-notch.  Did I mention it's fun to look at also?  You will get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you until you fully understand the elemental mechanics...finally got that fire ability?  Be careful  =)  But once you get it, DAMN there are some amazing combos available.It is (appears to be anyway) VERY bug free.  In fact, I haven't seen one single major issue yet.  No crashes, no graphics problems, no soft-locks, no file issues, no inventory problems, no spell problems, etc. etc. etc.  One small issue (very small) is a sound (just music) hiccup maybe occassionally, but hardly worth noticing...it's music between areas and there's a very slight stutter.  There are just no big issues of any kind.  I'm playing on a slightly out-dated laptop with general High settings.  It's so good.  100% recommended for RPG fans."
76561198357085833,Recommended,230230,32641750,Posted: 22 June,all,Morvran Voorhis,"This is a superb game in the divinity franchise, the roleplaying element, single or multiplayer option to play with your friends and progress the story, the turn base mechanic of combat and build your own character really works like a charm, many different options for class and skills, really do recommend!"
76561197973545164,Recommended,230230,19284507,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pomme,just perfect
76561198039220932,Recommended,230230,11042636,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Q is for Qadim,Shadowrun Returns should be ashamed of itself after seeing what these people have done.
76561198045908454,Recommended,230230,10997730,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,d00m95,GAME OF THE YEAR: ALL YEARS
,Recommended,230230,12546669,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DarkNye,One of the greatest RPGs ever!I'm 30+ hours into the game and can't get enough. I think my wife left me... but oh well.11/10
,Recommended,230230,11371603,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,naomha,"Alright, so I just finished the game at around 120 hours post launch. My thoughts? One of the best damn rpgs to grace the pc gaming market in about 10 years or so. I haven't been this glued to a pc game since maybe Diablo 2 or Half Life or Deus Ex. Game is phenomenal. The ""rpg-ness"" is all there. Stats, skills, weapons, armors, skills, etc, etc. Sound design is great, game design is fantastic and set design is AHmazing. There is so much to explore, discover, dig up, combine, create, blow up! In all honesty I'm not going to waste my time or yours posting my personal opinions on everything the game covers. Just know you should go buy it and play it. If your an avid rpg gamer like I have been for over 30 years you will enjoy every single aspect of this game. What are you waiting for? GO BUY IT!!PS- Larian, please come out with an expansion or some really, really good DLC. The ending just leaves so much open. I can not wait to delve into the world of Rivellon again. Thanks."
,Recommended,230230,11014293,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Nintendo_Hotline (Lucian04),Stop whatever you are doing and buy this game.
,Recommended,230230,11113419,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,cccino,Best RPG since 1999.
76561198047669191,Recommended,230230,15093221,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"There's been a steady trickle of CRPGs into my library since I discovered the wonders of fair, honest download services like GoG and Steam and a litany of beloved JRPGs from designers learnéd in the hows and whys of CRPG possibility to their own heritage prior to that (tri-Ace, Ikahara, Megaten, Lord Miyazaki, Lord Matsuno), but this year that rivulet turned into a deluge and riding along with this wave of gaming goodness is the CRPG talk of 2014:Divinity: Original Sin.Larian's infamous forced march into gamestyles they had no business dabbling with and away from their strengths are gone here; the AP-utilizing combat is sublime, a beautiful toolbox of♥♥♥♥♥♥to play with, and constantly throws you nasty new curveballs to force your mastery of said toolbox. Excellent quest design that has you thinkin' and searchin' instead of the Honey Do list grind that most RPGs got whittled down to. Fun loot system that ain't afraid to toss you powerful but narrowing playthings to build a character towards. A classy, table-top looking art direction that is stylish and distinct, a magnificent dreamlike and daring OST by one Kirill Pokrovsky, and alot of neat dialogue between the two Guardians and major NPCs that doesn't get enough love due to its cheeky nature. Co-op play in a narrative-heavy game that pulls it off! There is so much STUFF in this game to see and do and earn.There are a few problems with this gem, befitting a talented developer just now getting to stretch their legs; outside of that conversation listed above, some of it is drab and mechanical, almost as if the character themselves weren't speaking, but the writer themselves dropping that information via speaking thru them (if that makes any sense). There are bugs that crash to desktop months in. You can also tell the KS cash didn't go far enough and got stretched thin (noticable but not necessarily bad since it means more of that sweet sweet fightin')."
,Recommended,230230,11778978,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Kissamies,"This is not the RPG savior some make it out to be, but it's still a very nice game. It's fun to play, but some of the flaws can make it tedious at times. Overall much better than most of the RPGs of recent years.The rules system is a little simplistic, but workable. It's classless, which is a plus in my books. The ""starting classes"" are more like examples or templates, which you can edit freely. They mainly determine your starting equipment. There is no level bloat. I got to level 21 in my 95 hour playthrough, which is reasonable. There is some HP and damage bloat. Those numbers swell quite a lot over the course of the game.One of my biggest beefs with the game are the loot avalanche and the gear stats system. The gear a is very ARPGish collection of numbers and percentages. It is supposed to make as much as possible of it unique, but ends up making nothing feel special, and I still got a few identical amulets of air resistance at one point. Most of the gear has stat limits, which I don't mind when they make sense. It sounds reasonable that you need to be strong enough to swing that big sword or wear that heavy armor, or be intelligent enough to cast that spell or unleash the mystical energies of that staff. I can even buy that you need certain amount of dexterity for a bow, but why on earth would you need dexterity to wear a leather armor? Are the buckles that tricky? Intelligence to wear a sarong? Is it that hard to figure out? I can understand that they did this to force the characters to specialize, but surely there could have been a better approach to this. Weapons also have levels, which I think is pretty silly. If you are on lower level than the weapon, you have to spend extra AP to use it. Equipment also has a durability stat and may need to be repaired occasionally. I think that's pretty pointless mechanic for this game. At least most of the stuff tends to get obsolete so fast you don't have to worry about repairing much.The loot avalanche is part of the gear situation. You tend to get a lot of loot and thanks to the ARPGish item stat and level system, much of it can't be dismissed to ""just sell it"" pile at a glance, but makes you want to compare it with all of your characters' current gear just to be sure. This gets tedious. Maybe I'm just a bit of OCD. I learned to not care so much later on and only really payed attention to ""Legendaries"" that tend to stay effective at least few levels past their initial level, especially if you use crafting to improve them. You also get a lot of crafting components as loot, but with the crafting system being just rubbing items with each other in the inventory, or sometimes rubbing them with crafting objects in the world, I quickly lost interest with most of it. Just occasionally improved my swords and armor. A some kind of interface would have been nice there. At least you can sell stuff to pretty much any character who has something to trade for it, much like in Fallouts. In my case this lead to the curious habit of trying to trade with everyone as conversation opens in case they turn hostile later.The combat is great. There is enviromental interactivity in it that reminds me of Dragon Age: Origins, but much richer and overall better because it's turn based instead of RTwP. There is a lot of depth. The combat never got old for me, though it was a little unwieldy in one huge humans vs orcs battle, but that has always been the downside of TB combat in these games. It doesn't scale to very big battles very well. Still definitely the strongest aspect of this game.The main campaign story is decent. I wish the epic save the world story could have been averted, but I guess it's unavoidable in a long game like this. As I mentioned, it took me 95 hours to finish in my semi-completitionist manner, that is to say, I tried to find everything at first and then got bored and just wanted to finish it. It is somewhat unfocused because of the open world approach. It's not even effectively so open world. There is clearly a certain path you are supposed to follow. If you don't and wander off, you'll run into higher level enemies. These can be defeated, but they will then drop higher level loot you can't use effectively. The journal entries and conversations may also become little messed up when you do complete things in wrong order.Best part of the writing is not in the main story, but the little jokes on the sides. Few of the NPCs make me really care about them. The persuasion system is an odd roshambo game, which I guess makes more sense if you co-op the with somebody. It seems like a lot of attention was put on the co-op, though you can only play with 2 players unless you use a mod.There is also and editor, and in my eyes that will decide if this game will be another DA:O or another NWN: A good game that I will beat once or twice and then forget, or a game that will stay installed for years because of the endless stream of new player made adventures available. The early reports are not promising, but maybe Larian will improve and support it."
76561198064004312,Recommended,230230,11482008,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Pirate Frieza,Friend summoned Ice Elemental Buffed it for 50% dmg hit a 410 crit 50/10 would play agian
76561198074268837,Recommended,230230,14354911,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[MM] Frank Kappa,"♥♥♥♥ you game! Bought it yesterday for full price, 24 hours later -40%. So yea, ♥♥♥♥ you.Is a fun game though!!"
,Recommended,230230,13191800,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,oppos,"This game is amazing! The storyline is detailed, witty, and funny. Combat is intricate and challenging at times. Lots of areas to explore and the coop mode is really fun. This game requires problem solving and some patience. If you only want combat, then this game might not be for you since the text is a HUGE part of what makes this game fun.No major bugs / crashes experienced.If you love Turn-Based Combat and RPGs, then this game is worth its cost. If you don't, follow this game and wait for a sale... you might find a new genre to enjoy!"
,Recommended,230230,13539345,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BlazerTag,"As  an old CRPG fan, this was my favorite game of the year"
76561198072648887,Recommended,230230,13630548,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mogster,"A great RPG if your into the older, turn based play. The type I always watch for. Sure the ARPG can be cool, but the classic style of turn based play is what D&D was based off."
,Recommended,230230,13159493,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,darknj,"Just in for a couple of hours and already I can feel that many will be following.Right from the start there is nostalgia floating around from the first game.Openess of the world and freedom of character creation is still there and it is quite pleasant to consider fleeing a fight a viable survival option.Also, reading the text is something that needs to be done, we are not getting everything silverspoon fed to us, taking note for details is almost mandatory.The crafting system is a bit awkward, it takes quite some fiddling and grasp most item interactions, thankfully there are several books that provide enough information.In overall, a very good experience of the game and well worth the money spent."
,Recommended,230230,13289931,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lord Bonanza,"This is the kind of RPG that I've been waiting for.The battle system is really complex and is really unique compared to other RPGs.  You might also find it to be pretty difficult on normal.  You have to really choose your battles in the beginning and think your strategies out carefully, using the environment and a huge array of skills to your advantage.  It's turn-based combat but with little gems thrown in, such as putting one character in the combat to distract the enemies while you select other party members outside of the skirmish who can then flank the enemies.  If you want to win the battles efficiently, you really have to plan your attacks.You're also not locked in with the class you choose from when you create your character.  You can level up and put skillpoints wherever you want, so you can be as stealthy/mighty/magic-y as you want to be.I was really amazed at the level of thought put into every single detail of this game.  You can have one character talk to an NPC, and while he/she is in dialogue, you can control another character to go behind their back to steal their belongings/pickpocket them.  And there's so much loot to be had!  From expensive paintings to rare equipment, you'll want to take everything in sight so that you can afford expensive skillbooks later on.There are also lots of quests of really in-depth questlines, a lot of which you can complete within the first town (and will want to since battles are really difficult in the beginning!).  However, the game is very old-school and doesn't have any sort of quest markers, forcing you to have to read through your quest logs and figure your way through completing them.  While this might bother a lot of casual gamers, I think it can be appreciated by many who liked games such as Baldur's Gate or other old PC RPGs.The game's beautiful, everything's 3D modeled, and it'd be pretty easy for a sub-par computer to run it.  The water effects look great, like actual drinkeable water, and a lot of the skill effects are pretty. (Fortify looks awesome, as it encapsules a friend/foe in magic stone armor.)I haven't yet played any sort of multiplayer co-op or any player-made campaigns, so I will probably edit this review once I do so.  However those are features that I'm really looking forward to, and I can't imagine there being any problems with the multiplayer experience.  Everything is so smooth and fleshed out in this game, it's near perfect."
76561198027065244,Recommended,230230,13494249,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dreamfall,"Great game, thoroughly enjoyed the plot and the character development :)"
76561198032591093,Recommended,230230,13505866,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CynicalP,"This is one of the rare few games that I purchase the year of it's release and at full price and it was well worth the price I paid.  Perhaps one of the finest turned-based squad combat RPGs I have played in recent years. The combat system is the core strength of the game and it provides  a very satisfying  tactical experience. Another strength of the game is it's Co-Op mode.  I played this game with my daughter and we both fully enjoyed the experience.Sure there are some weaknesses to the game.  The storyline or NPC interaction isn't the same quality as your typical Bioware or Obsidian  game.  There is little meaningful  choice or consequences to this game. I felt the crafting system was a little confusing and I didn't waste much of my time with it.However,  the strengths of the gameplay itself more than makes up for the the weakness of the game. The Comabt system is enjoyable from the very first battle right to the very end boss fight.  While it lacks in a complete RPG experience,  if you enjoy turn-based squad based combat this game is a fantastic game to add to your library.  Larian  studios definately put out a winner with this title."
76561198096234240,Recommended,230230,13661088,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BazzO,Good RPG with unique modern old school style.
76561198004695068,Recommended,230230,13505572,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Evil_Jinius,"The good:Very interesting and fun way to interact with the environmentMAGIC is super fun! It's been a while since a magic based RPG actually made MAGIC ROCK!Loads of loot... perhaps not a very good thing, see the bad.Good music, nice graphics (don't expect Bioware kind of stuff, but I like it the way it is)Humor... would have been even better with some voice acting... at least for the main story lines...Good amount of lore, for my taste, light reading of some lore is fun, and this game offers a bit tweeter style kind of books...Cooking and crafting... would be even cooler if enchantment of crafted items could be improved or enhanced...The bad:Difficulty and pacing. The game is free in the sense you do not follow a singular line of quests. However, you might be cracking your head as you go off to face enemies that are too tough, or that you might have skipped some earlier quest, and you go back afterwards to find it a pushover... Note: Save often to spare your blood pressure!Default camera view sucks. You don't see quest vital items if you don't rotate around...Some quests involve squinting around to look for VERY SMALL switches. It should be a game, not an eye test... :(Limited explanation of spells and effects. E.g. soulsap spell causes soulsapped. No explanation of what soul sapping means!Path finding sometimes makes your character step onto lava and dies... (during non-combat moves), during combat, your characters ALWAYS take the most direct path even if it means stepping into lava and die... Also, there's no grids to show where exactly the lava is.Quest could be puzzling... well... perhaps it's a good challenge for the gray matter, but I prefer to play, not to wrack my brain after a day of work... I admit... I'm lazy but hey, gotta make money to buy the game, right? :PAll in all, a very solid and enjoyable game. Makes you lose sleep and sense of time. Another turn... just another turn!!!A definite buy. Oh yeah... I played only single-player, but I think co-op play would be awesome!"
76561198122974418,Recommended,230230,13538537,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zetsoh,Awesome game would recommend to anybody looking for a good rpg with turn based attacks.
76561198071448712,Recommended,230230,13623562,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snowraven,"An RPG that reminds you of the older RPGs where you were not handheld and not all enemies were dead in a few strikes.Divinity: Original Sin is a game where you are given the basics of how the game works and you need to figure out the rest while going in your adventure. Many choices you make actually change the world around you and the the way the NPCs regard you.But what is the game about? Well, you play as a source hunter called, along with another source hunter, to solve a mystery and uncover even greater mysteries that lead you on a quest to save the world. There are 2 main characters, so you can co-op with a friend, or, if you want, play solo like myself as you are not punished for that. You also get 4 unique companions which have their own personalities and stories though you can have at most 2 come with you, one for each main character (you can have even less if you use a special talent that boosts your power but the character can't have a follower, but I wouldn't recommend it, if nothing else, at least for the comments your companions make). If you don't like the unique companions you can get random mercenary companions a bit later.Now, the world itself is quite big and there is no handholding so you need to figure out some things on your own. While the world itself is real time, the battles are turn based, each of your characters and enemies acting in a queue according to how many action points they posess (this can be changed through stats).One thing to keep in mind is that this is a game where you need to be attentive everywhere as there can be hidden treasures everywhere (and if not, worthless items to sell at least) or traps that can instant-kill some of your party members. You can sneak to have surprise attacks, you can pickpocket npcs and sometimes you have this rock-paper-scissors games to convince others that your point is the right one(you can skip it if you dislike it).The game provides interesting challenges and puzzles (like knowing what item goes where, what spell you can use to unlock an item or destroy it etc) which could be challenging to some but that you can even skip if you read all books and papers you encounter as the rules are sometimes explained there. Or, alternatively, you can try to use brute force! You want what's in the chest but don't want to guess how to go through the lava to the key? Smash it with a club and get the contents! Or use your lockpicking to open it instead. Use magic to open it. In general the game gives you multiple choices for different problems you may encounter.As for battles, enemies are non-respawning, so each you kill brings you closer to the end, and each encounter is unique, some group may use poison then set everything on fire, while another will appeal only to brute force. Sometimes the enemy tries to use tanky characters, sometimes they send 20 bomb bots at you. Each battle is unique, and this makes some harded and some easier depening on your preffered playstyle, it makes you organize and think of the best way. Save often though, you will need it.That being said, you need to remember, this is a long story, and there will be lots to read. You will sit reading stuff for a long, long time and you better remember the things as... well, no handholding, so not everything is remembered in your quest log.Graphics - 9.5/10 - really good graphics yet you can see in general the limitations of what they did (for example you can't rotate the map 360%, I belive the rotating angle is more around 90% so you may have problems talking to rats hiding under rocks.Audio - 9/10 - Awesome music, most NPCs have flavour text that is both written and audio and in general really simulates the town and other area life quite well.Gameplay - 9.5/10 - As I said, much reading, turn based battle system but open world exploration, quite a few talents, attributes, companions etc.There are however some negative aspects as well:1. You need a mage-type character - doesn't matter if it's a companion or main hero(you find companions early on) but you really need a mage as you can't pass some puzzles without the skills that a mage employs.2. The crafting system is a bit weird. To give you an example, you want to craft a belt, you need 4 wool which you split in 2 stacks of 2, combine them and make 2 yarn, split them, combine them and make a rope. You then get a sharp claw, you get some star flowers which you grind to make stardust, you take a skull or a bone, you grind and make bonedust, You combine the dusts to make 1 pixie dust. You combine pixie dust with claw and make a magical claw. You combine magical claw with rope and you have a lovely +1 strengh belt... a bit dismantling to say the least. Well, this is quite realistic, yet also quite time-consuming and makes you feel like you haven't achieved much. Not all combinations are clear (you can combine a glass of milk with a jar of honey, a bucket of water with flour, yet not a bucket of milk with a jar of honey for whatever reason) so you may need guides on net on how you craft most things.3. Crafting is not very useful. Sure, you can make potions, that's awesome... but the gear you make is not very good compared to gear you find. In general, the gear you make is common but with some stats and while it can be good if you have no item at all equipped or haven't found an item for that slot for 5+ levels (if this happens, you haven't visisted vendors enough), in general those items are only good for one thing, and that is selling them.4. The rock-paper-scissors system can be annoying at times, thankfully it is skippable.Overall though I will say this game is amazing. While it has its issues, these seem to pale in the light of the general feel of the world, the way the mechanics work, the story and the relation between the characters, the dungeons, puzzles, looks and music and this makes it a must have for any older RPG fan. And remember, there won't be much handholding ;)"
,Recommended,230230,13218430,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mr. Rampag,My buddy threw a crate on some cows.
,Recommended,230230,13257054,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Scarlett,"Basically, 150+ hours of incredible strategy and fun roleplay (I played it with a friend)! I loved this game and we've been trying to replace it but it's a damn hard act to follow. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,230230,13595636,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Play More Hearthstone,Game to GOOD!
76561197978917328,Recommended,230230,13610777,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GWGRU The_Weasel,"Really really great, but far far too hard.The sub quest line is too linear, if you don't do all the subquests in the right order then its impossible to progress in the game as the main quest line is far too high level to do by itself. These leaves you utterly confused as to what you ""should"" do next. You can't do what you WANT to do... OK so lets go do some subquests.So I did as many as a could, but info is really limited. I don't want to have to resort to a walkthrough and spoil the game for myself, but there are little to no clues to help you along. Where that cats collar is I have no idea. I searched the entire coast. Am I missing something about this game?I like a challange. I like not being hand-held through the game, but this has gone far too far out of the otherside.Still keeps me playing though....So for all its flaws, Its OK. It could be great, but it makes me scream in frustration far far far too much."
76561198032112184,Recommended,230230,13616157,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Edzwarr,very solid game
,Recommended,230230,13671123,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,_Cr3m@d3_,Two Words: Awesome Game
76561198049729234,Recommended,230230,13670936,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bugariu84,Best rpg of the year
76561198034929391,Recommended,230230,14954320,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ark,i have opened 5000 barrels. 4500 empty
,Recommended,230230,14401107,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,EvaMoreau,"very interesting and fascinating RPG in the old style. more interactivity, a lot of interaction between skills, a lot of side quests, lots of text. good visual part, unobtrusive soundtrack, a good turn-based combat system, Interesting and really hard obtaining many of achievements."
76561198075576059,Recommended,230230,14537735,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,CrabSoup,Best RPG game out!
,Recommended,230230,15577357,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"If you are looking for a tactical rpg with long story and a lot of good small features, this one is a jackpot. I highly recommend it, as I enjoyed it greatly."
,Recommended,230230,11450021,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,kvallning,Talk to animals.Rob graves recklessly.Explode horrifically.10/10.
76561197970733384,Recommended,230230,13682180,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,517H,A mate and I wanted a coop storyline turn based rpg and we got it with this game. Like Sacred 1 world exploration and like Heroes of Might and Magic or Neverwinter Nights 2 when it comes to combat.Heaps of fun.Shithouse story.8/10
,Recommended,230230,13692509,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BearArmsAndFire,"Critics exploded around this game, hailing it a return to the old school RPG. Is it that? Yes. But not much else. The graphics are modern, but the gameplay and the story are definitely part of the old school. Turn based combat. Elemental spells and skills. Monsters that have access to the same skills you have. I mean, the formula is here from back in the day, man. The story is also pretty classic. But the bottom line: is it fun? I played through the story with a friend. Added an extra layer to it. I recommend doing that. They fixed some of the co-op bugs, although we enjoyed reading to each other as if we were tucking the other in for the night. We're that close of friends. Buy and play it with your blood brother. A/5"
,Recommended,230230,13751879,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ArononymouS,"This is kinda what i've always wanted from an rpg. It pretty much has everything you'd expect; crafting and enchanting, a huge map to explore, on the fly customisation, a nicely worked out character customisation/perk system and plenty of story to get into. The graphics are crisp and everything looks amazing, my only gripe being the restrictions on the camera angle...minor things.. i've had a couple of random crashes but this is one of those games where you have to use quicksave all the time so it's not really a problem lol. Anyway i'm sure there's other people who will do this game better justice in a review but it's so good, i just had to say something. Don't miss out!A future classic"
76561197996123460,Recommended,230230,13885202,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Malorn,"Extremely good game, something I say rarely.  I picked it up with my mate and we started playing, planning to play a couple hours before we went to sleep.  We kept playing until he went to work, and loved every minute of it.The combat is highly tactical and fairly difficult.  I played a tanky melee and he went pure mage.  We both felt useful, effective, and each had a dicisive effect.  Rarely do I see such a good magic experience that doesn't leave melee lacking, but I felt quite happy with my choice of class, even while he did tactical genius magic.  (And not so genius, my only two deaths were from some friendly-fire issues.)  I spent a lot of time positioning enemies, disabling them, and generally keeping them from doing anything effective until the fire came for them.I highly reccommend the game as a co-op experience, and I suspect the rpg side is rather impressive as well.  The roleplay between player characters is comedy gold, and leads to a surprising amount of character attachment.  Equally the rest of the game seems solid and sometimes pretty original.  The combat is turn-based, but speaking as someone who normally is annoyed by JRPG style turn-based, this combat system seemed great.  It may be turn-based, but that is because everything you do is worth careful consideration.  This is a good game, get it with your friends."
76561198082907023,Recommended,230230,14241889,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dr. Dag,This game would be for you if you wanted something like Diablo but more questy.
,Recommended,230230,15000448,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kure,Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,230230,15102951,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Grayflox,lewis stop ♥♥♥♥ing killing us
76561198004116694,Recommended,230230,16660157,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lankester Merrin,This game is good.Helpful?
76561198201674163,Recommended,230230,17357769,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,theflightless,"note - I have played this game 42 more hours than will be listed, due to having played it on a non-steam version prior to purchasing it on steam. I am still playing it now. At least 75 hours of serious gameplay, sticking only to the main story and working with a background in rpgs (i.e. kind of rapidly through it.)note note ! - the combat is the best I have ever experienced. (in a game. Lol! the streets is were I born.)An excellent RPG.pros - turn-based combat. Button-smashing (proc sequences, Wow/guild wars gamers you know what I'm talking about) repetitive, often only marginally conditionally dynamic patterns onto the numbers of your keyboard - this game removes that need. The walking-on-eggshells feeling of always swapping between auto-run and strafing keys (q, e in guild wars/wow) to approach fights while still having fingers keyed up to smash into those damaging sequences of abilities/spells is gone.pro - strategic turn-based combat- accomplishment is real. The system of this game is intuitive, optimizing your use of it to have your characters triumph over enemies is intellectually rewarding.pro - dynamic strategic turn-based combat- Fighting a single boss from fighting enemies outnumbering oneselves twenty - to - five, and the continuous and surprising scaling between these extremes lead to gameplay that is as different as playing two separate games. The development of conditional strategies has far more depth than the ""mute or hamstring,"" single button interchanges that more basic rpgs offer (again, wow is alluded to.)pro - customization- Diablo 2 style character building. You may have two characters, or four, or in the well-implemented co-op, only one. This hinges upon using lone-wolf or not, a feat (think DnD, any edition) that can channel a balanced but complete amount of ability/attribution/stats that is by default spread across two characters into a single character. The development planning may be either serious or casual, depending on how you like your gaming. Challenging on standard difficulty. Excellent, very customizable spell building.pro - the feeling that any time not spent developing/optimizing characters may be spent developing/optimizing strategy instead, leading to, ultimately, similar feelings of gleeful, smart glory.pro - modular/randomly generated loot. This is what it's all about, homies."
76561198116110889,Recommended,230230,14492308,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ben572,Played 7 hours not even past the first town11/10
76561198050377620,Recommended,230230,13688841,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,angelious94,"i would not call it game of the year. it has a lot of faults. combat tends to follow a certain pattern, and story is a railroad, most of the timebut all things considered. its still a great game."
,Recommended,230230,13669167,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Elfbarf,a++++ super cute game
,Recommended,230230,14343381,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Volvic Natural Mineral Water,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,230230,16135922,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,'# GuillotinE,"One of the best RPG that I've played, with a fantastic history.10/10"
,Recommended,230230,15605181,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ferret,I have 25 hours logged playing this game and have yet to leave the first town.10/10 would waste time again
76561198042486672,Recommended,230230,15934405,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Pharaoh of Fluids,Easy to put in countless hours of fun.
,Recommended,230230,11045150,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JTA,Loving this game!
,Recommended,230230,11063312,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bigbadaboom,"Get it, Play it, NOW!"
,Recommended,230230,11588404,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DrunkenShooter,"Oh there went my vacation. Was enjoyable, though"
,Recommended,230230,11571910,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Martin,"just buy it, NOW"
76561198019694957,Recommended,230230,12803519,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,dammitsam,"The best strtegy/Turn based i've ever played! Worth the price! Good music, interactive environement and awesome skills/spells/combat system... The downside is: Too many dialogues, voice acting would be welcome...."
76561198052109716,Recommended,230230,18286052,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sarumoon,"Great fun, not so much hard as it is sort of easy to screw up the order of things, i played for maybe 3-4 hrs and then start over cuz you relize how many things you did  wrong-ish, or at least you didnt get the best reward, so lots of replay ability. If you like RPG's that dont hold hand, its a no brainer. I'm playing through with a walk through this time, just to help on a few quest timing type things. Really fun, thumbs up"
76561198156221900,Recommended,230230,16473038,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,drumfast00,"Played game, became infatuated with cheese, quit my job and opened a cheese shop.10/10-Life altering experience"
76561198038183001,Recommended,230230,16341432,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Meatcat1,Literaly the best game ever
76561198004174990,Recommended,230230,11381930,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Chro'Tal,"Easily the best RPG I played in years.Tough fights, even tougher bossfights. Many ways to beat them or get beaten.I can recommend it to anyone who enjoys a real story telling game and who like the tactical challenge insted of button mashing."
,Recommended,230230,11812454,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Bearderrific,"If you love(d) old school RPG's like Baulder's Gate, Dungeon Siege, Neverwinter Nights (and the like) this game is a MUST have! Haven't played anything this good in years. You really have to think about the choices and actions you make, as they impact the people you talk to and what opportunities you have available to you. This game definitely doesn't hold your hand.Combat is turn-based (with action points) and strategic, and reminds me a lot of tabletop D&D. I didn't like it at first, but after a while you get use to it, and it's actually pretty cool. There is friendly fire, so placement of your heroes is key! You can use your stronger party members to protect your weaker ones.Some tips before you get into the game:- Save!!! Save before you go through a door, or down into a crypt, or before you engage groups of enemies. It'll save you a lot of headaches.- Holding down ALT shows you all the items sitting on tables/floors. Use this constantly!- Not everything is as it seems. Look for switches on walls, levers, movable crates, dig on top of dirt mounds (save before you do!).- Talk to everyone. They pretty much all have information for you.- Remember, you're not stuck to your quest. If you want to go exploring, feel free to! In fact, that's the best way to find small quests, fun battles, and nice loot.The only problem I have with it so far: the first 4-5 hours or so is pretty slow. But it picks up from there.I really enjoy it. And if you like CRPG's, you'll like this too."
76561198027751343,Recommended,230230,13692727,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CaptSternn,"Beat the end boss on my 2nd play through with 20 crafted voodoo dolls, before he even got a turn. Would make voodoo dolls again.9.9/10"
,Recommended,230230,10975786,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,eulogy,"If you like games like Baulder's Gate, tabletop RPG's, or even turn-based tactical RPG's, then this game is definitely for you. Highly recommended."
76561197982704413,Recommended,230230,10924585,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sir Crocodile,Deep character creation. Turn based combat. Actually looks nice. GOAT!
,Recommended,230230,11130069,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mecha01,"Rediculously fun - if you were a fan of Arcanum, Baldurs Gate (PC versions, not PS2/Xbox), Icewind Dale, etc - you will love it. If you played the recent X-Com, and wanted more *everything* - you'll love it.The characters are memorable overall (yes, NPC's without names can get tedious, but still).Areas are diverse, and battlegrounds are things of tactical enginuity (water spells/arrows are your friend with burning dead).There's so **much** content it's unreal. I wish games like this were more commonplace, and it's great to see that dev's realize that turn based mechanics never went out of fashion in the real world - it's just the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shareholders who think that you can only sell titles if they are dumbed down and made real-time.Turn based gaming / classic rpg styles like this, ironically are more of a breath of fresh air, and much more replayable, and memorable as well as addictive than any real-time game I've played in quite some time.To Larian studios: Well done sirs, well done."
76561198053892315,Recommended,230230,13668689,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jbearded cracker,one of the best games of the year
76561198011432092,Recommended,230230,13931680,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Tha Joka,Great game!  Very challenging with a deep customization.  Worth a playthrough.
76561198093508996,Recommended,230230,27510903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,~PAY-RADE~ DexterBlaster,By the Goddess'♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get this game!
76561198027961805,Recommended,230230,16020242,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bane902,"One of the best RPGs in the last 10 years and has the best combat I've ever seen in a turn based games , It's HUGE and full of completely new ideas , the writing is good and funny but the story is disappointing, also It allows you to create two main protagonists that you can shape their relationships and personality, what more to say ? oh yeah Should've been 2014 GOTY instead of Dragon age.oh .. and the soundtrack is so damn good.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoTVxjLlypkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUAjSHK428shttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDuCLC_sZZY"
,Recommended,230230,14378021,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,HAMMERFIST117,"Really good solo and coop gameplay. Played with one of my buddies. Good turn based RPG. Double Mage is pretty broken with all the opportunities to summon creatures to tank for you and obviously you can get to a point with your rogues to be able to one shot anything if you go glass cannon. I would highly recommend this game. Great D&D feel. If playing with a friend, you have to be a total loot ♥♥♥♥♥ and steal everything for yourself. Those are the rules."
76561198044709312,Recommended,230230,9049172,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Shiranui,"So up until now with the new fixes and updates on the game it is steadily improving, i like how the game progresses and it is unusualy deep.I personaly think that the combat needs alot more fixing since it happened to me that sometimes a battle that is sure to be won is just hard as hell, also i dont like the experience system in battles since if you do not kill a enemy with your own atack,meaning that if it gets last hittes by an NPC or a status effect like burn or poison ( doesnt matter if you inflicted that status effect yourself) you do not get that experience from the enemy, which is i think really a shame since every fight you have is hard if you do not think about it a little more ( like what spell to use, where to stand etc. ).Now in that case i would find it more suitable to reduce the experience that you get from each enemy kill, but in exchange let the game give you the experience even if the enemy dies by status effect and/or an NPC.To avoid getting less experience if i fail to kill a few enemies is that i quicksave alot and if i encounter a fight and dont get the kills by my own character i reload that save i did and try again.I think that alot of people do that already and in my oppinion it ruins the game experince and it is also ruins multiplayer experince.So far the only big problem i encountered is that one, other than that i like the game very much, the quest system is good but the screen where the quests are displayed needs more polishing, the running around back and forth betwen people and talking to them for quests is not bad in any way since alot of games have backtracking, but i would reduce the backtracking a bit.Also one last thing, i know it still may be early but i would for now like the devs to focus more on opening new areas and places you can go to, than the other minor bug fixes and polishes, since i think that widening the game now would prove more uselfull in the long run because more issues can be seen and fixed quickly before they become a problem.Well for now these are things id like to change, but hey i mean alpha is alpha, no way getting around it but gaining experience and fixing things.All in all i love the game, and i have always loved these kind of games ever since i played the first Dungeon Siege game.Keep on doing just the way you did guys, i really look forward to the finished product.Good Work, good luck and may Goc bless you for making this awesome game."
,Recommended,230230,11112491,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bogus,"It's too deep and slow for me.. i cant even play the old baldurs gates anymore.. am i getting old? am i getting lazy? i feel like i need a auto-battle mode.. so i can jus click and watch.. i grew too lazy M888 i cant even get past level 5 without being ♥♥♥♥ing frustrated out of my mind if i am playing the game right.. itss so time consuming i cant handle it.. feels like 10 minutes a fight.. too tactical which is good if you can sink into it. this is not my rpg i was looking for, but it was very close.."
76561198052382178,Recommended,230230,10117014,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Deano,Looks promising
76561198027835406,Recommended,230230,11889660,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,magiccarrot,"a must for all you rpg fans out there. seems slow at first. but thats due to the fact that its a difficult game, and theres a steep learning curve. but you soon find yourself immersed in the story and dozens of stats and choices you have to deal with. a real good game with some fantastic game mechanics. feels like a proper rpg."
,Recommended,230230,11383212,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,NutDemon,"If you're into RPG's, Divinity should take the trophy for this year. Never, in my whole life, have I ever been so engrossed in playing a game. Everything about the game is amazing. To make things easy, I'll make a pro's and con's list:PRO'S+Really good graphics+Storyline is definitely interesting!+Every action has it's consequence, which means that you are free to make carve out your own storyline+Brilliant combat mechanics+Great game for loot ♥♥♥♥♥s+Pretty nice musicCON'S-Some minor bugs here and there-Character design could be better-A fully voice acted game would be so much more immersiveConclusion: Play this game. There's a really good reason it's won so many awards and it's probably because it's a truly magnificent game.I give this game 12/5. GGWP go next."
76561198014468888,Recommended,230230,17268968,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,rraiten,this is a very refreshing rpg with some unique and fun mechanics.you get hooked in from the first few minutes and afterwards it is hard to let go.9/10
76561198061098686,Recommended,230230,17279678,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Luminous,One of the best!
76561198060243919,Recommended,230230,17301913,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Whistperingdeath,Best RPG In years and and can be quite difficult at time and with new content on the way I can say this is in my top 5 favorite games ever.
,Recommended,230230,17311527,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,silvre numbre umbre,Best co-op rpg i've played in a few years
76561198045988902,Recommended,230230,17328711,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Shellyfish,The best in the series.This game was a great time.
76561198078244942,Recommended,230230,17341797,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ladypeacek,Awesome game!
76561198108508675,Recommended,230230,18384457,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Caped_Baldy,"It's really fun when you're playing with friends but sometimes it feels a tad repetitive, kinda like in a turn based diablo way but less grindy."
76561198062270313,Recommended,230230,19978687,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bis,sure.
,Recommended,230230,11627441,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MeatBuckler,Accidentally teleported into a lady's house. She was in the bath. She told me to get out. I teleported the bathtub (with her still in it) outside her house.She... kind of exploded. oops.11/10
76561198005060973,Recommended,230230,11426193,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Abduct,"I got a bit hyped for this game a while back after seeing some gameplay on it and finally caved and bought it for myself. I regret not doing it earlier. It's very immersive with lots of area to explore, which is a huge plus for me. The battles are my favorite though. If you like turn based battles that rely on learning weaknesses/strong points of elements, this game is for you."
,Recommended,230230,11825286,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,assoka tano,One of the greatest indie games you can get on Steam.
,Recommended,230230,13669474,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SEA OTTER,"Isometric.Turn-based.Computer Role-Playing Game.Kickstarted and released in 2014.That takes 60-80 hours to complete.If that is not enough to entertain you, then what is?Divinity: Original Sin is a great entry in a genre that has long been thought pretty much dead and which is now experiencing some new bloom thanks to several kickstarted games. It is also the best game Larian has made so far simply because they have finally nailed the fun part in actual gameplay with this one while also keeping their Discworld-esque colourful world and writing.The combat and tactics were easily the highlight of the game for me even though once you find how things work you can pretty much follow that strategy to the end of the game while also constantly gaining new toys. In the end you can pretty much set the course to win every battle right at the start with a quick buff and AoE spell, which is your choice to do of course.Main quest felt a bit lacking compared to the side quests, even a bit annoying in a way that someone had to constantly pop up in a predictable way to chatter up a bunch of meh like an information force feed. It even reminded me of vanilla Diablo 3 villain banter and that's as a harsh an insult I'll give to any game. Side quests and lore is good however. Talking to animals is also one of the best things in the game. Only thing missing is the mind reading ability from Divinity 2.Companions were also lacking despite having fine personal quests. The main problem in the launch period of the game was that the game only offered 2 companions or a choice of hiring a blank mercenary tool, which is really no choice at all in an RPG. It has since been addressed and there are now more companions to choose from. One would think the coming Enhanced edition adds even more choice.So now for the real issues in the game. Pixel hunting. Some puzzles require you to do this and it's not fun at all. Seems like a dead end? Nope. There is a pixel size button somewhere that lets you progress.Pre-determined way to approach the game map. The first city makes this pretty clear as it gives you the option of leaving from several gates, but it's no true option at all as if you leave from the ""wrong"" gate, you will most likely get wrecked or have a very hard time. This continues to the end of the game with the intended way being always most closest to your level. I guess this could also be a positive if you get your kicks out of clearing harder areas first, but in the end it leaves you overleveled for the intended path.Random loot. I'm starting to forget the pain with this, but sometimes you end up not getting what you need at all. In short, more handplaced loot would have been better to me. Going for merchants to get what you need is not what I want to do.tl;dr version since whatever  why not.+ Combat and tactics+ World and sidequests+ Music+ Talking to animals+ Larian making their best game yet+/- Pre-determined way to approach the map+/- Companion choice at launch- Main Quest annoying info dumps- Random loot- Pixel hunting- 2-3 battles in the game are quite the difficulty spike"
76561198042160209,Recommended,230230,11525639,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Solid Snake,"Utterly fantasic, I was enthralled for 78 hours, only just beating the game.  Time for another run."
76561198027304055,Recommended,230230,12210444,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,WWIII,My character stole 'smelly panties'10/10Would panty raid again.
,Recommended,230230,12828526,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sang-Fantôme,"One of the best RPGs I've played in a long time! Original Sin gives the player a modern take on classical RPGs; meaning no spoonfeeding mechanics and handholding. This game utilises the freedom its predecessors had; meaning the story's flow could be changed substantially by the player's actions as opposed to being locked onto a linear grid, and its use of elements which can be fun to experiment with as one uses their environment to their advantage. This game isn't like most popular modern RPGS. It takes more thought to go through than just mindlessly bashing skulls from point A to point B. It won't be a game that everyone would like but I am glad that this genre of RPG is still alive and well; even in today's gaming standards. Larian really outdid themselves with Original Sin. 8.5/10."
76561198039952358,Recommended,230230,11269965,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ronald_vanderveen,Great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!this is mine favorite from all mine games
,Recommended,230230,12094579,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,kizzh,"WIth a raft of similar retro style, top down isometric RPG's on the horizon, one of the first (another sucessfully crowd funded seed) has landed ahead of some big competition.This a true throwback to classics such as Baldur's Gate and a reninder how difficult these games could be, especialy with minimal handholding and instruction.If this style of game sounds like something you remember fondly, then DIvinity is going to be worth every cent.The game is rendered in superb art and if you can get your head around the seemingly limitless choices on offer and a high difficluty level then there are simply hours of story, npc's, looting, crafting and monster bashing on offer.Some unual and unique gameplay is on offer also, and the multiplayer co-op feels right at home for the genre..Be prepared to lose many an hour to this game,"
76561198033737263,Recommended,230230,12096528,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Zach McNeilly,"It's been said by others much more compentently than I am capable of expressing, so I would suggest you check Metacritic. I will add my voice to the general chorus of ""D:OS is a really terrific game!"" If you enjoyed BG2 and Skyrim; Planescape: Torment and Dragon Age; Icewind Dale and Morrowind; then you will enjoy this game as well. It blends the old with the new and gives a generally fun experience for fans of turn-based RPGs."
76561198039728354,Recommended,230230,12096714,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,A DankOyster,"Loved the game. Huge, tons to do. Like playing old school D&D on the pc. Tons of choices, ways to progress, customization. Highly recommend to anyone that likes Baldurs Gate type games, turn based strategy or just RPG in general."
76561198099751543,Recommended,230230,12097979,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,olibazin,Very fun and intertaining Turn base game. I'd recommand it to my friends
76561198047446951,Recommended,230230,12098766,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Cevranath,"Pros-Amazing game!I have put over 70 hours into it with friends.Reminds me of Baulder's Gate II meets Fallout Tactics combat.It currently has 1/2 player.Cons-Crafting system needs a little more work.But needs up to 4 players.  Just a scripting change.  There are mods that do it.Overall-Would still hightly recommend, I believe the developer is working on the aformentioned cons.  It is a great game none the less if they don't.  The modding community will surely play with it and you will find something you are looking for, Or you could do the mod yourself if you feel so inclined."
76561197970151734,Recommended,230230,12098803,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,plaxis,"I did not know what to expect when i started up this game. I had hopes, sure, that it would be a decent rpg. It is however, much more. It lends from the classics that I loved, from baldurs gate to neverwinter nights to dragon age 1. Not finished it yet, but when I do I'm pretty sure I will restart it with a new character - and a glass of wine next to my keyboard."
76561198025643813,Recommended,230230,12105369,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ekscrypto,"If you love playing turn-based RPG, this gem is going to give you hundred of hours of entertainment; well written and engaging story line, dozens of ways to solve puzzles, flexible build system, solo and team playing modes; just fantastic!I haven't had as much fun playing a game since the last Dragon Age; give this studio enough for cinematics and more voice-over this would be a AAA quality.While you are only granted progressive access to the world, you can explore a map at your own discretion, sometime pinning you in a situation you definitely aren't ready to face yet; this bring a level of freedom (and risk) which makes the game that much more enjoyable.  The hard mode is difficult but achievable, which makes winning fights much more rewarding.  Plenty of variety in drops, could do with a slight increase in drop rate IMHO.Overall, awesome!"
76561197971118263,Recommended,230230,12106411,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,twistedd,"This is a fun, well thought out, well written RPG. Reminescent of old school, large scale RPG's . If all that sounds good to you , then you should be buying this game right now. WHat are you waiting for, you still have to wait for it to download. You are missing out on sweet, addictive role playing goodness right now"
76561198002602648,Recommended,230230,11977255,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,oogly,"This wonderfully funny and enjoyable RPG consumed my life for weeks. It was with giddy excitement that I approached each new quest and advanced each level. The malleability of the gameplay is incredible: you seem to be able to craft almost anything and accumulate a vast array of different spells and skills. Unlike many RPGs, none of the abilities or skills were redundant, and you can really only succeed with a well-rounded squad who can deal with situations both in and out of combat. The turn-based queue combat requires a lot more thought and strategy than the usual action-RPG format of Diablo or Torchlight, and I found it infinitely more fun. 10/10"
76561197972942572,Recommended,230230,11984537,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Elesion,"BLUF: This is today's version of Balder's Gate 2 and Icewind Dale.Very indepth and intriguing storyline.Very diverse spell/skill combinationsOpen ended class system for skill pointsStrong use of map/terrain for combatClassic turn based combat and roles for saving throwsDiablo style loot system with random dropsQuests and plot require thought to completeThere are some major flaws that include:Loss of much sleep and deprivationHard to find a good stopping pointSad to know that the game will have to end at some pointTLDR: Buy it, support the developers, worth every dollar."
,Recommended,230230,11985424,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,RynerLute,"One of the best Tactical Turn-Based RPG's in recent years~! If you like strategic games, even turn-based ones, or are a fan of the D&D mechanics as popularized by games like Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale and even Neverwinter Nights, then this game is for you.It's like Baldur's Gate 2 reborn with some interesting mechanics and twists added.10/10 easy."
76561198027251280,Recommended,230230,11967882,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,a fucking idiot,"This is the game that taught me my Pathfinder DM is a horrifying, incorrigible, maniacal munchkin."
,Recommended,230230,11971307,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Nine Hell Sandoz,"8/10TL;DR: If you like old school RPGs, you must buy this game and you must buy it now. Don't buy it on sale, buy it now, support the developers if you want to see more games like this made."
76561198119387399,Recommended,230230,11971904,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DaCooGuy123,"This game is super fun! Probably one of my most favorite RPG's. The only thing I didn't enjoy was that there is no day and night cycle. It sounds ridiculous, but I think the game would be much more fun with a day and night cycle, for example, stealth would be a lot better, such as enemies would have a harder time spoting you. Other than that the game was amazing! 9.5/10"
76561197993381189,Recommended,230230,11974783,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Blightwind,Absolutely!  This game is a blast!
,Recommended,230230,11251129,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Wandrin' Man,So much fun! I can't sing this game's praises enough. I'm looking forward to future mods and expansions.
76561198030742061,Recommended,230230,11676673,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Iron2Steel,"Great Game! If you like Baulders Gate series you will like this! Still needs a few tweeks but overall a really outstanding product.Ok after the first play thru.The game needs to spawn radom ""bad guys"". Once you clear an area of ""bad guys"" thats it nothng else left to kill.Maybe be able to create Blood Stones - but that will probably change the balance of the game.Other than that I think it is an awsome game and I am already looking forward to an Expansion  -  hopefully a huge one.  : )"
,Recommended,230230,11882706,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ShawnMcCool,This is no acceptable reason to miss this game.
76561198005616635,Recommended,230230,11887343,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TopGun,"The best oldstyle-RPG  for these years. It is strongly recommended to all funs of Baldurs Gate, Ultima, Planescape, Icewinddale or etc."
76561198031826549,Recommended,230230,11915160,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ThisDayIsBananas,"This game is great. So great in fact that I have yet to finish any major story line because I keep restarting to make new characters...Pick it up, it's a game!"
,Recommended,230230,11917584,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mr White Foxy,"This game should get an award for best AI and foot pathing. Your characters will automtically walk around traps and other surfaces that can hurt you without a problem. The combat is challenging and there is no level scaling; so you can run into mobs that are way higher level than you and get into some big trouble. The UI and controls were specifically made for PC in mind, so don't worry about that if you are like me and always play with a mouse and keyboard. Don't expect much dialogue since this game is mostly text based when talking to people.The graphics are very painterly and pleasnt to the eye, kinda like Torchlight. It's isometric so you can only have it in an angled view with the option to pan around.The cons I have with it are that your character don't automatically walk around ice surfaces and can slip and fall out of combat which makes you annoyingly wait for them to get back up. Another issue that's very minor is some audio desync/missing audio. A bug I encountered near the end of the game was when a certain dialogue came up and would crash to desktop if you tried to finish it without dual dialogue being turned on in the options. I have checked and I am not the only one who experienced this. Other than that, this game is perfect.I have beaten this game twice now and I am on my third playthrough with a witch and a rogue. This is the most entertainment I have gotten out of a game in this genre since Dragon Age: Origins. I highly recommend if you are into the older stuff like Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale, ect. to buy this and play it!"
76561198030069780,Recommended,230230,11919386,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,tTOMA,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,230230,11922907,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,clux,"Solid Baldur's Gate feel from Larian; a slow game for you to explore with a friend  (though can apparently play 4p with some tweaks). If you have the patience for this style of turn based coop RPG, it's worth it."
,Recommended,230230,11927107,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Cloudy,"One thing to remember when playing this game: You can steal almost absolutely anything, so long as nobody finds out. Same goes for someone's life."
76561198063432716,Recommended,230230,11927480,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,mr. chomsky,best game evah
,Recommended,230230,11956669,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Digi,"This Game is not friendly, but that is part of it's charm. There is no hand holding or linear GO HERE prompts and I guarantee the Save button will be your friend!Recommended but much more fun in Coop!"
76561198098047965,Recommended,230230,11959083,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Granddaddy Purp,"Everything I like about older RPGs, modernized."
76561198137662166,Recommended,230230,11961013,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Lewis,"To start off what an amazing game I thought it was going to be like all the other RPG Games but I was wrong. Its very enjoyable not once did I get tired of playing, I did get very frustrated when I could not figure out what to do. Its a shame you could not resurrect the NPC's but guess that's the fun and tactical turn-based RPG experience of it, probably should of looked more into the game before slaughtering the entire population of Cyseal out of anger. You do need to play slightly strategic or you will not be able to finish some of the quest or you could just kill everyone out of frustration, Its up to you!Only Faults I have with the game is that its still a little Buggy with the Walking, Some of the quests and the Fighting does glitch a little, But still enjoyed defiantly worth the money."
,Recommended,230230,11963685,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"This game is a lot of fun. Its very difficult, but usually not in a way that's frustrating or pointless. It requires a lot of care and thought when playing, otherwise you'll be dying all the time. I had to start the game a few times just to figure out which two characters I wanted to start with. Its probably a good idea to read a few of the starting guides floating around the internet (i used the one on kotaku). There are a few things I really dislike about the game however: selecting enemies and objects is a bit flighty...sometimes you'll try to click on a merchant and you'll accidently steal from them. The other thing I detest is the stupid rock-paper-scissors thing that pops up during conversations when someone (a party member or npc) disagrees with you. I get that its trying to simmulate a dice roll to determine the outcome of a conversation, but I'd much rather have that be a hidden-dice roll than some stupid mini-game that pops up to irritate me. Other than these minor anoyances, its a pretty great game, well deserving of the 7 or 8 out of 10 that most reviewers give it."
,Recommended,230230,11964420,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Darth Senpai,This is the greatest rpg I have played in a long time. And the coop is stellar. Having your two characters argue over a decision eventually coming to a conclusion and getting different little stat bonuses based on what side of the argument you are on. And the way the elements play off each other means there are a million ways to win and lose a fight if you are not strategic. Poisoning your enemies and igniting the poison cloud is a blast. And the effects of creating a puddle under your enemies then adding some electricity can be shocking.
76561198100464793,Recommended,230230,11881282,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Asyrin,"Amazing game. Everything a pen and paper rpg brings with in a computer game. Wish there were more voice packs but hey, still incredible."
76561198083848550,Recommended,230230,11881592,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Turambar,"Absolute wonderful game that takes some old school principals and throws a new look and new ideas into the mix to make a great experince. Haven't enjoyed a game as much as this in a long time. Good difficulty that levels out to make you feel powerful, but not too quick, with lots to do and see. The enviroment and elemental effects add a new level to battles that makes some hard fights simple and simple fights hard. Great game for anyone who likes a good story rpg or iso strategy game. Best buy for myself in a long time. Have 116 hours on record and almost all of that is in game playing time. Not just one run thru tho. Has a good amount of replay potential in my opinion. I like to mess about with different characters and story choices and with the very large levels and amount of things to look in, talk to, and generally interact with, there are several playthroughs here if you want them. Great game! With the editor the game was shipped with, am excited to see what the modding community can do with the great game too!"
,Recommended,230230,11881656,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Eruditio,"Very fun hard and rewarding game. Styled after Baldurs gate, but with updated graphics and ui. This game does not hold your hand so good luck out there."
76561197992614493,Recommended,230230,11882009,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,j mack,"This is a really fun game with flaws that become increasingly tiresome as the game progress. The good parts of the game are the tactical combat and meaningful RPG character leveling. In combat most attaks interact with one another by altering terrain or by applying status effects. Character build has a significant effect on the game, but still gives you the freedom to make a Witch-Archer as a valid character.The major problems with the game are that many of the later puzzles and quests are opaque and basically require guides to complete, or at least complete in a reasonable amount of time. The objectives of the puzzles are clear, but there are often no hints to the puzzles and require guesswork to finish. The other problem is that the last few fights aren't very satisfying. These fights tend to either be a terrible slog, or too easy and you end up not evening bothering with most of your skills. I gave up on a fight with a boss who had an insane number of hitpoints, high armor, high resistances to all elements, high resistance to crowd control spells, and immunity to stuns.A minor problem is that you build two of your four characters and hire on two pre-made characters. This effectively limits you to building your party around the pre-made characters. If I play this game again I would find a mod that would let me create an entire party.I still recommend the game. I just found myself not finishing it, but leaving satisfied anyway."
,Recommended,230230,11882043,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Atomosk,ridiculously awesome game !!
,Recommended,230230,11887931,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Syvriux,"Loved Baldur's Gate?  This incredibly awesome game is made for you. Of course, its not a copy paste and the story is probably not as deep as Baldur's Gate. But! The turn based fights, the character customization and the environmental effects turn this game in an ""absolute must play"". However, with great customization powers comes underpowered responsabilities. Depending of how you make characters, you will or will not be able to complete some quests. For instance, never neglect perception, because many quests will require this attribute to be completed. Sad fact, if you've already done the game once, you will never need this attribute -ever-. Just use the shovel at the key spots and you will find whatever you're looking for, perception or not.Anyway. In my opinion, the game is truely worth playing and has the great potential of being considered a masterpiece. Also, depending of the community imagination, the Steam Workshop will add a great longivity to the game."
76561198125227203,Recommended,230230,11955626,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Fiktionpixel,"I enjoyed it. I haven't played an rpg like this since neverwinter. I will admit though, I was nearly forcing myself to play it for the first zone around Cyseal. It wasn't until I got to the next zone where Silverglen is located that I started to become interested in the story.I thought the combat was good, the world pretty. There was some funny moments and interesting side stories. The main story was fairly predictable, but there were a few twists along the way that were nice.My gripes with it are mainly cosmetic, I think the UI could be tidied up a little. A better way to look through books for instance or spellbooks. by the end of the game I had so many books in my inventory, I was sorting them into my bags, but I didnt want to get rid of any of them. this could be solved with a community mod for sure though. Would be nice to have a scrolling list of books and what not, but there are points where u know you have a book that either is used on a quest or has helpful information for a quest and you're stuck mousing over each book to read the titles. Possible my computer is slow, but I have like a 2 second delay for titles to pop up and this becomes tedious for me.Have similar delays on a lot of other inventory things and stuff. Graphics set on lowest for me also makes it hard to do the quests that have hidden levers and what not. My computer isnt horrible, and the graphics on this game don't seem like leaps and bounds better than neverwinter or anything, so not sure why it was so laggy for me when I tried to up the graphics.I know I wrote a lot about these few things, as frustrating as they were, i still quite enjoyed the game. I dont mind all the trial and error stuff. The game doesnt hold your hand much so be prepared to take every book or significant object you find for later use. and keep note of each group of npcs and stuff they might be talking about, typically you'll have side quests for an npc sending you to the other side of the zone for stuff.If you like the old rpgs, you'll probably like this one a lot. Nice to see some kickstarter games having some success."
76561197974425807,Recommended,230230,11955953,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Yawhae,"Divinity is a turn based Co-op RPG. Both a friend and I have put over 50 hours into this game and still can't get enough. I have dreams about playing this when I'm not playing it, I'm hooked to say the least.The quests are deep and well thought out, they will not baby you through them and show you quest markers. You need to read the quest logs and search for the objective.The combat is challaging and is flexible enough to allow you to take out stronger opponents as long you play with tactics and work as a team.Great game would play through again after I finish my first run."
76561197971456658,Recommended,230230,11858248,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Aegiz,"Amazing game, hope they will create more.This game shows that kickstarter works.9/10"
,Recommended,230230,13700232,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cyclic Photophosphosphorylation,"Dug up a grave and a skeleton with big googly eyes and a giant bomb strapped to it's back came out and started a fight, a dog then bit the skeleton causing it blow up killing everyone.This is what a cRPG should be like."
76561197999305966,Recommended,230230,13704467,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ryper,The best game in a loooooooooooooooong time.
,Recommended,230230,13705983,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Netulven,"This game is very Epic, to say the leastIt took me 70 hours with a friend to get though it the first time,I've just started playing my 2nd play though, and the story progresses, in a new wayI like the fact that there is no railroad, plot points you need to follow, you can just go out explore, fight battles discover new places on the map,And when there is a Key plot hole, where you need to talk to a Quest NPC, it transistion very well, by giveing hints to as ""you need this item"" or ""this person should be able to help you"".And insted of forceing you to complete this keyplot point, you can choise to focus on finding the awnser or just go ut an explore another arena or side quest, and then come back later,With that in mind tho, its not always 100% clear to as where you need to go, to find these things,so sometimes you might find yourself in a pickel and google the answer ;)There are a few minor but anoying bugs in the game thoyou have to be carefull when in combat, since its easy to misclick, or position your chars right so you can make the attack you wish to make (backstabbing as a rogue) or Line of sight with spell casting,More often then not when playing as a melee charater, When I wished to attack, the Npc made a small movement so insted I moved my chatere to the oter side of the NPCIts a small thing but it can get very anoyingespicaly when you want to backstab monstersI find myself to enjoy this game very much, the only real draw back, is that it will only allow for 2 player in Co-opYou can mod it, to support 4 players, but its not the same experince as 2 players will play ""npc's"" so they can't interact with Plot NPC's At all,OverallReplay value: High18 hours in on my 2nd playthough, Only just left the starting arenaQuesting: Much funHard to tell where to go, but doesn't stop you from procressing anywaysMultiplayer experince: fantasticThe 2 main chars interact with each other with differnt qustions and anwsers, and haveing another Player just add to that experinceGameplay: Super duperA few bugs here and there, but noting major, good interacton with the environment, great combat mechanicsWill rate it 8/10Due to the fact that Bugs are still Bugs, and it doesn't support 4 player Co-op"
76561197983881093,Recommended,230230,13698393,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CHUCK NORRIS FAN CLUB,This is the type of game i can lose 100 hours into and not realise i've done so. The fact that you can play with a friend is awesome and the story and quests in this game are well done. You can tell the devs had passion for this game while they developed it.
,Recommended,230230,13700786,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zer0Tuna,"This is the culmination of great story and great gameplay. Pick this up, its funner with a friend!"
,Recommended,230230,13702241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zaohead,"Awesome, awesome, awesome. So awesome."
76561198005810298,Recommended,230230,13703614,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,exaris,Отличная игра в стиле старых РПГ.
,Recommended,230230,13704200,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,COACH,"is nice, except for the in-combat target system"
76561198071956765,Recommended,230230,13669210,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,skalamander,"Playing this game is a lot of fun, I'm only still missing the Linux version"
76561198030396898,Recommended,230230,14385110,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SirCumcision,"Everything i've ever wanted in a video game, the developers made the interface super easy to get used to although complicated at first, and if you arent familiar with what things mean little pop up boxes display for a quick reference. Hands down best game i've played in years!!"
,Recommended,230230,13061401,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GuitarMan,"OVERALL SCORE- 9.25-10Fantastic, action-turn based RPG.  In the vain of old school RPG's like baldur's gate, Final Fantasy, and Heroes of might and magic, Divinity: Original Sin perfects thrilling turn based combat, with an interactive elemental system.  The game is very difficult. The quests are varied and the game doesn't hold the players hand.  Although the game starts out slow to give the player a chance to learn its mechanics, Divinity: Original Sin builds up momentum and ends up being a truly unforgettable gem. With 80-120 hours of questing, rpg and looting and customizing will not be dissapointed. There is tons of loot, customization, action-turn based battles, and real decisions that effect the world around you.  There is alot of text, and a steep learning curve.  However, RPG enthusiasists who learn the mechanics and world are truly rewarded.  Fans of Old school rpg's and series like Final fantasy and Heroes of Might and Magic will especially appreciate the RPG fighting mechanics in this game."
76561198014454161,Recommended,230230,13066564,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jokulan,Everything you do had an effect. Combat is awesome and story too. Exploration is rewarded. This RPG has everything you could whis from RPG.
76561198026492892,Recommended,230230,13076967,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,paalia,Can't stop playing this till I'm done. Then I'll wait for an expansion.
76561197994613061,Recommended,230230,13077656,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,blackmoondev,"I feel like playing Baldur's Gate all over again.Pros:- Great, turn-based combat (hard as hell)- Cool story- Funny dialoguesCons:- You need to micromanage the inventory- You need to click on the enemies to attack/cast spells. There are enemies that do all kind of different animations while ""standing idle"" during your turn, so more than once I throw that powerfull spell on the ground next to the enemy (which in this game pretty much means ""reload"")."
,Recommended,230230,13100399,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Valyth,"One of my favourite games of 2014. Story is nothing special for an RPG, but the characters are solid and the choices you can make through the story are fantastic - your actions matter.  Most importantly, the turn-based gameplay is absolutely fantastic.  I love the way spells can interact each other and with the environment.  Is it raining?  Try that chain lightning spell and watch it spread around... but watch out for friendly fire!  Is your fire-elemental near death?  Trying a fireball spell to heal him and damage everyone around him.  Combat is the strongest area here, so give it a try."
,Recommended,230230,13102384,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Aluciz,ugh... I just bought this game yesterday and now it's on sale....well.. aside from my sadness of this ... it's a good game
,Recommended,230230,13102826,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Angel M,Great game! Especially for coop with friend(s).No boring grinding for the sake of level up. Combat takes some thinking. Puzzles are fairly challenging and fun.
76561198053136284,Recommended,230230,13104755,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AKoNGz,"One of the most significant PC-RPG of 2014, with an array of colourful open interaction. Triple A class gaming."
,Recommended,230230,13116345,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,cyberpepe,bretty gud 8/10
,Recommended,230230,13118819,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ass Boiler,"One of the best RPG's of all time.Pros:+ A wide variety of spells and skills. You have got everything to solve every kind of problem and situation. Do you want to steal something? You can be a ghost. Do you want to prevent a sword carrier to reach you? Just oil him up, knockdown and burn that oil. Perfect.+ Characters and NPC's are fun. Areas are small but filled with details. Also in coop, you feel a true tabletop RPG feeling.+ Story is catching and got some important plot twists.+ Not an easy game. Which is perfect for me 'coz i played almost all classic RPG games and i don't want a game to point me in every important thing (with map markers, compass icons etc). You should listen, read, explore and be careful when you are doing quests. Game isn't forgiving.+ Your party needs a balance, even your characters in themselves. This feature adds a strategy value to the game. You should divide all the important skills(such as barter, crafting, blacksmithing, lock picking, pickpocketing etc) to your characters evenly. You shouldn't give a character all the skills. 'coz you must master some of them in late game to be better. Use your skill/attribute points wisely.+ No respawning monsters. It allows you to concentrate on exploration and story much more. I hated it when i play Sacred 1.+ Loots are good and variable. There are lots of different weapons, armors and accessories to use. You can even dye them.+ Enemies aren't stupid. They throw everything to kill you and they are doing good, especially when they are stronger than you.Cons:- Wish i could control elements just like Magicka (such as freezing a river etc).- Interface (especially inventory) is a mess. Could be a lot better.If you are a hardcore RPG gamer. it must be a must buy for you. One of the best games of 2014."
76561198015699224,Recommended,230230,13047023,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Barneycuss,"Best isometric RPG I have ever played.RPG is my favorite genre, and I have been playing them for 30 years.I am a Developer, and can tell that the devs on this game were passionate and loved it.Best game I have played in years.Cannot reccomend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,230230,14041274,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bipolar Beary,took 60 hours to beat this game.was well worth the money
76561198030690202,Recommended,230230,11352120,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Nova,Game much much good
76561198051963055,Recommended,230230,13339490,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,1662smc,"Great game, love it"
76561198054377127,Recommended,230230,13343134,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,bzbrown1,Awesome Game! U can spend weeks learning all the tricks! Replay value is endless!
,Recommended,230230,13346808,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tread [INaD],"Take your time with this game;  it is easy to make mistakes in combat and outside of combat.  Although Divinity boasts a sharp learning curve; mastering its complexity is a reward in inself.Sit back, relax and enjoy."
76561197964309799,Recommended,230230,13350059,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,devalian,"I have found the co-op play on this game to be entertaining and worth the value.  Initially the movement and play was confusing, but you quickly adapt.  I have laughed, cursed, been awestruck, was surprised with numerous other emotions that you generally do not get in one game.  The content is impressive and the items drops are frequent enough that have you checking to see if you can upgrade your item regularly, but rare enough that the upgrades are not frequent so when you do get that rare magic find that improves your gear you count yourself as lucky.  Character development, abilities, and spells are engaging and diverse.Occasionaly you will find it frustrating that your character moves to a point you intended to commit a ranged attack, but this minor point is only a minor irritation compared to the other amazing things this game has."
76561198002801575,Recommended,230230,13351099,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,faydeaway,Fantastic game. Definitely a spiritual sucessor to Baldur's Gate.
76561198005759485,Recommended,230230,13352178,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,bouchard_670,"This game, is what I've been longing for, for so many years now.Everything you would desire from a tactical RPG is here, a ton of role play, many fun easter-eggsa decent plot, very nice graphic considering that it's kickstarter, classes and skills are balanced and funand it's not a small game there's so many things to do, so many secrets to find and new places to explore.This is a MUST for all RPG fans, seriously, drop dragon age inquisition a second... and play this instead. Don't get me wrongDragon Age is good, but this is simply better."
,Recommended,230230,13366839,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Halcyon,"I am an RPG fan and have been playing RPGs since the original Ultima series.  This is one of the best top down perspective, turn based combat RPGs I have ever seen.  Fun and challenging battles, loads of content, quirky moments, and freedom to explore.. and die..Pros:+ Very few bugs encountered+ Mostly open world.. explore where you like just be prepared to die when you bump into that troll with +3lvl on you+ Very little hand holding (no giant blinky quest markers or little arrows telling you where to go)+ Reading quests is actually important (see above)+ Loads of content+ Battles are tough and entertaining (assuming you are not 3lvls higher than your enemy...)+ Battle strategy is important.. and using environment (or making your own environmental challenges) is key+ Some good stories and quest lines - and some goofy ones for fun  (Pet Pal talent opens some lol dialogue moments)Cons:- Camera angles can be a bit challenging at times.. you can rotate the camera but only by 45 degrees or so (Hint: 'b' for straight top down perspective can be your friend)- I want my characters to move faster.. so much running around when lost- Secret buttons and the like can be very hard to find sometimes.. Of course, they are supposed to be secret so does this really count as a con?"
,Recommended,230230,13367461,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,k3rmit,Oldschool RPG. If you liked Fallout 1/2 and Neverwinter Nights you're gonna have fun. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun! 10/10
76561198050554799,Recommended,230230,13370915,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MissLid,"I have played over 40 hours thus far and I love this game. The only thing I haven't come to grips with is the crafting. The story line is great, the dialogue is often very funny and the fighting mechanics are easy to learn whilst still remaining challenging as you work your way up the ladder. You start in Cyceal but there are other lands that open up for you as you progress. Just be aware that your journal sometimes reveals clues that you didn't actually receive ffrom NPCs so you want to check it regularly. All said, I would give it 9/10."
76561198070790739,Recommended,230230,13371676,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BigBadSam,Not the best user interface but the game does improve when you play.  A classic style RPG with heavy dialogue.
76561198031164145,Recommended,230230,13396407,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bacchus169,"An awesome turn-based, tactical RPG.  I got 120 hrs out of my playthrough."
76561198006552655,Recommended,230230,13406331,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Meteor,great game
76561197999385812,Recommended,230230,13407738,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,thedrellum,"Divinity: Original Sin is doing so well that I don't really think my positive review will bring others to the fold, however I wanted to review a specific aspect of the game--the multi-player.On it's own, I think I'd prefer a Wasteland 2-style game if I was playing by myself. Divinity: OS is a mix between a more traditional RPG in that vein mixed with Diablo-esque elements, and that might not be enough to hold my interest on it's own.  Don't get me wrong, the writing is really awesome, the moral choices that you make are effective and affecting, and the various elements of the game are all pretty amazing (so maybe I'm wrong when I say I'd get bored on my own).However I'm playing this game with my girlfriend--we love playing games together and there are very few where we can do so like this, playing the game at the same time in the same world without it being a MMORPG. And the developers even build this co-op into the story itself by giving a way to resolve arguments between players so that the argument becomes part of the story. It is the perfect game for playing with a girlfriend or a friend, especially since you can explore the world on your own without being tethered to that person (though you're more likely to die, and will end up not getting the full story of the game if you do so--but still!).This is one of the best and most immersive co-op games we've played together. I highly recommend it if you've also got someone to play with regularly (because the game is also LONG)."
76561198030807681,Recommended,230230,13408012,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Veg,Bestes Rollenspiel seit Baldurs Gate 2.
,Recommended,230230,13409865,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Stevosteve,AMAZING!
,Recommended,230230,13411944,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Vick Tree,Every game should have these environmental effects.
76561198011381455,Recommended,230230,13352936,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,blorphus,"This game is excellent, I highly recommend it.To fully enjoy it, you should have enough patience to thoroughly explore, and solve puzzles without hand-holding.  Also you should regard analysis to optimize tactics during turn-based combat as a good thing instead of a chore.  If this is you, you are in for a treat.Like most 'open-world' RPGs, it's not truly open-world, you have to complete certain items in a certain order to progress to the end of the main storyline.  But with that caveat, it's a well-designed open world, with a lot of flexibility about whether or when to do things.  I had trouble with the Braccus Rex encounter and some of the Hiberheim ones initially, before I'd fully settled on how to maximize my party's combat effectiveness.  But the game was flexible enough that it was possible to defer those until later, and meanwhile I was able to make progress in other parts of the game and finish getting my sh*t together building my character skills and getting them to fight well as a group.It's a subjective, personal preference whether you like turn-based combat, but I prefer it over RTS or FPS twitch-fests.  I most like RPGs for engaging, involved stories, some amount of 'wow!' visuals and audio, and the challenges of solving well-designed puzzles.  Because there's so much to do in these kinds of games, even well-designed user interfaces are complex, and I'm not good at navigating complex controls with fast reflexes.  Therefore the twitch-fest games are frustrating because key combats after hours of buildup playing through other parts of the game just shouldn't come down to a test of reflexes navigating wonky interfaces.  Count me squarely in the camp of preferring turn-based combat, or at least something with easy ways to break the action to deal with vagaries of the controls.  I've played many, many CRPGs onward from the 1980s.....Ultima, Bard's Tale, Wasteland, Fallout, Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, Elder Scrolls, Dragon Age, etc.  Of them all, this is the most balanced turn-based combat I've ever seen.  It is a delight.  There are so many different possible ways to play the encounters, and numerous ways to succeed or fail based on the quality of your execution.  Area effect skills are a treat to use to best effect, and many effects interact.  It's a tactician's dream to plan ways to use more than one skill/ability/attack/defense together.  I've only played it through once (on normal difficulty) and probably won't have time to play through again.  But if I did, it would be fascinating to explore different approaches to building the party and character skills.  I eventually found a very effective strategy during my one and only playthrough, and by the end my party was nearly unstoppable.  But that was hard-earned, the AI for opponents is fairly decent and they have similar (or greater) strength to player characters, as well as access to similar resources.  Also, in many encounters you are outnumbered, and your party can be overwhelmed if you fight inefficiently.  You cannot just blunder through the fights and win if you don't know what you're doing, it's a challenge to find what works and match it to your playing style.  But well worth the effort, with satisfying payoff......you get to advance another step in a compelling plot, and there is often good loot.Sound and visuals for spell effects are great, with good background music as well.    The dialogs are well-written and often amusing, though only text, there is no voice-acting.  The lack of voice deprives the game of memorable audio moments such as those in games like Baldur's Gate (""where Minsc goes, evil stands aside!""), but I imagine it also helped keep development costs down.  I think I saw online they did the whole project for 4 million euro (about $5M).  That seems amazingly efficient for a game of this scope and quality: I've seen other games that cost an order of magnitude more to make.  That seems foolish, a game, no matter how good, should not cost tens of millions to make.  You're doing it wrong if you're spending that much money on it.  If a tradeoff they chose to stay within budget was to forego voice-acting, it seems like a good trade overall.Loot is numerous with lots of neat attributes to satisfy collector/hoarder types.  Much if not all the loot attributes seem randomly-generated, which works fine overall and adds to replay value (since in each playthrough, you'll get different stuff).  To a point, it's unsatisfying to feel as if nothing you find has fixed attributes, it deprives of the chance to discuss good stuff with other players who also find the same things.  But that's a pretty minor quibble, overall it probably works best as designed.  You get lots of replay value, and I think provision to modify item properties to fit your playing style.I didn't make much use of crafting system in my playthrough, I've seen some comments criticizing it as a waste of time and tedious/difficult to use.  There is some justification for such criticisms: it's possible to finish the entire game as I did without using it significantly, and I still don't feel I know much about what you can do with it because it seems to be explained incompletely by explicit info you find in-game: I think you're meant to learn through experimentation.  But I've seen other comments suggesting there's quite a bit you can do with it.  So I've concluded that it's just another flexible element of the game.  I focused on other things in my playthrough and don't regret the choice: I did what I wanted and was able to finish, but if I play again I'll try the crafting system more to see what you can do with it.The user interface is complicated and has a steep learning curve, this is one area I wish was better.  Maybe I just keep too much stuff I find in these games, but after playing a while your characters have quite a lot of stuff, and keeping track of it + accessing it when desired is cumbersome.  Key quest items won't work unless the character who possesses the item is actively selected.....not impossible to deal with once you realize it, and if you have good methods to remember which character has which item, but frustrating otherwise.Puzzles are generally well-designed, but there are a few frustrating ones where the solution comes down to finding something visually obscure (and easy to miss), or fetching something far away and/or remembering that you fetched it a long time ago.  That could be super-frustrating if you couldn't figure it out or couldn't search for help online.  But not the end of the world if you are persistent, and willing/able to Google as a last resort.  (I'll admit I needed that a time or two, though was able to solve almost all of it unaided).Anyway, this is getting long and I feel like I'm picking nits at this point.  Overall, I'd restate my initial comment: Excellent game, highly recommended, very engaging, flexible, and balanced, the best CRPG I've seen so far that was published in 2014, compares favorably to CRPG legends like Baldur's Gate.  Fervently hoping for expansions and/or meaty DLC!"
,Recommended,230230,11064495,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Swag_iwnl,This is a awsome game.The graphics are good
,Recommended,230230,11986485,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chiffaa,"Really greate hardcore game! For everyone who bored of casual games. Skills, secrets, monsters, taktics, equipment, crafting and ets."
,Recommended,230230,14397656,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,A Wet Noodle,"Great game! Has some things I'd like to see improved, but overall a fun game!"
,Recommended,230230,13010083,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,chad,Simply awesome!Irado!Easy 9/10
76561197979053128,Recommended,230230,14397821,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Zhuangzi,"One of the best games I've played in a long time.   If you like to explore and figure stuff out for yourself, this is the game for you.  honestly, even if you get stuck there is a ton of info on the interwebs out there for you too."
76561197982989481,Recommended,230230,8924359,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,its a good game i recomend it :)
76561198030772522,Recommended,230230,11117955,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,HughJass,"Great game, amazing elemental dynamics and interesting NPC's and interactions"
76561197994275094,Recommended,230230,11114198,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Foxxy277,Simply a masterpiece. If you are fan of oldschool RPG's like Baldurs Gate or Ultima series then this is definitly worth a try!
76561198004798559,Recommended,230230,11117443,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheBlackTemplar,from what i've played i can see this is going to be a long game. and there is nothing wrong with that. combat is fun
76561198039473236,Recommended,230230,11114054,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,CapN DvS,Awesome game! especially coop very immersive gameplay and story.
76561198035196479,Recommended,230230,11117759,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rytheguy,"it's like a new age, old school,  baulders gate. Spells and environment interaction is awesome, adds a larger depth to combat.  Comes with and editor so you can build campaigns for your friends. Only wish there was a more expansive multiplayer, allowing you to drop your own char into a friends game, also could use a way to allow more then just 2 person multiplayer, if they could expand that to 4 or even further it would be an amazing lan party game."
76561198005151454,Recommended,230230,11114316,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Blackred,"I've been waiting for a REAL spiritual Successor of Baldurs Gate II since almost a decade ago.With Divinity: OS, it has finally arrived.A game all pure BG2, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment, Neverwinter Nights (barely) and Dragon Age 1 (If you liked 2, go play Call of Duty instead) fans should play.Comes with Editor.Where's the Nexus Forums!!!?"
,Recommended,230230,11113721,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,hyperbole,I can't recommend D:OS enough! Questing requires a bit of legwork and thought. No running between exclamation marks on your map. D:OS will challenge and reward you for your time spent. Also fantastic in coop.
,Recommended,230230,11094929,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Pasta,You can unite two cats in maternal marriage11/10
,Recommended,230230,11111668,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tiny Montana (Oldraiden),"Killed a sheep, got murdered by guards for it10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,230230,19857848,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Genghis_Conn,f gtgyj ftgj
,Recommended,230230,11240564,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dendi Defendi 💯💯💯😂,the first rule of spud club is: you do not talk about spud club. that potato vendor had it coming.
76561197960549850,Recommended,230230,11522418,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,tOXO,iznize
,Recommended,230230,11097794,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mr Explody,Stealing paintings and selling them back to the victim - 10/10
76561198133709970,Recommended,230230,11105582,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,crawfordcc1,great game
76561198044946307,Recommended,230230,11400070,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,KOHb,10/10
,Recommended,230230,11795741,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,watch Jordan Peterson,"Brilliant game.  challenging, engaging, deep and with a great sense of humour.  if you like the old fashioned RPGs, then buy this right now and support a game that finally doesn't dissappoint"
76561198051012392,Recommended,230230,11799574,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,toferbraun,"The best coop RPG game I've played to date. Challenging puzzles, enormous battles, loads of gear, and you can do it all with a friend. Also the class system is amazing. Lots of diversity in creating your character and your team in general. Only complaint is that it is still fairly buggy at times."
,Recommended,230230,11801818,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Thanathos,"My love of RPGs began in the early 80s with the Temple of Apshai, but over the last few years, RPGs had fallen out of favor with me because of the lack of real content and the quest markers and grinding systems used these days to keep people playing not for enjoyment but for 10 bucks a month.When I purchased Divine Divinity Original Sin, it wasn't because I was excited to play another RPG, it was because it was a game that my wife and I could play together.  I expected the game to be playable, mildly enjoyable and sufficient for the wife and I to have a good time together.   In reality, it was so much more.This game is by far the best RPG I have played in the last 10 years and for me is on my top 3 list all time of RPGs I have played.  The interactions with NPCs, the different paths you can take during quests and the interactive environment is absolutely amazing.  On top of the game the wife and I play, I have my own game I just recently completed and I have started another one.  The game in immersive and challenging.It has the content and style of play I have been seeking for years from RPGs and even though there has been no talk (that I know of) of expansion packs or sequels, I can't wait for either.It's a beautiful game not only visually but also in its content, layout and gameplay.  I would recommend it for anyone who enjoys RPGs.The game does have a few bugs and problems, but I expect that from a young game developer.  None of these bugs makes the game unplayable or less enjoyable ."
76561198007109290,Recommended,230230,11805113,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Ramrod1984,"Absolutely awesome game. Brings back the glory days of Baldurs Gate and Neverwinter Nights. The dialog is very witty and humorous at times. Not to mention that every decision you make gains you points on a personality slider. From blunt to caring to romantic each personality trait gives a buff or bonus (a really cool idea if you ask me). Oh and if you like stealing things this game is for you, as long as you're sneaky you can literally steal paintings off of NPC's walls LOL. Definitely a great game and I am glad to see this genre of RPG's again. 10 out of 10 baby!"
76561198031558700,Recommended,230230,11808282,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Lordwall,"This game is amazing. It has that old RPG feel to it, like baulders gate or fallout. Custom classes if you want to make them and a companion to start out with that may not agree with the decisions you make. Its fun to argue with your traveling buddies and see what happens. The turn based tactical combat has a layer of depth not found in alot of games like this today, for example, I can slash a baddie, and then have my mage lightning bolt the puddle of blood he's standing in. Or perhaps its raining and everyone gets soaked, well that just makes freezing my enemies that much easier. This game is just amazing. Lots of freedom. I love it"
,Recommended,230230,11812382,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,furciokun77,"I have been playing Divinity: Original Sin for a few months now. And it's amazing. It's challenging, fun and offers a level of customization we players are unaccostumed to. The crafting system is fresh and makes sensewhile combat is a treat. You can interact with 80% of the game....Just go play Divinity"
76561197966648508,Recommended,230230,11813058,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BlackNinjaJesus,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥pure and simple.  If you liked Baulder's Gate I & II,  Ice Wind Dale, Planescape, and are in need of a new fix pick this up.  It's witty, it's challenging, and the combat is fantastic."
,Recommended,230230,11813916,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Willexan,"Pro:Depth of combat mechanics.Freedom for different approaches to quests.Emphasis on interaction with environment.Diverse character ability customization.Rich story and lore.Con:Unoptimized coding which results in:-Missing text.-Infinite dialogue loops.-Absurdly long loading time even on SSD.-Constant crashing.But if you look past the technical issues which the studio will most likely fix in future patches, Divinity: Original Sin is an amazing game that is well worth the price and your time."
,Recommended,230230,11814106,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Goose,pretty good so far
76561198027871099,Recommended,230230,11814379,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,OwlTiger,please do translate this game scription!
,Recommended,230230,11815834,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Ived,"Let's see... halibut, sheep's cheese,...tomatos..."
,Recommended,230230,11815927,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,LuminaireFox,"Brings up memories of past classic top down Isometric RPGs of the past, but with updated conveniences and visuals."
76561198038126464,Recommended,230230,11744187,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,mdjohnnymac,Great game!  This is the absolute best RPG I have played since Baldur's Gate!  I real treat for old school pen and paper RPG fans.  I have 60 plus hours in the game and still going strong.  Looking forward to checking out user created content once done with the main campaign.  To the creators of this gem...  Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
76561198043286563,Recommended,230230,11744285,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,danhell2011,"Honestly after playing 30ish hours, I'd like to give it a neutral standing, although I'm giving it a ""thumbs up"".  Don't get me wrong, the game is fantastic and all, but god damn rock paper scissors is one hell of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Why on earth was such a crappy design implemented in to this gem of a RPG?  What the hell were the beta testers doing?   If I were a beta tester myself I would of went directly to their HQ and remove this stupid feature myself.  Am I mad? You damn right I'm mad bro.  Space bar the rock paper scissors is pointless unless you got more points, otherwise if your adversary has more, good luck winning with space bar within 100 game loads.   It's like 80% of my game time in Divinity is wasted in reloading my game to win the rock paper scissors."
76561198012028459,Recommended,230230,11746281,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Teflon,"Okay, this game is not polished. There are some ridiculous moments where you may accidentally attack a barrel next to a guard and then everyone wants to kill you. But if you're playing multiplayer, these times are just fantastic. Especially when you get to watch your friend die because they clicked on a bookstand instead of the cat next to it. Whatever. This game solves arguments by rocks, paper, scissors.  It's just a really good time."
76561197972315950,Recommended,230230,11747254,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Hephaestus,This game tickles my fancy.  My fancy likes to be tickled.
,Recommended,230230,11747545,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Zee Dawhg,"I snuck into a woman's home, went through her drawers, found smelly panties, and then put them on.10/10"
76561198021903868,Recommended,230230,11747676,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,sythiel,"If there is ever a Baulder's Gate 3, this game will be, without a doubt, the highest inspiration. I've been big on PC RPGs for a long time - since BG2, nothing has really given me a long-lasting ""wow"" factor. Divinity: Original Sin changed all that. Even as I'm sitting here, over 20-something hours into the game, I know I've barely scratched the surface, and yet I find myself already thinking about what characters I want to create for my next playthrough. The replay valaue is limitless, which to an RPG gamer, more than justifies the price tag. If you're the fence, trust me - do yourself a favor and drop the cash. You will not regret it."
76561197976888353,Recommended,230230,11747969,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Siegmeyer,Best game this year! I love it!
76561197975245018,Recommended,230230,11762590,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Llaerrick,if you're a fan of old school turn-based rpg's this game you will not be disappointed. there is so many layers behind this game and ways to play it (and with a healthy modding community) that you will be entertained for a long time to come. buy it.
76561197995701552,Recommended,230230,11012427,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Qix213,"Reminds me of Baulder's Gate, but with all the modern things you'd miss going back to a game from the 90's.  I haven't made it far yet, but it feels a bit like the first Dragon Age but slower paced.  Very tactical.Not as much 'hand-holding' as most modern RPG's.  In this game, you seem to be perfectly free to fail if you make bad decisions.  But once yet get a hanbdle on the mechanics, it can becoem a bit easy if anything.  The game has no quals about you abusing some mechanincs if you choose to.  Again, less hand holding than most modern games (especially modern RPG's).Currently I am a little past half through the game via co-op.  I would not recomment playing coop on your first playthrough unless you are doing it via LAN in the same room.  It can be hard to follow story related things becasue the game allows you the freedom to wander apart and miss thigns if you choose to do so.So far, this is one of the best RPG's I've ever played.  PCGamer recently did a Best RPG's of all time.  This game rghtful ranks up tehere in teh ranks for good reason.It's got it's faults, there are more than a couple instances of completelty useless talants and character customization options, including some player characters you can recruit that are extremely un-optimzed.    Exactly how some things work, and interact is not always explained well in game.  But quick google searches easily make up for that.  One thing that would be very welcome is an option for a early game respec's  It would alleviate the need to repeat the first few levels so many times if, like me, you love being perfectly optimized.Another welcome fix/change would be the ability to design all 4 of your characters from the outset, as well as allow 4 player multiplayer natively.  The mod community has already seen to both these things, but they are not perfect."
,Recommended,230230,11750827,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,binom,"nice coop, lots of fun)"
,Recommended,230230,11757767,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Caplet,Happy with my purchase. Pretty good game.
,Recommended,230230,11767320,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,HornyScotsman,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067800477,Recommended,230230,11768724,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Gumby,eets over noin thowsand
,Recommended,230230,11769484,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,dirtlord420,It's like if you took Diablo 2 and had an orgy with Bauldur's Gate and every best aspect of an RPG game. This is the best game made this decade so far.
76561198005686315,Recommended,230230,11769611,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Donald Dunk,yes
76561198016294250,Recommended,230230,11511022,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Spoonanner,"This game rocks.  You have to play smart, and use everything possible to your advantage.  It is true when they say it is similar to baulders gate!"
,Recommended,230230,11512406,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,illumin,BOSS. That is all.
76561197975425045,Recommended,230230,11250946,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Beautiful Michael Bolton,"Game is so good I'd have sex with it.This is literally a modern reincarnation of Baldur's Gate II.The game is not only great, it's epic. From a sweetass soundtrack, to tactical and challenging combat, onward to neatly written dialogue and character interaction. It's one of those games that sets you on a path and says ""Do what you want.""When the voice acting is around, it shines. Plain and simple, it just hits the right notes without being overdone or underused.Pros/Cons:+Great old-style RPG+Well balanced class-less system+Great writing+Nice humor+Interesting plot+Glorious turn based combat-Coop is kind of required for the full experience in my opinion-Still a tad buggy, but nothing game breaking-Restart might be required if you mess up your characters' stats and skills too much-+Lots to learnSolid 9/10 would have sex with againOLD SKOOL OLD SKOOL OLD SKOOL"
76561197993847051,Recommended,230230,11532851,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Spoony,"I'm going to start with the bad things first, because overall this is going to be a review in favour of the game anyway. Music is an occasionally jarring mix of The Sims and elevator music, some of it's okay, but some of it just seems to have the wrong mood entirely.Ambient town chatter is... gratingly repetitive at times, thankfully some of it's hilarious to listen to no matter how many times you hear it. It's nice that you can talk to everybody, but I think it's totally okay to use 'background NPCs' where if interacted with, they'd just have a hovering speech bubble with canned text rather than actually opening an actual dialogue box, just so you can read a sick man groan in 3 different ways.The 'argue' system where you pit your opinion against a party member's is great, but heaven forbid you try to argue with an eternally schitzophrenic AI party member, who in one gamesave instance will be ""I love puppies! lets adopt them all and find them all forever homes!"" to a reload of the same gamesave where they're foaming at the mouth with ""I'M HUNGRY FOR PUPPY SAUSAGE, PLEASE LOAD MORE PUPPY TO THE GRINDER"". This game might be in need of a working alignment matrix so that certain arguments your party members pose actually MAKE SENSE to their purported attitude (seriously, my airbender windmage guy was all like ""Don't deal with demons! demons are evil and horrible!"" one moment, then ""WE MUST GAIN POWER FOR POWERS SAKE, BECAUSE ETERNAL POWER AND HAVING PEOPLE CRUSHED UNDER MY HEEL IS GOOD"".There's something a little bit broken about being able to move obstacles RIGHT IN FRONT of an enemy mob while invisible or sneaking. Unless explosive barrels, floating around and taking a cordoning formation around a mob camp is a usual occurrence. While not realistic, it's allowed for a less linear mode of gameplay where things don't always have to be solved with the pointy end of a sharp metal stick, but I think to make this game especially brilliant, would be to somehow have the AI and the game itself acknowledge it.Hitboxes need a little fixing, where gaps in the hitbox will turn your finishing-blow attack to ""run a circle around the enemy and have your whole party violated by the ensuing missed opportunity"".I can see that a lot of conveniences and affordances have been made in this game so that you do not need to crawl back the way you came through an entire dungeon to get out of it, or need to spend hours doing inventory management, but if that is one of the developers intentions, then it can be taken a little further - it would be especially helpful if either books or spell/skill-books you've already read and know the recipe/skill/spell for is marked with ""already read/known"" before you pick it up. That way we don't end up with this strange avalanche of books pouring forth from our characters backpacks.Dialogue and quest design lacks a little pizazz at times, which can at times cause the player to lose interest - I find myself more trying to complete a quest just to move forward in the game, rather than actually being interested in the story or the characters or such - I think something more needs to be done in terms of engaging the player; perhaps something that would cause us to be more emotionally invested; an alignment matrix that plays into various characters passions, their pasts and other predispositions would tell us there is way more depth to our characters than just party padding; the backstories are a nice touch, but its totally optional to read them anyway. The aformentioned 'moral schizophrenia' is one of these jarring problems that breaks immersion because the characters seem to be chaotically forming opinions rather than actually sticking to an emotional or rational logic.The good stuff:A game where when met with a mob that's 3-4 levels higher than you, you CAN still win the battle with a little bit of lateral thinking.  While using your piddly level 3 weapons on a level 8 boss is like keying someone's car with a feather, why not use the environment around you? oil spills, noxious (flammable!) gas spouts, a whole road covered in land mines. Not only that, but with a bit of patience (and someone who can go invisible and sneak on your team), you can place and move obstacles so you can funnel enemies into a more preferred formation to make combat more tactically advantageous to you.This is a great game because you don't have to follow the script to the letter, you want to murder everyone in town? go for it! want to make a giant explosion domino snake all through the city? sure! want to steal everything that's not bolted to the floor? you've probably done it already! (it's like isometric skyrim). I've even been able to access areas I'm supposed to get to at the end of a path or dungeon without going via that path or dungeon, because I've learned that some of my character's skills can pull me over what would originally be an impassable wall.The spells and skills included in the game make it truly exciting and interesting to play, where if cleverly employed, a well placed spell or well combined attack could knock out an entire mob in as many as a few turns.Overall, I very much enjoy the depth this game offers, it is quite well rounded, and much effort was put in where it counts the most."
76561197967245932,Recommended,230230,10902882,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Raxxa,"If u liked NVN and BGs series, tis is must buy! maeby best rpg i ever played."
76561198053312259,Recommended,230230,12142270,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Seakull,Excellent turn based adventure ... An awesome mystery type RPG with interesting puzzles
76561198016946231,Recommended,230230,12146205,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Energist,One of the most impressive games I've ever seen.  The quality and amount of content is beyond compare.  Easily game of the year.
76561197990838530,Recommended,230230,12194767,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,unrealcyn,"Fantastic game! Brings back memories of Icewind Dale. The mechanics are solid, the graphics and music are gorgeous, and the story very interesting. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,230230,12198511,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Shepherd,"Very detailed game, great RPG thowback. Reading required."
,Recommended,230230,12205831,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Psyc The Walrus,"Amazing game, packed with content and awesome stuff"
,Recommended,230230,12205941,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,robbbot,"Impressively good throwback to the days of Baldur's gate, could use better multiplayer support out of the box (2 player coop works well though, but there's really no technical reasons to not have it support more players)."
76561197985719335,Recommended,230230,12207548,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,Excellent old school RPG.
76561197972503136,Recommended,230230,11872882,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,whisp777,"In the tradition of Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate and many other top down classics, this game comes through for me.  It has a deep roleplaying system with some decent crafting options.  Great stories and great adventures throughout.  A must buy for the true RPGer."
,Recommended,230230,11876465,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Bazzeh1,Awesome game
,Recommended,230230,11899990,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sitout.AmnesiacGaming,Play wiff me.
76561197968970242,Recommended,230230,11903173,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,gcbronco,"Outstanding turn based rpg, reminds me of the freedom you had in games like Fallout 1 and 2, BG 1 and 2, Planescape Torment, well worth buying."
76561197970855007,Recommended,230230,11914784,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Brewitz,Awesome. Feel like a RPG? Get it... you are not gonna regret anything!
,Recommended,230230,11917048,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fuzzie,What a awesome game. If you liked baulders gate you will love this.
,Recommended,230230,11862992,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rambissimo,For me absolutely Game of the Year!
76561198005948039,Recommended,230230,11865951,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,La Oscuridad,Divinity: Original Sin is like any other in the Divinity series! It has that great old Black Isle Studio feel as in Bauldurs Gate and Icewind Dale series. No more isometric camera and not like its hack-n-slash diablo like feel but a turn base and environment can play a huge role in your ease or difficult with the battles. Great game and recommend this to anyone that loves a turn base and fantastic role play adventure!
76561198043307078,Recommended,230230,11866036,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,TaintJuiceSommelier,"Legimately one of the best games I have played in a long time.Gameplay:- There is a fairly steep learning curve because the tutorial doesn't cover many of the game aspects, but that seems to be a part of the game's charm.  Either figure it out yourself or give in and look up a Youtube video.- The strategy for each battle needs to be taken seriously.  Additionally, most battles are essentially decided within the first couple rounds given positioning and whether or not your first couple crowd control spells knocked down/charmed/muted the enemy.Pros- A lot of customization to your character.- Great looking gear that improves over time.- Strategic interaction between different elements and traps/items on the battlefield.  Fire igntes poison, electricity stuns everyone in a body of water, fire burns, dousing an enemy in water exposes an enemy to freezing or eletricifcation, etc.  Often losing a battle only requires a detailed analysis of the battlefield to see a couple oil barrels.  Wait a turn for the enemy to advance, douse this area with poison boulders and launch a fireball.  It can be really satisfying to lose a battle and then subsequently win without even being hit.- The plot is pretty interesting.  The side characters are developed well.- Teleporting mages to your front line and having Madora carve them up.  That sounds specific, but if you play Divinity you will know what I mean.  It doesn't get old.  Trust me.Cons- Certain spells are absolutely essential (especially on Hard difficulty) and this generally means that many other spells or abilities will never be used.  There does appear to be a strong need for cost balancing on the under utilized spells.  For example, the spell Teleport kicks serious fing buttocks.  However, spells like Earth Shield are terrible and for their cost will likely not be used.  This could be remedied by a large cost reduction and an upgrade to the underutilized abilities.- Some of the puzzles are solved in a manner that doesn't stay true to the puzzle (and seem very arbitrary).- There are some bugs with pathing where your characters will refuse to move, move into bizarre battle positioning immediately before the battle, or simply get stuck.  Fortunately this game encourages constant game saving/loading so when that happens you just reload.Overall Great Game."
,Recommended,230230,11877170,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Loffeno,"I never really got into games like Baldurs Gate but this game is phenominal.  It is extremely polished with a deep narrative and a real feeling of character progression and player choice.  I will definately be playing this all the way through, no matter how long it is (which I have heard it is around 60 hours).   Highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,230230,11889541,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,SaltyCucumber,Yeah pretty good.
76561197960772827,Recommended,230230,11905911,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,GSXswe,"Very good game, mixes old school RPG with the best from the new ones. Played for 6 hours now and it is very fun. :-)  Only draw back is that co-op is only 2 players, should have been 4 players."
,Recommended,230230,11907577,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,bfgmark,"Really loving this game, can't get enough, even sneaking in 5 mins here and there, Brilliant."
,Recommended,230230,11926205,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,SubZane,"From what I remember of Baldurs Gate, this game is so much better in every way. the battle system with all elemental area effects really spice up combat!"
76561197983858947,Recommended,230230,11926655,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DaddyChrisman,Reminds me of the Baldur's Gate games.Epic.That is all.
76561198065721964,Recommended,230230,11929870,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,General_Tso,worth it
76561198047649664,Recommended,230230,11938150,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Craig,"Suberb, deep RPG with a combat system that has made me fall in love with turn based combat.  Plenty of depth, lots of ways to get things done.  Best ""indie"" game I have ever bought. 9/10"
76561198051847913,Recommended,230230,11938779,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ComradeCatFace,I never knew having a Westboro Baptist Church member in my party could be so useful.
76561198052679755,Recommended,230230,11940140,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,erevoklis,"If you like Pen and Paper traditional RPGs or Old Style CRPGs it is a must. An old style game in a modern engine. Wonderful content, companions you can get attached with, and a very powerful story. More than 130 hours quality content... I it has been years I havent played something that addictive"
,Recommended,230230,11940959,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,panzermaster,Really fun co op game.
76561198022266545,Recommended,230230,11943739,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating8.5/10Finally a superb RPG that is the best one I have played since the last Dragon Age was released.  All aspects of the game are tied in nicely together to form a complete experience which gives you the feel of adventure, strategy and story telling all under one roof - which is exactely what an RPG should do.The turn based combat is great and highly addictive as it plays to the strengths of the environment as well as the characters and I found it to be very easy to master whilst remaining challenging in most battles.The only weakness I found is that there is no guiding icon or trail that directs you to certain missions etc, the game leaves it up to you to work it out from clues and dialouge you encounter in game.  This will be a blessing to some and a hinderence to others but if you just work on map completetion as in an MMO then you will evetually find everything including side quests, extra dialouges and funny NPC interactions.In all the flawless gameplay, depth of story and size of maps make this a nice gaming experience but the fact that you can act as your own moral guide and complete missions as you see fit by behaving as a brute, thief or noble citizen to name a few really gives the player an immeressed in game feeling and really brings this game to life."
,Recommended,230230,11948612,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Foxor,"Divinity is great!  I'm always looking for a game I can play with my wife, and this is perfect!Divinity never leads you around by the nose, it lets you figure out your own path through the world.  The combat is deep and interesting, difficult and fair.  The story is interesting, and you feel like every progression is driven by something you did."
,Recommended,230230,11949910,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Ragnar,"Great Story, Great Progression of characters, Loot and Choices to your Character.I would give it a 9/10, very enjoyable and worth the money.The only downside is hard to play if you choose the wrong type of characters."
,Recommended,230230,11952981,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Xsarwulf,Can't stop... playing...
76561198040056609,Recommended,230230,11954188,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,sonomar,"This was a fantastic game. If you decide to play it, and find it incredibly difficult (on Normal mode), remember this: Each part of this game is like being in a room with multiple doors. Most of those doors will lead to certain doom, but a few will move you forward in the game and won't be too difficult. If the game seems too hard, try a different direction or approach. Also, take as many items as you can, everywhere you go, while sneaking. You'll need the money from selling it all. Finally, don't be afraid to break the game a little and do things you think you shouldn't. Most of all, have fun!"
,Recommended,230230,11950992,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Hydro,"Love this game, only issue is that i wish there were MORE spells, and MORE quests. Still big bang for your buck"
,Recommended,230230,11951530,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dh7892,"Great fun for two. Can be a bit slow but, if you like some more tactical (rather than click-fest) games, this it really good."
,Recommended,230230,11952885,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Tophiate,"I have to say Divinity: Original Sin has been BY FAR the best fantasy RPG I have played in years. D: OS took what Temple of Elemental Evil, Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale accomplished and brought it up to date as well as improved upon the formula(s), making a truly original contemporary fantasy RPG of the highest caliber. This is a thinking man's RPG...and not just because it is turn based combat. Situational awareness, tactical knowledge, creature knowledge, problem solving...all comes into play. In our time of mindless grinders and shooters and MMO's being churned out cookie-cutter-theme-park, here today gone tomorrow-style...this game is a light in the darkness. The folks at Larian Studios should be extremely proud of their work and their art. Other developers should wake up, sit up and take notice. That this game was able to be created only reinforces my suspicions that alot of Studios/Developers out there are taking the easy way out and aiming for the plebs instead of the passionate.I give this game a 10/10 and I recommend it to anyone with a pulse.Thank you Larian Studios!"
76561198096873793,Recommended,230230,11952940,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,mxmus1983,"I fully recommend this game to anyone who wants to experience what rpg's are meant to be like.I haven't played a game this captivating since Final Fantasy 7.This game is very different than FF7 but the love I feel for this game is very similar to FF7.It took a while to get use to playing tactics style again, but now it feels like home. I love how the game doesn't hold my hand, it's so non-linear that I find myself running back and forth a bunch of times, just trying to find out where I needed to be.Another thing I really like about this game, is the lack of readily available items. You really learn to appreciate the lower amounts of items you have. If I go to a vendor, they may or may not have ressurect scrolls. If they do have scrolls they may only have 3 or 4, and when you buy those out they do not get replaced. Vendors also have a limited amount of coin, so selling to them is a pick and choose kind of thing.All these pros, have to be followed by cons, unfortunately....The only thing I can really say that drives me insane is the fact that co-op is poorly designed, for a game that has apparently taken time to make sure they did everything else right, they seem to have come up short in the co-op.The fact that my buddies can't jump into my game with one of their characters is stupid. They have no choice but to play as one of my characters. Leveling is then left in their hands, or you have to take back control so that you can level them.This game would get a perfect 10 out of 10 from me if it weren't for this issue.Make it so I can take one of characters into another game, or a friend bring theirs into mine and this game gets 10 out of 10.All that aside, definitely a game everyone should try on for size. I've lost many hours of my gaming life playing this game so far.Cheers"
,Recommended,230230,11888604,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Nilbot,Deep. Fun. Classic. RPG will never die.
,Recommended,230230,11892942,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,gullevek,"One of the best games in recent time for me. I highly enjoyed this game. It is not flawless, but it is pretty much perfect.I highly enjoyed the combat system where you can and have to use the enviroment, combine skills, etc. This is real fun and never got boring. The puzzels were all solvable, only one where I almost gave up.There are only a view things where I thought it is not perfect. One is crafting, because you actually never really need it. You find enough potions of all kind. And I almost never used them, not even healing once I got the basic heal spells for one of my mages. A bit sad. The only one I really used was nails + boot so I stopped slipping on ice and ore to bars to loos weight.The other minor problem is money, you just find so much that you never ever run out of money, you can buy all the books, secrets and what not else and still have enough money. It feels a bit unbalanced.But those are just minor things, if you enjoy CRPG games, this is best one you can get."
,Recommended,230230,11894519,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Phoenix [B²],"Just...an amazing game. If you loved Baldurs Gate, or that sort of RPG.. you have to play this. I bought it after I pirated it, it was so good."
76561197971732622,Recommended,230230,11910626,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Paradigm,"Random carpet bombing on friend and foe alike from fire and poison. Intentional or unintentional, laughs all around."
,Recommended,230230,11914043,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TheBagdad,"One of the best RPG I've played in years.-Great turn based combat system.-Great uses of the elements.-Away from most medieval RPG clichés.-Great visuals, isometric view make it stand out of modern 3D RPGs.-Reminds me a lot of Ultima 7."
