user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230410,30033446,Posted: 19 February,all,Lucy,"Good Game, archwing was a mistake"
,Recommended,230410,30194518,Posted: 26 February,all,PotatoGamer100,"I've been playing Warframe since 2013, and still do today.A bad thing about Warframe -> people are lacking creativity. Most of the players seem to play like blind people, since almost every player is focused on ONE thing... Leveling up, and when they've reached the current max lvl they complain about a lack of content and nothing more to do...Warframe is a game of customization, filled with opportunities to make every player fit in. Every weapon, Warframe, Archwing etc. can be good. People often seem to think that the prime/stalker weapons are the only thing to use, and that the ""how to mod: ____"" videos on YouTube is the only well working option to make a weapon good. But that is in most cases a big mistake from the players. Sure a starting mk.1 weapon is not as good as the prime one, and of cause there is nothing bad about getting modding inspiration from videos. The thing is, if you put enough effort into a Weapon/Warframe/Archwing/Companion, then that might just work just as good. Why try to make the Ignis good, if you don't like the way it's shooting, why not go for an old school Burston if that's what you prefer?A lot of people seem to only focus on those things: ranking up and getting good loadouts. It's like people seem to forget what the game is trying to offer you. Try to do something different if you don't like the game. Join a clan, do some Archwing races, finish the quests, challenge yourself like how long can you defend the objective and even better, how long can your squard which you currently are chatting with, having a good time, laughing together about how stupid and yet addorable Clem is, defend the objective!Don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and join a clan because they've got full research and no taxes. When you join a clan, think of it as you join a community, sure some clans are only out there because of the remaining items they need to reach max lvl.Do yourself a favour and look for a clan with a great working community, it doesent have to be a big clan, it can be even more exiting to help a clan grow from the bottom, reqruit players, and experience how a community can be made from a single free to play game.And don't come and say the game is pay to win, because it's not... As they added trading in Warframe, every player is able to get as much platinum as they want. The only thing they can't get without paying is the steam workshop items, and the prime access accessories.... But those are all cosmetics... So let's just forget about the whole P2W thing people are complaining about."
,Recommended,230410,30032492,Posted: 19 February,all,Count Daftula,"Do you like doing the same thing over and over again?Yes?Then Warframe is for you!Warframe is a very rare free to play game in which you can actually play the game without paying a penny.However, it is incredibly grindy and slow at times.It's a great timewaster, and it's fun to team up with a clan and trade on the trade chat.The community is still alive and active.Despite the grindy nature of the game, it's still a lot of fun, and for a free to play, it's worth playing."
,Not Recommended,230410,29692713,Posted: 4 February,all,Master Derpy,"""Welcome to the grind,"" we tell the newbies who cry foul at the awful amount of effort it takes to acquire anything.I last wrote my review 7 Mastery Ranks ago. I am now MR8, well on my way to veterancy among the community. I gave it a glowing review. A few strangers helped me out in the early game. The combat is fast and visceral. The movement is clean and natural. At the time I had no complaints.At the time, I gave it a thumbs up and a ""You can't go wrong.""Over the last four months of on and off play I can finally take off the rose-tinted goggles and see the game clearly. What I see is not as perfect, not as shiny and new, not as well thought out as I had thought at first glance.Elegant System, Self-SabotageThe progression takes center stage as the driving force for the player. Some, perhaps most, of the systems in place for progressing are elegant in many regards. It suffers from a slowly growing number of currencies, but otherwise, from the midgame onward, getting new items comes fairly regularly. The farming system for Prime items is actually rather clever, encouraging open co-op and rewarding organized farming attempts.Ultimately, the whole thing is not too bad even if getting basic frames is an insipid, unecessarily difficult affair.Why, then, has DE gone out of their way to sabotage their own system? Between Prime weapon/frame parts getting randomly yanked into an unreachable ""vault"", and the prominence of ""common Primes"" (Primes considered much easier to gain than others), the economy becomes wildly inflated.DE's got you covered though. For more than the price of a full game you can gain a few vaulted Prime weapons and a Prime Frame. From their perspective, your money is more valuable to them than it is to you.Players now trade those vaulted parts at high prices. Players who only gathered some of the parts and are left with incomplete sets are forced to either keep useless parts, sell them for platinum, or buy the rest of the parts from others (which is a bit difficult since many people collect and sell only full sets).The clever system of Prime part acquisition is rendered less effective (moot in some cases).In fact, many systems in the game seem intentionally counter-intuitive and damn near outright hostile to new players. Others are only technically functional, being poorly thought out and even less well implemented (Dojo construction).Ultimately, DE seems to only patch these problems, when they address them at all. It ends up being up to old veterans to try and care for and educate newbies. Though this, on paper, creates a sense of community, in reality new players will leave even if they receive help for the sheer amount of information that must be absorbed.If THAT doesn't turn them off, taking 4 days to make a Warframe IF you have all the prerequisite blueprints and materials (another week or two of straight grinding in some cases) will. Not to mention the Mastery Rank system locking out many items in the game. Not to mention some items only being grindable at the LATEST of planets, or requiring access to multiple planets.Yeah. Yes, indeed. Hope you got the money to drop on Platinum if you want to avoid that slog.The Community is StellarWith the game being almost entirely cooperative, there IS a strong community of players, many of whom will go out of their way to help others. Ask for help or knowledge and you're nearly guaranteed to get it. When I first started I was asking where to farm for the mandatory Power mods like Flow and Continuity.A player at MR20 said ""You don't,"" invited me to trade, and gave me all four that I was looking for, and then started listing off mods to see if I had them so he could give them to me. For nothing! Amazing. I've heard a staggering amount of stories of players helping players.It is online, it is public, and so there is always SOME trolling and toxicity. To say its absent would be a lie, but poor sportsmanship is a rarity for this game.The GameplayYou can hit things with an exploding sword, causing them to fly across the map at comical velocities. You can wade through a crowd with a machine gun, ripping foes in half and blowing off limbs. You can cover 100m in seconds with almost no effort. Whip out a glowing energy blade as Excaliber. Ignite enemies by walking by them as Ember.Summon the freakin' Kraken as Hydroid.Though progression is a miserable time, and much of the game is shrouded in overt complexity, its raw gameplay is top-notch. Gratification is abound in a game where your starting weapons can turn bodies to mush.Challenge, however, scales unevenly. Sometimes you'll expect a hellish fight but end a boss solo without hardly a twitch of the trigger. Sometimes you'll fight the same enemy twenty times wondering where you've gone wrong, how something could possibly be this difficult.In general you'll want to join a clan to ease the pain of the more absurd missions. Luckily, there are clans abound. My own clan is AEDC, by the way. Research at max. Always looking for new members.The EndWhat makes this game fun, the community, the impressive combat, the aesthetics and unique setting, cannot carry it.It is hostile to new players in all the wrong ways and demands a grind like few games demand. The economy is exploitable, and despite being a ""free"" game, Platinum can do everything. You can buy weapons, rush construction times, acquire Primes from other players, and basically solve (i.e. cut corners) every problem the game has with Platinum. In fact, you can't even keep a decent amount of weapons at the same time without spending platinum to boost storage space.And there's no way around that.Why play the game when you can pay the devs instead? Why suffer the torture of crap RNG rolls if you can ""earn"" your imaginary weapons with a little scratch. To sell this game as having a fair business model, where everything can be earned, is only technically true.I've got another 16-ish Master Ranks to go. Its too late for me.But you can save yourself."
,Recommended,230410,29778873,Posted: 8 February,all,lazyPerfectionist,"I wanna get a few things off my chest in this review of Warframe, as someone who has been playing for over 550 hours, for those who are new to the game so they don't goof up as much as I did. First off, the game WILL take up space on your computer, so this isn't for the weak ones that crash easily either, and will also take up a portion of your time if you decide to play this.Second: this game is not something you can play for 8+ hours straight a day. Unless you have a clear objective of what it is you're gonna do when playing, be it alert missions that crop up with your desired rewards, missions, farming resources and prime items, etc. then you WILL get bored easily. I say this because of the hours I've wasted in indecision of what it is I wanted to do, and its just easier when you plan out what you want to work on.Third: Be prepared to grind the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the missions when collecting resources or trying to rank up. You will not get far simply blitzing through each mission, and searching areas for much needed loot will help you later. Do not listen to those complaining about not getting enough loot when they go grinding, they make the mistake of speedrunning instead of being meticulous. That said, this leads me to my next point.Fourth: this IS a genuine F2P, and although real currency CAN (not WILL) be used, it is not necessary to advance at all. Using platinum (this is the currency you do exchange your real money into) is completely optional, and there are multiple tips I'll give on the use of it for newcomers:1. Spending platinum is optional2. don't use it on frivolous things like credits (the game's other currency that you can earn in any mission) or resources as it is NOT WORTH IT IN VALUE3. save it for big purchases like colours, hard-to-obtain warframes or accessories. Trust me, you'll want to be stingy4. There are ways of gaining plat WITHOUT spending real money, but it does involve grinding specific items and finding willing trading partners. These items are called 'Prime' items, and hold onto as many as possible - you do not want to be selling them for credits even if you cannot use them. Trade them as 'prime junk' with other items to gain platinum, just be patient when looking for partners.Finally, Each warframe has a set of abilities connected to them that you can use. buttons 1-4 on your keyboard activate them during missions. It took me ages to realise they were even there, so I figured its best to tell you upfront to avoid my ignorance happening to you.Its entirely up to you on how you play this, and yes there will be tech issues as addressed by other players, but otherwise its a fun way to spend a few hours of your day as well as be a paradise for hoarding and collecting. Or hell for the recovering ones, anyway. In short, good luck grinding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
76561198021213351,Not Recommended,230410,29832997,Posted: 10 February,all,Abezeth,"The most fitting way to describe Warframe to me is 'wasted potential'. It's tragic that this review is negative, since I don't dislike the majority of the game itself. The lore is quite interesting, the weapons are unique and varied, and the system with which you upgrade them leaves for a lot of tinkering and whatnot to fit your playstyle. The game itself isn't anything revolutionary, but you play as a robot ninja, and it usually feels as awesome as it sounds. This game has a lot going for it, so why would I condemn it with ""No, I would not recommend""?The heart of this game's progression is equal parts grindy tedium and RNG. You can circumvent this with in-game currency that you obtain with grindy tedium and RNG. Alternatively, real money. That said, you're doing yourself a disservice if you pay real money to skip the annoying grind, because the annoying grind is basically the whole game. It's grinding for things so you can grind for more things. Even if you somehow stick with it until you have everything you could ever want, the end-game content is, for the most part, exceptionally disappointing.All in all, if you don't mind relying on repetitive slog and RNG for the vast majority of your progression, you will certainly enjoy this game more than most. Its own community is usually complaining about the design choices throughout, after all. On the other hand, if you were to spend thousands of dollars on this game, you'd be done and sick of it within a week or two. As for me, this game gets an unfortunate thumbs down.As a side note, the devs for this game have been compared to the likes of Ubisoft for several instances of moneygrubbing scumbaggery that really shouldn't be present in any sort of self-respecting company, but that's a seperate issue."
,Recommended,230410,29493193,Posted: 25 January,all,Draco the Faggot Dragon,"Amazing game in my perspective. Not like most other FTP games. There's no paywalls, and almost everything in the game can be earned without paying real $. Hell, you can even get premium currency without paying for it. Just trade with other players! AND there are discounts for the premium currency purchases, up to 75% off. Along with dev-streams which give away the premium currency.The game starts out slow for the first week, due to some timewalls, but nonetheless, it gets very fun after that week (if you work at getting new stuff and doing missions).And not to mention the updates, the developers are constantly adding new things into the game, all for free. You'll be surprised if you check them out. But be mindfull, the game is a LITTLE buggy at times. But they are never usually game breaking. And if a game breaking problem occurs, the devs will release a hotfix within a day.Overall, amazing game."
,Not Recommended,230410,30223400,Posted: 27 February,all,Рumpkin Queen Waiuzuh 💕,"If I were to describe this game in one word, it would be: Repetitive.Devs for some reason decided a while ago to start removing anything that was ""fun"" and not grindy, so no I can't recommend this game to anyone.There are a ton of max lvl players, or lvl 18+ who sit around doing nothing no matter what, and the chat made for playing with other people always hosts negative, or players who have no interest in new players no matter what.If you love grinding, no, don't get this game, because unless you're interested in using ""tricks"" or ""bugs"" to solo any of the endless modes, you won't be doing anything past quick endless missions, and that's the same as wasting a so called ""key"" for the higher maps, though you can also play the normal maps, for no real loot besides ""resources"" that you'll be using for crafting weapons and such.There are of course ""other"" things to do, like spend hours upon hours of grinding for rare items to sell for premium currency so you can join the ""fashionframe"", spending all your money on cosmetics so you can look cool like everyone else.Is there anything redeeming? Not anymore no, anything that has been added has been kicked down into the dirt due to ""DE"", also known as the devs of this game for some reason thinking it was either overpowered, too easy or a third reason which makes even less sense.AFK Farming? Impliment a broken AFK timer that completely nullifies any and all regen on your character until you press your dodge key.A certain build requires very specific ""attributes"" to work but it makes you invincible and isn't fun to use all the time? Don't worry, DE's got you covered, completely change the character's abilities and attribute bonuses, that'll make everyone happy, right?An ability can be upgraded to pull mob drops to you but still makes you build in a very specific way? Make the upgrade only affect the user, surely that'l lbe a good change, no one will dislike it!I'm making it sound like it only affected characters, but even the weapons in the game suffer, and they suffer way too hard than you can possibly think, some weapons are just so insanely overpowered, some for a while, some have kept their spot for years, only beaten by newer versions of that weapon, and with this, some weapons are instantly thrown out of the window when some weapons hit the community, even with upgraded versions of the weapon the old ones are most likely thrown out on the spot.Sure you can use any weapon you like, no one has the right to tell you to not use something just because another weapon is better, but if you aren't doing the damage you need to, and you want to play a tiny bit serious, you'll have to follow everyone else using the strong weapons and say goodbye to your ""cool"" or less popular weapons, no exceptions.The list goes on, to things that make even less sense, and even things that didn't make anything ""easy"" or ""stupid"" were changed because of DE's stupidity.It's surprising this game isn't dead already, if you were here from the start, and still play, I feel very sorry for you.Edit: I forgot to mention another big thing that completely ruined the game when I was talking about builds, multiple characters, or ""frames / warframes"" have been -completely- changed in how stats affect their abilities, meaning if you had a build from long ago that needed one set of mods, there's a big chance all those hours and items spent on getting the perfect ""build"" together will be completely wasted and you'll more or less have to do it all over. Never any compensation or at least a warning, I'm over 100% sure I'm not the only one that had to re-forma a few frames or discard it completely because of it. Sure, some playstyles or builds will always be good at one point and ""fall off"" or become much less effective at some point, but this was almost completely opposite of what you normally would use on certain characters before. Then there's the problem with mod points, either pay 20 ""premium currency"" for double mod points to upgrade your character with or save it for the prime version of the warframe, which will come, but might first come far in the future, leaving people with less time and money hanging around with characters unsuited for missions behind because they're saving that upgrade for the prime version. (Who by the way will always have some type of upgrade, either better or easier ways of modding correctly or having better survivability."
,Recommended,230410,29725602,Posted: 5 February,all,Admiral Shitstain Cockmoore,"What can I say about Waifufarm... well, it's great if you like jumping around like a chimp on cocaine through the same 5 maps the game uses for every mission and grabbing every shiny object you can find. And when you're not grinding up and down the solar system, you're either waiting for the next thing to grind for, or showing off your fashion prowess. Originally having no story behind it at all, they began putting out questlines and lore, the plotting of which only makes sense if you don't think about it. The game is 90% farming and grinding and the other 10% is waiting even more time to build the things you already spent hours on trying to grind for, any speedy progression requires you to tap into the plague on this game that is microtransactions. On the bright side it is a decent game to kill some time on with your friends, and the whole game itself is worth the price it is offered at.All in all 10/10 would grind again. xddddddddd"
,Recommended,230410,30249805,Posted: 28 February,all,Hutse,Shooting.Jumping.OP abilites.Yup... that's about it... yet I love it.
,Recommended,230410,30092488,Posted: 21 February,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"Sigh. I'm no sure why I'm doing this. I usually have an urge to write a short review on this game every few hundred hours I spend in it but usually give up because I get angry at words...Well my inadequacy to accurately portray what I feel about this game.Seeing that steam shows how many hours I logged on in this game I'm err no stranger to it I suppose. I've been playing this game on and off since around update 7. I started literally on the cusp of closed beta, the week it went into open beta, and ♥♥♥♥ me for not logging on that weekend and getting my vandal items (this sort of behavior ends up problematic as you will undoubtedly understand as you read on).There isn't really a neutral button for this game. I can't in my right ♥♥♥♥ing mind recommend this to general public, but obviously there is something to it otherwise I wouldn't have logged few thousand hours into it (its more than what steam says, game had its own thing before steam). Anyway for new players. If you are going in and you aren't very social, you will either get really frustrated with this game, or you will spend more money on it than you could probably find sensible. I've spent a great deal of money on this game, to support it because I felt it was worth it, and I sure as hell got my money's worth, I also get a shiny Excalibur variant people can't get anymore.... That being said, this game is NOT new player friendly. No it isn't eve online level of harsh, but unless you have people helping you a great deal at the start you are going to have a very bad time, unless you absolutely love grinding until your eyeballs bleed out. For majority of established playerbase when new content comes out, it isn't too overwhelming to get it by free means. Even if it is grinding intensive if you stockpiled on something you can sell or trade you can usually acquire it without much fuss. If you are in there with nothing and plan on getting somewhere solo, you are in for a bad day.Deep breath. Game is complex. You 'can' haphazardly hop in shoot and mod stuff on a whim, but when it comes to the harder content you will end up annoying those who might need you to contribute, or you simply won't be doing the very end content at all. Now even the hardest content in the game is relatively easy, but only when you understand the game mechanics and apply the knowledge accordingly. You might as well bookmark the wiki and have it up on all times fo reference. You will need it, be it too look up damage values, resistances, builds, or find out what drops where. Now here I'm talking high end content. If you are new you have one HELL of a ladder to climb to do it, and most of it will be dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥like leveling mods, getting mods, getting mastery rank to be able to equip weapons, and so forth. Usually really tedious crap.As a newcommer you have three options. If you plan to trek it solo you can either grind your eyeballs out, and do minimal amount with other people for when you have to (some sorties like interception or so), you can dive in the community and hope to find folks who can help you (plenty of them btw, don't be discouraged), or if you have a friend with an established account have them bring you up to speed. When you have someone to help you, it will save you months of work. I'm not kidding. I gave my friends maxed mods like Serration or Redirection, which to a new player is a damn tall order to have. As well supplied them with spare nightmare/corrupted mods which can take time. Or give them some spare prime set of a warframe I have stocked etc. In short having a friend who is willing to help you bring you up to speed will help with the biggest shortcoming this game has. The eye gouging tedious grind. It's always gonna be there, but thankfully the core game is fun. Shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥is awesome, melee mechanics are satisfying as all hell, and when you get your hands on top tier gun (like say Tigris Prime) you will laugh maniacly as you chunk lv 100 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s by the hundreds and thousands.So far I said very little on the actual game itself. In short it is simple. It's mission based co-op game. Each mission is usually randomly generated level with pre-set tiles (like diablo esque games are). With exception of defense type missions, where map is always gonna end up the same with several variants. You either play solo or with up to 4 people(Raid missions are up to 8 people, and are generally pretty fun to play). Enemies are usually plenty, either endlessly spawning, on a timer or numbered. You have one primary weapon,one secondary and melee. Each warframe gets four unique active abilities, and its own stats, bonuses etc. Here you go.It's simple, controls are tight and responsive, guns feel amazing, melee feels amazing, sense of power you can get is overwhelming at times, but you will work to get it. Everything will take time in this game. Learn to try to do multiple things at the same time. If you are farming for something, try to level something at the same time, and so forth.This is a free to play title. So question is, is the 'free' part fair. Err yes, and no. For a new player I'd say you have months of work ahead if you wanna be up to speed, or at least on the current edge of things. For current players, absolutely. While DE does do unreasonable crap from time to time, they usually get it right and I don't have *too* many complaints. There are 'timed' exclusive content this game has. Bunch of it usually repeats (eventually), but time windows for some things tend to be tight. So say there is an event at one weekend, and you are too busy geting wasted in Vegas, your options are either trade for the item (and the warframe trading is no simple thing, economy exists in this game like many others like it), or you can hope the item gets reintroduced in the game at a later point. In very rare cases it doesn't (like Excalibur Prime).In my case the game caused some compulsive hoarding behavior. New prime frame? I need to have it, because at some point it's gonna be taken out of circulation. New prime weapon? Oh snap it's amazing, I need it? New Stance? New Mods? Next thing I know I'm putting cosmetics on my warframes and playing fashionframe. Every few months I have to stop playing and hold off for a year or so since I feel it might be detrimental to my mental health.IF you do end up spending money on it. Try to wait for a coupon that you get with daily login rewards. They can go up to 75% (but those are rare). I don't know what steam packages have but I recommend buying PURE platinum from their store. There are very few things platinum can't get you in this game. Anyway with this platinum DO NOT buy♥♥♥♥♥♥from the ingame store. Unless it's cosmetics, potatoes or slots. If you need a warframe, or a mod, or whatever, look to trade for it. If you have platinum everyone and their mother will message you for the trade. You can get any prime weapon and frame with platinum (well save for Excalibur Prime and few things that came with that). Some will be very pricey because they have been out of circulation for a long time, but you will find savvy trading with platinum will get you FAR. Another advice, trading to get platinum is also recommended. When you are in position to stockpile stuff (like prime parts or mods), You can trade for platinum and use that platinum to trade for what you want. It ends up being it's own little game within a game.Anyway, game is free. Check out the gameplay and see if you like it. There is no harm trying it. On the technical end of things, game is sharp and well made. It's fast, responsive and empowering. On mental health side of things, it might be problematic. I come back after a year and the game gives me a sentinel mod for my first Riven mod. Such a nice middle finger welcome back present. I love, it, I hate it, I lose my mind to it."
76561198050679928,Not Recommended,230410,30122121,Posted: 23 February,all,Dash English,"This is basically a grind/waiting simulator and has been for over 4 years.I first played this game when it came out some time ago and back then it felt like a genuine game. The combat was fun, gruesome, and all-around it felt like there was a huge variety of things to do in the world itself. You could sit down for an entire day and just play the game and unlock all the systems, do some quests, and maybe during that time you found some warframe parts you could make and everything was awesome. At first it did seem really grind-y and that was really the only part that threw me off plus the fact I had to wait 4 days for a new warframe, but that was mostly it. I stopped playing for a while, played it senior year of highschool, and when I came back I did't even recognize the game I had once loved.The new system for doing side-quests to unlock planets/systems was a horrid idea and never should have seen the light of day. All 100+ hours I had put in before became meaningless and I had to start from scratch to get anywhere further in the game. But no, I couldn't do that, because somehow every weapon, Warframe, and Mod I had had been reset. Said ♥♥♥♥ this, I'm making a new account. Probably the worst decision I had made. The new grind for everything was SO ATROCIOUSLY BORING I couldn't play the game for more than 1 hr at a time. I kept logging on every day to get my daily reward, grind some more, build some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon, level it up, log off, and do the same thing over and over again for over a month. The bosses don't even feel unique or satisfying to battle anymore. Theyre just another enemy you need to kill to POSSIBLY get a part that you need for something but then you gotta fighr them 12+ more times just to get the same part 6 more times over. The RNG in it is so infuriating I couldn't help but buy platinum just so I could play the game the way I wanted to play it.And to make matters worse, all the new content is just terrible. Nothing feels unique anymore, nothing feels special or really satisfying to use, it's just all numbers ona screen that let you know how much faster you can farm. Even getting all the new content is nigh impossible because you need to do 1,000,000 things before it to even think about getting any of it becuase the new pre-requisites for getting anything in this game is just complete utter BS. For anyone new looking to get the cool new weapon that they really want to see in action, nope, sorry, play 400+ hours and you'll maybe get it.As you can see, I've played over 300 hours in this game and have nothing much to show for it and honestly, I wish I could buy my time back that I wasted on this game.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME PLAYING THIS GAME.Go do something, literally anyting else. Go even play ARK Survival Evolved or run around for 7 hours in DayZ. The communitty for this game is dying and everyone knows it.TLDR; This game is hard for beginners, is really grindy, and takes lots of time and effort to really get anywhere in the game itself. Also the pre-requisite system is BSBut at least the female warframes in this game have a nice♥♥♥♥"
76561197996558685,Recommended,230410,29777906,Posted: 8 February,all,ThePHiLsTeR (∩｀-´)⊃━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ,"I have almost 3k hours in this game at the time of writing this. I have done just about everything from collecting end-game items to raids to collecting cosmetics to becoming rich with in-game currency. So here is a pretty comprehensive review:GraphicsThis game was created in 2013, yet still holds up really well in 2017. There are many different tile sets such as deserts, icelands, futuristic buildings, ruins, and a moon-like planet. The warframes each come with several abilities. Many look awesome and baddass. For e.g. when activating Volt's speed ability alot of electricity eminates from his body. Banshee's quake creates a massive dust/energy cloud around her. The nidus warframe can create an area of infested vegetation and fill the screen with various colors sometimes luminescent.ControlsHonestly, this game is top-notch in the controls department. Not many games will compare. You'll be zipping around in your warframe and have complete control over it. How efficiently one moves from point A to point B really depends on player skill. There's a parkour system. There's bullet jumping which allows you to jump several stories up or in any direction. You can wall-latch, double jump, roll, and kick in midair. The parkour physics can be used to maximize travel speed. If you end up missing jumps, or falling off the map, you have only yourself to blame.SoundThis game has a coolness factor. In some of the quest cut scenes, the music goes well with some of the epic lore. The gameplay music, weapon and ability sounds are good and nothing to complain about.GameplayThis game isn't highly skill based. Although you'll still need to be able to aim to kill enemies. Also headshots do more damage. For the most part the game is about collecting items and powering up warframes and weapons. The game offers a ton of variety. There are many warframes and each warframe comes with four unique abilities. Each warframe has their uses except for a couple that are arguably underwhelming. However, that still leaves many to choose from, and I recommend collecting them all. There are hundreds of weapons to choose from. Each weapon comes with a set of unique strengths and weaknesses. There are accurate automatic rifles, automatic shotguns, double barrel shotguns, sniper rifles, laser weapons, flamethrowers, grenade launchers, throwing knives, and bows. There are also many strange weapons that are hard to explain. For example, there's a javelin you throw that explodes, a weapon you shoot twice in order for its energy orbs to explode, a laser weapon that shoots cubes made of lasers, and a pistol made of infested bio material that changes shape when you land critical hits. There are large and small swords, double swords, sword and shield combos, staves, daggers, whips, axes, hammers, and more.There are several mission types: assassination, capture, defense, exterminate, interception, mobile defense, rescue, raid, sabotage, spy, and survival. Without giving long explanations, sometimes you'll have to defend a position. Other times you'll have to infiltrate a base to hack for information or destroy a high priority target. The raids are special missions and are pretty detailed requiring a coordination of button presses, hacks, and bomb deliveries. A raid needs 4 to 8 players to start. The players really need to know what to do in order to succeed. If not, raids can be pretty painful and can result in mission failure or long completion times. The raids should take less than 20 minutes, but for the inexperienced, raids can take 40 minutes to 1 hour. Ouch.LootAs said earlier, there are many warframes, their prime variants, and hundreds of weapons to collect. Each of which isn’t actually powerful until they are properly modded out. These mods are like cards you collect and installed onto warframes and weapons. Builds in this game are formed by a specific combo of these mods of your choosing and there are hundreds if not thousands+ mods. There are also arcanes gotten as rewards from raids. These give additional boosts such as health regen per second, heightened critical hit chance, increased fire rate, additional revives and more.In order to build warframes and weapons, you’ll need credits and various resources which require farming. Many warframes and weapons have prime variants (superior versions) and are farmed via the relic/fissure system. First you need to farm relics and which relics you get are based on RNG. You then use these relics in fissure missions. Each relic has a unique reward table, so the chance of you getting the item you want is again based on RNG. You can heighten your chances of getting the item you want using traces and traces need to be farmed. The good news is when joining pub fissures, you may get lucky if a party member receives the reward you want. You can then choose their reward instead of yours.The grind in this game is probably the biggest complaint among players. Mostly what you’ll be doing is farming for the next best thing. However, there are strategies for more efficient farming that can cut a serious amount of time and effort.ContentThis game is only going to get bigger and bigger. This game receives continuous updates adding new warframes and weapons, new quests, and new mods. There is so much to do in this game, that in 300 hours a player still has experienced only a small portion of the game.For New PlayersThis game does not hold your hand. Having an experienced friend who can help you is HIGHLY recommended. I’ve asked thousands of questions playing through this game. I had to find answers from friends, random players, warframe wiki, forums, and google. As said earlier, building warframes and weapons requires credits and resources. You’ll need to unlock all the planets and junctions. With your unmodded and underpowered warframe and weapon, this is a daunting and time consuming task. A friend will ease this initial hoop.Free To Play AspectsThe big question: Is this truly free to play? The simple answer is yes. All items can be farmed or traded for. The in-game currency is called platinum which you will no doubt need. There are only two ways of getting platinum: trading and buying with real money. I personally have not spent any real money but I’m not going to lie because I was tempted to especially in the beginning. Platinum can be used to buy time cutting resource, affinity, and credit boosters. Platinum is needed to buy warframe and weapon slots. Warframes take 3 days to build and weapons take 24 hours. Platinum can be used to rush building. Platinum can be used to skip farming and directly buy warframes and weapons off the market. As you can see there is incentive to buy platinum with real money especially in the beginning, but you don’t need to. You can farm items and trade for platinum which of course is more time consuming. From another perspective, farming and trading for platinum can be fun.I give this game a 9.5/10. Half a point taken off for certain items (not all) requiring an absurd amount of grinding for."
,Recommended,230410,29915744,Posted: 13 February,all,Sakura Kinomoto,"Отличная игра! Кооператив 10/10|паркур 10/10. А главная особенность то что она Бесплатная.Расскажу историю:""недавно я искал что-то новое поиграть и вдруг наткнулся на такую игру под названием ""Warframe"" я подумал что какая то фигня но мои предположения окозались неверными. когда я ее включил я ничего не понимал, а потом научился играть по началу я играл с ботами тоесть миссий соло ну или с другом, потом я обнаружил в этой игре ПВП, я очень обажаю ПВП и 3 игры подряд я выигрывал. вначале истребление потом командный бой и это всё продолжалось вообщем за 3 дня я наиграл 15 часов! Рекомендую сыграть интересная игра:)"
,Recommended,230410,29681243,Posted: 3 February,all,thernking,"Very late edit, but anyway they won the lawsuit, suck it matt hosshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m40bWgWH8Roinstead of a review, have an h3h3 video instead, they really need help"
76561198133727747,Recommended,230410,30061060,Posted: 20 February,all,plane.png,10/10 game
76561198104931588,Recommended,230410,30251093,Posted: 28 February,all,spooky homosexual,fun would recommend10/10
76561198229811664,Recommended,230410,30169397,Posted: 25 February,all,Amprodite,nice game ever
76561198339579806,Recommended,230410,30070906,Posted: 20 February,all,MALACHITE THE OCEAN BEAST,An amazing game i love how you can have multiple characters and you can go vs other people in anillationand it looks so cool and you can biuld your own dojo.My fav warframe are Nidus and Chroma :)
,Not Recommended,230410,29445334,Posted: 23 January,all,杀死东西方,I cannot begin to describe how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has become
,Not Recommended,230410,29815108,Posted: 9 February,all,Mirror,"Well.......to start off, Warframe is a game with a lot of potential, even though I'm not recommending this game......for now at least, why do you ask? Well, to start off, a few years back, DE was quite known for hearing out the community and offering good support to their players, offering us interesting quests, frames, a very pleaseant player base abd other features, however, around 2016, things has started to.....change, to start off, the new relic system......while it allows us to tip the odds a tiny bit to our favor, I didn't quite agree with it being an effective solution to reduce the grinding, being pretty much the key system with pretty much increased grinding due to the void fissure farming, not only that, but the feature to only get rewards if you bring a relic is in theory a good idea, it starts to make it harder to find a good party to play casually, back with keys, you could choose between a keyshare or just a relaxing void run with randoms who needed help, the prime part just being a bonus, now? It's almost Impossible for me to go on a multiplayer Void run without being pestered to bring a certain relic with the current meta weapon, what was that? Play with friends? Oh, I would love to.........if they hadn't stopped playing for the exact reason that troubles me now, clan mates? Not an option either, the veterans all quit after these last few updates. In theory, this system would also makes things cheaper, right? I mean, prime parts would sell for cheaper between players, and everything would be merry forever and ever right...? Well, sadly not so much, ever since the relic system was impanted, the prices for the prime weapons sure decreased, but for some reason many greedy players seem to have taken some interest in the market and overpricing things, in an effort to ensnare a helpless newby who just started......that and since the increased power creep, it is quite hard to sell or find an item for a reasonable price, earning platinum for that shiny new Valkyr Prime...? Well, good luck with either the farming with void fissures & relics, or earning the 160 - 200 platinum you need for it....that is, if someone doesn't charge you way more than that, speaking of newer prime frames, its resource requirements compared to the older frames simply don't stand, while back then the worst we could face was, for instance, getting 600 of a somewhat rare lightweight material (oxium) and 2000 of those resources that comes in clusters (e.g.: Polymer bundles), now? well, I hope you are ready to farm the 20 nitain (a resource only found on alerts, which are some sort of ""event"" missions, which usually are tedious and only come 1 each!), over 6000 of oxium, and more for a frame called Vauban Prime. Want that shiny Valkyr Prime to have a better looking Valkyr or a slightly more powerful version? Well, while not as absurd as the previously mentioned Vauban prime, I hope you are ready to spend some hours farming polymer bundles without buying (or dropping if you're lucky) a resource booster (you need 15000 to build one, and usually each run without the mentioned annoying players, nets you around 3000 bundles per run........in a survival mission where you most likely will spend 20 or more minutes at least before leaving). Sure, some players complained to DE about the absurd farming or resource cost (Hema research and Mutagen sample drop, anyone?) and while I'm NOT interested on the new meta, I find it ridiculous the clear lies regarding reduced grinding they promissed the players, while ignoring the players that are unhappy with it or any other features (for instance, the Frost Deluxe skin, which DE changed slightly and made many players who bought it before the change unhappy, or the Tennogen Syandana, Sari, where many loved their open wings design all the time and folding when shooting or looking the menu, and yes, while they now stay open in the liset,dojos or relays, they stay closed within a mission, which makes it look unimpressive and almost the same as the other capes, taking away its charm), all things considered, Warframe IS a good game with potential, that is if the developers start hearing out their players like before and stop presenting us with solutions that do nothing to fix the problem, unless that happens, I suggest you to stay away from this game for now.Thank you for your attention and sorry for the absurdly long review."
,Recommended,230410,29894439,Posted: 13 February,all,RAZCEJ,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,230410,29974046,Posted: 16 February,all,ali_taeser,:3
76561198120978674,Not Recommended,230410,29807422,Posted: 9 February,all,blakemason,"this game is the most boring farming game ever. ohhh theres space ninjas ""fun"" it was cool at first but when i keep playing its just the same level over and over i dont recommend this game to anyone thats looking for a game that has a story or for someone that doesn't like farming games over all simple minded game that is the same thing every level."
,Recommended,230410,30097435,Posted: 22 February,all,LordKellogg,"I just simply love this game, it is alot more polished than when it was first released, and a couple of years after its release. This game is simply grindfest after a while, but I love that with this game, it feels like after all that grinding and relentless waves of enemies that have only one goal: To tear you a new bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you feel that it was worth it when you start building that new warframe or a new weapon. If grinding countless enemies for ages and ages is not your kinda of thing, then this is not your type of game. But if grinding is your forte, then click that download button and prepare to get butt hurt.Ps: You'll love it... I know I did ;). Heck I still do"
76561198064270537,Not Recommended,230410,30064581,Posted: 20 February,all,Nightmare Moon,"Grind Simulator 2016/2017, didn't play this game for a few months bcs of this reason and after thinking that should come back, maybe something nice added, checked warframe wiki, a few useless infected warframes and pet, more and more primes with primce access 40-100€+ (if remember right and not that they are only for real money, but the grind is extreme, realy) and almost no interesting meele weapons (other than galatine prime), but when was thinking about that galatine..., did remind self about the grind... and removed warframe from download list when it was just at 3 GB.Was this game fun over those 800 hours that played? yeah, when firstly started it was a ton of fun solo or with friends, but devs started adding more stuff (which was not bad at first), more randomness, less chance to drop things, more grind, then it came to bad side of it, before needed like 50-100 hours to level up primed mod, now after nerfing drop from... neptune excavation with corpus if correct it feels like they removed half of the gold cores from rewards.While adding things they removed things into ""vault"" leaving ppl with uncomplete parts, without possibility to get that stuff unless paying some thousands of plat on market from some antique collector players.What else..., ah, the void which was so extremaly grindy and frustrating when played then when lost an item that farmed for last 2 weeks back then bcs of their servers dying, called their support for giving it back... but no, they refused, never again got that part of volt again. Other than that, can't speak for void part of the game as they changed it in some way and didn't play it, no more void keys, that's all that know, but the extreme grind for anything else stays and it only gets worse with time, whe started the game it was so.... casual to just go and do few missions with randoms or friends and get many levels into weapons, many mods and cores that could be used to upgrade stuff and if wanted to farm parts.. it was just droping, now to get anything, thou wilt dedicate entire day, week, month, maybe even months who knows, met some ppl who were literaly screaming in chat in happiness when in void we were farming together and after 1-2 months they finally got that part. (and so here comes super ""cheap"" prime access and other stuff that drops like a b****)Master level, to level it up need to use weapons and things that don't want to, that are useless garbage, need to craft them/drop and whatever and ppl who played from very beggining or got prime excalibur will always have it highest bcs those items are no longer in loot tables.Last thing, the requirements for this game are missleading, 2GB of RAM?, 10GB free space?, pfhah lol, on windows xp (now have 7 so it wouldn't do such things.. perhaps?) where is 2GB RAM limit only the game in last months of playing it was crashing after 1-3 missions and don't even start with relays (or how those things are called), the amount of tenno that is there requires a beast computer... or a friend that can log in and buy stuff for us~. About space required, that's 25GB when downloading, what would be with all those patches. (not that is a thing to say game is bad, just saying that's wrong number)So okay, is the game bad, is that not worth the time to play and all that stuff, well... depends, depends if someone is patient. The story... was nice, decent, with many things to theorise, to discuss, to imagine, for self? that end with tenno being some stupid humanoid just controling a frame destroyed it and any new story after that and arround that was bad (except Clem, he is best NPC and quest giver in the game, glad atleast this devs did for playerbase other than expanding their prime crap). Enjoy grinding 100+ hours to upgrade 1 mod and doing literaly, the same thing while also trying as best as can to keep up to 20 or 30 wave? then thou wilt enjoy this. The game is further progressing into Super Grind Small Loan of One Million Dollars Hit Our Dev Heads Let's Prime It UP, not pay to win... atleast yet, unless we will consider boosters to improve our chances to drop that ""thing"" we want rather than wasting months, devs spends more time on making primed extremaly rare things that are either dropable after weeks or months or other stuff farmable like ships, pets, weapons, resources and put that stuff in their store for Small Loan Of One Million Dollars and spend noticably less and less time on making good story content, fixing pvp and new areas (archmode rubs us in a wrong way, an interesting idea that was left in basics that no one plays other than getting master level or for atlas warframe grind). So, after all of that... choose if want to play, game was good, no longer, it became like rest f2p games, no longer shines."
,Recommended,230410,29865181,Posted: 11 February,all,Monorock,"It's fine. Worth giving a little try. Would be best played with a group of friends.+ Controls and movement generally intuitive and feel good. Space ninjas.+ Free to play, with a fairly reasonable microtransaction scheme.+ Distinct and reasonable visuals and audio.+ Frequent updates.-  Gets strongly repetitive and grindy after a while.-  Poor community integration, hard to develop meaningful social connections (read: clans, groups, etc.)-  Some content is poorly fleshed out (the Archwing mechanics have been a mess forever)Play for a week until you get sick of it."
76561198164493218,Recommended,230410,29857487,Posted: 11 February,all,Fangz,"Warframe is a great game, it can easly run on low end PCs so you dont need to have a good computer, it has so much to do and i enjoy it alot, it takes a little while to get going but once you got the hang of it, it will be the most fun you have ever had!"
,Recommended,230410,30096391,Posted: 22 February,all,wolf daddy,good game.
,Recommended,230410,30072035,Posted: 20 February,all,Señor Fam,10/10
,Recommended,230410,29986893,Posted: 17 February,all,Fallenred111,"This is a great game overall. The only reason i dont play constantly is because i have some life and have to go to school. Itherwise, id basically play this constantly."
76561198069102369,Recommended,230410,29818910,Posted: 10 February,all,MFQ-Whispa,"Fast paced and fun gameplay that caters to all different playstyles, Good game design and an interesting real money based economy, and as you can tell by my hours, addictive grindish gameplay elements."
76561197969098142,Recommended,230410,29974947,Posted: 16 February,all,Yajuu,"883 hours on record as of writing this. It was good enough for 883 hours.Yes. I would recomend trying it.Why? Because it is free to play, and I got 883 hours out of it. The math there was pretty easy. Hell I quit playing because I didn't like the direction it was going. I am still going to recomend it - 883 hours, free to play.If you see a review for this game with a thumbs down, and look at that persons time - and it says literally hundreds of hours, and the game is free - Ignore them. It is free to play, and it was good enough for hundreds of hours; It's worth a try."
,Recommended,230410,29527691,Posted: 27 January,all,Bob,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,230410,29750551,Posted: 6 February,all,7grims,"Been playing for 4 years, but nowadays, warframe is a grindy piece of crap game, full of mini pay instances to bypass all the horrible grind and bad content; the devs and the game have changed for worse.All the game is being fixed with gimmicks and band-aids, and all new features are so deeply flawed, that it creates more issues on top of old issues.Dont even bother giving DE feedback or sugestions on the forums, any and all comments are edited or deleted, such censorship.Warframe, once a great game, has become a huge disgrace."
,Recommended,230410,29729328,Posted: 5 February,all,Nep Nep,"Love it or hate it. It depends I have played it for 407h outside of steam.- I liked old lore of this game where story was told by characters descriptions where community had to decypher language of tenno.- Old parkour system was also better.- It's also really unbalanced.- Rivens also are too op- New 2 story missions are really well made for a f2p game without level and content cap- In raids you can feel how much teamplay is important- Graphic and new effects are good- Music in story missions is awesome and I love it just google ""This is what you are - kaith power"" or for something for fight drums of war- Many weapons- Many characters- Many modifications for them not only visual- Minimalistic HUD- End game betwen players challenges. Really can make you laugh. Or cry. Depends...- Many types of enemies with- Only one look for each type- Sortie missions with 100lvl enemies- It does have bugs- Fashionframe so you can look cool even when shi* hits the fan- More bugs some of them I noticed 3 years ago and they're still there.....- Many missions with uniqe bosses- Field bosses- Uniqe characters- Community driven in game valute economy- You can get everything in game for free but needs effort and wit also teaches economy and how to buy and sell things for best prices and where- Farming and grinding is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- Ordis makes me cringeWhat I think about this game? Well I Hate it and I love it. I love the feeling of progress. Helping newbies makes me feel nostalgic. I like charaters looks and graphic it's not the best but it's good. I like remebering how many different peoples I met. How I laughed with them and how I got angry with them. I like remembering old clans and how many things I done with people there. I like disscussing every two weeks what stuff will the trader bring this time. I also like secrets of tilesets and how not everything is shown on map. Events can make you laugh if you look on them from different perspective. Game mechanics are good and you can have different play styles. Not exactly what you think. You have spy if you want to be sneaky it also gives you bonus for being undetected.  On extermination if it's moving you kill it. Thanks to archwing and titania I can fly :DSo now it was all good. Time for bad stuff. It's really unbalanced and riven mods boosting weapons makes it even more. Lack of in game challenges creates no real endgame you can have 24th master rang and your only benefits are that you don't have anything to do and more rep to gain with syndicates and more trade sessions avalibe every day also farming for characters, mods and affinity is really boring.  Some weapons drops from field bosses and if you have luck you will get them or you will be like me and never get it. Bosses. Some are fine other don't. 257 runs for tyl regor still didn't get equinox. Killed stalker many times only got dread or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mods. I spawned him with beacon got an orokin cell. Credits and orokin ducats lost and got even more frustration. Platinum. Sure you can buy it but you can also get it from other players so it's good. Well some things have cost of 900p and from low rank status mod you can get 5p. As much as there are many good players there are also some bad ones. They will hate how you or your cavat/kubrow/sentinel looks. They will have taxi themselves on you to key locked missions telling that they have keys so you will get more stuff and you end with worthless things. It's mmo so it's normal. Buying slots for characters and weapons is a pain. Archwing mission have too much of lvl leap between nodes. Bugs. Oh god. Going trough the textures unpickuping droop, grenades exploding in weapons , bugged field bosses so you have to abandon missions, crashes, wrong enemy spawn locations, enemy attacks going trough walls, bleeding doors. Lightnings out of nowhere. Guys who you need to defend don't follow you or wander around the map. Stupid AI. Like really.I give it 7/10 You have to play it. And if you liked it you have to reach mr 6 plus Neptune and unlock second dream and war within to like it even more. If not I'm okay with it because it's one of those games.Need help? In game crafcik12 ."
,Not Recommended,230410,30185486,Posted: 25 February,all,Boothy,Grindfest. Thats all I'm gunna say.
,Recommended,230410,10640072,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rotaken,"Halp, it ate what was left of my life :<"
76561198065781946,Recommended,230410,7739145,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Travis,you should play it. its free and you are a mother♥♥♥♥ing ninja
,Recommended,230410,21220562,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SensaG,Very addicting but overall very polished and intriguing gameplayRecommended.
,Recommended,230410,27877053,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZSR,"This game is like Phantasy Star Online. The good one, the original. So it's okay. Big time sink, though."
76561198021858466,Recommended,230410,29157778,Posted: 10 January,all,Rubick_Stole_My_Swag,Fast-paced game with great player control and just a all round kickass game
,Recommended,230410,5767295,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,ANDR3W,One of the best F2P games I've ever played!
,Recommended,230410,6526777,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,fireteam,"And here's my book:Warframe.One of the most popular online FPS RPGs on the market today, Warframe has already collected quite the crowd. Three million is the current, last-published number for the player base of this game.With online guide support, one is never lost in this game as it is constantly changing. Created by Digital Extremes (DE), this game is nothing short of constantly updated. If you ever find a bug or that something isn't correct, you can guarantee that it won't be the situation for long.If you're not too big on PC gaming anyway, just buy it for PS4 (releasing Nov 15, 2013 in the US). Oh wait, I didn't mention that the game is absolutely free. If it's not your cup of tea, no problem. You simply delete it off of your hard drive, and your out of nothing but your time.However, if you do enjoy this game like the many others who tried it, you'll be sucked into the universe (or solar system, more correctly) of the Tenno.Now, don't think this game has some magical, gripping storyline. The missions are extremely repetitive and somewhat lackluster. However, the amount of content available is simply astonishing.I have at this current time 196 hours of time played in Warframe. I still feel as if I haven't scratched the surface.if you're worried about spending money, you shouldn't worry at all. If you want to play this game in the sub-100 hours range, then you should be fine. If not, I would say $50-$75 should complete the entire purchase of the game.Considering the fact that Fallout 3 plus all its DLC was $120+ I'm not too concerned on that price range.If you're interested of hours of addictive gameplay filled with ninja robots and a whole lot of dead people, you've come to the right place.Fight on, Tenno."
76561198071327831,Recommended,230410,30081834,Posted: 21 February,all,PhoenixTheBlack,"So far the game is amazing, alot of farming, but ey its pretty fun, the only thing i want from the devs ARE MORE LOTUS♥♥♥♥♥ NOW I WANT YOU TO WORK ON A QUEST THAT HAS NOTHING BUT LOTUS IN IT <3 LUV U LOTUS KUN <3"
76561198114526479,Recommended,230410,30110733,Posted: 22 February,all,Toldo,"good gameplay, good design character, good graphic,"
76561198040899138,Recommended,230410,29586975,Posted: 30 January,all,PedroBear,"TL;DR: You'll love this game until you hate it because, after hundreds of hours, you want more content.I love wf and just like most people that have played this game I think is fantastic, but even with so many people having so much fun veteran players, +800 hours, start hating the game.Why? Mostly because the end game is not really well handled, but I don't feel like this is wf's problem, the endgame has been expanded HUUUUUUUUGELY in the last 2 years, but obviously people play it faster than the DEV's release new content, this makes some people in the comunity angry because they're little kids.That said, yes DE makes mistake, but none that a new player would understand.Play wf, you won't regret it."
76561198150782643,Recommended,230410,30068620,Posted: 20 February,all,Clone CSgogem.com,This is a great free to play game that has a lot of content all acsessable by playing without paying.
76561198364876293,Recommended,230410,30068860,Posted: 20 February,all,orange,"Really good game. Very good graphics, overall nice community, and supportive game devs."
,Recommended,230410,30163933,Posted: 25 February,all,EnnaieL -ssrt-,One of the best free to play game. Great community which you can easily make friends in other countries.
76561198175884915,Recommended,230410,30212395,Posted: 26 February,all,LilOofTang,Lit♥♥♥♥♥♥fam id borrow sugar from my neighbor agian
76561198065587454,Recommended,230410,30212946,Posted: 26 February,all,ripdbenzૐ,Good for a free game
,Recommended,230410,30205082,Posted: 26 February,all,Ego Serpentis,"A better ""The Division""."
,Recommended,230410,30184020,Posted: 25 February,all,LazlowMorphine,If Halo had ninjas
76561198181225463,Recommended,230410,30164825,Posted: 25 February,all,Jonttee Hellcase.com,space ninjas.. clever! 5/5
,Recommended,230410,29885388,Posted: 12 February,all,Teekay,"I made some very questionable choices when starting out on this game such as unequipping my primary/secondary and spending my initial free platinum on a cosmetic. A norwegian and a pair of canadians made fun of me for it.Banter aside, this is one of the best free to play games I've played in quite a while. Primarily because of how surprisingly not pay to win this game is and the massive amounts of options you're given when it comes to weaponry and characters combined with a very fluent feel to the gameplay. (If you really wanted to you can ditch your guns and run with only a greatsword and a melee and/or tank based character.) Though the game has a lot of microtransactions you shouldn't assume it's a p2w game just because of that. Warframe's trading community is both active and allows you totrade platinumfor almost any item in the game and vice versa for way lower prices than what the market would offer you. Unless you're willing to go out of your way to farm a particular area for a certain item you want the game feels very little of a grind making microtransactions even less tempting.The only really negative thing I can think about in Warframe is its level design, semi-randomly generated and tilesets are reused in later planets, though it reminds me of Spiral Knights quite a bit which has the same sort of level design so I personally felt more nostalgic than I did fustrated.It's a free to play game, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about optional microtransactions anyway? Go pick it up, equip a MK1-paris and enjoy the ragdoll physics!"
76561198259620191,Recommended,230410,29988786,Posted: 17 February,all,Freezing core,warframe is a good game if you figger out how to take advanteg of the feature it can seam hard and pay to win at times but aslong as you push threw and use the online co op it will be fine
76561198146957574,Recommended,230410,30025214,Posted: 18 February,all,jacobaccio,"I absolutely LOVE this game! Second longest playtime in my library, with first place being a cross platform game (as I only had a mac for 2 years.) If I had a PC for longer, it would have the most play time. It's such a great game, with (theoretically) infinite content. The devs (check them outhere) are great people that are always adding new stuff. The best part is it's free to play (with the exception of buying premium currency, calledplatinum.) I totally recommend it to anyone with a love for shooters and sci-fi addictions.lol syk i promote it for everyone get it now it's epic10/10!"
,Recommended,230410,29596183,Posted: 30 January,all,fruitrollup,"This game is a game I would reccommend to people who like the grind and the satisfaction of getting new things such as weapons and warframes. No this is not one of those p2w games. I think its a play 2 win type of game. The only way to acutally get good is to play the game. Which takes a HELL A LOT OF TIME (unless you buy stuff).PROS:There are many different types of warframes, and they all have a unique features. There's also a lot of weapons, guns, kubrows, missions, etc. It's a game where you can team up and play with your friends and have a great time. It's a very satisfying game and burns time FAST. The price for the plat isn't that bad, 20 dollars for 370 plat isn't that bad tbh. And there's trading too, so you can trade stuff with other players to speed things up. Another pro is that all the missions aren't on land. There's archwing missions, where you can fly around space and kick♥♥♥♥♥and it's soooo cooool.CONS:Too much grind. The grind is literally unreal. Students like me wont be able to catch up to what's going on and play. The missions are repetitive, and they're all pretty much the same, but on different planets. The Warframes are hard to get without paying money, but even with paying money it's still hard because all the good primed warframes are in the vault so you have to wait till they release it from the vault. Another con is THE LAG. This game is NOT suitable for people with really weak and cheap PC's. If you try to run it on a really horrible and cheap PC, it's only gonna go 10 or 20 FPS max, maybe even 5 FPS, especially in infested missions since there's so many graphics involved with it.Overall, I think this game is pretty good. I would give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,230410,29879188,Posted: 12 February,all,Sigurd,"After 100+hrs of frankly pretty bad exposition, the game suddenly becomes really good.Probably one of the best Free to Play games I've played in recent times."
,Recommended,230410,30101067,Posted: 22 February,all,Arandabido,"Played 2600 hours in around 3 years.Can't. Stop. Playing.I can't even stop thinking about the game outside the game. I'm probably working or preparing breakfast and have a past Devstream or analysis about it running on my cellphone.Every Warframe you can use is unique. There's a ton of weapons that i haven't seen in other MMO's and playing with friends is a blast.Warframe is an F2P game where you can grind the cash currency (platinum) and never spending a single penny on it. (And even if you need to, you'll probably get discounts in game) and this is awesome, because customization mostly comes from cash items. And customization in warframe is super complete. (also our true endgame) (?)Lastly: you have freedom. You can build your characters and weapons any way, and you'll always be able to rearrange and change everything whenever you want. You don't have to always play the same character because is the only one you leveled up. You don't have to start from the complete bottom if you wanna play something else. You don't have to do the same quests and the same missions again with another warframe. You just swap, and continue fighting.And with over 20 Warframes to play, and the freedom to choose any weapon for any of them... yeah, this game harldy gets boring for me.Try it, and if you have problems progressing, ask in the region chat. Most people in the community will be happy to help you.But just try it."
,Recommended,230410,29869210,Posted: 12 February,all,Notorious,"In my oponinon best free to play game out there. Doesnt need a super strong PC to play and the game still looks beautifull ,i f you lower the graphics . Game is fun and the space ninja idea is original . Game is updated frequently and they add more waepons and characters (warframes) pretty much every other month. Game has crafting ,farming and grinding system , but if you dont want that you can buy platinum (ingame currency) that you can use to get the items without framing and crafting them . You can get everything in this game without spending a penny :) Solid game and in my opininon too god for a free to play game ."
,Recommended,230410,30017942,Posted: 18 February,all,Wargull,I put 10 hours into this game today aloneI woke up 12 hours agoPlease save me
76561198329476934,Recommended,230410,29942227,Posted: 15 February,all,ervis251,best game ever!!!! i enjoy very much the game
76561198360652345,Recommended,230410,30096221,Posted: 22 February,all,G-LowN,i like it
,Recommended,230410,30022549,Posted: 18 February,all,CapyXCIX,When I find myself bored of other games I come to this.  Have no clue what I am doing but I get to go super fast and kills things easily.
,Recommended,230410,30023780,Posted: 18 February,all,Giga Nigga 9000,Pretty Swanky
76561198155125289,Recommended,230410,30030092,Posted: 19 February,all,Truw,...
76561198194481089,Recommended,230410,30035693,Posted: 19 February,all,xR3maN,"It is nice if you play wiyh friends, single is a little boring."
,Recommended,230410,30121211,Posted: 23 February,all,Wurple Octopussy,A game of crazieness and madeness
,Recommended,230410,30123234,Posted: 23 February,all,็,good game
,Recommended,230410,30063742,Posted: 20 February,all,ZedHead,It's an okay game if you are willing to grind
76561198329712764,Recommended,230410,30074167,Posted: 20 February,all,jinxme,"Well, DE have tried their best to make a game thats worth the grind and they have managed so far to keep me entertained for nearly 2 years. The game depth comes tru numerous mods some of which are event based. So they are not that easy to collect. Even when you have them u must remember what u have put on your weapon to use it to its full advantage. Until. Until you reach further into the game where it just all feels old and the same as everything else. You will get bored when you realise how much your progress will be dictated by your rank /till r12/ and whether or not u buy DLC... Even with money orientated flaws game still plays fine."
76561198248608832,Recommended,230410,30076133,Posted: 21 February,all,American_Infidel,More content than Battlefield 1 and it's free. Enough said.
76561198208173819,Recommended,230410,30109286,Posted: 22 February,all,LowLifeRoket JR,this game is life
,Recommended,230410,30039249,Posted: 19 February,all,RUSH B,Get ClemedGragata out of 10
76561198091198480,Recommended,230410,29988559,Posted: 17 February,all,Only kanye can judge me,SUPER POWERED SPACE NINJA WITH GUNS!!! pretty graphics and free
,Recommended,230410,29923136,Posted: 14 February,all,AntClimatic,"PROS:-Good gameplay-Nice mechanics-Quite a bit of customization, well, not THAT much, but enough to satisfy my needs, too much customization would be bad anyway-IT IS NOT P2W! DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY FREE GAMES ARE NOT P2W? NEAR ZERO! BUT THIS IS ONE OF THOSE THAT AREN'T! ISN'T THAT AWESOME?-Nice graphics-Its existence caused some quite nice fanart to pop-up in the InternetCONS:-Confusing story with some major plotholes-Its existence caused some quite creepy fanart to pop-up in the Internet-The Prime Vault is a thing, I know why it exists, but I still feel disappointed DE didn't come up with a less punishing solution to their loot overflow than just removing some of it from the game.8.9/10.0I recommend"
76561198231184772,Recommended,230410,29784040,Posted: 8 February,all,Will,"i think this is a good game and that people will enjoy it but they just need to give it a trybut i also thing they need to add more levels, enermies,etc...."
,Recommended,230410,29989282,Posted: 17 February,all,EffectiveRange,"THis game is great if you have friends or play at a peak time when other people are on.  But if you work a ""different shift"" and are a ""loner"" then this game will not be very fun for you as ive found after completing as much as I could on solo.  After that you are locked into either finding friends ""nice try life"" or queue up and hope some other poor slob is on."
,Recommended,230410,30222491,Posted: 27 February,all,Min,Ducking awesome
,Recommended,230410,30098492,Posted: 22 February,all,LasseG pvpro.com,It a fun and a good game. if you got a lot of time
76561198073898640,Recommended,230410,30177230,Posted: 25 February,all,ChopStick Oppa 진형,Its ok...But dat download tho
,Recommended,230410,29953794,Posted: 15 February,all,Deadliar,"Warframe is a tough game to start, but a great game to enjoy later on.Let yourself get absorb into the world and stop thinking about endgame, and endless fun awaits.Once you get the urge to ""be on top"", you will start to get bothered by things a regular player won't even notice.The game keeps getting updated and while there is salt here and there, it remains a great experience."
,Recommended,230410,29810735,Posted: 9 February,all,Hunhow,"Let's get started with the beginning,Really fun and addicting,Community is about 80% friendly so that's always good in any game ! as for ""PAY TO WIN"" claims,it's not,you grind to win unless you're rich you can just skip the grind but that would ruin the point of a grinding game,It gets a bit hard at times but that doesn't stop you from going to the ""Recruiting"" Tab and finding a quick crew to help you,The currency ""Platinum"" can be earned by trading/selling stuff in game,Graphics are really amazing for a Free to play game and couldn't be any better,Streams everyweek to keep you up to date on fixes/bugs/buffs/nerfs etcOne of the massive flaws sadly is how massively RNG based it gets (The further you are in it)Finishing all quests/collecting everything eventually leaves you bored and with nothing to do but wait for new stuffOther than that,It's really good (i recommend heavily to grind lovers out there)Edit: Game is still Amazing and going to get a hell of a lot better,get it asap!"
76561198302104748,Recommended,230410,30202574,Posted: 26 February,all,SkyStrike,"The game is extremely fun and especially good with friends. I would recommend having more than 1 person on voice comm. though, because the grindy nature of the game does get boring after a while if you're alone.Only problem: Archwing missions will often make you dizzy. Always does for me."
,Recommended,230410,29973858,Posted: 16 February,all,a cloud,"""ok game"" - IGN"
,Recommended,230410,29916300,Posted: 14 February,all,Ω Zamuro _/,"Warframe is an addicting game that's more focused on farming to get better gear, thinking what would fit more to a weapon to make it more powerful, element combos and stuff like that. This game is really good, i really enjoy the concept and you know i would support the des if i had the money tothe only problem is it eating 45-50% of my CPUother then thatGood game, just don't go wasting everything you have on a small set of lego weapons like a shotgun that shoots like a machine gun"
,Not Recommended,230410,30000685,Posted: 17 February,all,BIG NOSE JONES,when i first played this game i had so much fun i played for hours but i have currently put 172 hours into the game and i realized something everything in this game is a chore almost all the mission types are extremely hard to do yourself and with friends its still pretty hard and it takes forever to do anything in order to be able to do a quest you have to do a ton of other stuff and it could take you hours just to do the things to be able to get the quest and even when you finally get something done  like get a new weapon or warframe it doesnt even feel that rewarding to me at least.I worked on a quest that was nothing but spy missions it took me 3-4 weeks to finally complete it and when i completed it i got a heat swrod bluprint and some credits neither of those things were helpful when i play this i feel like im just doing a huge chore just to do something i want or get something i want dont get me wrong this game is really cool its just it also sucks
,Recommended,230410,30086558,Posted: 21 February,all,Nemęşįş,"Warframe is a game were you get to witness a life of a Tenno, warriors of blade and gun and exoskeletal ninjas of the futuristic universe. Face agianst enemies of 3 race called Grineer, Corpus and Infestation and play with other Tennos to help increase the mission success, but beware for you will be marked for death by a hunter called the Stalker. A multi-genre game with 31 warframes to choose from ( unless of course you are new then you get to pick 3 of those warframes ). With the new lore quest that was updated you will obtain powers of the void and learn more of the past: The Old War. Good game modes and missions to choose from and gain OP weapons of your choice. Download Warframe for free and adventure through it's story.We are waiting. They are waiting, Tenno, for your awakening..."
,Recommended,230410,30028349,Posted: 19 February,all,Steve Buscemi Himself,"Everything in this game is too easy get, especially the hema.There isn't nearly enough grinding. I want a game that'll certify me for abrasive engineering just for playing it.I'd recomend doubling, or perhaps even tripling the resource requirements for all items in the game.This gets my recommendation solely for the alien doggos."
,Recommended,230410,29887458,Posted: 12 February,all,Peejay,imagine a world where everyone can play genji and no one yells at you to switch
76561197994710479,Recommended,230410,29426889,Posted: 22 January,all,JohnnyJay,"With almost 900 hours in game it might be time to ask the questions: Do I still enjoy the game, Do i think it’s worth the hours and do i recommend it?The Short answer is definitely yesThe long answer is yes, but RNG is king in this game. A follow up question will then be: will you put in the hours and show RNG who is boss, or will you give in and spend money. Examples of RNG will now follow:* RELICS (how you get all your prime items - somewhat stronger items):+ Acquiring prime parts requires Relics - Which drops randomly of loot tables in certain areas.+ Relics drop items on it randomly. You can upgrade the relic to better your chances, but its slightly.+ Even with fully upgraded relics, RNG can and will still bend you over and...* RIVEN MODS / SORTIES (semi-end-game missions and mods):+ Sorties have a random chance of giving you a riven mod (it’s a myth, all drop items are 2000 endo)+ If you are lucky to get a riven mod, it can either be a shotgun, primary or pistol riven.+ The random riven has a random mission on it that has to be completed before you can unlock it+ After unlocking the riven, you have a random chance of getting a random riven for a random weapon with random stats on it.+ If you got bad stats you can reroll it, to get new random stats that has a random chance of being better or worse (you can revert to the old stats, but it still cost kuva - rare resource - to do a roll)Other than the above random RNG, there are small amount of RNG in collecting mods, but that just require time.Now the positives (if you are still reading and didn’t dash for the hills already):+ The best looking free-2-play 3rd person shooter I’ve ever seen+ Amazing story quests that does a great job in explaining into history of the game universe+ A lot of game modes and missions that keeps gameplay fresh+ Fun game play+ The devs are very active (a lot of devstreams where they give you insight into upcoming content, quick hotfixes, active in game help and more)+ The devs are very generous– support charities+ some Easter eggs in game+ A lot of gameplay options – warframes and weapons+ Very helpful community+ Fequently adds new content for free+ Everything is obtainable via playing the game (excluding some cosmetics)+ 2 very well designed raids (with nightmare options)+ Well rounded bosses (can become easy)+ Fasionframe is true end gameTo conclude: After the update of the star map, sorties, gameplay etc. im definitely still enjoying the game.I do recommend this game to all, but with a slight warning: Either spend time, or spend money – it is called Farm-frame after all."
76561198332025074,Recommended,230410,29610157,Posted: 31 January,all,Master Chief 117,"the game is probably the best free game on steam, very reccomended!"
,Recommended,230410,29494317,Posted: 25 January,all,AG ♦ Oh Shit A Spooky Bear,"While I havent played long, its got a pretty good community and most players are helpful"
76561198083923414,Recommended,230410,34923571,Posted: 13 September,all,Klartz,"Great Game, free to play, and nowhere close to pay to win"
76561198306191455,Recommended,230410,30062060,Posted: 20 February,all,Skelly,"Overall great rpg game that is similar to destiny but is fresh with enemy types, different missions on the many planets in our solar system, you could customize your many items and the tennos  which is basically like the guardians in destiny each class with a unique ability so come join the solar system as a Teno and protect our galaxy from extraterrestrial forces."
76561198039473101,Recommended,230410,29687224,Posted: 4 February,all,TOP GUN,Nice graphics nice mechanics ...nice game RECOMENDED
76561198022220394,Recommended,230410,10560663,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,\/Haydos/\,One of the best free to play games
76561198193261959,Recommended,230410,29911275,Posted: 13 February,all,Vectivus,"disgusting intense unfair 300 year grind, spent 100$ atleast on fashion alone11/10 would restart game and play again"
76561198126817368,Recommended,230410,29598489,Posted: 30 January,all,John Madison,"Honestly love this game, but beware of scammers!"
,Recommended,230410,29815523,Posted: 9 February,all,andomort,Valk is hot
,Recommended,230410,29765890,Posted: 7 February,all,TrashCat™,"Really cool game, plus its free"
76561198301163810,Recommended,230410,30097865,Posted: 22 February,all,Mctp,It's a really addictive game
,Recommended,230410,29625168,Posted: 1 February,all,Dule99  pvpro.com,Amazing game ^_^
76561198056281075,Recommended,230410,29660888,Posted: 2 February,all,noline,fun game i played it on my ps4 and now im gonna try it on my computer 10/10
76561198126159172,Not Recommended,230410,29712408,Posted: 4 February,all,Momiji-Inubashiri,"I f*cking love this game, I really do, but sadly DE ruined it. They made the RNG and Grind aspects of this game 10 times worse with a single update, then they destroyed cores increasing grind more, then the most anticipated update of this game was a couple cut scenes that didn't focus on your warframe (The name of the game, the entire point of it too)Before new void drop system: 9.5/10After new void drop system: 2/10I'd rather put 100 hours into bad rats than play another minute of this game, screw you DE."
,Recommended,230410,29530481,Posted: 27 January,all,IntoTheAbyss1223,Amazing game have more than 2000+ hours on ps4 and now im playing on the pc which i probably should have done from the start. The only thing that sucks is i cant transfer my accounts so i pretty much have to start from scratch which is a long journey. Developers really need to fix that and make account migration possible.
,Recommended,230410,29731327,Posted: 5 February,all,VikingB,"Addictive space themed mmo hack'n'slash shooter 100/100 recommendedI played this game since beta, got bored of it more times than i can count, but i away have to comeback, because there is no other game that has so many things, mechanics, graphycs, gameplay, strategies etc with this low system requerimentsThey implemented a doom fog of hell that consumes 90%(not joking) of the graphic needs of the game, and should have been removed since idealization, but thats only one problem.Download, and prepare to get addicted ;3"
,Recommended,230410,29595469,Posted: 30 January,all,Pe Pe roni,would play warfarm agien420/911best destiny gaem
76561198115503354,Recommended,230410,29674555,Posted: 3 February,all,Green Eggs and Lamb (Peter),"Welcome to Warframe! A game about space ninja child soldiers that are so OP the developers don't know how to balance the game anymore.The PlotYou play as a Warframe, a biomechanical organism that has♥♥♥♥♥♥but have as much purpose as a man's nipples.Join Space Mom, as she lies to you for no reason other than plot progression!Meet Ordis, the tactical support A.I in your dropship that won't stop saying the same lines of dialogue over and over!nooffbuttonincluded.Join your friends in 4 player co-op as you question why quests are even in the game, or why they are even called quests to begin with when all they do is act as an introduction to a new mechanic or enemy type!GameplayBecome the ultimate Power Ranger Ninja Turtle Guyver Gundam Beetle Borg by farming for Warframe parts...Aaaaand waiting a week for them to finish crafting!Join a Syndicate and get♥♥♥♥♥raped by enemies that don't like your life decisions, instantly killing you while you were on a spy mission!OHGODTHEALERMSWENTOFFFFF♥♥♥♥!Spend hours, days, weeks, months, years grinding what's left of your childhood away until you have to get off your parent's dime and work for once in your life!Finally find the PVP terminal only to see a pitiful excuse for balanced gameplay! Then play Space Ninja Rocket League instead.Join a clan only to see it die the next day!Go on Warframe forums and complain about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game really is! Then get molested by fanboys that love to suck the developer's♥♥♥♥♥♥to get brownie points!Final VerdictIn summary, it's a very medicore hack'n'slash third person shooter. The story is boring and stale. The community can be very ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes (as seen on Warframe's forums). The combat however is decent, and feels very impactful. I highly recommend this game if you have some friends and you are looking for a co-op game.If you work a lot and have very little time on hand for yourself, DO NOT install Warframe. Warframe is incredibly time consuming and if you have a job or a family you are devoted to, Warframe is simply not worth the investment.I rate the game a 7/10, it's an okay game but DE has seriously screwed up the game's flow and are constantly adding uneccessary resources to the game *cough! Endo cough!*"
76561198113885313,Recommended,230410,30247762,Posted: 28 February,all,Azazel,DO YOU KNOW THE MEANING OF INSANITY IS ? THE MEANING OF INSANITY IS DOING THE SAME MISSION AGAIN AGAIN AND EXPECT SOMETHING TO CHANGE ! But yeah i hooks you its awesome and after 333 hours i feel like i still have more to do like i just started.
,Recommended,230410,30248162,Posted: 28 February,all,Yaman,"Space ninjas...with bazookas, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,230410,29432214,Posted: 22 January,all,Luna,even for my toaster of a computer it plays graphics as or better than xbox one
76561198124719991,Recommended,230410,29701700,Posted: 4 February,all,Fire,"""Destiny for geniuses and badasses.""10/10, Get this game!Also, tell Clem I said Hi."
,Recommended,230410,29706319,Posted: 4 February,all,Mefisto,Ghh
76561198140428028,Recommended,230410,29474035,Posted: 24 January,all,dbizarro94,Fun times. Best community ever!
,Recommended,230410,29482380,Posted: 25 January,all,GodOfKidy,One great F2P Game of its own kind. its nice to see good games like this for free.
,Recommended,230410,29632166,Posted: 1 February,all,JaL,seems good...
76561198296067826,Recommended,230410,29702883,Posted: 4 February,all,Alexxy14,"Very good game, at first its confusing but then its a super addictive game"
,Not Recommended,230410,29855596,Posted: 11 February,all,Yonyomi 🐾,"Grindfest. NaziMods. NaziDevs.People use Secura Lecta to farm some more credits? Okay, let's nerf it significantly so they will have to buy credit boosters again.(not implemented yet -->) How to make the enemies more annoying? Hmm let's give the guys that suck the players energy (so that they can't use powers) invulnerability to all damage types everywhere but in one specific spot. If the player misses, well, bad luck son, keep trying, in the meantime we will spawn 5 more level 60 chargers and 3 ancient healers. Good luck scrubs. Say what? 7 shots with a trigris to kill? Not my problem.Any warframe YouTuber that talked in a negative way about the devs poor job was punished. That is why everyone is scared.That newbie spent 10 minutes in recruiting asking for help, but recruiting was empty so he came to main asking for help, mod kicks for using the wrong chat and says ""rules are the rules"". Ten minutes later guy comes spamming main chat, mod is nowhere, comes later and says ""he stopped spaming, and as the chat activity is low, there is no need to take action"".So you looking to get a mod in this mission huh? Okay, let's set the drop chances to 0.028% (actual real in game drop %). Have fun.Oh you wanted that prime weapon? Too bad you weren't a player a year ago, cause the best prime weapons got vaulted. But wait! All the vaulted prime items can be yours for just 60 bucks!Producer says he works his♥♥♥♥♥off. We did ineeeeed see that in the huge amount of content 2016 brought us.A common ""F2P"" game nowadays."
76561198003620292,Recommended,230410,29416347,Posted: 22 January,all,DKM211,"After 990 hours I have decided to leave a positive review for Warframe. I've played since Closed Beta (last I can fully remember) and have thoroughly enjoyed this game. Everyone may complain that it's a grindy game, but it's still fun. The combat and customization is top notch. Not to mention it's a great coop game to play with friends. It's free to play; so give it a go, you may end up wasting as much time from your life as I have on this game."
,Recommended,230410,29455061,Posted: 23 January,all,[CRZD] Vasilis P (GR),Awesome game!!!
76561198083260929,Not Recommended,230410,29823274,Posted: 10 February,all,Dellen,FEEL THE GRIND OF A THOUSAND SUN
76561198276630514,Recommended,230410,29488980,Posted: 25 January,all,R0K3RRツ,Wow so nice game and its for free! And NO pay2win
,Recommended,230410,29779483,Posted: 8 February,all,Clawlegend,"I like it, its prettyy goood. my names jeff"
76561198143551129,Recommended,230410,29596983,Posted: 30 January,all,Vindictus,Great wholesome family fun.
,Not Recommended,230410,29443713,Posted: 23 January,all,SASq,"Another ""free to play"" game or lets say more pay to win!Choice are between:wait, wait and wait or pay(24h for gun ... idk if i want 2 whahah)die or pay(some tools/gears are ""free"" only ones :P )Missions are same and same and same idk do i say same :)It is more co-op game. Some mission cant be done alone (if someone want to play alone ofc)Bosses are funny (you kill them sometime more easy then some AI)Junction are weird hard sometime too :)Game have good idea,but money you need to invest in game not worth it !!!(idk why it is call free anyway)Finale words: If you don’t think to pay just prepare for a lot waiting and grinding !!!"
76561198062786398,Not Recommended,230410,30133550,Posted: 23 February,all,No1Killjoy,"I played this game years ago. It was simple and fun. If you wanted something, all you had to do was devote a little time to farming it or pay money for it. I was a decent Mastery Rank when I quit. Enough to know that I'd done well with the time I spent. I would have highly recommended it back in the day. The lore is interesting and the weapons and warframes are very unique. Now, however, I'm telling you to pick a different game.I recently created a new user and logged on. Now it's much more complicated and difficult to get anything you need. If you're up for a game that sucks the life out of you, this is perfect. You can't pick a weapon blueprint at random and know you'll get the materials in a couple hours. It could be a long time before you get to the planet that drops the resources requied. They've put a large number of warframe primes in the vault, which means you will never be able to build them ever again, unless the developers decide to put them back out for a bit.Don't worry though, there are plenty of ""common"" warframes and ""rare"" ones out there that aren't primes. Of course, if you don't want to farm or brave the in-game economy, you can just pay more than a full game's price for a prime. No big deal there.The community is great. It's fun to send enemies flying with explosions, pin them to the walls with bows, or just shred them with some AR you picked up and hopefully were far enough along in the game to not have to buy platinum to obtain it.If you're into a game who's pros will never outweigh the staggering cons, then go for it. As for me, I've seen enough."
76561198260148156,Not Recommended,230410,29780299,Posted: 8 February,all,FailsInSilence,"I had alot of fun playing the game but I cannot recommend it beacuse of their(in my opinion) extremely Anti-consumer EULA which states that""DIGITAL EXTREMES MAY SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, BLOCK ACCESS TO OR DELETE THE SERVICE OR ANY ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME WITH OR WITHOUT REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.""The important thing to note here is the WITHOUT REASON.And no I didn't get banned just bored."
,Not Recommended,230410,29422720,Posted: 22 January,all,Ms.BreezyButt,it SUCCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,230410,29647690,Posted: 2 February,all,KillaMattK,This Game is a must play and will leave u wondering what I do.... How can a a game this badass be Free2play
,Recommended,230410,29935150,Posted: 14 February,all,PUMPKIN SPICE TWINKY,"From the little that I've played, I think it is alright."
,Not Recommended,230410,29804993,Posted: 9 February,all,TinklyBiscuit,GRIND
76561198153176634,Not Recommended,230410,29456427,Posted: 23 January,all,[YGS]Dies On Duty,"I've been playing warframe for a small ammount of time but with that said lets take a look at the game. I will be reviewing the game in a pro/ con style and ending with my final conclusion.Pro:The game is large. There is so much to explore, kill, grind, create, and collect. The game would take maybe years to 100%.The game is Free. That is pretty cool on the developers part to make the game free to play.Gunplay is pretty good. It is a 3rd person shooter where the player can use a large list of weapons ranging from throwable weapons, katanas, bows, and your generic arsenal of guns like sniper, assult rifles, shotgun, ect. Each weapon feels smooth in the field of combat.Rpg elements. Your weapons get stronger through the game boosting damage and increase mod slots. Besides that your warframe also gets stronger the more you level up.Con:Steep learning curve. Right from the early portion of the game, the game has a nasty habit of not informing the player of what to do either in the boss fight or explain about these new enemies in a level. I got caught off guard when for some random reason i teleported some distance into a crowd of enemies because an enemy has the ability to teleport me.Annoying enemies. Enemies are pretty chill in the early part of the game but later when you get to sheilded enemies, enemies that have an aoe attack, the flying sheild drones, enemies that can teleport you or grapple you. You will be so very annoyed at how many times you get knocked down breaking any pace the player may have and leaves you open to being attacked for a pretty big ammount of time.Grinding. The grind is real in this game. You need to grind for everything from making weapons, warframes, items, leveling up all your weapons and warframes. Not only that but there is rng about getting warframe peices to help make an additional warframe for you own use or to just collect.Microtransactions. This wouldnt be a big deal if it didnt play a part in the core game mechanics. If i had to grind for everything and not worry about paying money unless i really want that weapon or warframe then i wouldnt mind the option, not that i would use money to get ingame stuff anyways. Here that exists but that is not the end of it. The player must use platinum which is the ""ingame"" equivalent of real life cash even though the game already has an ingame currency system. Back to the point, the player must use this platinum to buy slots to store these new weapons or warframes created. This pretty much punishes players who do not wish to spend their money on the slots to make the new items available for use. Sure you can trade with players for platinum but it is just a hassle, it would be better if every created warframe or weapon came with a slot eleminating the whole issue or better yet let us use the ingame currency to buy the slots than our actual money.Hacking minigames. I dont mind minigames in general but these minigames are just pain to deal with not because they are super hard. It is because they are very apparent in the game and you will be doing the same hacking minigame many times through out the game. There are 2 different types of minigames but it could be sumed up as meh and a pace breaker when doing one. The controls in the pipe minigame are annoying since if using a controller it highlights based on the direction of the analog stick. It would be easier if the stick moved the highlighted pipe section from the last highlighted location. It is just awkard to deal with.Conclusion:The game at first seemed really cool but with this large ammount of grinding and the need to use platinum to buy weapon and warframe shots. I just could not enjoy the game because that means if i want to be a higher mastery rank i must either buy slots or sell my stuff to maintain that one slot i opened by selling my weapons. The minigames are annoying because how many times one must do them either in a single mission or a single planet. In shot since this was alot of typing, was i having fun in the game? Well if i need to ask a question like that then i am obviously not having a fun time with the game."
,Recommended,230410,29429239,Posted: 22 January,all,WNxMatthewchen67,"For any new people considering this please read this.This game is great the people who are making negative review are either stuck in a state of nostalgia or are not thinking clearly about what has been happening.The first thing I saw was that people are saying that the game stinks now and that it needs to go back to it originally was or that it was implemented poorly or something. Well, if it was back to the way it was at release then the game would be incredibly boring it was literally built  as levels then boss almost no story at all. I have been with Warframe since release but stopped playing for like 1.5 years because it was too boring. When I returned there was actually a story that was interesting and got me back into the game. When people say it is implemented horribly I think people don't realise how the business world works when it comes to applications. In this day and age nothing is going to work completely on release programs are too big and complicated to test for everything. So when people get the game and see bugs then they complain without knowing the reason they just see it as ""Oh the devs slacked off ♥♥♥♥ them.""Second thing I am seeing is that the game is too grindy. Ok yeah I will give them that but if it wasnt grindy then everyone would have been done with the game in like a month or so. Then what would be the point and what would keep the player base playing the game? If you have everything in the game then why play? That is why the game is grindy. It is for longevity and so that you have something to aim for in the game. Also make some kind of challenge for yourself because this will actually make the game interesting instead of just trying to find something to do.Third thing, people are saying the devs are corrupt. Well they don't know what they are talking about if the devs were corrupt then why have huge updates and why promise the player base an update on a certain day then spend up until midnight making sure the game work well enough for people to play it? I am not saying that they always make the update on time. I have seen the promise of an update on a certain month then it happens like 4 or maybe even 6 months later. ....They do have other things you know? They still have to go find bugs and replicate them to see if it was just a one time thing or a common occurance then they have to go through the code to see where a bug is and fix it. Also they have to make sure certain weapons are not too overpowered or underpowered and test damage outputs for each weapon that people mention as such. This is easier said than done so keep that in mind. On top of all that they have to continue working on the update which takes time. Another thing about them being corrupt is people are mentioning that they are charging too much for this or that....who the ♥♥♥♥ is forcing you to buy it? That's right no one if it costs too much then don't but it..... Also keep in mind that this is still part of a company they have to make money or this game will be shut down. If a project in a company is losing money then why keep it?(Economics 101) So they have to make money fomr something if this game was competely free then it would have failed in the first month."
,Not Recommended,230410,29866610,Posted: 11 February,all,ProviderOfSouls,"I can't recommend this game to just anyone.There's a good game here. The mechanics are smooth and allow for fast gameplay. There's a lot of neat weapons and characters in this game that keep it pretty fresh and the combat is pretty fun. The game is updated a good amount so content is always surging from the devs.This can all be ruined by your view on grinding and sometimes absolutely horrible design in some quests. Most of your time in WARFRAME will be spent grinding to get the things you want unless you want to spend real life cash. And while there are quests and levels to progress the story and unlock things from those quests, I found myself being bored or just baffled by the design choices. I get it's a free to play game, but I can't overlook some of the flaws WARFRAME has. I do have fun with the game, but it's not something I can recommend to just anyone."
,Not Recommended,230410,29708712,Posted: 4 February,all,TheBasking,"Not as fun as it was when it was still new. It's a shame new players won't get to experience the good 'ole days of warframe when there weren't all these mod systems and syndicates and tenno powers in place. They took away from the appeal of the game in my opinion. Also this game became a huge huge grindfest. If you dont want to spend money on the game in any capacity, good luck getting the newest weapons."
,Not Recommended,230410,29905993,Posted: 13 February,all,Murlchal,"Despite its beauty, desingn and very, very fluent controls it has one fatal flaw. It offers 46 (for now) playable caracters, which are not so hard to abtain. But you have to pay for each one with real life money. And everywhere you search you will get the same exact answer: go find a rich kid and sell him all your stuff that you don't need. And that is the biggiest bullsh*t you will ever hear. Noone is goind to do it. There are no such ""rich kids"". But every human being desires full completion, and you can't do it without wasting your money on this otherwise perfect game. Even the gameplay, which is as repetetive as tilet paper, can be exiting and fresh if you know what to do, but the platinum bullsh*tery is the worst thing developers could possible include.DO NOT INSTALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSYANCES!!!"
,Recommended,230410,29552890,Posted: 28 January,all,Croatian Identitarian,"This game is just huge. Like, I've been playing for 17 hours and I still don't understand♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love scanning the enemies though, it's a pretty fun feature. Anyway, just try it. It's free and there's so much put into it, so you can't really make a mistake by playing it."
,Recommended,230410,29443698,Posted: 23 January,all,Arrrr.,???It's the Grineer.
,Recommended,230410,32851552,Posted: 27 June,all,Efu,Farming Simulator
,Recommended,230410,29741913,Posted: 6 February,all,「Duck」,How to play Warframe1 Farm2 Farm3 Farm4 Farm5 Farm6 Create7 Create8 Farm9 Farm10 Farm11 Create12 Create13 Wait14 Wait more15 Equip16 Rank up17 Rank up18 Farm19 Achieve billion days20 Quit21 Repeat
,Recommended,230410,29869678,Posted: 12 February,all,Tarico,"Time killing and a game worth it to play.Cool story and co-op system.No pay to win aspect unless you want to progress faster than normal.All items in the game can be earned through the game, only costemitcs etc. can only be bought.I would recommend it 10/10"
,Recommended,230410,17251962,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Suspiciuous,Почти всё ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ый донат.  А так игра намана.
,Not Recommended,230410,9464102,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,WOLFMULLER,THIS GAME GAVE ME CANCER
,Not Recommended,230410,29869969,Posted: 12 February,all,Just A Normal Cookie,Farming Simulator: Gore Edition
76561198131517381,Recommended,230410,29638708,Posted: 1 February,all,End My Sad Life,cool♥♥♥♥♥ninja robot killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ all you need to know.
,Not Recommended,230410,29540913,Posted: 28 January,all,shark tale,worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever
,Recommended,230410,29737795,Posted: 6 February,all,Shou,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,230410,29625866,Posted: 1 February,all,[DE]Mark // SoStronk.com,whta happen i open my id why no open whta problam
,Recommended,230410,29856735,Posted: 11 February,all,BEEFGAMINGX,When you have to buy a new keyboard because you use the E key so much.
,Recommended,230410,29879462,Posted: 12 February,all,Chop sasuey,"I unistalled this game probably like 3 times back then, now i know how this game works. :)"
,Recommended,230410,29790150,Posted: 8 February,all,Humid Hummus,I'm just here for the sweet space ninja dude butts
76561198104428831,Recommended,230410,29682895,Posted: 3 February,all,DeadNull!,"Amazing game, nice graphics, good weapons to use but i also have some complains.....First of all the maps, they are alll the same thing once you keep on playing everyday until you get bored. Second is weapons, i love the style and the swords but the problem is that there are very few good free weapons. Im not saying that everything should be for free im just saying that there should be more waepons for free and that the paid weapons could be more interesting! Anyway i hope everyone understands this."
76561198220163561,Recommended,230410,29531188,Posted: 27 January,all,Blue wolf,i love this game i never stop playing it ...........................ever WHAT YOU WAITING FOR AND FRICKING GET IT
76561198360519689,Recommended,230410,29859301,Posted: 11 February,all,branson.romatz,oml the best game idk why its free looks like it should be worth $60!!!!!!!!
76561198197267405,Recommended,230410,29881356,Posted: 12 February,all,gamerhater14,"LOVE IT, IT IS NOW MY SOAL!"
76561198291390264,Recommended,230410,29882040,Posted: 12 February,all,HeyItsRyanXx,Goood game like playing it on xbox one
76561198268451725,Recommended,230410,29702998,Posted: 4 February,all,BlackThunder,The best game i have ever played! It is soo addicting i can't stop playig it.
,Recommended,230410,30068609,Posted: 20 February,all,Ace,Meme
76561198286284684,Not Recommended,230410,30091438,Posted: 21 February,all,herooftime851,"This game, was great, I would like to love this game, but after the trauma I weant through I cant. for those of you reading this, dont install this game unless you plan to buy a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of in game currency or grind for hours on end to be able to abuse the system to the point where nothing can take a hit from you. If you dont wanna do that, then dont install this game. The mission ""Kepler"" on planet Phobos is evil and unbeatable. Screw this game. Its horrible and should be removed from the steam market entirely. ♥♥♥♥.THIS.GAME!"
,Recommended,230410,30036461,Posted: 19 February,all,Mattastic,Awesome game. Alot better than Destiny. 10/10
76561198094555620,Recommended,230410,29879303,Posted: 12 February,all,JuicyJovan,"Fantastic game. Very addictive and rewarding for completing higher tier events. But, some of the bosses like Vay Hek and Tyl are kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh. Don't feel like bosses just anoying pests."
,Recommended,230410,29701460,Posted: 4 February,all,ElectricShock27,this is pretty fun
,Recommended,230410,29820135,Posted: 10 February,all,Soverynn,Warframe is the best free to play MMO Out there to date !
,Not Recommended,230410,29913837,Posted: 13 February,all,Sinraiser,"Is there any other game that has as many glitches, bugs and lag than this?"
76561198075128798,Recommended,230410,29929057,Posted: 14 February,all,Boss Key Yachts,"Is the game perfect? Not really. It has a wonderful core game loop, tons of content, regular updates, a supportive and fun community and is really really addicting game.Technically free to play and you can achieve a lot, actually most everything, without spending a dime. Just a heads up, the more time you invest the more likely you'll spend money. Money spent willingly.DE isn't perfect, and don't get everything right, but they really created something special with this game."
,Recommended,230410,29882963,Posted: 12 February,all,Shū мÅιkσ,A great game that needs a good computer!
,Recommended,230410,29713986,Posted: 5 February,all,Powerblox99,its good but i couldnt join people
,Recommended,230410,29688000,Posted: 4 February,all,BerserkerThe4th,Once you get past the grind you'll encounter more grind but that's okay since you'll look good while doing it... right?
,Recommended,230410,30160769,Posted: 25 February,all,Chelsea,"Very borin, repetitive, involves grinding, everybody is trash but fun for cringing at"
,Recommended,230410,29866252,Posted: 11 February,all,SilverDude,This games is very good to play with friendsPros:Good graphics for the yeargood gameplayGood historyContras:i dont have friends :c
76561198011584735,Recommended,230410,29599024,Posted: 30 January,all,SpeedoCop,Farming Simulator 2017also f**king nitainalso f**king rivensalso f**kin def**k me i'm wasting my life
76561198019590981,Recommended,230410,29639455,Posted: 1 February,all,Dubstep_overwatch_Savage,Best game very detailed super good suggest you  download it soo good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(:
,Recommended,230410,29601144,Posted: 31 January,all,Mystoza,Best free game. You actually dont need to spend any penny to get to the end-game.
76561198036124076,Not Recommended,230410,29542476,Posted: 28 January,all,Jook,everyone just rushes to the end and ♥♥♥♥♥es for you to hurry while you try to find your way there.
76561198179039614,Not Recommended,230410,29789768,Posted: 8 February,all,dudgeonmole,"Lost a friend I knew for 5 years over this game because I said the words '' It's a good game, I just don't feel like putting a load of time into it. '' It's not the games fault, but it still brings up bad memories."
76561198340156716,Not Recommended,230410,29789989,Posted: 8 February,all,joe02184X2,i cant activeate my acount
,Recommended,230410,29500344,Posted: 26 January,all,Oakenshield,"This Game so excited, make me wanna play more hours. Jump, dodge, slide, and feel like ninja.many weapon that I can try.makes me curious with the story quest.and many more inside the game.for anyone haven't play this, you should play it now to know what it is feel."
76561198251989360,Recommended,230410,29501688,Posted: 26 January,all,Spood,i learnt a backflip from dis game 10/10
76561198170144673,Not Recommended,230410,29513797,Posted: 26 January,all,Level 2 Ham Fighter,"If I burned Warframe onto a CD and duct tape it to a skateboard, I would be known as THE grinding god.I can't even skateboard."
,Not Recommended,230410,29848442,Posted: 11 February,all,"Stop it, get some help","DE wants so bad to cater to the new players, but balances the entire game around veterans. Wouldn't recommend to anyone who hasn't already played."
76561198245751340,Recommended,230410,29792756,Posted: 8 February,all,Pandakills,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198128094628,Recommended,230410,29499522,Posted: 26 January,all,EJS,worth it!
76561198145067408,Recommended,230410,29661763,Posted: 2 February,all,Benhorn7,"Really fun and everything is free if you are patient and work hard enough, although I must say that you have to do some grinding to get material and such sometimes and the game can get on your nerves, but hey! thats how it is with quality games. So yeah, overall a really, really good game. Such quality, much fun."
,Recommended,230410,29443846,Posted: 23 January,all,chicken dinner,griiiindddd
76561198138193428,Recommended,230410,29424625,Posted: 22 January,all,[PG] Pacpanda,"Although often named Bugframe, this game has taken far more hours from me then i'd care to mention."
,Recommended,230410,29437295,Posted: 22 January,all,Garbrys #mad new sounds,"very nice amount of weapons (with a nice initiative for making the oldest usable again), regular updates of good quality with almost no drawbacks (except for a recent resource dilemma and some changes that annoy some players), good graphics, excellent gameplay, almost completely F2P. you can buy or craft most things, and the most exclusive stuff are usually cosmetics.i tend to mentally whine that this has not that much story, while the small amount that exists is very very high quality.then again, its all about grinding. and grinding. and grinding. combined with the above text, i can say this is a perfect time killer (or waster). at least until you hit the point when you have nothing else to do and have to find something else."
,Recommended,230410,29583719,Posted: 30 January,all,i dont sleep much,Really fun game with really decent developers. Can't believe it's free.You can aquire EVERYTHING from playing the game. Litterally everything.
,Recommended,230410,29643740,Posted: 1 February,all,Kreliho,"While money is not required for this game, it can get rather grindy if you're trying to not spend any. That said, if you like the gameplay then it's not an issue at all! Just by doing things I've found enjoyable I've avoided having to grind for many many items.Also a hoader's or completionist's paradise/hell!...back to compulsively collecting items..."
76561198029395136,Recommended,230410,30249205,Posted: 28 February,all,Bardcastle,Warframe is a game that aslong as your ok with farming for materials occasionally then youll love it.Also the game makes it so that farming isn't the most boring part of the game.I personally love to put on some music then play the game regularly.
,Recommended,230410,29426647,Posted: 22 January,all,✪ perseus,good game well played
,Recommended,230410,29710469,Posted: 4 February,all,ZERØ,this is very good game. :3
76561198062019829,Recommended,230410,29706008,Posted: 4 February,all,Nevborn890,it's a grindfest... but a great-made one.
,Recommended,230410,29709980,Posted: 4 February,all,Harjeon,This game gave me Autism
,Recommended,230410,29405906,Posted: 21 January,all,Anoose,Future robot ninjas.
,Recommended,230410,29574246,Posted: 29 January,all,★ＣＡＰＴＡＩＮ★,Best game. Would play forever. 10/10
,Recommended,230410,29548177,Posted: 28 January,all,Elmo Azul,"There's people here who haven't even played over 24 hours , i have almost 1500h now and counting , i've played this game since the start , since the first day of open beta almost 4 years ago ,yes i've played this game for 4 years and not a single day of regret , this is the Bohemian Rhapsody of Free2Play , you will not find a game like this one , either F2P or not."
,Recommended,230410,29705912,Posted: 4 February,all,Killin Commies For Mommy,I haven't played for very long but so far it seems to be pretty good.
,Not Recommended,230410,29437170,Posted: 22 January,all,ouhwel,"probably had close to 200 hours on xbox, switched over to pc and i now have 171 hours in this game. then they did what they aways do and RELEASED AN UPDATE THAT MADE ME LEAVE THE GAME. used to be, you did missions, earned void keys, went to the void. now it's.... i have no idea. the new system that replaced void keys pisses me off to no end and i don't have the patience for de to try and figure it out. you keep having good things, and then you go and taint them de. maybe i'll come back in a year, who knows. all i gotta say is, STOP CHANGING EVERYTHING."
76561197967715694,Recommended,230410,29733015,Posted: 5 February,all,timbort,"This game may be a grind after a while, but the gameplay and constant stream of content and interaction with the Devs make this absolutely the best (true) free to play experience out there.I have a hard time playing other games as the mechanics for warframe are so incredibly fun yet simple it's a shame other games are so vanilla."
,Recommended,230410,30122084,Posted: 23 February,all,Crazy GO.FADED.RO,Foarte fain ! :)
,Recommended,230410,29938004,Posted: 15 February,all,Pugredy the Priest,Gets boring after complete uninstallation.
,Recommended,230410,29912656,Posted: 13 February,all,postal,help
76561198012401935,Recommended,230410,29431129,Posted: 22 January,all,Vanimus,yes yes and yes!
76561198153758897,Recommended,230410,29526413,Posted: 27 January,all,Akira101,"Arguably the best free to play game I have played which is not pay to win. Almost everything (except steam tennogen skins to name a few) in game can earned via grinding. This include platinums/warframes/skins etc.  Developers are great and communicates information such as updates to players via devstream on a bi weekly basis.  Updates (including hotfixes) comes almost on a weekly basis. The game is still popular as of now and tends to have 30-40k players playing (excluding non-steam players). Lastly, this game can be for both hardcore and/or casual players who likes to take breaks like me. Recommended but FYI this game is a grind game though, which explains my hours."
76561198191129914,Recommended,230410,29529260,Posted: 27 January,all,APE,Fun untill You get bored of farming . .
76561198146142580,Recommended,230410,29434166,Posted: 22 January,all,GameLoverPerson,"First time making an account and trying to login didn't work. So then I made another account and ""apparently my loggin info is wrong even though I know it.Edit: It now works and I still recomend this game. It's amazing and I just had to wait a few days to get my IP unbanned. It is one of my favorite games to play so I totally recomend it."
,Not Recommended,230410,30120278,Posted: 23 February,all,Dan Glycerin,"THIS GAME IS A BIG, FAT, SMELLY, SHINY TURD.All better than Warframe:Belt-sander,Food disposal sink,Steamrolled,Boiled or burned alive(your pick),Chewing mouthful of broken glassAny form of tortureExample: Greek mythology- Prometheus being bound for eternity and his insides eaten and having them renewed later.***This is a RANT more than a REVIEW, so if you really care about my view of the current state of the game, then keep reading.***Here's for the folks that care why I don't recommend this.1) Devs have turned into a bunch of milk drinkers(greedy/money-grabbers)2) By word of mouth, Community is toxic and full of fanboys/girls who and white knights3) Digital Extremes(the developer) reinforce this toxicity by removing all who speak the ill truth of them*Note: Look up RevxDev on Youtube. He has made bunch of videos trying to do this because of an shady account ban.*4) All games have a grind. This is too much.*This is covered with shiny graphics, fast gameplay, and dazzling mechanics. You're better off putting your face on a belt-sander for a better grind.*5) No proper endgame. Enemy scaling is terrible- they become damage sponges at higher levels.6) DE owns your account, so no matter how much money you throw at them, once you do something wrong, they can just cut that string that binds you to them.For a game to be out for at least 3 years, things are bound to go downhill. Let me be straightforward with you. Don't let my hours played fool you. Ive played this game enough and seen all the changes this game has made almost from the start. I should have stopped playing the first few hours I played because I wasnt having any fun at all. It wasnt until a veteran player pretty much showed me cheesing for the first time because the let me leech Exp that I had motivation to play simply because I wanted to be just like that guy who helped me. At this point, my view on this game is this: a snowball rolling downhill, that is actually a turd where is just a pile of crap that DE keeps rolling down that hill. This is no ordinary turd ball you find from a dung beetle. No, this is plated with gold and labeled ""Prime"". Each hotfix/patch/update DE comes out with just makes it 1 more GB to download for new players, and it is painful to wait through with a slow connection. When I speak of things ""Prime"" I mean that most of these items are much better than the original item with slight stat changes. Also, everytime they come out with a new set,  only ONE item of 3-4 are worth using and the rest is to raise your Mastery Rank which is your player level. And this Mastery Rank is mostly irrelevant to 98% of the game. The other 2% is that all weapons are locked behind this. Sadly, you can't use these weapons efficiently if you dont have any or the right mods to make a build for it, which is another thing too grind for. Man, I could go on for a lot more things, but this has become nitpicking. The final thing I want to say is this: Most developers will come out with an update with NEW things rather than putting time to fix the old and broken things simply because of making money. I simply wanted them to improve the current game instead of creating more content which brings more bugs to fix. If youve read this far and you're someone who's been paying attention to all the things hapenning the past 1-2 years, you can definitely see that it is waning. It definitely won't become irrelevant because it is a F2P title."
,Not Recommended,230410,29811070,Posted: 9 February,all,catspaws,Too much grind
,Not Recommended,230410,30133490,Posted: 23 February,all,Ra!ku ®,Was fun before Specters of the Rail update...
76561198148918170,Recommended,230410,30032892,Posted: 19 February,all,Sally man,Waste of time but its ok
76561198067564443,Recommended,230410,29809244,Posted: 9 February,all,airnicco,After the last big update where they killed Draco I stopped playing. It basically just became farming for♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't have so you could craft♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't need so you could impress clan mates you hate. But I played to much not to recommend it.
,Recommended,230410,29510838,Posted: 26 January,all,TitanMini,good game
,Recommended,230410,29521569,Posted: 27 January,all,BerZerk csgobig.com,"A FPS CO-OP game with a ton of content, what more do you want?"
,Not Recommended,230410,30151145,Posted: 24 February,all,Tadas,Was a good/grindy(not in a bad way) game before the void 2.0 rework with that nonsense fissure system/relics.Endgame is now running lvl 5 missions which the odd sortie/alert.The direction DE is heading is making items become worthless and building strong characters for missions which actually scale not needed anymore.Endless missions - waste of time.
,Recommended,230410,29491820,Posted: 25 January,all,Coffee Cup,Probably the best F2P game out there.
76561198033734047,Not Recommended,230410,29519611,Posted: 27 January,all,Plastik,"If you're asking yourself if this game might be fun to you and worth your time, simply look up topics about the recently introduced Hema for answers. You'll have to decide for yourself. Personally I have finally found my answer."
,Recommended,230410,29639577,Posted: 1 February,all,NESCΔFÈ,"Dont waste 30 bucks on farming simulator 2017, when you can get it here for free"
,Recommended,230410,29423442,Posted: 22 January,all,,26 million losers / 10
,Not Recommended,230410,29538668,Posted: 28 January,all,Jaydos,"the game was fun but ever since they got rid of the void i lost motivation to play, i know they are just  adding new content but i dont like the new void system"
76561198057541481,Recommended,230410,29721786,Posted: 5 February,all,Goof,Best anime
,Not Recommended,230410,29420614,Posted: 22 January,all,scully,"It is very rare when I pick up a game and go, ""Wow, this is really, really boring."""
76561198201983857,Recommended,230410,29968099,Posted: 16 February,all,esketit,grind
,Not Recommended,230410,29815693,Posted: 9 February,all,Misilze,Fun up until you spend hours and hours grinding
76561198206173077,Not Recommended,230410,29814632,Posted: 9 February,all,BubblegumGhost,"So, this games USED to be good, then they stopped optimizning it and focusing on therebug issues. I'v lost 200,000 credits becasue of a glitch with the index missions. (friend lost 400,000). then CANNOT JOIN ANY MULTIPLAYER GROUPS unless im hosting or solo. IMMIDIATE HOST MIGRATION and back to your ship. From what i'v seen this issue persists from 2014 until now and has still not been fixed. (yes iv tried suggested things to fix it) Been stuck in many walls and more than once has /unstuck not worked... im just not happy with its current status . I'm just done.... and all these nitain extracts are annoying to get but understadable, not really complaining about that just worth mentioning, i personally dont like it.(sorry for spelling mistakes, im a college student whos failing english :P)FIX YOUR ISSUES WARFRAME BEFORE ADDING NEW CONTENT."
76561198144558401,Recommended,230410,29988544,Posted: 17 February,all,Matori,good game for bored people
,Recommended,230410,29991850,Posted: 17 February,all,zaptusXcrit,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198129578571,Recommended,230410,29606411,Posted: 31 January,all,McJeaper,Its the best game ever.I just cant stop to playXDDDD
,Not Recommended,230410,29473197,Posted: 24 January,all,HeWhosKnownAsIAm,"Numerous bugs during missions that cause you to lose everything you found.P2W market with equipment mechanics that make acquiring things without real money objectivly worse than without (Get item instantly vs farm for a day then allow item to craft for up to 72 hours).Currency used by players IS the premium real money, so not only does paying money get you the character and weapons you want, but allows you to buy everything else that cant be found in the market.To make the premium currency more appealing, playing the game without it causes you to constantly run into the kinds of timers you see in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile games. Want a new warframe? At very minium (assuming you make all base componants at the same time and instantly craft the warframe when they are done) takes 84 hours. New weapon? 12-24 hours. Why? Literally no reason other than ""Putting up arbitrary walls to block player progress then selling the solution makes lots of money"".Its not a bad game, infact its pretty fun. The gunplay is solid and skill based movement speed is great to see in shooters again. But the positives do not outweigh the negatives. This game is build from the ground up to make you pay money or pay by spending every second of your free time playing. I dont take issue with a game selling cosmetics or boosters to help pay for a F2P game, what I do take issue with is being forced to wait 3 full days before I can get something I spent the past week farming the materials for and seeing a little button at the bottom of the crafting window saying to me ""Hey, if you get 50 fun bucks you can instantly get the item you want. Dont think about the fact that the crafting timers are only there so I can literally sell you your free time. Just think about how its only a buck to not wait 3 ♥♥♥♥ing days"".I could put up with these terrible game mechanics if I didnt regularly get screwed out of blueprints, materials, and money on missions when they bug out and lock themselves. If you're going to make me wait days tell you allow me to use something I crafted, dont remove about 10% of all the progress and item gathering I do with your horrible netcode and buggy missions that are only slightly more stable than an open world Bethesda game.This game does not respect your time, therefore it doesnt deserve it either."
,Not Recommended,230410,29862510,Posted: 11 February,all,EsiKarkas,Digital Extremes ♥♥♥♥ You and ♥♥♥♥ your Launcher Updater ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥50kb Speed Download
,Recommended,230410,30248245,Posted: 28 February,all,Gibby,"Had this game on the Xbox and enjoyed it , love it more on the PC though :)"
,Recommended,230410,29700679,Posted: 4 February,all,Sly Elliot,"If you're a fan of MMO's, but not a fan of the generic fantasy setting and monotonous fetch and kill quests (I'm looking at you WoW) then Warframe might be your game.You have to be a major fan of the grind in order to truly enjoy this game. No matter how hard the grind gets though, you're always having fun and feeling like a badass because at its core, the gameplay is just fun. Warframe will have you feeling like a true space ninja right off the bat, with its fast paced third person shoot-em-up and hack-n-slash action.Warframe is Digital Extremes' swan song. This is the game that has been in their dreams since as far back as 2005, and it shows. There's just so much love and support put into this game from the developers and they truly are devoted to making this game the best that it can be. There were so many times playing this game where ITHOUGHTI had experienced everything the game had to offer and then all of a sudden there would be this new level, gametype, enemy, feature, or whatever and it would blow my mind that there was just this much content in the game for free.Pros:Free to play, and you never have to pay a cent to progress, as long as you're patient.TONS of depth and contentReally fun gameplay that not even your ADD can resist.Super fun with friendsThe game is pretty much never frustrating, but there's definitely tons of challenge for those seeking it.PvE is the main focus.Interesting and fresh form of progression system and gearing.The newer quests are extremely fun and exciting, breathing more life into an already vibrant gameplay experience.Cons:A lot of waiting around for items to finish building. If you don't pay money for platnium, you'll have to wait several days for larger items to finish building, as well as adding rooms onto your clan Dojo.The story and lore really take a backseat and aren't that interesting to me.PvP and other game modes just don't have a lot of effect on the main game so there's not many reasons to venture into the other game modes. This is unfortunate because those modes are actually all fun, but underpopulated it seems.Pretty steep learning curve when you are starting out. It's good to get help from a more experienced player and have them show you the ropes. There's a lot to learn in this complex game.I love this game and truly recommend it to people that love a grind and have the patience for it. The game is super rewarding and fun and I really havn't played a game quite like Warframe in all my years. The only true currency in this game is blood, sweat, and tears. I suggest trying it out, it's free, what's the worst that can happen?"
,Not Recommended,230410,29727585,Posted: 5 February,all,Nancok,"I dont really know what to think about the game it is amazing in gameplay and graphics are ok but everything else doesnt seems nice enough and requiring players to trade for premium currency in order to acquire basic things like slots to OWN weapons or classes doesnt lets me give this game a good tought, if you are used to this kind of paywalls you will surely enjoy it.oh, seems like the game is really unbalanced as well, you'll have to suck it up as well if you want to play (don't even bother with PVP, the p2w is real there)"
,Not Recommended,230410,29619552,Posted: 31 January,all,killingerk,the worst game ever FU EquinoxFlame
76561198035741947,Not Recommended,230410,29576282,Posted: 29 January,all,Lotus ⛧ Eater,"Worlds most grinding game of grinding on grinding.Creators are just swimming in the cash they get from their leechy grinding banbase and have lost all of their original players before the last few updates.Game is most likely going to die in two years or less when they fianlly decide to make people fully pay for basic missions and what-not.At least the porn and fatframes on tumblr, /trash/, and /d/ are 10/10."
76561198115088572,Not Recommended,230410,29545314,Posted: 28 January,all,Maple leaf,Good Game but crashes too muchdont recommend if you dont have a good computer
,Not Recommended,230410,29578969,Posted: 29 January,all,Giuseppe,big boring grind :/
76561198104173948,Not Recommended,230410,29422411,Posted: 22 January,all,Diddy Dawg,"-Play the game-Get Hyped-Craft cool stuff-Advance on other planets-Do this again ,,,,-And Again....-Realise that you've got yourself into a perma-grindfest-Survive-Fail life-Question Humanity-Kys"
,Not Recommended,230410,29802257,Posted: 9 February,all,mksi,"Suxes :-Grinds for new item, needs to wait 24 hours to get it, or you can pay money.-Downloads 23GB at 3.5-4mb/s, APPARENTLY THERES 400MB MORE, AT 100KB/S.-had to leave it on for HOURS to download lmfao"
,Not Recommended,230410,29802323,Posted: 9 February,all,Fatdick,Only good thing is the story and lore
,Recommended,230410,11310297,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Surg3on-Kash,Way more fun than I was expecting and best enjoyed in small doses (which is perfect for a parent like me). Give it a go for free .Actually free. You really dont have to spend cash if you don't want to! It's a PvE game so the community is nice too.Don't bother reading online reviews of this game as they are all quite old and out of date. Latest update makes the initial user experience a lot better.
76561198090369973,Recommended,230410,29412718,Posted: 21 January,all,Captain North Korea,It's okay so far
,Not Recommended,230410,29924446,Posted: 14 February,all,Suryansh9,gud game. too much grind.toooo big updates and♥♥♥♥♥♥ not my cup of tea.
,Recommended,230410,29447712,Posted: 23 January,all,Suck man,Nice game
76561198032114222,Not Recommended,230410,29453605,Posted: 23 January,all,John Malkovich,"I've tried a few times to get why is this garbage so popular. I can't get it, because for me it feels like a very boring lifeless game there is no any sense except loot. The enemies are so dumb that I'm boring to shoot them, they don't feel to me like enemies or something alive, they seem as a terminal which you have to shoot to get some loot. For example, ""Borderland"" is a pretty fun game, there are jokes, humor, interesting characters, enemies and locations, good to spend some time, even to beat the game for two times with different characters. But ""Warframe"" looks like a dumb, empty place to keep my attention. What is it, visuals, level design, physics, sounds, melee mechanics, shooting mechanics, enemy A.I. or what, where those things that make this game worth so much time. Everything looks lazy and cheap, what are real things where the game shines?  Maybe kids like it, such ninja-styled characters (that look like the same unrecognizable mess)? I don't know."
76561198240139040,Not Recommended,230410,29526838,Posted: 27 January,all,SmilexD,its horrible takes a year to download
,Not Recommended,230410,29911245,Posted: 13 February,all,Mastelia,"Mastery LVL 8 is the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing test of jumping, never in a map have i had to use that ""skill"". Dumb grind game."
,Recommended,230410,29746356,Posted: 6 February,all,Hammerfallrex,"Amazing game, love it to bits"
,Recommended,230410,29400824,Posted: 21 January,all,AstroShark,"Amazing game if you are bored and dont have money for other games,only thing you need is a good playlist and friends....Warframe gets better when you get weapons and other warframes"
,Not Recommended,230410,29637642,Posted: 1 February,all,Infamous player,Only because conclave is unfair and DE makes averages noobs like me play it for good rewards
,Not Recommended,230410,30063737,Posted: 20 February,all,Asgoth,Farm. Grind. Farm. Repeat.Great gameplay and graphics - awful 'freemium' model. Wasted potential :(
,Recommended,230410,29449553,Posted: 23 January,all,Scias,Don't have anything to play? Give this a try
,Recommended,230410,30117728,Posted: 23 February,all,Librariasaurus,"THis was the first game I played on Steam. Amazing visuals, Great story. Really enjoying it."
,Recommended,230410,30247929,Posted: 28 February,all,d0m hellcase.com,"Great game, you must play this game. One of the bust RPGS I've ever played."
76561198175083302,Not Recommended,230410,29535555,Posted: 27 January,all,Zero the brit,"i cant know if warframe is a good game since i cant even get to the tutorial , so i downloaded the launcher but now i cant get to the connection screeni dont think power is a problem since i have an omen (8ram, nvidia gtx 960, and intel core 5)if you have an answer please replyil recommende it when i can play it"
,Not Recommended,230410,29711001,Posted: 4 February,all,Owltaku gamblershelp.com.au,5 hours of loading plus download I need a refund of 0 dollars
,Recommended,230410,30185364,Posted: 25 February,all,dinorice,It's getting a huge open world expansion.And it will remainfree
,Not Recommended,230410,29731376,Posted: 5 February,all,Otoshigami-sama,"Repetitive, fast bored but nice graphic."
,Recommended,230410,30189502,Posted: 26 February,all,✪ FireTornado// CSGO500,graphics & the game itself.. <3
,Not Recommended,230410,29726185,Posted: 5 February,all,Dad,"Want to waste a couple hundred gigs?Try download this game...oh, and when you do eventually get to play it - then what the other guys said: prepare for an endless grind."
,Recommended,230410,13870702,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,breakthehabit,"Take however many hours I've played on Steam and add at least 100 hours. I played this game on it's standalone launcher for about a year but now I use Steam because I got more games, yayy.Anyway, this game is great. I could start a very long list of pros and a teeny tiny list of cons but I'm too lazy to do that, so just get this game. You won't regret it. #greedyMilk #hireMeOGreatDevs 999/10"
,Not Recommended,230410,30191703,Posted: 26 February,all,ATAN,"I didn't even F***KING get to play this game! Installed it on the right way and even followed the instructions to install it accordingly! Reinstalled and still nothing happens, requirements to play this game are met yet it still doesn't work. Never had the chance to check the game and installation sucks!"
,Recommended,230410,30109744,Posted: 22 February,all,Jiang Zemin,best game ever
,Recommended,230410,23926389,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Peco | hellcase.com,see fute in curporn
,Recommended,230410,8645301,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ytrewQ,Нанананна
76561198049569614,Recommended,230410,30070388,Posted: 20 February,all,Mike,"To- Digital Extremes,You may have taken my wallet and my girlfriend, but there is one thing a Teno always keeps..... HIS PRIMES!!!!!!!I didn't chose the Prime acess life, the Prime life chose me.-----------------------Seriously, great game, decent devs. You are a space ninja thats all you need to know."
76561198257986476,Recommended,230410,29421800,Posted: 22 January,all,samirocky31,Very good game
76561198267636193,Recommended,230410,29746996,Posted: 6 February,all,Bullseye199,"i cant play it, when i download it it says the warframe blocked a file. can u help me i love this game"
,Recommended,230410,29551195,Posted: 28 January,all,Jizz Khalifa chaturbate.com,ist wie Mass Effectohne Abwechslungund Storyund rpg
,Recommended,230410,30236193,Posted: 28 February,all,DovahKunt_,"Warframe is an outstanding game what aim's to please the public with its good graphics immersive storyline and a huge variety of weapons to choose from, no tenno is one in the same with this game."
76561198295206449,Recommended,230410,29506782,Posted: 26 January,all,MaVe,The Game is really really good. And what I like it's price. FREE.
,Recommended,230410,29909183,Posted: 13 February,all,Synk1337,The best f2p game i've played. If you like farm.
76561198277564989,Recommended,230410,29419980,Posted: 22 January,all,ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION,me like game :)
,Recommended,230410,29546379,Posted: 28 January,all,DanTheMan11,The best f2p games i've played since tf2
76561198280534652,Recommended,230410,29789351,Posted: 8 February,all,oh shit,NINJAS PLAY FREE.They actually do. 10/10
76561198259995927,Recommended,230410,29402587,Posted: 21 January,all,0o0Fiw0o0,ดีงามดีงาม
,Not Recommended,230410,30183666,Posted: 25 February,all,Maddoxxx,GARBAGE
76561198178705078,Recommended,230410,29643605,Posted: 1 February,all,Jades,Good and fun game
76561198019335038,Not Recommended,230410,30240638,Posted: 28 February,all,grayfox~mk1,yah no yall can eat my shorts  ..... goo game♥♥♥♥♥♥dev's out of blue trying to log in says to many failed login atempts please try again later  its been 12 ♥♥♥♥ing days ..... ya no♥♥♥♥♥♥you and yer damn space robot ninja aids
,Recommended,230410,29920481,Posted: 14 February,all,WishkeyMick,Nice action game bruh
,Recommended,230410,29966252,Posted: 16 February,all,Babayaga,Nice game
,Recommended,230410,29414825,Posted: 21 January,all,IamtradingawayallofmystuffXD,I rate it 11 out of tenno XD
,Not Recommended,230410,29767066,Posted: 7 February,all,Auntie Diptheria,Totally worthless. Stop protecting my account from me you ♥♥♥♥ing morons and have working support.
,Recommended,230410,29689208,Posted: 4 February,all,Yellou,its good
,Recommended,230410,29966722,Posted: 16 February,all,WalDoonalld,Playing over 3 years still Nice :)
76561198353513965,Recommended,230410,29856642,Posted: 11 February,all,LABBreton,"Fun For A New Type of Game, Gets Annoying Though, Pay To Win..."
,Not Recommended,230410,29646445,Posted: 2 February,all,LeviTheMetalGuy,I had no idea what the♥♥♥♥♥♥was going on. Then it told me to buy things.
76561198276383137,Not Recommended,230410,29494520,Posted: 25 January,all,danielidal15,fix my ♥♥♥♥ing game..... its been months.....my gmaes not updating.....i spent money on this game.....damn...fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥....ever since the war update....my account is danielslayer..........i want to play or i want my money
,Recommended,230410,29494691,Posted: 25 January,all,ZedRiot,"Pay no attention to the people who call this game ""extremely grindy"", etc. If you know what you're doing and have fun doing it then ""grind"" is never an issue, except in a few rare cases.Do your research (on the wikia for example) where to get the things you need and you're fine. I've been with the game for a long time, before it came to steam, and I still enjoy it as one of my top favorite games.The only thing you'll ever really feel compelled to spend money on in game is inventory space, which is honestly lacking by default considering the number of warframes and weapons, but it's not that expensive, and isn't entirely necessary."
76561198213308852,Recommended,230410,29536301,Posted: 28 January,all,[ ],i hate failed login issues
11010001010101010,Recommended,230410,29409548,Posted: 21 January,all,onceUgoBlackUneverGoback,Good game but the devs hate the fans
76561198256824317,Recommended,230410,29733249,Posted: 5 February,all,[YANKED] Hipzee hellcase.com,"This is an Awesome game. love to play it with my friends and i love how you can build weapons. There are so many things that you can do from simple farming to void missions, The best part i think about this game is that it is a big multiplayer base game. All the way from making friends to trading and battling each other. the possibility are endless. "" Join the game and come play with me :D ""."
,Recommended,230410,29731827,Posted: 5 February,all,Drake Is A Big Dumb Head,pretty good
,Recommended,230410,29732616,Posted: 5 February,all,Sweater Puppy,"If you don't mind a grind, it's a good game with enjoyable stories to tell, some interesting characters and space cats. I really want a space cat. Also I want to watch the world burn. I can do both in Warframe."
,Recommended,230410,29994856,Posted: 17 February,all,Perk,10/10 i love this game 10000000%
76561198329397926,Recommended,230410,29790903,Posted: 8 February,all,Walter H. White,"if u like grinding games, this game is perfect :D"
,Recommended,230410,29884741,Posted: 12 February,all,Honker,"I have only recently started Warframe again, and I thouroughly enjoy the changes they've made to the game.The only thing I dislike is that I've referred a few friends to the game, before knowing about the warframe referral system!That's my fault, I know, but if anyone sees this and wants to give the game a try, perhaps use my link? That way you get an experience boost for the first seven days! :D""https://warframe.com/signup?referrerId=5289a57d1a4d80140c000028"""
,Not Recommended,230410,29864756,Posted: 11 February,all,turnip.,hackers everywhere lol
,Recommended,230410,29744622,Posted: 6 February,all,CPTpurrfect,I could probably write three pages about this game and why I love it and like playing it so much. But on the other hand my playtime should tell you everything you need to know.
76561198271993519,Recommended,230410,29667786,Posted: 3 February,all,Kyle,"Great game, but it must allow trading with credits, allow you to earn platinum and buy more items with credits"
,Recommended,230410,29409612,Posted: 21 January,all,CanA3dAn,An amazing game if you wish for fast-paced and various forms of mobility with many varieties that fits your playstyle.
76561198295342562,Not Recommended,230410,29956635,Posted: 15 February,all,RYM,"how ever, i love this game, but i have littlebit the problem in this game. Slow Kbps everytime to upgrade, stuck in checking for new content, can u fix it, PLS !!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,230410,29472239,Posted: 24 January,all,Merkk,Grind.
76561198328666518,Recommended,230410,29472252,Posted: 24 January,all,Sir Healer,Great game just great until you get everything in the game and i havent SO STILL FUN
76561198155667440,Recommended,230410,29903493,Posted: 13 February,all,J,1 day download
76561198152580442,Recommended,230410,29909822,Posted: 13 February,all,supergunbot,you are a space ninja but to get stuff you must grind like crazy
,Recommended,230410,29448725,Posted: 23 January,all,Cdmusic101,tis be fun
76561198120385456,Recommended,230410,29472608,Posted: 24 January,all,theamazingandy,"Warframe warframe warframe warframe. Warframe? WARFRAME.Sincerely,Warframe."
76561198148654069,Recommended,230410,29909132,Posted: 13 February,all,Xandertron,Basicly your genji on steroids. You have lots of fun with space jetpacks and the customization is awesome! get this game
76561197993790594,Recommended,230410,29909664,Posted: 13 February,all,Ding Dong Wing Wang,"Warframe is a game packed with gore and fast paced action. It's played in third person as a Tenno which in the furture of space travel are known to be ninjas. These assassins have unique skills and movements according to the mods they have installed in their suits and weapons. After playing this game for about 100 hours I realized that even when knowing where to go and what to do you are still expected to be agile and skillful in everything you do in order to complete missions. A game of this caliber is not for the feint of heart. Dismemberments are often and the life of a tenno is sometimes cut short to incoming rockets or shadow assassins. The boss fights make this game quite memorable and hunted. If you were looking to pour in atleast 200$ into some of the packs and checking the trade chat regularly for cheap prices you will get all the end game items in no time. Even though you might have all the end game items does not mean you are prepared for the endless hordes of enemy corpus, grineer and infested."
76561198195156913,Recommended,230410,30065160,Posted: 20 February,all,Thick Af,"not only is this game free, but its graphics and the way it plays is so smooth and beautiful. I've had it for barely 10 hours and I've upgraded all of weapons to lvl 15 with all of the upgrade slots filled. Its that addicting. 4.5 star rating."
76561198037805887,Recommended,230410,29472807,Posted: 24 January,all,Mith,Grindy but fun MMO
,Recommended,230410,29903929,Posted: 13 February,all,TankBuster10133,This game is totally badass i would recommend this to everyone!
76561198082242050,Recommended,230410,29605958,Posted: 31 January,all,f0x1l,"Still like the game.It gets boring sometimes, butYou know 350+ hours on record :D"
,Recommended,230410,29608279,Posted: 31 January,all,[RK] Nero,"Good game, like the constant updates."
,Recommended,230410,30007906,Posted: 18 February,all,Arrow to the knee,"this is a good game, it is a mixture of stealth and shooter... and the best part is im a ninja allowing me to play free"
76561198047698309,Recommended,230410,30008814,Posted: 18 February,all,Artem,"Played it a bit, it's fine"
76561198280787441,Recommended,230410,30008954,Posted: 18 February,all,3183CtHuLhU3813,gg wp
76561198126553609,Recommended,230410,29800817,Posted: 9 February,all,Cara King Of No Kill,My fav game! Hope there will be a OSX version
,Recommended,230410,29690582,Posted: 4 February,all,Torquila,"So many potatoes, like a dark matter potato and an infected potato?( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Go download it, i'm stealing your starter potatoes if not. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198327612057,Recommended,230410,30002634,Posted: 17 February,all,Drawingbook,gg
,Recommended,230410,30247415,Posted: 28 February,all,bumbleb0ss,Grindy but a good value for no pay requirment. they charge plat for everything but you can forgo that for regular after work grinding. if your a consistant player you can get burrned out but if you just play it a couple hours after work your really getting the best experiance possiblealso money paid currency is attainable by trading in game as well. so you can farm rares and trade for it as apposed to buying it.honestly you have nothing to lose the gameplay is fun the comunity is helpful and the story is ever developing.i reccomend you try if your looking for a co-op focused f2p with a decent player base.
76561198356284141,Recommended,230410,30000538,Posted: 17 February,all,_The.REEL.Bill_,♥♥♥♥ in my pants
,Recommended,230410,29513432,Posted: 26 January,all,m4gnum,This game is very addicting and fun. Besides the occasional lag the game met everyone of my expectations.
76561198277490023,Recommended,230410,29999939,Posted: 17 February,all,Reily Reid,it is a very good game all you need is time that's all :)
,Recommended,230410,29512537,Posted: 26 January,all,Sway Spoolin | Slanted,"Great game! very smooth movement imo, the combat feels nice as well. the graphics in this game are amazing if you ask me but if you dont enjoy farming or having to wait for items to be done being built, i wouldnt even invest the time, somtimes depending on what youre building, it could take a few days for it to finish. but i mean you can overlook that very easily if you enjoy the gameplay as much as i do, the companions you can get are a very nice touch as well, i mean who wouldnt want a dog that could turn both of you invisible when an enemy is near, all the different weapons, types of frames and companions make your options for different routes limitless, stealth or tank, you choose and it can be done, have fun and good luck! i havent played this game in a while so id check out other reviews for more up date dates and detailed reviews but i hope this helps a little bit."
76561198104581301,Recommended,230410,29547961,Posted: 28 January,all,RapidFireToaster,"-Well i'll probably edit this as i get to play the game more... hopefully.I like the combat system and the fact that i get to play with some of my friends which is really neat because i'm all into that co-op experience be it with an online stranger or someone from my friend list.-The problems i find with this game is that you won't do much in harder missions unless you forma your weapons and warframes which will take forever to level up now that a certain mission is gone. I do not hate them for doing so but grinding all the gear and experience becomes tedious to the point where i can't bring myself to wait, but those things aside i have something else to add.-The biggest and most major issue for me was the port problem a.k.a ""Please allow this and that port into firewall"" and well i tried port-forwarding, filtering, allowing in firewall, turning my internet on and off...i tried every solution there was and yet there was no fix which stopped me from playing with my friends and them seeing me online(And yes i allowed the ports in inbound and outbound rules in case you were wondering).-All in all, weapons and frames and some other things themselves are one of the most interesting things you can have fun with in the game but acquiring them is just a pain in my ***, also this game is badly optimized for some of the pc's and internets but since majority of the players don't complain about it DE doesn't feel obliged to fix it which meansthey obviously neglect the minority of the player base and i think every player should enjoy the game not only the oneswhich believe Warframe is an Utopia with no downsides.-I could go on about ups and downs of this game but i do believe it has yet to be worked upon.... A LOT ! ! !"
76561198134535890,Recommended,230410,29546538,Posted: 28 January,all,GirlGamer147,One of my favourite games ! The different things you can do in it makes it unique compared to other games. I wish it could be less pay-to-access-stuff though.
76561198117782715,Recommended,230410,29407015,Posted: 21 January,all,Adyrias,"I've been seeing quite some negative reviews, so here's a positive one.I started playing Warframe on and off 2 years ago, and I have been having a lot of fun with it.After a bit of a break, I rejoined just as the Prime vault closed again (my timing sucks, I know) I've been actively doing missions and quests, and getting myself a badass new Kubrow (and those could use an update, but that's another story).To finish this review off, before I go off track too much.This game is great, it looks good, it's fast paced and you can get most premium stuff for free.I honestly recommend it to everyone.If you want to spend money on this game, I recommend doing it on fashion stuff (which this game has quite a bit of).Cheers,IGN: Bronze Tenno: Runias"
,Recommended,230410,29548143,Posted: 28 January,all,Z0RO__,has excellent graphics and is a well optimized game
76561198156072582,Recommended,230410,29706335,Posted: 4 February,all,Chris Hansen,"Beyond solid game, although a repetitive one."
,Recommended,230410,29707607,Posted: 4 February,all,egshadovia,yep
76561198349322767,Recommended,230410,29711110,Posted: 4 February,all,Senpai Evolution,"Overall this game is great. This game has some of the most fun combat i've ever experienced in a shooter. smooth controls that allow combat to flow smoothly. The amount of diffrent weapons and frames keep this game fun and interestering for many hours, getting a new Cyro gun or crazy whip with a tazer on the end keeps the game interestering. The only problem  Is that this game is extremely grindy, while I and others may like the grind to get the best weapons in the game others will find it hinders the game greatly. The story is interestering and mysterious, and the additions of amazing cutscenes is greatly appreciated, the story is easy to follow along to and lends itself greatly to the overall feeling of the game.At first you will think this game is pay to win but its not. It's just pay to speed things up. EVERYTHING (Aside from cosmetics) is available to get, you just have to grind to get it.Pros--Total time killer-Great story with well made cutscenes-Awesome Warframes and weapons to keep the game interestering-Very smooth gameplay/gunplay-Very pretty visuals-Well optimised for bad PC's-Overall fun for many hours.-Cutting enemies in half with a Plasma sword is AWESOME.Cons--Extremely grindy.Everything about this game is fun, and visuals will have you looking around to see the awesome worlds and their creatures.This game is also reallly well optimised for low end PC's and even on max settings i still run over 100fps, Animations are plentiful and do not cause the game any problems."
,Recommended,230410,29709008,Posted: 4 February,all,THE FLASH,+rep all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deserve death
76561198102132613,Recommended,230410,29471989,Posted: 24 January,all,煙の鷹 ⸎ Hawk,Fact 1: Money makes this game easier.Fact 2: Conclave is almost always empty.Fact 3: You WILL have a few people try and scam you.Fact 4: Slots are more useful than cosmetics.Fact 5: Game is more fun with friends.Fact 6: Excalibur Prime is probably never going to be available ever again.Fact 7: Stalker is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that tends to hunt you while you're leveling something.Fact 8: Rhino does have a horn. (look a bit lower)
,Recommended,230410,29938931,Posted: 15 February,all,TP-Linx skinhub.com,"This game is amazing, but I think they can improve/add more to the story."
,Recommended,230410,29939090,Posted: 15 February,all,DanNepZen,i like Warfame i like it alot but... one thing that might be hard to do in Warframe thers not much players ther so its quite hard for some people but i still like the game so i recomend this
76561198323306368,Recommended,230410,29837047,Posted: 10 February,all,ShadowReaper,Good Game love it lol
,Recommended,230410,29848103,Posted: 11 February,all,Alucard,this game is nice how ever this is so difficult to control secially for beginners
,Recommended,230410,29855090,Posted: 11 February,all,✪ sYNNΞX,Awesome and fun game.
76561198244164454,Recommended,230410,29830926,Posted: 10 February,all,VAHAnima,"I recommend his game, as good relax betwen study."
,Recommended,230410,29847992,Posted: 11 February,all,Mr.Brock,Yes get it. vere nice game
76561198300166125,Recommended,230410,29465402,Posted: 24 January,all,Today is a beautiful day,it's like Farming Simulator with a lot of weapons and Power suitsand in space
,Recommended,230410,29832235,Posted: 10 February,all,Sairaphis,"There's always something to do in the game, and it never feels like you have to spend money."
,Recommended,230410,29832474,Posted: 10 February,all,______________________________,‌
76561198121180301,Recommended,230410,29839394,Posted: 10 February,all,Fox,"This game is just like destiny,But FREE! I really recommend playing this game with your frineds.  You dont even need a good laptop."
,Recommended,230410,29852751,Posted: 11 February,all,* Viljamas III *,"Awsome Action game, nice missions and mostly i love Melee combat!!!"
76561198076230721,Recommended,230410,29836520,Posted: 10 February,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,matt add me my man
76561198146244343,Recommended,230410,29841232,Posted: 10 February,all,Lawr2Bwio|CSGOLIVE.COM,IM A HOOVY AND I LIKE IT !
76561198218210467,Recommended,230410,29845906,Posted: 11 February,all,Sirfol,"I have almost 1400 hours in this game so i can write something.1) This game is truly F2P, But it demand's your time and your playtime agaist money AKA grind, if you don't like it, don't play  it.2) This game have a premium currency called platinum, you can buy fashions and slots upgrades, this currency is farmable (WHAT!?!?!?!) yes, you can sell items dropped in game for Platinums. I have almost everything the shop have to offfer and didn't spent a dime to gain it, when i had everything, i recharged 20 euro, becuase it's a fair game. and will recharge more.Gameplay: This game focus only on one thing, You need to be cool cutting enemies to pieces, the movement system is so mobile you need to call it Parkour, you can move on wall, larch on it, make absurd jumps of 20+meters and so on, it's a 3D movement system, like a space ninja.Every weapons can be modified whatever u want be it in color, be it effects, the Mod system is a system of ""cards"" that permit you to add everything you can think of to a weapon. Everything. Really.The melee system is cool and engaging.Graphics: It's a free-to-play with a graphic that make many AAA titles pale. Warframe have one of the most cool graphic you will see. This is a promise.FashionFrame: yeah it needs a different category, because the premium currency is farmable many consider the fashion part of this game A PART of the endgame. You have 5 diffent pattern to color your warframe (the ""armor"" or ""char"" u use, u can switch it whenever u want), each pattern can be colored in one of the 1100 COLORS....yeah. But it's not over, you can color the fashion attachment, the fashion armor, the fashion syndana....,u can color the primary section of the weapons (Rifle,granade launcher, sawlaunchers) in 5 different pattern.U can color the secondary section of the weapons (Pistols, gas pistols, sawbarrelshotguns) in 5 different pattern.U can color you melee ( Rapier, hammer,katana,axe and shield, scissor sword and whip) in 5 different pattern+sugatra (colorable)U can color you companion be a sentinel (small robot floating near you), Kubrow (space dog with different races and perks), Kavats (space cats with different races and perks) every companion can be fur/skin colored and have a armor/attachment to color too.You can personalize everything in this game. Gratis, But again they demand you Your time. So grind and be cool.Leveling system:In warframe you have 2 types of levels.MR: Mastery Rank, you gain points by leveling weapons and gears in general the first time. MR unlock access to weapons and daily trades.Weapons/warframe rank: you gain levels with affinity (in combat, aka exp), every level give you points you can use to upgrade said gearwith the mod system greatly enhanching the effectiveness.Community: Warframe community is Vocal, Whiny, Helpful, Good and bad, but NOT toxic. Like you wife. Usually you will see someone whine ""there is nothing to do"" when he reach 1500-2000 hours of gameplay...yeah.Overall is a must try game, if you like the grind (because it's a likeable grind for many, for me it's grind nonetheless).And it's free.9.5/10You will encouter bugs, they add content costantly and weekly so there will always be bugs, accept it and report it. They balance everything so they can nerf or buff things you own, you need to accept it.Weekly/Biweekly Devstream on site if you want to know them. Great communication."
,Recommended,230410,29849744,Posted: 11 February,all,TwistThis,"While there are over 6 million Warframe players, i dont think your going to run out of people to play with and even if you do Warframe is still probably one of the funniest free games to play on your own.And now most of you want to know what this game even is well Warframe is a cooperative free-to-play online action game set in an evolving sci-fi world. You can play with friends or strangers. You mostly kill enemies to get xp and level ups but It's good, then, that Warframe makes it quite fun to kill things and watch them die. Movement and shooting feels smooth and flexible, targets are plentiful, and there's just enough craziness in the enemy death animations to always make me look forward to my next kill. I highly recommend this game if your into becoming an OP killer without having to pay a cent."
,Recommended,230410,29850827,Posted: 11 February,all,Vic20,"1700+ hours and I still log in everyday. Yes, its says a lot about my life, but it also lets you know this game has a fair bit of content as well! I enjoy it immensely. Download and play it today!"
,Recommended,230410,29847432,Posted: 11 February,all,SQUADWARD,free to playpay to get good at the game
76561198246812774,Recommended,230410,29849974,Posted: 11 February,all,morrowjt,good
,Recommended,230410,29852520,Posted: 11 February,all,Ghost,dont need reviews its that good
,Recommended,230410,29502776,Posted: 26 January,all,⚜_CloyZee_⚜,Spent nearly 800 hours on this game due to the huge amount of things that we can do like grinding and stuff which can get a little boring at times but in the end its just worth it. Also true end game is fashion frame so yeh its sexy af.
,Recommended,230410,29502890,Posted: 26 January,all,Commander Shepard,Best f2p game EVER!!!
76561198086399997,Recommended,230410,29502410,Posted: 26 January,all,^^_Mitsuha_^^,If your reading this Stop Searching for more games this is the best you can get out there believe me everything u need in a game is here and the most interesting part is that there is always room for improvement for this game more opportunity and  they keep on developing it and the most important thing is you will never get bored because there are tons of suprises and event that just keep on coming in ive been playing this for a year now and believe when i tell you i never get bored because there are so much thing to do if your going to buy platinums with your money your awesome!! but this game is not play to win there is always room for farming and you can access almost everything without even paying anything..
76561198114103280,Recommended,230410,29934488,Posted: 14 February,all,Requis from n1gg3r farm,Need Skateboards For All The GRINDING You DoECKS DEE10/10Plays on consoleCONSOLE PEASANT FOR LIFE!
76561198260258055,Recommended,230410,30235871,Posted: 27 February,all,Codon96,"VERY large game. Kinda. You need to grind through the same levels over and over to get materiels. Then to be competive only just spend some dough or grind till next year. Otherwise, the game has some skill involved."
,Recommended,230410,30213636,Posted: 26 February,all,Cloud,Ships
,Not Recommended,230410,29965306,Posted: 16 February,all,alfiq,it used to be a cool game
76561198037220277,Not Recommended,230410,29970779,Posted: 16 February,all,LazyTrain,"Used to be a great game.Then they moved to the launcher and lost my account and a couple hundred dollars worth of Platinum, and their support team is absolute trash, a month for a ticket about my entire account being wiped? Absolutely absurd. Most of the deveopment lately has gone into making it as grindy as possible, while adding in super conveniently timed ways to get rid of that grind, but the catch is, of course, you have to pay for them.tl;dr?Game is a money sucker and the developers are completely unhelpful."
,Recommended,230410,29549063,Posted: 28 January,all,Sane-sensei,I love Warframe and it's a very good game. Still it has two flaws and it is it's repetition and some other players. I usually play this game as a solo player and I admit it gets boring very fast when I play it alone and then I end up stopping playing it until someone either asks me to play with them or I suddenly want to play it again. With friends Warframe is very enjoyable and even boring missions become fun experience when playing with friends. When playing with random peoples you can't really enjoy the game because especially players with high rank want to just complete the mission and go to the goal immediately. Players who want to explore map and find all the resources and other stuff usually get insulted by others because they don't want to hurry up and rush the game. 9/10
,Recommended,230410,29719165,Posted: 5 February,all,Socks,Its free..... It is possible to get every single item in the game without paying money.
76561198026033691,Not Recommended,230410,29555410,Posted: 28 January,all,[CIS] Aetherr,"This game is insane, it is potentially the most grindy meta driven game i have ever played where old weapons and frames are pretty much ignored and the only love they get is randomly generated mods which are a ♥♥♥♥♥ to farm and can often leave your weapon worse off than it was beforenew and cool weapons and frames are often nerfed into the ground or locked behind a grind wall soo tall even donald trump would be jealousbut if you opt to put in some money for some of the core items frames and weapons you will need to be competative you will see a game that does nothing more or less than send you on the largest power trip since doomthis game is boring as hell to play alone to find a clan and unlock some of the more powerful weapons as a result as well as get support as a new player because this community is great (with its fair share of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags)just don't come into this game expecting to get far by doing it one mission at a time and ignoring what people say is good, take this from someone who knows, in this game if everyone is using it, chances are it trivialises the entire game and you will be making it 300% harder on yourself not doing that popular thingoverall addicting as ♥♥♥♥ if you love a good grind and dont mind investing otherwise dont touch this game"
,Not Recommended,230410,29522533,Posted: 27 January,all,Focuss,Das leben ist hart
76561198240620616,Recommended,230410,30047792,Posted: 19 February,all,BACAN,"Told myself I'll write a review after 1k hours of gameplay.This game is my all time favorite. If you like ninjas in space, fighting, slashing and dashing, with amazing graphics and animations, then it's for you. The game has everything: great graphics, action all the way, amazing music and of course the incredible storyline. Although it's not a mmo in the traditional way, there's still a lot going on. The game is being constantly updated and fixed, you can also expect new content every month. People who love grinding and farming for weapons or warframes will love this game. There is a ton of customization for your warframes and weapons, too. It's a game that you have to give a shot, at least play through the first main quest of the game, because that's what really makes the game so special and makes you love it even more. That's at least how I got hooked, because the story is fantastic. If you ask if it's p2w, it's not. The only thing you really need to spend your money on are the cosmetics. I think a lot of players would agree with me. The game is perfect for beginners, because you have a lot to do, and I mean A LOT. The only downside is the endgame, because nobody really knows what it is or what it will be in the future, for me it is fashion, making your frames look badass, others like raids or sorties, which are daily quests that reward you with a lot of stuff. If you want a game that has a lot of action in it, just go for it. You won't be disappointed.To sum up:Pros: Fast-pacedBeautiful graphicsNot p2wAwesome lore and storylineConstantly updated, new content every monthCons: What should I do in the endgame? (A question always being asked)If you want more information or need any help, just add me in-game: Djonibigud"
,Not Recommended,230410,29779290,Posted: 8 February,all,Number One,"Garbage launcher won't update the game. Website won't send a confirmation email for the account I made for the game, so all in all worst experience I've had with a game without ever even running the game.Edit: The non steam launcher is just as terrible. Is this a game or just a conspiracy to waste my time?"
76561198072889262,Not Recommended,230410,30084942,Posted: 21 February,all,"Geii ""Pinoy Hunter 1.0""",nice :)
76561198195841693,Not Recommended,230410,30052317,Posted: 19 February,all,DAN andsom handsome,to ♥♥♥♥ing grindy and sucks in general the community sucks and the wepons are bad as well the DEVS make the game p2w and thats where the grinding part comes in because they will offer an item late on and you will need to pay money for it and thats not worth it just for 1 item that costs so ♥♥♥♥ing much liek riven mods.
76561198041706907,Recommended,230410,29544087,Posted: 28 January,all,StratysFear33,Awesome Free game.
76561198075023962,Not Recommended,230410,29549192,Posted: 28 January,all,Simione,I've pass through many updates and can tell yaThe worst group of developers I've ever seen#bugframe
,Not Recommended,230410,29615398,Posted: 31 January,all,EpicPizzaGamer,"This game sucks. Fromn having to buy platinum with real money to how my steam cant restart becaus it wont close. Do not get this game, it is $%#$^$%$@%*) crap!"
,Not Recommended,230410,29968714,Posted: 16 February,all,Baiterz,"The graphics for this FREE TO PLAY game are awesome, I really enjoyed the first 20 hours, just jumping around and killing everyone. The multiplayer if really good, but playing against each other is bad. Anyway it starts to get boring and nothing is left to do (only find some really rare stuff). It is just bad in my opinion.Nah."
76561198164264203,Not Recommended,230410,29727279,Posted: 5 February,all,krisric135,fix your game people ffs i cant sign up or login in 2 my old accont becouse youre♥♥♥♥♥♥dont have a human test so every time u try login in or make an account all u get is please confirm u are human wtf really fix youre♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,230410,30015243,Posted: 18 February,all,terminal,good
,Not Recommended,230410,29520229,Posted: 27 January,all,Rettahz,"The core gameplay of warframe is fun, and the movement feels great. I enjoy the way that combat plays out and what have you. But after the four or so hours I put into this game, my main gripe is that this game tries to shove microtransactions down your throat. I spent a large majority of time grinding out materials for a new weapon only to find out it takes 24 hours to craft. Of course, I can skip these crafting times if I pay money. I could have dealt with the buying blueprints and material grind for new weapons, that's fair, since I'm not investing any real money, but the crafting times are a real kick in the face. I've seen pay to progress faster games before but warframe takes this to a whole new level and actively ruins my enjoyment of the game at every corner. On these grounds I cannot reccomend this game."
76561198096572953,Not Recommended,230410,29640037,Posted: 1 February,all,wheelman,i cant even log in THIS IS TO CONFUSEING
,Recommended,230410,30228653,Posted: 27 February,all,VIBE'S BIRTHDAY IS ON OCT 5TH,Lit...
,Not Recommended,230410,29701445,Posted: 4 February,all,† Felixliten †,they ruined this game so ♥♥♥♥ing hard. rip warframe
,Not Recommended,230410,29456250,Posted: 23 January,all,TheUndyingHero,played this game on ps4. worked fine.try to play on pc since its far more updated. cannot log in whatsoever.
,Not Recommended,230410,29558923,Posted: 29 January,all,яµรђเ๏и๏ร,"Complete trash, i played on ps4 when it launch and everything was just fine, i come back a year later thinking i might play it on pc, try to log in using old username and password.....nope, well♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe i forgot my password, so i click the link to set a new password and nothing gets sent to my email.....so i thought maybe i was mistaken and try to sign up using my email.....nope, email already in use, so i try to reset again, ""comformation has been sent to ur email"", so i scour every inch of email, spam, i try one last time to sent a password reset and i get told ive tried to many time and my ip has a temp. ban.....so i try to sign in again using all the passwords ive ever used, then the application says ive tried to many and to try again later.....all i can say is screw this game"
76561198202040092,Not Recommended,230410,29721976,Posted: 5 February,all,quilswoo,"Warframe is a 3rd person online co-op FPS, with a very interesting movement style and combat system. The game has wonderful graphics and an extensive cumstomization system. The reason that I dont recommend this game is because warframe has a disorienting storyline and an exhausting grind system. The game's story was implemented in the most awful way ive ever seen. You start off the game with a small quest chain which doesnt lead to anything. The story has to be unlocked, the way you unlock the stories is by completing gates called junctions which lead to the next group of levels on the next planet, which mightve been fine if you had a quest chain on every or every other planet, but the only interesting quests are 4-8 planets into the game.Another flop in the game is the way in which you acquire your weapons, companions, and warframes (suits of armor which give you different powers) because its super repetitive. The game gives you the same groups of levels reskinned for every planet (unless your doing a quest, but like i said those are hard to get), You can acquire blueprints from the market (for in game money) or from junctions,  These blueprints give you a list of matierals you need to gather from levels in order to craft that specific item. Some blueprints are in planets that you havent unlocked, meaning you can only get weapons you really want to get by grinding for days (or using real money) and then waiting a certain amount of time, usually 12 hours, for the weapon to complete the building proces (or using real money to speed up the time). Warframes are even harder to get, and take even longer to build (72 real life hours is the usual wait time).Warframes are very interesting items, that fit people better, depending on their playstyle. Some warframes are more support oriented, stealth oriented, or damage orriented. The problem with warframes, is that like items the ones you really want are locked behind however many planets. The process of acquiring prime warframe is even worse than that. Primes are warframe variants with increased stats. each prime warframe has a certain time span that they can be obtained during. Time spans usually last about a month, so if you really want to get a certain prime warfram, you might have to go through 8 planets of the same levels, and then wait a month to a year for the prime to be unvaulted, and then you have to grind all the matierals and components and then wait for those componenets to finish building.These are just a few examples of why the game is frustrating and exhausting, but if you wont take my word, look at some more reviews."
76561198142029405,Not Recommended,230410,29687985,Posted: 4 February,all,Fissure,not fun at all and its confusing
,Recommended,230410,30065103,Posted: 20 February,all,princes,"played it a bit, its ok"
76561198209924391,Not Recommended,230410,29952836,Posted: 15 February,all,Kur0-,sza
,Recommended,230410,29953277,Posted: 15 February,all,Bot Pudge,wp
,Not Recommended,230410,30042664,Posted: 19 February,all,RADicalSievert,the biggest problem is the download speed.
,Not Recommended,230410,29881292,Posted: 12 February,all,CR4CK,boooooring
,Recommended,230410,29801909,Posted: 9 February,all,=Rumpleherekitty=,My balls
76561198301833486,Not Recommended,230410,29467828,Posted: 24 January,all,Huskii csgogem.com,"Love the movement and combat mechanics in this game. Graphics and action sequences looks very nice.But the AI is so stupid that it gets boring sometimes. Most of them deal a very small damage and have little to no defense so you can just run straight in and slice them to pieces. If you play like a real ""space NINJA"" and be stealthy it's gonna take a lot of time and it's boring as well since the stealth kill action is just the same every time. It just not an intensive game. Plus the game give very little instructions for the overall game and the ""sci-fi language"" that I cannot understand.This is just not a game for me, not intensive and just boring and repetitive. However it gets many positive reviews so if anyone wants to try, it's 15gb go for it."
,Recommended,230410,29404815,Posted: 21 January,all,BeatGamer [Trading Knife],Great Game has so much content for a game that is free.
,Recommended,230410,29404783,Posted: 21 January,all,Tori,"This game is, hands down, one of the best games I ever played in general. I'm not talking only about its genre which is a third person scifi action online game, but overall games, it's one of the best. Battle system, story line, characters, weapons, grinding and farming methods, game mechanics, everything! I love all of it!And it's NOT pay to win, this game is free and you can literally play free and still dominate the game without using your cash.I really love this game! I really recommend this to everyone!"
76561198193394214,Recommended,230410,29542684,Posted: 28 January,all,The Real Dirty Dan,Holy crap. This game is amazing.
,Recommended,230410,29404547,Posted: 21 January,all,『ησтүρe』,I love this game! its the best ^.^
76561198147818981,Recommended,230410,30000512,Posted: 17 February,all,swagmcswager,prepare to spend hours upon hours waiting and grinding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of stuff.
,Recommended,230410,29510250,Posted: 26 January,all,Shep,gut
76561198272037692,Recommended,230410,29507769,Posted: 26 January,all,952k_Gaming.,"I've played warrame on xbox and pc and i've gotta say both are extremely good, I mean when I first started playing the story was abit confusing and I was abit like what do i now but now once I got into the game abit more I have to say the game is one of the best games i've ever played and I mean that. I mean like, it is free!!! For a game that's free it is insanely good! If you're thinking about getting this game then get it... You will not be dissapointed at all.Would I recommend this game?Oh yesRating:10/10"
,Recommended,230410,29508680,Posted: 26 January,all,tirirism,"This game is ""nice"".... so far. It is fun and you can play it for hours if you want to. However, if you are not a fan of grinding, you will find it pretty difficult and taxing at times, but then again, you wouldn't play an MMO if you didn't like grinding at all. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,230410,29505871,Posted: 26 January,all,trap,very good
,Recommended,230410,29503528,Posted: 26 January,all,Rivery Jerald #18 МНЕ СУК,dayumnnnn
,Recommended,230410,29506131,Posted: 26 January,all,kissel,💫Warframe💫A game where you are a Alien-ninja type guy where you fight the bad guys. (Not really into the game that much yet so don't know alot about it)Graphics are awesome and the game is very well optimized for bad computers. Community is nice and very helpfull.💫Ratings💫🎮Gameplay: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (Very Good)🎭Community: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (Very Good)🎨Graphics: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (Very Good)🎁Overall: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (Very Good)
,Recommended,230410,29800435,Posted: 9 February,all,1devilpro1,well this game is amazing for me 2k hours playing....
76561198278030480,Recommended,230410,29828326,Posted: 10 February,all,Ace GoD is HeRe,That's a really good game!good work!
76561198348019272,Recommended,230410,29622039,Posted: 31 January,all,ŤãŇ¢Ǿ(̲̅M̲̅)ΣβÏNë,it's a great game for everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  :)
,Recommended,230410,29618491,Posted: 31 January,all,Zombian,Overall enjoyed my time with Warframe. Easy to recommend.
,Recommended,230410,29935316,Posted: 14 February,all,Whippersnapper,this game is good it is so deeply made and fun to play. play it or be a loser who lives in a box on the street
76561198304765797,Recommended,230410,29625485,Posted: 1 February,all,Zip,это шедевр!!!!
76561198261375339,Not Recommended,230410,29745583,Posted: 6 February,all,I do not exist,Its a very bed game
,Not Recommended,230410,29404375,Posted: 21 January,all,Mell Wet,I hate this game.
76561198119841568,Not Recommended,230410,29732650,Posted: 5 February,all,Hologram,Waste of time.
,Not Recommended,230410,29615838,Posted: 31 January,all,The Cat Who Lied,"best game. good shoot. enemy hard, 10.1/4ggno regoodbye"
,Not Recommended,230410,29568473,Posted: 29 January,all,Banana Eating A Dinosaur,"I can run this game at lowest settings at 720p at 60-80 fps on my low spec laptop.With a mouse and keyboard, every kills has never felt so satisfying in my life of shooter games.Lots of content, I'd pick this game over every Fallout game.Hot sexy characters to play with, even some with pornos online♥♥♥♥ing ordis. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,230410,30154237,Posted: 24 February,all,✪ RoBiKaz,I Want My Free Back
76561198015517900,Recommended,230410,8658810,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Syn,good
,Recommended,230410,29446261,Posted: 23 January,all,xMarth-iwnl-,play this game and offer time its just worth it trust me#im top tier and in one of the best clans so trust me more
,Not Recommended,230410,29778407,Posted: 8 February,all,[NTF]Psypherus,I find this game to be too damn easy weather your friends or doing it alone. The game has a very poor A.I and suffers from incredible repetitiveness and gets old and boring very quick. It’s a little fun here and there.
76561198046280860,Recommended,230410,29446640,Posted: 23 January,all,The Outsider,"this game is great! But it is not a free game, after about 2 hours you will need to pay some money."
,Recommended,230410,29446892,Posted: 23 January,all,henrydaboss6,"Altogether ive not spent much time on this game but the abilities on some characters are amazing (Mesa,Nekros,Nyx and Frost) Mesa 4th ability peace-maker is insane if you have the Vaykor Marelok, Askilleto prime or Dual Toxocyst so if you wind up with 325 platinum I strongly suggest purchasing Mesa and spending time with here"
,Recommended,230410,29542306,Posted: 28 January,all,SuperYgge,Really nice free game
,Not Recommended,230410,29686078,Posted: 3 February,all,had the pink polo :(,love it
,Not Recommended,230410,29438550,Posted: 23 January,all,Savage,"Couldn't get past the create an account screen. Literally wouldnt work no matter what I did. Pass captcha and everything and get 0 confirmation or email. Tried multiple user names, pass word combos, and what not."
76561198085233364,Not Recommended,230410,29650688,Posted: 2 February,all,sasorineko,you kill my pet that i payed you real $$$ money for love the game but thats a♥♥♥♥♥♥move! i fing bought a skin for her and unless i pay more $$$  to get that damn dna fluid she dies..... ummm the hell thats now how you make a pet!
76561198320666342,Not Recommended,230410,30199570,Posted: 26 February,all,TheGreatOne,Repetitive content.
76561198316080778,Recommended,230410,29948345,Posted: 15 February,all,Rich Chigga,This game makes you filled with determination.
76561198305139487,Not Recommended,230410,29780275,Posted: 8 February,all,noumoslav,couldnt even sign up
,Recommended,230410,29826990,Posted: 10 February,all,Nashiso,It's ok.
,Recommended,230410,29760433,Posted: 7 February,all,Scather,amazing
76561198125429412,Not Recommended,230410,29813206,Posted: 9 February,all,davegloriarich,not bad for free game. but gets repetitive
,Not Recommended,230410,29973882,Posted: 16 February,all,moonbooter 9000,Cool game idea and gameplay nothing to do other than run and kill bots
,Recommended,230410,29447676,Posted: 23 January,all,Kageprod,Tenno-Outta-Ten
,Not Recommended,230410,30176809,Posted: 25 February,all,Grand Pope General Malarky,"The devs are a bunch of over-hyped wanna-be-celebrities. Focus less on trying to perform for your fans and actually put some effort in to your game design.At core, Warframe is pretty fun. I cannot deny that.What is not fun is the constant hotfixing of lame-brained patches and content.What is not fun is constantly getting half-baked ideas as patches.What are not fun are the quests. Regular gameplay is fine. Boss fights and quests and anything 'fancy' tends to be a crap-shoot of a mess.What is not fun is ""♥♥♥♥ you"" game design. Stalker, Sentients, invulnerable Eximus, etc.They (the devs) just do not seem to know how to put together late-game or story-oriented content. Core of the game is fine, go ahead and try.You'll tire of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, too."
,Not Recommended,230410,30246975,Posted: 28 February,all,Macai,played it a little bit
76561198078889698,Not Recommended,230410,29792465,Posted: 8 February,all,Bako,"Dont expect too much free speech,you'll get banned if you even mention the word ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" or ""autist"""
,Not Recommended,230410,30069398,Posted: 20 February,all,| ＶＯＬＴＡＩＲＥ |,picture a war inside a frame of warwarwarwar never changes
,Not Recommended,230410,30183987,Posted: 25 February,all,big midget 6 | pornhub.com,♥♥♥♥♥game! 0 outta retard
,Not Recommended,230410,29523176,Posted: 27 January,all,Stabvest,Fun at first then gets boring
76561198094618399,Not Recommended,230410,29665514,Posted: 3 February,all,milomill,doesnt feel good and is really laggy
76561198136745253,Recommended,230410,29509321,Posted: 26 January,all,istealnapkins,It's aight
76561198119812724,Recommended,230410,29412396,Posted: 21 January,all,♠ Hexagon ♠™,Haven't played enough to judge this game.
,Recommended,230410,30065061,Posted: 20 February,all,ChMaK,beautifull game thank you for realeasing it free
,Recommended,230410,29576662,Posted: 29 January,all,Durelon,COOL
,Not Recommended,230410,29962336,Posted: 16 February,all,Hyperchaotic,Farming simulator. Bunch of same missions with same enemies and goals. Boring autistic garbage.Grind your way to success.
,Not Recommended,230410,30056878,Posted: 20 February,all,Green is generally inept,kinda boring.
76561198353186236,Not Recommended,230410,30002155,Posted: 17 February,all,SkyDaGreat,wish this game was in mac.Make warframe for mac
,Not Recommended,230410,29859469,Posted: 11 February,all,Keoni,"Great game played for entire 1 hour. was super fun while I did it made 10000000 views on youtube and now im a millionair I feel like one thing you can do is make it so the game ISNT SO BORING IT MADE ME WANT TO PLAY MY LEAGUE OF LEGENDS, then I realized I have 3 banned accounts. In the amount of time it takes to enjoy this game you can make a new league account and buy every champion with ip. #AssCrack"
,Not Recommended,230410,29680683,Posted: 3 February,all,"Tykylo, the Intoxicated Autobot","It pains me a lot to downvote this game. However, the story is mediocre and the game itself, while fun, gets boring after a month or so. And I don't really care how many Warframe fanboys I♥♥♥♥♥♥off.You are basically a god, and the enemies are the puny mortals that can't even aim half the time. Difficulty is infrequent. The AI can be braindead sometimes. The story is basically there to keep you entertained when you have nothing to do in the game, and the writing can be really cringy sometimes.After the first few months of playing, you start to realize how flat Warframe is. The characters are not compelling. Ordis is not funny. Lotus just basically lies to you for the whole game; it's really obvious sometimes, the devs weren't really trying with the plot twists, but she keeps lying for the sake of plot progression.And DE turned it into a microtransaction moshpit, too, even worse than Team Fortress 2.The bulk of the game is just grinding for a while in boring side missions. It was fun at first, but now it's too much.The final verdict for Warframe is a 4/10. The only thing that keeps it from being any lower is that it's occasionally fun with friends. Warframe also has a lot of potential, but for now, it's just potential. If you do subject yourself to this game, don't expect any deep stories like you would in Call of Duty.2grindy4me"
,Not Recommended,230410,30248894,Posted: 28 February,all,QWERTY,Uninstall
76561198089083030,Not Recommended,230410,29244821,Posted: 14 January,all,K3i,"Game's kinda going down hill, i still somewhat enjoy it but honestly it's starting to turn into sh!t."
,Recommended,230410,18386382,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The_Annihilator,game is nice!
,Recommended,230410,18386847,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,76561193910828108,"Game has a lot of fun, but have sometimes glitches or lags. Couple of times I have been stuck in somekind of structure and I couldnt get out of it. In some missions needing parts didnt come, for example, E Gate mission - those batterys didnt come for 2 hours. Ok, we took some of those, but only 3 of those batterys to powerup those drills.Graphics are awesome. Doesnt eats much resources. On even max graphics I only maybe have 1 lag in playtime. I have Intel  i3 1.9 GHz 4030u, NVidia GeForce 840M 2GB, 4GB RAM, Windows 10 64bit and I play this game on Max graphics. That is jsut sooo cool!!!"
,Recommended,230410,18387185,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hurentochter,Gsssssssssssssspppppppppppplllllluuuuuuiiiiiiiiii pew pew pew sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kurwa pew pew booooooooooooh huiiiiiiuuuuuuuuuuuuh ks ks
,Recommended,230410,18387173,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Not Good Enough To Be a Noob,"YES.YES.If you like speedy slaughter, excellent parkour and an atmospheric futuristic environment, this game is for you.Skip to the bottom if you want a new player tutorial.+PROS++ Easy to learn mechanics, with what to master later on in the game.+ Several ""classes"" to choose from, each with unique abilities.+ No ""bad choices"" in picking your weapons or warframe.+ Fresh, variable environment.+ Several stories to follow.+ Regular and special event with rewards.+ Comprehensive and steady advancement system.+ NOT PAY TO WIN.+ You can achieve everything for FREE. What you pay for is time.-CONS-- The only game with a good honest economy.- The only game with good balance and proper effort from the creators.- We need more games like this.- Archwing quests are annoying because of hitbox collision, boo hoo.- Err...- Ugh..- Cons, yeah...- Oh right, too little customisation.----------------------------------------Beginner's guide:  Warframe is simple as it gets!1. What is a Warframe?You are the Tenno, a space ninja, sporting a skin tight battlesuit called a Warframe.This grants you four powers, a bit like in a moba.These become available to you as you level up.They are slotted on your alphanumeric 1,2,3, and 4, being your ultimate power.You maneuver by WASD like in any FPS game.You shoot with left mouse, zoom with right mouse.Crouch with CTRLJump with SPACE2. What are armaments?You equip your warframe with a Primary, Secondary, and Melee weapon.Primary are big guns, bows, rifles, cannons, gunblades, heavy stuff.Secondary are pistols, shurikens, kunai, light stuff.Primary and secondary have ammo, which you pick up as you go along.Various types of ammo are colour-coded so learn which colour reloads what type of primary or secondary weapon. Not hard.You switch between primary and secondary by pressing F.You switch to melee by holding F or you can quick melee by tapping E.Melee are anything. Swords axes staves bladeguns etc.You attain your weapons by crafting them in your Liset.3. What's the Liset?It's your personal one-man spaceship. You see them fly in when you start a mission and pick you up when you end your mission. There are various amenities in the Liset that will be of service to you, including your forge and armory. The game will teach you these, just pay attention.4. Loot?You can loot EVERY ITEM, including Waframes.PAY ATTENTION.YOU CAN LOOT EVERYTHING.INCLUDING WARFRAMES.Or you can buy almost everything from the cash shop.ALMOST.USE THE WIKI.4. What are MODs?Mods are little cards you find as drops and you can insert them into your gear, pets, warframe or archwing.You do this in your Liset, in the Armory.You can level up these mods.The game will teach you how.They are a must, they make you stronger.ALL OF THEM CAN BE LOOTED. USE THE WIKI.5. What is Platinum?It's the currency. You can sell your loot from the Void, or you can spend real money for Platinum.The economy is perfectly free, and you can get anything if you are patient and smart about it.6. How do I begin?I'll give you one way to start the game, I'm not saying this is the best or the only way but it has its merit.USE THE WIKI.I recommend you pick Mag. There is little difference in which frame you pick as far as your ability to slaughter goes, but the Mag has several abilities which I find benefit your team even if you are a newbie and you have what to learn.Think of the Mag as a semi-healer aoe support loot collector.SKILL1 - PULL :: This skill makes you able to pull enemies and with the Greedy Pull MOD, loot to you. You used to be able to pull things through walls but now you have to have a clean line of sight. Boo hoo. Still a godly skill. Get Greedy Pull MOD asap!!SKILL2 - SHIELD THING :: This skill makes you recharge your shields and deal the enemy's shield as damage to them. Works wonderfully on Corpus mobs. Aka box heads, aka robotmen aka Corpus mobs.SKILL3 - BULLET MAGNET THING :: This skill creates a bubble around a target which will draw in all the gunfire. Very useful in heavy combat.SKILL4 - OMFG I'M MAGNETO :: You lift and damage and drop and damage and damage and damage enemies. It hurts, so use it a lot.Other mods to get: Look up the mag youtube video for the right build.USE THE WIKI.Once you are in, you get picked up for the story. It will teach you everything you need to know. Once you kick Vor's behind, you get to be on your way. To level up easily, complete every mission node on every planet. Team up with others for better results.btw.USE THE WIKI.I hope this helps.ps: USE THE WIKI."
,Recommended,230410,18387557,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dippy CSOFFER.ME,MY NAME IS NOT RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK
,Recommended,230410,12792407,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ThisIsVis ᕦʕ .  ᴥ  . ʔᕤ,"This game is shamazing, it has everything I want. I love the mechanics and endless customizations, but sadly I play on a really bad PC and to get 60 fps non-stop I havge to put the graphics settings on really low. At least I could play, but during update 15 I keep getting lag spikes even at low settings and 60 fps. Basically it sucks. One of my absolute favourite games but now I can't play it anymore. If you buy a new PC to suite this then what happens when they release another update and another and another. Money wasted when the game was amazing as it was. :)"
,Recommended,230410,18387804,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Fool (Citrus Got Real),Original game with an interesting concept and very fast-paced. Engaging although can be repetitive.
,Recommended,230410,18387934,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,HotDad1997,real gud gama+ coop experience 10/12would run walls again
76561198095189817,Recommended,230410,18387975,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,your mom name jeff,cine
76561198275539766,Recommended,230410,29480885,Posted: 25 January,all,GL1TChD !,"I love the diversity of playable characters and weapons, the level design, and the lore so far. Everything sounds, feels and looks right."
76561198229163332,Recommended,230410,29479442,Posted: 25 January,all,Matix,gay
76561198146365158,Recommended,230410,29486670,Posted: 25 January,all,Illuminatian,gut gaem
76561198054117559,Recommended,230410,29480309,Posted: 25 January,all,~Skarlecia~,Action packed MMO that is one of my favorites to play. Great animation and acton gameplay. A very fun game to just sit back and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ >:D
,Recommended,230410,29481656,Posted: 25 January,all,hex021,the best game ever
76561198137463919,Recommended,230410,29481706,Posted: 25 January,all,Onion-cutting Ninja,"seru gamenya hehehe, ngisi waktu luang.Waktu itu maen lagi liburan. Ada tugas, tapi bingung ngapain, terus maen ini. Ternyata seru. Bisa ngisi waktu luang. Pas deket deadline, baru muncul idenya. Lumayan ngebantu.11/10"
,Recommended,230410,30028126,Posted: 18 February,all,ZUSΞ,a really awesome if they charge 60 bucks for this ill still buy it! 9/10 for the grind
,Recommended,230410,30031608,Posted: 19 February,all,jimin is smol,"graphics and interface are beautiful, gameplay is enjoyable too."
76561198104938819,Recommended,230410,30031664,Posted: 19 February,all,Wicked47,Definitely a must play game :D In terms of gameplay it is awesome it's not boringGraphics are goodThere are a lot of customization option for your characterAnd best of all it is a free to plau game10/10 for me
76561198079711195,Recommended,230410,30032480,Posted: 19 February,all,WMW,"Game worth, to pour time and money on."
,Recommended,230410,30110742,Posted: 22 February,all,Altair,"Played it for a bit, I need to play it some more just so I can give a proper review."
76561198018606886,Recommended,230410,30110788,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr. Wasabi,"This game is amazing for the price of free.  Although it's ridden with microtransactions, it doesn't limit your gameplay experience at all."
,Recommended,230410,30111277,Posted: 22 February,all,力Ninjaibis,"Amazing game takes a bit of grinding, but its all worth it. I really recommend this game to anyone."
76561198067059618,Recommended,230410,30111613,Posted: 22 February,all,νιββερ,"Game tends to delve into cancer as time passes. Don't let your self be absorbed into a group if you want to have fun, find a 'cell' of dedicated people who you trust your time with, and don't be afraid to spend a little money to enjoy your self here.worth about 40-100$ extra cash for currency to buy items you want."
,Recommended,230410,30112646,Posted: 22 February,all,Borno,Amazing. but it needs a tutorial. things get complicated in the end
76561198294121668,Recommended,230410,30109292,Posted: 22 February,all,Smiley,9.5/10 game. It's a pretty good game. There's a lot of grinding involved. Archwing I suggest you must have and do so.
76561198064558308,Recommended,230410,29972155,Posted: 16 February,all,Dotaaaaaaaa,omg this is good i need more more itme more of it PLZ PLZ!
,Recommended,230410,29977469,Posted: 16 February,all,DJtheking_t,it is awesome
76561198108758822,Recommended,230410,29973848,Posted: 16 February,all,Inkunen,"I don't usually take the time to write a review for games. Even ones that I love. But no game has been quite as incredible as this one. While free they take the time to explore so many different elements. And now in the last couple years with cinematic quests, those have been epic. When I first played the second dream I cried both the music and dialogue led to a perfect moment and they did it again with the war within. Yeah at its core this game is a grind, but its one that I have yet to be bored with. I highly recommend this game to anyone who not only enjoys shooters and action games but also to anyone who enjoys looking like a badass and cares about the lore of the universe they play in."
,Recommended,230410,29974139,Posted: 16 February,all,Wasp*,Its da bomb
,Recommended,230410,30107733,Posted: 22 February,all,DzaKaaa,Farming Simulator: Space Ninja Edition
,Recommended,230410,30130708,Posted: 23 February,all,cwgtempel,Love this game truly intense
,Recommended,230410,30131431,Posted: 23 February,all,HikiNeet,Rngesus hatrs us all bless papa with wanted prime my friends
,Recommended,230410,30132191,Posted: 23 February,all,SkyOnPC,"Absolutely beautiful and fast paced, interesting skill/mod combos. Boring Grind. Still recommend."
76561198164998413,Recommended,230410,30076692,Posted: 21 February,all,DaT BiGsHoT,Decent game
,Recommended,230410,30092806,Posted: 21 February,all,ash,8/10 not enough grind
76561198268732259,Recommended,230410,29567222,Posted: 29 January,all,ZEUMIX CSGO-SKINS.COM,its the ♥♥♥♥in cccccccccccccccccccccccccccooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
76561198255723171,Recommended,230410,29570069,Posted: 29 January,all,Snowlion30,It is a awesome game
,Recommended,230410,29564255,Posted: 29 January,all,Mervin ^,Interesting game. Not paid to win.  Would recommend
,Recommended,230410,29564263,Posted: 29 January,all,Spooky scary pumpkin,This game is probably the realest F2P ever. Grindy though.
,Recommended,230410,29560861,Posted: 29 January,all,🅽🄱 🅹🅸🅽,its 10no/10no i guess
76561198170045217,Recommended,230410,29526827,Posted: 27 January,all,Wind,such a fun addicting game and even more fun to play with your friend!
,Recommended,230410,29527975,Posted: 27 January,all,F0K4,"A very well made game, great graphics performance and FPS gameplay was changed with this game. I still can't believe its F2P."
,Recommended,230410,29533588,Posted: 27 January,all,NovaStrike,The best free-to-play game on steam it is not pay to win and it is so addicting. 10/10
,Recommended,230410,29535369,Posted: 27 January,all,[TSC] Twotoedbob,An Awful timesink that I've been enjoying for years
,Recommended,230410,29533005,Posted: 27 January,all,RKammo,Absolutely love this game with a passion!
,Recommended,230410,29534881,Posted: 27 January,all,TheSilverSkyway,"The game fun but it a grindfest later on.. Combat fun, story meh, music ok, pvp sucks. If you want play a ninja fps and have free time, play Warframe"
76561198345048948,Recommended,230410,29536247,Posted: 28 January,all,hello enragement child,It's the best sleath and space game ever
,Recommended,230410,29536790,Posted: 28 January,all,Smelly Sock,Great game. Totally recommend it. Personnaly think they could maybe add a firsst person perspective but it is what it is. :) Overall great game.
,Recommended,230410,29536848,Posted: 28 January,all,Joel,"Try it, just do it."
76561198093111026,Recommended,230410,29489043,Posted: 25 January,all,bloodiedVulpes,"Warframe... a Free to Play Game that ACTUALLY reigns true to the name F2P. First off I'll take the time to say this. Take your time with this game's story. Don't rush through (or get rushed) like me. Otherwise you'll be a higher level with no clue what happened in the first 3-4 quests. Anyway Warframe is a third-person space ninja shooter platformer that has randomly generated levels. Warframe has you take control over an amnesiac space ninja on a quest to grind the ever-living ♥♥♥♥ out of the planets you come across. Jokes aside Warframe IS a bit (well more than a bit) of a grindfest. You grind to get a gun, you grind to get a sword, you grind to get parts for a new frame, you grind to get prime stuff that's not even guaranteed. If you do get everything you want you have to wait 1 minute to 3 days for it to finish.With that aside Warframe has a really great story, solid controls, engaging battles, randomly generated levels (as said before), active and majorly kind community, active devs who livestream future updates, fun and unique classes, strange intresting and downright great weaponry. I highly recommened Warfame if you just want to relax on the weekend after a hellish work day. Just be prepared for a hellish grinding experience."
,Recommended,230410,29531120,Posted: 27 January,all,cdrvw,"I personally am a huge fan of this game. However, if you aren't willing to put in effort or money, then you won't get far. This game rewards the grinders, yet benefits the pay-to-win players way more."
76561198098150195,Recommended,230410,29974469,Posted: 16 February,all,SuperFrosty,Grind. grind. grind. grind some more. oh a new piece. grind. grind. grind. its a vicious cycle.
76561198003894607,Not Recommended,230410,30149107,Posted: 24 February,all,Punisher,"Luckily this is free to play,♥♥♥♥♥♥does not updute( or to be exact d/loads at 3 to 6 k/bit per sec on 3g. Then you google the problem and you find out its an old and persistent problem, an old and persistent problem.♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out.Has since been looking all over for a solution and everywhere people are stumbling around in the dark and no real solutions.Now while you cant shove digital info into your♥♥♥♥♥you can take a memory stick and download this game and everything on it onto a memory stick and glue that to the base of a splintered 14 inch long 10 inch in diamater splintered veiny wooden♥♥♥♥♥♥and shove that right up your ♥♥♥♥ing asses all concerned at warframe.PS.Make a video pls."
,Recommended,230410,30115933,Posted: 23 February,all,Komaa,A nice game but too bad DE nerfed all the stuff that were fun to use or play like :-Ash's rework on his 4th skill-Secura Lecta's Creds Multiplier-The Nudis Nerf (Nidus)Also-Need Good Luck to play for RNG-need to sacrifice to the RNG God to get good stuff-Need a lot of rerolls for Riven Mods to get more godly stats-My Aklex's Riven from +200 damage to +150 damage from the update
,Not Recommended,230410,29490084,Posted: 25 January,all,kamilS the Chadstopher,Can't transfer from Xbox One.
76561198068825037,Recommended,230410,29700559,Posted: 4 February,all,Stalker Prime,Favourite FPS game of all time.
,Recommended,230410,29698000,Posted: 4 February,all,Deltinum,Gud game
76561198342881774,Recommended,230410,29702558,Posted: 4 February,all,DANKBOSS,Free game=good game
76561198062838260,Recommended,230410,29702866,Posted: 4 February,all,෴♥Kickross♥෴,"So i played this like 2 years ago or so and recently caught wind of it and decided to play it again and man was i surprised with the extreme amount of new stuff, not even mentioning the fact that the developers are still really engaged in the game and constantly making new updates! This is easily one of my top 5 games!"
,Recommended,230410,29700748,Posted: 4 February,all,Dettlaff van der Eretein,Pressing E simulator
,Recommended,230410,29703643,Posted: 4 February,all,cj55 noah myka,GOTEEEMEMMEMEMEMEMEEEMMEMEMEMEEMMEMEME
,Recommended,230410,29717097,Posted: 5 February,all,KangoVlad,It has times where the game gets boring because it is a grind game but it fits it's purpose I love it for the fact they still work on it till this day but I will warn you if you dislike GRIND games THIS is NOT a game for YOU.
76561198045212230,Recommended,230410,29716719,Posted: 5 February,all,えぐえぐえぐえぐえぐ,"Let me start at the very core thing of the review for the mass who are lazy to read an entire text: the game is good, but not amazing as it used to be a long time ago.I shall start explaining it further on by zeroing in on the fact that the grind (except for prime part grinds) got worse by the years. It's easier to farm a primed item than to farm it's normal counterpart which makes it a hella less enjoyable for new players to get into the game. Sure they improved the gameplay by a lot, by introducing riven mods, renewing the movement system for normal gameplay and archwing (for others it's a minus point, but for me a plus)Gameplay wise it's great if you're someone who doesn't mind playing the same thing over and over again because of the challenge it creates as difficulter it over time, but even people like me tend to get tired of the game after a long while. I've been in the game since the alpha when the founders pack was still available and i will say that it's more focused on the action than on the actual farming part of the game.The community is one of the best i've ever encountered in any game. Warframe is like the Canada (ironically DE is centered in Canada) of MMO's. You just join a clan and they'll all be helpfull to you and even tend to give you mods and primed stuff if you're nice like them. You can just chat with a random stranger in an interception run and add him at the end of the game. I think that that's the best part of Warframe and the main part that kept me going on in the game for 1.6k+ hours (call me addicted, but i see it as a good investment in a good mmo with a fun playerbase)Now let me start with the movement mechanics. They're amazing to me. You just latch on to a wall and shoot up a bunch of enemies with your crit modded weapon (since critical chance is too valued in this game) or just jump over a group over enemies with your firewalker equipped warframe and run away from them while doing a roll mid-air that makes your warframe go like the flash. It's really fun and makes the game feel really high paced.Now about the warframes. The warframes have been buffed and nerfed (or as DE calls it: ""reworked"") all the time such as Mag who has been turned into utter crap (except for her second ability). They are plenty powerful with the right setup, but you'll always have people crying for nerfs in the power struggle for the most kills in the game (i'm looking at you Ash). It has all been good up to the part when they randomly figured to mess the idea of ""ninjas"" up with a bard type warframe.If you're someone who'd want to play this game for a short time between games to blast off some steam then i'd say ""go for it"", but as long as the grind is bad i'd recommend not putting all your time into this game despite it's amazing community and gameplay."
76561198251487468,Recommended,230410,29715114,Posted: 5 February,all,Deer on Acid,Really Good Game! :D
,Recommended,230410,29713391,Posted: 5 February,all,Pagan,"Wow what a game, if you like sc-fi fps, you'll love this and it's ftp. Being a ninja/samurai robot/bio-machine is really awesome, with amazing graphics and general gameplay.Updates and additional content constantly coming out. One of the best games I've ever played.GET IT!!!"
76561198145814900,Recommended,230410,29696958,Posted: 4 February,all,KJD50,SOMTHING YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,230410,29695070,Posted: 4 February,all,"Mike ""The Third Reich"" Stoklasa","WARFRAMEThis game is fun, it has it's pros and cons and if you have some room on your PC and wanna sit back and relax for a couple of hours then go ahead and play it.Once you get over the learning/earning curve and get a couple of good Frames and weapons it can be fun but there are too many people who just want to farm and grind for hours on end and if you find yourself in a public lobby with them you're doomed.Pros:-Looks nice-Runs well-Cool parkour-Frames and weapon have interesting mechanics and are mostly different to each other-Some quests have good stories-Very healthy playerbase-DE are pretty decent devs-Can be fun/challenging-COSMETICS!!!!Cons:-DE can't decide wheter they want the player to be badass demi-gods or weak soldiers, there is such a large difference between mowing down enemies and cowering for your life from Nullifiers (Stop you from using any of your 4 awesome abilities). This difference alone makes the game hard to reccommend especially for newcomers to the shooter genre-COSMETICS COST MONEY THAT YOU HAVE TO TRADE FOR OR BUY WITH REAL MONEY-Takes up a lot of room with it's almost weekly updates-Quests are scarce and are the big ones only come out every 3-6 months-Archwing (3D space battles) are very empty and pointless-Hard to start earning credits and materials (which you will need a lot of)So, to summarise:Would I reccomend this game? Sure if you are the type of person who enjoys/enjoyed Borderlands or (God forbid) Destiny then this is a great F2P alternative that I have yet to this day not spent a single penny on."
76561198201737669,Recommended,230410,29695100,Posted: 4 February,all,BNR,awesome game
,Recommended,230410,29694188,Posted: 4 February,all,SergeantRambunctious,"Played this game about a year ago, And did not find it fun. Came back 2 days ago and havent stopped playing. Would recommend this game to anyone.- Amazing Graphics- Free to play- PvP Battles- Co-op- Massive Selection of Missions"
76561198032860269,Recommended,230410,29694530,Posted: 4 February,all,Ætherial,"It seems like a very good game at first. It is unique, constantly developing and fun.... again at first. Do not let the leveling, customization, new abilities, weapons and warframes fool you though. This game is repetitive. You do the same (or nearly the same) thing over and over again.All that out of the way, the game has great devs and is real fun. It is definitely not pay to win, and I certainly do recommend everyone to play this for a while."
76561198144417563,Recommended,230410,29694546,Posted: 4 February,all,KTW,very cool
,Recommended,230410,29694776,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr.S | FARMskins.com,"Awesome, but not the best."
,Not Recommended,230410,29692946,Posted: 4 February,all,MagmaHammer,"Graphics and combat are very good, but the physics and parkour could use some work. gameplay can become repetitive pretty fast."
,Recommended,230410,29699911,Posted: 4 February,all,ʕ•͡ᴥ•PANDA•͡ᴥ•ʔ,nice game ever
,Recommended,230410,29702077,Posted: 4 February,all,DolmioPäivä,6/5
,Recommended,230410,29729431,Posted: 5 February,all,Juuzou Suzuya,I love this game soooo much <3
,Recommended,230410,29728046,Posted: 5 February,all,Godlymortal,"I liek teh game but now i can't play it, i changed my interact key and now it does not work, and before you say ""just switch it back retard."" I did do that and many other things and still does not work."
76561198121085345,Recommended,230410,29725403,Posted: 5 February,all,Ion past,This game with some of its quirks is actually really addicting and I recommended for a lot of people who enjoy MMOs and especially this sifi fantasy section
76561198341448791,Not Recommended,230410,29725979,Posted: 5 February,all,SteelDash,"Not fun at all , but adicited , not Pay-To-WinSOOOOOOOO MUCH PLAYERSbut u can't find pvp match it's all about pve and warframes aka heros are with ( you can get them for free but SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HARD )the missions system sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198346491529,Recommended,230410,29717831,Posted: 5 February,all,✪LORENTZ,This game is so cool!
76561198142092712,Recommended,230410,29719436,Posted: 5 February,all,Tartositron,is gud gam.
,Recommended,230410,29720857,Posted: 5 February,all,Chupo,1000 Hours of greatness!
76561198057909498,Recommended,230410,29751089,Posted: 6 February,all,Dragonfly6881,This game has amazing graphics  and there is always something to do... Just dont spoil yourself buying all of the gear. Now I used to play the game all the time until the game took so much space (might just be my old PC) As well as the funny kills that you might get like shooting person through a wall only to explode. Anyway I highy recomend this game to everybody who wants a Sci-fy shooter game.
,Recommended,230410,29754776,Posted: 6 February,all,TheCoolCore,"This game is a work of art, from it's gameplay to it's graphics, it's smooth, it run amazing, no lag. If you enjoy PVE, group play, shooters, swordplay and being hyper mobile like a ninja, than YES this is where you are supose to be. It doesn't hurt to try it, it's free. And Teno brace yourself... :)"
,Recommended,230410,29753383,Posted: 6 February,all,Quantomoo,"Play it. The game is fun and the community is great. The tutorial is lacking, but not in a way that will ruin your life. The forced single player is a bit of a slog, but once you get to the full game it is great. The devs are amazing and actively work on the game. They do regular streams and are constantly involved. Almost everything can be earned in the game. Even paid currency thanks to the trade system. It will just take effort and time as the foundry builds everything.Final Tip:ONLY spend platinum on colors or slots. Rushing is practically throwing money away and most things in the market can be gotten for free fairly easily."
76561198248115792,Not Recommended,230410,29705363,Posted: 4 February,all,M4D_L3O,After 630 hours i do NOT recommend this game... TOO MUCH GRINDING!!! i cant stand it any more... all the farming hours for nothing because DE wanted to add a new thing to farm and boom there you go again.. God bless RNjesus
,Recommended,230410,29705532,Posted: 4 February,all,chilledpanda,This is one of the best free to play games out here right now. Most other ftp games are usually pay to win but you can totally get most things if you actually put time into it
76561198237842990,Recommended,230410,29705803,Posted: 4 February,all,S.Dust,Warframe is an amzing game if you like a grind personally i do i like a game with a grind it makes me feel like ive worked towards something and warframe is that game it also has amazing frames with a variety of abilities to use some more underpowered than other but you will love most of them the game also has a trade system which i love because it means you can trade for the purchasable currency meaning if you like the game but dont have money to spend on it you can always trade for the currency by farming for items that players want. The game also has some amazing lor behind it that i havent fully gotten into but every now and then when i look into things i find the story really captivating. im sorry if this review is short but im just lazy.  ill end this by saying the game does kind of have a learning curve but youtube is amazing to find out what you need to do to get into the game and if you dont know good channels you can check the warframe website to find youtubers who are directly affiliated with them and if you cant find it just look it up on google.
,Recommended,230410,29763238,Posted: 7 February,all,Gambloide,"Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through its Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn its simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity."
,Recommended,230410,30127180,Posted: 23 February,all,Finchman123,"I have nothing negative to say about this game. There are so many ways to play the game it will suit any gamer's playstyle. Many people complain that the micro transactions make the game ""pay to win"" but I assure you IT IS NOT A PAY TO WIN GAME. A more accurate description would be ""pay to speed things up"". Plus with the option of trading between players, it is easily possible to make enough of the premium currency (platinum) to get everything in the game that doesn't require spending real money. As far as gameplay goes, the advanced movement system is one that does not take too long to get the hang of, so you can quickly reach a point where you can just run around and feel like the coolest alien robot ninja to have ever roamed the solar system."
,Recommended,230410,30056923,Posted: 20 February,all,Queen Chrysalis,"It is actually awesome game, but will it be on Mac OS or Linux?"
,Recommended,230410,30059001,Posted: 20 February,all,[2L2Q] | Hazard |,Sexyy game with sexyy memes
,Recommended,230410,30064793,Posted: 20 February,all,horse shit,purrfection
76561198160890128,Recommended,230410,30059625,Posted: 20 February,all,IN-M8,amazing
76561198272722310,Recommended,230410,30060554,Posted: 20 February,all,I am a human,Warframe has been a fun ham in general it has its far share of bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players but it's fun when you get the thrill of completing a new level and u don't need a very good computer to run it and it as fun as it can get if you have some friends to play with you
76561198243570488,Recommended,230410,30103309,Posted: 22 February,all,LeonidasCPL,"It is one of the most amazing ""free to play"" multiplayer games i've ever played. Although if you want yo put some cosmetics on your warframe you'll have to pay with platinum or real money. Plus the Archwing missions reminded me a lot of Dark Void, but it's cool. It's a great game overally and i'm certain you'll enjoy playing it. It's awesome to have access to games like these freely, whule in-game purchases is another story. Hope you enjoy it guys!!"
,Not Recommended,230410,30106887,Posted: 22 February,all,VACie Chan,the raptor NS fight
,Recommended,230410,30105174,Posted: 22 February,all,BOGART,FREE TO PLAY!
76561198367493143,Recommended,230410,30125002,Posted: 23 February,all,CARTOON_KILLER,Play Its so cool and free download now👍👍👍👍👍
,Recommended,230410,30123877,Posted: 23 February,all,Darkest,"It's such an awesome game. A complete third person shooter, with plenty of weapons, both ranged and mellee, nice and useful pets, and customization, SO MUCH CUSTOMIZATION. One of my favorites online games nowdays. Rich gameplay, very nice character designs and powerful graphics."
,Recommended,230410,30126300,Posted: 23 February,all,nathanbrotherbob,"Game is almost as fun as it is repetitive.  It's definitely grindy, but that's part of the gameplay/appeal.  If you like parkouring around killing everything in sight as a space ninja with super powers, you will probably love Warframe.My biggest issue is with the cash shop.  Just about everything that is acquired through normal gameplay can be purchased with real money, which devalues the achievements of those got their gear the ""legit"" way.  It also means someone who spends money on the game is gonna have a lot more fun than someone who is completely F2P.Definitely give it a try, but don't be surprised if you are killing the same enemies 100 hours from now that you were killing within the first 10 minutes of the game."
,Recommended,230410,30127839,Posted: 23 February,all,ThePornFinder.org,I certainly reccomend this game for you sci-fi players. I already have over 1k ours believe it or not~Really addicting!
,Recommended,230410,30128280,Posted: 23 February,all,BigSmonk,gud
76561198261925985,Recommended,230410,30044988,Posted: 19 February,all,ogiurosev5,good game
,Recommended,230410,30045337,Posted: 19 February,all,Exceloid,"doing flippers and jiggles, all day, every day."
,Not Recommended,230410,30045910,Posted: 19 February,all,The best a man can get.,"Avoid this game until the developers fix the memory leak and fps drop issues. I go from ~250fps from the start of the game and the beggining of a mission to around ~30 near the end and all over until I restart the game. This game isnt worth my or your time until this issue is fixed. And for anyone saying its because of DX10 or DX11, I tried 1, or both, or none. and unless I had both on the game would just freeze and soon as any explosion or big particle would show up.GTX 1070i5 4670k"
,Recommended,230410,30047010,Posted: 19 February,all,mrawesome13,great game
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,230410,30047021,Posted: 19 February,all,Woodsparrow,"Graphics are fine but the massive map count means finding an actual group is zero without a guild. All of the maps are procedurally generated anyway, so it's double pointless.Controls are antiquated and the UI is lackluster."
76561198149248702,Not Recommended,230410,30049343,Posted: 19 February,all,InfidelCastro,"I was initially impressed with the combat, but this is a very pay to progress kind of game. Another game where you can ""technically"" do anything without money but it takes an unreasonanly large amount of time to do it. If you want to make significant progess, go ahead and buy that $220 dollars of DLC. It's always sad when devs ruin their own games."
,Recommended,230410,30121156,Posted: 23 February,all,Eatoon,"Warframe is a game I have left and returned to many times over the course of 4 years. I began my journey as a lowly console player with 30 frames per second and terrible resolution in a completely different game. Now, on PC and after years of development, I have to say I'm very impressed with the sheer amount of improvement.The combat is very fluid and easy to master, but each weapon has little nuances that will improve your efficiency as you use them more. And there is endless variety in the weapon selections. From a bow that can cleave enemies in two, to a jet powered hammer that will send enemies flying. Each melee weapon has multiple stances that will change the way you wield it and what sort of combos can be achieved with it. Furthermore, each warframe has 4 unique abilities, and most have augments that will change their effects in some way.The movement system when I started was clunky and awkward (maybe just because I was on console), but since the Movement 2.0 update, everything flows together nicely. The movement system seamlessly integrates with the combat to create a fast paced and high flying experience, but also encourages you to move slowly and stealthily in certian missions.Now on to the grind. I once thought that grinding in this game was terrible, slow, and not rewarding enough. Then I realized that I was missing out on the cooperation. Simply playing with a squad will increase your gain of resources dramatically. I left a 20 minute mission yesterday with 1000 Endo (The resource used to improve mods), which more than enough to improve many mods to max rank. I recommend joining a clan as soon as possible and asking your new clanmates for help.Which brings me to my next point. The community is wonderful. I had been farming for an essential mod, but had no luck getting it. So I took to the chat and voiced my complaints about my bad luck. Within seconds I had almost 20 people offering to give me the mod for free! People are always willing to help or answer questions you might have. Anything from helping you aquire the resources you need, beat a challenging mission, all the way up to forming groups to take on the Sortie's (High level missions with big rewards).Overall, this is a completely different game than it was when I first started playing. I would argue that it has done nothing but improve. Some people complain about the grind and feel that they need to spend money in order to get the items they want, but simply asking for help from the community can expedite your process greatly.If you decide to play Warframe, come in with a willingness to learn, because there are thousands of things to do and millions of enemies to slaughter."
76561198165299304,Recommended,230410,30129794,Posted: 23 February,all,R4ND0MD3WD,"Everything is good like the gameplay, weapon disine, warframe disine are good. BUT the new archwing update its... just crap also the missions."
76561198154747675,Recommended,230410,30236388,Posted: 28 February,all,OwenWilk,10/10 best free to play game ever made though their advertisement doesnt seem to be great its an awesome grinding game that u will definitely love if u have time to go grind
76561198108153190,Recommended,230410,30236410,Posted: 28 February,all,The Real McCoy,Why do I keep playing this... Please send help...
76561198364567614,Recommended,230410,30239440,Posted: 28 February,all,DEATH_kardo,"just play it, it is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198165942983,Recommended,230410,30227141,Posted: 27 February,all,mzztiffi,i mean...sure...
76561198320618360,Recommended,230410,30226796,Posted: 27 February,all,BlackStock,Good Game Even i say it and im a bannana pimp
,Recommended,230410,30198542,Posted: 26 February,all,sPICEmAN,is a good game apart from the fact that i cant move anymoreEDIT: i can move now
,Recommended,230410,30245465,Posted: 28 February,all,PROlapsed Ninja,"Started playing about a week ago, 100+ hours."
76561198182199091,Recommended,230410,30244083,Posted: 28 February,all,jodyedwards1,fun to play
76561198215853651,Recommended,230410,30246116,Posted: 28 February,all,Maeve of Blades,fokn nice
,Recommended,230410,29590245,Posted: 30 January,all,SINK,"Do you like shooting stuff?Do you a f2p game in what you can get anything for free (apart from some cosmetics) with just a little effort?Do you games where the premium curency is tradable for stuff you can get for just playing the game and what sell for a nice price?Do you like lore?Do you like very beutifull scenery and quests?(second dream *cough*)Do you like going very fast horisontaly AND verticly?Do you like adictive?Do you like butts?If you said yesthen Warframe is for you!PS: Don't do the same mistake as me and think that the ""market"" only accepts platinum, you can also buy bluprints for credits!!!!!!!!!"
76561198255449238,Recommended,230410,29903324,Posted: 13 February,all,V.A.N.G,Good game only bad that most things are hard to get unless you buy plat for real money
,Recommended,230410,29926025,Posted: 14 February,all,Veccent Xegyas Lutesong,what's not to love!?
,Recommended,230410,29408484,Posted: 21 January,all,[Hurrican Irma Was A Blessing],"If you love games that have loads of customization and can get everything for free without spending a dime, then this is your game. Just be wary of the heavy grinding :)"
,Recommended,230410,29947120,Posted: 15 February,all,Ghost,its ok
,Not Recommended,230410,29702403,Posted: 4 February,all,BlackGattsu,can perma ban you and will for anything they dont like
,Recommended,230410,29473956,Posted: 24 January,all,duddles,WTB Plastids
,Not Recommended,230410,29824462,Posted: 10 February,all,snake lives matter,tennomy sonu finally completed all the story questsits time for you to decidewill you choose getting everything in the gameor just run atterax with memeing strike `n` stuff and shrekt everyoneyou guessed it huh26 million registered losers/10>50000 mutagen contributed to hema(rrdoides)/500000>the derelict cataclysm is still spreadingalsoits no pay2wanfor sure
,Recommended,230410,29701237,Posted: 4 February,all,Vans ® pubg.plus,character standing in one place 10/11
76561198018783676,Recommended,230410,29573170,Posted: 29 January,all,Asriel Memeurr,It's okay
76561198122768081,Recommended,230410,29629820,Posted: 1 February,all,Pochi,"played a bit , its good"
,Not Recommended,230410,29595438,Posted: 30 January,all,Prismatic,"TL:DR- Essentially, whats good and bad point by point, use the parts below to help + i have no idea how to do the text formatting so deal with it. If you can't decide on if you want to play the game or not, read below.Straight up, either you will like the game or you will hate it, it is the nature of the game. So I have played this for 49 hours and I loved it until now, there is some variability in the weapons and gear however most of it is locked behind platinum or end game tier planets. Now with some obvious stuff out of the way;The good stuff;1.The not one size fits all idea behind it2. The variation (what little there is) in the map design3. Good with or without friends/other players and how seemless it4. The part where you can set up your own ""shop"" and tradeThe bad stuff;1. The huge amounts of platinum required for certain in-game items ie. warframes2. The grinding3. Some incredibly difficult enemies/bosses4. That most of the content required to deal with certain things early on, is locked on higher tier planetsThose were the main things I could think ofNow the longer version of the points aboveThe good stuff;1. So there is something like 32 different warframes, which is like 32 diffferent classes. This allows players (later on) to change how they play for different mission types however, there are only 3 available to new players (I'll finish this with the paywall part). The weapons seem to me to be highly diverse also promoting different playstyles such as stealth or just really offensive or maybe a hybrid inbetween, whatever you choose to play. Also with every weapon is like 200 different mods for them, all with varying amounts of upgrade space.2.  With the maps, from what I learned, they bring them out in ""tile sets"", each with their own enemies and enviroment, which is great. The problem is that there just isn't (imo) enough difference in some maps on planets, as I have done three different types of mission on a single map, some even at the same start point. I can't say much more except that it does get boring after so long.3. I have played mostly by my self and have done many a co-op mission, and it does help to have more people on certain mission types, such as survival or defense where it can be difficult to defend all sides of the object (such as infestation reactors). Sometimes in missions, if you haven't completed an objective yet, you can invite allies/friends to help you in the mission. I have not experienced the conclave nor random people helping me so I can't say much there but I have experienced the clan (kinda) , it does require alot of resources and usually would be best to set up late game due to most things requiring nano-spores.4. OMG, I have to say if you have surplus resources (which are rare), you could go into a relay (or Maroo's Bazzar idk) and there is a person you speak to and they allow you to set up a shop, where you can trade for items or grab a bargain on a resource you have been hunting for a while. Not much else to say thereThe Bad bits;1. So to get most items in game, you have to grind your butt off, however there are some resources which can only be obtained either late game or by completing alerts. Warframes are incredibly expensive to craft (still haven't been able to craft one yet :( ) and on the market, they cost near stupid amounts of platinum (the purchasable currency) to buy whole which usually comes to a price of something like £20 (no idea but it is close) for the warframe. Not to mention that colours and decoration for your warframe isn't free, oh no, if you want colours you need to pay, same with changing your armour or helmet.2. Holy crap, out of my 49 hours played, at least 15 of it has to be grinding due to just doing missions again and again for that rubedo/plastids/gallium/neurodes, it is insane that I had to do a mission at least 20 times to get a single neurode. It is a huge part of the game and unless you are willing to spend hours killing bosses for blueprints or doing random missions for a specific resource, then this isn't your game mate. (don't talk to anyone about grinding if they have the equinox warframe unless they paid for it)3. The worst by far for me has to be the midgame point at Europa, and the boss that resides there. The raptor/s, which are giant versions of the ospreys, but their gun has a volley of shield devouring aoes followed by precision explosive rounds. I play a volt and I find that I hate shield devouring enemies due to the fact that I am shield (mostly) but this boss takes the biscuit for me, I changed my main weapon twice to combat this boss and my friend managed (somehow) to get a frost warframe and it still proved too much. If you thought that was it, you'd be wrong as a second one follows soon after with 5-6 small drones which never fail to kill me immediatly upon contact because I cannot deal with them as a Volt. Imo, the worst boss so far. About the worst enemies thou, Bursas, they are like tanks with groundpound set to max. My friend who is playing Excalibur, dies to them like a hot knife through butter, but I as a Volt with melee only, wipe the floor with it. This is why I think the game is at somepoints extremely unbalanced.4. So for an example a weapon called the Drakgoon (or something close) is a fairly good shotgun, but requires a material only known as nano spores, which are on Saturn. Most blueprints for weapons that are useful early on require nano spores, and that I see is the only resource which is locked off but almost everything needs it to be built. Nuf saidConclusion; If you feel like grinding your fingers and brain to the point where your gloves have more fingers (and brains) than you, then good, play to your heart's content. Whereas the opposite, if you hate grinding, please never touch this game ever. By the way, I am expecting ""git gud"" comments so I'll say I have gotten good and have been for at least 20 hours now."
76561198181319419,Recommended,230410,29597539,Posted: 30 January,all,WeirdPancakeFace,itz fun :3
,Recommended,230410,29597999,Posted: 30 January,all,GLITCH | kickback.com |,Great graphics love multiplayer
76561198136491753,Recommended,230410,29602460,Posted: 31 January,all,NeuroCrush,i can never get tired of this game
,Recommended,230410,29602572,Posted: 31 January,all,엽동이,"F***ing awesome story, and infinitely customizable arsenals and charaters(Warframes), and 2 fantastic genre combined, SPACE and NINJA(NINJA-like robots). Weapons are infinite, Missions are almost infinite, combinations are endless. May be boring and hard and sh*t at start, but when you get hooked, it will never be off again."
76561198225479020,Recommended,230410,29589775,Posted: 30 January,all,Dragonslayer,i think its a good game but the lvl is to easy
76561198344788272,Recommended,230410,29565021,Posted: 29 January,all,keckster6968,It is so much fun i recemend to everyone that likes shooting games because it is so fun.
76561198253167640,Recommended,230410,29591347,Posted: 30 January,all,interfectorem,great game not a pay to win only a pay to speed up
76561197977983376,Recommended,230410,29590871,Posted: 30 January,all,seN5ei.,Can get a little boring after grinding it for 500+hours but it gets  new content frequently and has sweet graphics + very enjoyable gameplay even if you want to keep playing solo.
76561198212580832,Recommended,230410,29588603,Posted: 30 January,all,GeminiNova,"Awesome game, I downloaded this on a road trip and played it the entire trip, couldn't take my eyes away from it, so much fun!"
76561198206575423,Recommended,230410,29593484,Posted: 30 January,all,M16Troy,In Love with this game 60 Hours on Record
76561198246712460,Recommended,230410,29572125,Posted: 29 January,all,Elysias,"Moved from Console to PC, and while the controls are a bit clunky, I cannot recommend this game enough. I've easily sunk over 1000 hours into this game on Console, and even though I will have to start fresh here, I'm looking forward to the next 1000 hours."
,Recommended,230410,29572418,Posted: 29 January,all,gooey huey,"the year is 2014, Warbros reigns supreme and coptering is the meta. I think this game has a bright future."
,Recommended,230410,29572431,Posted: 29 January,all,CurlyBoyJ,love this game
,Recommended,230410,29575040,Posted: 29 January,all,Treyur,"Who in their right mind would spend five minute son this game let alone hundreds of hours?Warframe is a great example of a F2P game done right. It's pay to save time, which is EXTREMELY over priced, which is a great idea in my opinion.One thing new players complain about is ""I have to spend real money for weapon/warframe slots"" which is not true, Platinum (the premium currency) can be earned simply by trading items with other players. It can be a slow process, but farming for new prime frames can net you a nice amount of platinum, even some easy to get items go for 5 - 10 plat which adds up rather quickly.Warframe has a great business model and is the only F2P dev that I'm aware of that has premium currency discounts for just logging in, all the way up to 75% off. 11/10 Would stare at Saryn♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198068222765,Recommended,230410,29575184,Posted: 29 January,all,Dollstaff,pretty good by the looks of it lotus is still best waifu
,Recommended,230410,29568627,Posted: 29 January,all,Starrk,One of the best plots ever. Worth every minute.
76561198139690875,Recommended,230410,29571579,Posted: 29 January,all,Stanley,"You spam shift, space and control a lot. In that order. Thats how you win."
76561198049716890,Recommended,230410,29581978,Posted: 30 January,all,Art,Great game.
,Recommended,230410,29994053,Posted: 17 February,all,Adam_McMullen,"Only giving my positive review because of the other people that have put in hundreds of hours and left negatives ones. If the game entertained you and distracted you for that many hours, it did its job. Don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and complain it's a grind-fest and leave a bad review because you spent 500+ hours and didn't accopmlish everything."
,Recommended,230410,29994139,Posted: 17 February,all,cAttt,Es pretty good.
76561198039959425,Recommended,230410,30028101,Posted: 18 February,all,Zxpfer,Thank you for legendary core!!  i love this game so much!Travel across solar system with space ninjas :3Wait to buy Targis prime set :^)
76561198052689393,Recommended,230410,30054000,Posted: 20 February,all,Θ33,"700 hours in and I'm still really enjoting the game, it can be a bit grindy at times but you can always find something to do."
76561198013444465,Recommended,230410,30003923,Posted: 18 February,all,ritchelbaso,"+Its a sci-fi 3rd person shooter, has good RPG elements+HUGE content, so many things to explore and collect+Developers add new content everytime, they are the best devs ive seen in a game with their devstream every week.+nevermind the grind it doesnt force you to grind and collect it all+im on 1.5k hours, i already semi quit 2x already, and im going back again because of the new content+i definately reccommend this game to everyone if you love sci-fi 3rd person shooter"
,Recommended,230410,30004260,Posted: 18 February,all,agentrsdg,"Amazing Game! With more than 500 hours and counting I am fit to say the game has amazing gameplay mechanics with all kinds of weapons, powers and characters to play with. There is intense fast paced action! The grind is hard at first but as you rank up its just a fun killing session. Quests are great although most quests are mission joined together. There is, however, no endgame to satisfy you. Its a fun game you can play each day and have fun with the great community!"
,Recommended,230410,29998831,Posted: 17 February,all,♥King*Obien♥,Rules and Guidelines.
76561198126702426,Recommended,230410,29944132,Posted: 15 February,all,Leo // Woki,Great game :)
76561198234042700,Recommended,230410,29934097,Posted: 14 February,all,Moist Erection,I hate this game....
76561198154573513,Recommended,230410,29934129,Posted: 14 February,all,allanthegoat,A great fast paced free to play game
76561198123778617,Recommended,230410,29951992,Posted: 15 February,all,Nik,Amazing third person shooter. Massive variety of charecters and weapons. You can craft weapons and warframes instead of buying them with money.
76561198338616047,Recommended,230410,29877706,Posted: 12 February,all,Asylace,"I love this game. I know that I don't have as many hours as other people but I just want to point out a few things that I personally enjoy about the game.Pros:Great and friendly communityGreat custimizationAmazing class selectionStory is deep, but it does take a while for you to unravel it which is a good thing because it builds suspenseYou get animals as companions along with Sentinels (drones)Massive loot drops during Suvival, Defense and Extraction missionsCons:If something goes wrong with your DX11 like mine did, your FPS will literally hover around 5 or below so that would require you to delete everything in the games folder and then redownloading itSome tedious work to get what you need, but it isn't all that bad as long as you can find some joy in farming whether it be with a friend or other playersVoice chat does work, but not everyone uses it in gameOther than the Cons that I listed, I don't really know what else to really say. This game is great and I do highly recommend you at least try it. Put about 20 hours or so and at least get to Mercury to you can begin to unravel the story a little. Take my advice, don't judge the game by the first few planets when things are JUST starting out. Things, as all other games usually, get a lot better once you can make it to Merury/Mars and onward.So I hope you guys enjoy the game :D"
76561198297811813,Recommended,230410,29877877,Posted: 12 February,all,the bossatron,it is fun
,Recommended,230410,29956958,Posted: 15 February,all,Stealthsuit,"I played warframe for hundred of hours initially, but I played it even more after the Second Dream update which what made me get even more addicted.I have spent good 60+ dollars on Platinum, not because I needed it but because I wanted to show my support for the Devs for giving me the best F2P Experince I have ever had both gameplay wise and investing wise.Come on, Play this game and remember, Ninjas play free :)P.S I no longer play warframe, will return to it someday and play even more hours, thats for sure :)"
,Recommended,230410,29915721,Posted: 13 February,all,DerpyDonut41,:)
,Recommended,230410,29915993,Posted: 13 February,all,[TUF]Goatieee,Best game ever with a very helpful community.
,Recommended,230410,29911464,Posted: 13 February,all,Astijus,It is Ok. Sobek is OP with Acid Shells. Kills a room with a single shot. Just needs OP riven mod.
,Recommended,230410,29911609,Posted: 13 February,all,Hollow Upsetti [idunno],"I think it's preety good, se ye, me likes. You shouk never be upsetti at the game, nor your spegetti"
76561198275340990,Recommended,230410,29911617,Posted: 13 February,all,Turtle_Dragon18,i love this game i have it for pc and ps4
,Recommended,230410,29913913,Posted: 13 February,all,▶Burnt Toast◀,can BARLY run it with about 20 fps but a great game
,Recommended,230410,29890597,Posted: 12 February,all,Kobra99 csgohandouts.com,"Its free to play, and a perfect example of pay to win as well as time is money, so if you dont want to pay, spend time and you still win."
,Recommended,230410,29940304,Posted: 15 February,all,GileLoldug,A very very good tps. go Ahead and try it
,Recommended,230410,29958461,Posted: 16 February,all,Spinkie,it's good.
,Recommended,230410,29958748,Posted: 16 February,all,Lucifer Morningstar,1. Best game to play with your friends2. Best game to play if you dont have friends3. Best game to make new friends
76561198020179433,Recommended,230410,29950724,Posted: 15 February,all,ataren3,"Warframe is one of those games where you'll play obsessively for the first few months, occasionally for the next few, then take a break.... but you can never quite flat out quit. In just a few months there's usually so much that's changed/added that you're essentially relearning portions of the game.In a nutshell, this game might be atadaddictive ."
76561198346935143,Recommended,230410,29961351,Posted: 16 February,all,e8z'sy,Played this game a bit. Still pretty noob at it but its great fun.
76561198279235674,Not Recommended,230410,29960385,Posted: 16 February,all,Djaroem 69,"this game is sucks. so many lags, bugs, connection problems anytime while mission, unnecessary loading, failed update content and cache and many more."
,Recommended,230410,29955429,Posted: 15 February,all,Tekky The Human,"This game is ruthlessly hard for new players, and becomes quite tiresome at endgame. Really, you play because you look fantastic.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,230410,29955806,Posted: 15 February,all,Pure,Good Game
76561198255533079,Recommended,230410,29899135,Posted: 13 February,all,xXtasosGRXx CSGOPOINTS.COM,και γαμωvery nice game
76561198048931335,Recommended,230410,30082757,Posted: 21 February,all,Katalyn Nemaiintalnitul,dat boi likes it
76561198099427908,Recommended,230410,30089058,Posted: 21 February,all,Dersce,"Fantastic and helpful community, great graphics, highly customizable, solid mechanics and progression.Only downsides are if you don't like grinding/farming, and ingame currency(platinum) can be tricky to come by at earlier levels.I'd say solid 8.5/10 for me. But it's free, so try it for yourself and see."
,Recommended,230410,30089407,Posted: 21 February,all,SirRolf,"Pros- Fast gameplay (this might be a con but that is up to you)- Movmen't feels great- You don't have to pay, only for custimisation.- Creative characters (or frames as they are called)Cons- Might get a little grindy- Can be a litlle confusing for beginning player'sSummoryIt's an amazing game and that is why i have been playing this a lot the last copple of months. And i mean like space ninja's."
,Recommended,230410,30087763,Posted: 21 February,all,XpapiX20,Simply awesome
76561198128091345,Recommended,230410,30100569,Posted: 22 February,all,neoruto,awsome !
,Recommended,230410,29494642,Posted: 25 January,all,Shrug,"Quality game, extremely grindy however."
76561198087242943,Recommended,230410,29491183,Posted: 25 January,all,Osmoza,"Good farming simulator, would farm again.Pros-A lot of content-You can have nearly everything without paying real money-A lot weapon types (bows,rifles,shotguns,grenade lounchers, swords,hammers,axes,great swords,rapiers,scythes,knifes,long weapons and more)-Different and unique charactersz-Great game for boring nights-Good look with not too high pc requirement-Pets-Satisfying gameplay-Short but interesting story-Great community-Trade system-Clans and alliancesCons-If you dont want to pay real money, you have to farm a lot-Even if you pay you have to farm a lot-Leveling warframes and weapons can be really boring-Vaulted warframes and weapons-Primed mods-Must have mods (Serration, Hornet strike, Pressure point etc.)-You can feel bad if you have non-prime version of warframe or weapon even if you wasted a lot of time to farm it.-Some weapons are awesome and some are worthless (on higher levels)"
,Recommended,230410,29492491,Posted: 25 January,all,ZeroTimeReaper,"A fun game to play with others. Alone it gets to be really grindy, but with others the grind is still there but if you and (perferably) 3 friends are grinding a boss together the time will pass and you will have what your grinding for in no time. (If rng is fair of course)"
76561198061045200,Recommended,230410,29489829,Posted: 25 January,all,Xavere,Awesome game I guess
76561198042437374,Recommended,230410,29490086,Posted: 25 January,all,icemonitor,"Out of all the fururistic space shooting games, I'd have to say Warframe is the best. Though with recent updates, its not as fun as it used to be, it's still an amazing game. The combat is well done and the controls aren't ridiculous or convoluded like in other games. Though the game runs on microtransactions, it isnt 'pay to win'; its more like 'pay to get a larger selection'but most things that aren't cosmetic can still be earned by regular means. But the most important part of Warframe is probably the movement. Warframe offers fluid, easy to use movement, that doesn't just make it fun to play but also to watch.The game gives you an incredible range of movement that  that ofers way more freedom than most games. Gliding, running up walls, and sliding are only some of the things you can do, but don't worry cause while all these things are available, the game will rarely have parts that will force you to do any of these things. You can take it slow and stealthy, or fast and fluid; you can even just brute your way through things if you really want. There aren't that many games that give you as much freedom as warframe does, so trust me; you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,230410,29489029,Posted: 25 January,all,Uncle Don'tberman,"I do and do not Recommend you this game,the choice depends on your likely style of games.if you like to always be thebest , most special , center of attentionsand things like that you would not find this game amusingUnless you pay some price for Platinum money in the game and Equip yourself with super items and take participation in conclave competitive fights for your honor , your complexes, your own satisfactions or lessmust say leastprobability to attract peopleEspecially Chicks;)but otherwise if you prefer cooperation, teamwork, friendship in work and being social rather than being competitive and specialI Do Really RECOMMEND You This Game(P.S : as long as you don't care much about Cosmetics or you just need to pay for faster customization.)The Most Interesting part of the game is Continuous Cooperation between you and your friends (if you've got and :D). but on the other hand the little disturbing fact is that if you haven't got much free time you'll find it Difficult to Achieve much in gameUnless you pay to Skip, but don't worry it's just pay for skipping and not winning,Being not Pay 2 Win is a good feature of the game for Co-op Part, of course in the competitive part there is a part calledLUNAROthat it's most likely similar to a kind Football, you don't need Equipment and weapons in this type of match, just some Athletic Spirit and a good teamwork (again but against other players this time and not the AI ;) ).Conclusionwell in the end I summarize my Opinion in two sentences:1- Play it if you've got good Friends (like me ;) ) and a good sense of cooperation and just enjoy how much the Teamwork matters in this game.2- Don't Waste your time for Competition by Spending time instead of Money if you don't want to pay.Thanks for your time. ( if you think I'm being a little polite in the end and it clashes with my Photo and my choice of Violent games, Don't be Surprised. appearances can be deceiving ;) )"
,Recommended,230410,29531828,Posted: 27 January,all,OverXdEnd,I am a streamer on twitch tv. among others that play this Fast shooter. its all in space with a great story quest line. i love this game because its not pay to win like other free games i have played. there is all kinds of frames to choose from. make sure you look them up and choose the one that fits your play style. i did this and i have over 88 hours in the game already and i know i will have more. this game is like a MMORPG shooter with a taste of destiny in it. although its not open world liek destiny it has the feel.either a raider or pvper there is something for everyone in this game. you can craft and build everything in the market place. you dont need to buy anything as long as you have time to farm and build.if i could change anything in this game it would be trading limit they limit you to 5 trades a day which i do think is a good idea for a mmorpg based game. because trading is huge part of this game. but i am coming off 11 years or WoW and you can trade as much as you want.other then that please if you would like to check out this game or have questions about it feel free to stop by my stream and ask i am always streaming it.Twitch.tv/angrynewenglanderi will anwser as many questions that you have.DE did a great job making this game and putting time in to the story and each frame. i am so glad i found this game. i cant wait to play more hours. it just keeps getting better and better. this has to be my favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,230410,29531875,Posted: 27 January,all,ur wife left u for a bee,"Honestly I'm not terribly far into this quite yet but from what I've played, this game is crazy fun and crazy addicting. 10/10"
76561198320681071,Recommended,230410,29532315,Posted: 27 January,all,Vanerittt,Its like terminator and ninjas.......but in SPAAAAAAAAAAACE!
,Recommended,230410,29567430,Posted: 29 January,all,Blurry Face,nice game
76561198078161529,Recommended,230410,29567722,Posted: 29 January,all,Ferdy,at the time if this review i have over 50 hours into this game and i have to say I enjoy it.  Its a bit grindy but its good at passing time and for a free game its not bad.  Some day I might spend some money on this game cause of the DLC that came out but right now its fun.  That being said the game itself has changed alot from when i started to when i came back it was easy to get back in there and slice and dice but i still need to figure out the new stuff that has been added in.I would give this a 8/10  I would give it better but the micro transactions to get good warframes is a downsideGraphic wise i would say 10/10 its a beautiful game
,Recommended,230410,29671742,Posted: 3 February,all,Noobish Newb,I spent a few hours in this game and its pretty good.
,Recommended,230410,29932233,Posted: 14 February,all,Metagross10048,I Liek Frost cuz he be chill af ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198127209682,Recommended,230410,29932373,Posted: 14 February,all,EZ,"Warframe is an amazing game and it is very fun to play with friends and mess around with the amazing movement system, which is by far my favortie part of this game (makes me feel like a frikin epic space ninja dude). Almost everything about this game is perfect, but there are some major things holding it back I feel. When just beginning it is very fun, but as you get to higher levels you have to grind so damn much for anything, it is ridiculous. It will take you about 3 days to craft a warframe, even when you start every part right after the other part finishes. And if you want to not play free 2 play, it is expensive. Platinum costs so much when not on sale, making it very expensive to buy more than one thing. I love warframe, but, like many others, I hate the grind. The End! XD"
,Recommended,230410,29932467,Posted: 14 February,all,Blackthorne,"It's pretty good.-----------------------On a serious note, this is one of the best free to play games I have ever played. You can aquire everything in the game (including Platinum) without spending any real money at all. The platinum you purchase with real money can get your access to certain items in a shorter amount of time, but by no means is it necessary.My only suggestion for the game is a little more information from the game itself about the various currencies, mods, junctions, relics, mission types, etc. New players are often very lost as to what to do, or where to go or even how to do it. I also feel like the Raptor boss on Europa is too difficult for players when they first meet it. They have no easy access to plastids, and often are only Mastery Rank 4-6. It is a huge steep curve in difficulty, that only rockets back down to the same consistency the player is used to as you progress onto Saturn and beyond.Otherwise give this game a try, play solo or in public matchmaking. Even better if you have some friends to play with.Good luck, Tenno!"
76561198302995836,Recommended,230410,29914318,Posted: 13 February,all,Milkbone,Game is LIT!10/10
,Recommended,230410,29935117,Posted: 14 February,all,TrillaWay,"Warframe? pretty lit, had to switch to console though cause my computer isnt dipped in gold and plated with plutonium so yeah, just get it on console or if you spend 5000 bucks on a computer go ahead man, just buy me a new graphics card too, also its a free, almsot triple A ish game."
,Recommended,230410,29937636,Posted: 15 February,all,TheIronSoldier,You know. It's okay. For a free to play it's pretty good. But if you want to get anywhere in this game this side of 2017 be prepared to spend real money.
,Recommended,230410,30021647,Posted: 18 February,all,ppknees,"This is essentially everything I want in a game. I mainly play this on the Xbox but it's great whichever platform you choose. Try Atlas, my personal favorite ;)"
76561197988814960,Not Recommended,230410,29596724,Posted: 30 January,all,SuperHans,Bad game with bad programming. I killed all the enemies in my way and still did not get enough oxygen to survive a 10 minute battle. I killed every enemy. I expect to be punished if I fail but when I do every thing right. Use my abilities. Kill waves of enemies and still get a fail because the damn annoying woman won;t send you enough air. Never re-downloading this. Will never recommend. Would rather watch paint dry then play this game.
,Recommended,230410,29596921,Posted: 30 January,all,BlackDrag0n,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played. It's almost impossible to get bored of, they are always adding new content, reworking broken features and fixing bugs. Plus its a team reliant game, so you don't have to be bored of running endless missions by yourself, using a completly broken and unbalanced weapon, instead you can get together with some of your friends and kick some grineer♥♥♥♥♥while camping in a corner.Pros:Endless gameplayAlways adding new featuresTrade systemTeam gameplay (clans, alliances and squads)Many ways to play the gameMany warframes and weaponsMostly a great communityect.Cons:DE doesn't listen to the community much anymore (removes great features because a bunch of noobs think its to hard, and replaced it with an extremly stupid system, instead of fixing the problems that people complained about) (easily fixable)Stupid, just utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game features, or the lack of them (Enemies magically know where you are always once alerted, enemies sometimes way to strong for their level, ect.)Loki trolls XD10/10 IGNWould sell family to buy platinum again."
76561198152257150,Recommended,230410,29657466,Posted: 2 February,all,nefugi,Its a lot of grinding for stuff.
76561198018553369,Recommended,230410,29680260,Posted: 3 February,all,The Last Bacon,"I got into playing warframe a bit later than all the cool kids but It quickly became my favourite free to play game of all time. There is no denying the value you are getting in this package without having to pay a thing upfront. The game does however have a few minor issues which, however insignificant, should still be mentioned.Pros:The game has a intricate and interesting lore which is just ripe for exploring. Whether thats done via scanning different things in mission or completeing the various quests there is always more to learn about this world. That said you won't be running out of content any time soon. The variety when it comes to weapons, warframes and equipment is truly amazing and they keed adding to it constantly. Furthermore the extensive customization and upgradability of different items provides even more depth,My personal reccomendation for anyone is to play with a group of friends because that's when this game really shines. The public matchmaking isn't too bad either however you may encounter lag as well as AFK playes which are to be expected.Cons:Playing this game alone can sometimes be extremely boring and on higher tier mission it is directly discoraged as the game can get pretty difficult and going solo will just be a pain. The higher level equipment often requires a fair bit of farming which can quickly get repetitive and what doesn't help is that the rng sometimes seems utterly broken. And don't get surprised if it actually is broken as the game does suffer from its share of bugs and connectivity issues. Oh yeah and everytime you launch the game prepare yourself for 15 minutes of downloading new content....but maybe that's just me.Overall I think warframe is a stellar example of how ftp games should be done. Whilst having microtransactions most of the high tier equipment isn't actually purchasable so forget about the ''pay to win'' strategy. There is no denying the ammount of content, lore and hours of fun you can have with your friends without paying a dollar."
76561198262545953,Recommended,230410,29677642,Posted: 3 February,all,Gariex,Good
,Recommended,230410,29677766,Posted: 3 February,all,-Nexi-,great game
,Recommended,230410,29677863,Posted: 3 February,all,x6u7x,great game lots of play time to it and you dont ever have to buy a thing
,Recommended,230410,29678052,Posted: 3 February,all,RầꞥdomFlux,my game is gone idk y help
,Recommended,230410,29679417,Posted: 3 February,all,X-96,I love playing this game and since all those new quests came out its even better
,Recommended,230410,29679574,Posted: 3 February,all,Magna Imperatoris,"pretty cool, but can you guys make like inventory items?"
76561198066055201,Recommended,230410,29678206,Posted: 3 February,all,Schnitzel,Werry Goot!
,Recommended,230410,29946885,Posted: 15 February,all,✪JayshowTV,good game
,Recommended,230410,29885062,Posted: 12 February,all,Shrimpfrost,"A relaxing, fun game about weird alien esque peoples and descendants of humans in the distant future. Innovative gameplay and awesome warframes, abilities, weapons, maps, and missions. The story line is always growing and getting longer and more interesting as development continues. Can be a bit pay to win, but PvP is not required in the base game and the community is really friendly, which isn't very common in games today."
76561198058973732,Recommended,230410,29912872,Posted: 13 February,all,DeadlyLava,"Great game,Pros:- Great game mechanics.- Good graphics.- Awesome fighting.- Superb Storyline/quests.- Huge arsenal of Primary, Secondary and melee weapons.- So many characters to pick from with a fair amount of companions as well.- A great map setup, being across planets and ships.- Everything can be accomplished without paying to win (P2W).Cons:- If you want to P2W (buy stuff with platinum), You wont get the full super awesome experience of this mega cool game.TL;DREverything is great about this game unless, you don't want to ""actually play"" the game."
,Recommended,230410,29910874,Posted: 13 February,all,IMALLWEED71,asdfaedfaqewrfaqwfawaswfaSfasdafawffazsxfdaswfdawsfdasf
,Recommended,230410,29911085,Posted: 13 February,all,🔥💕LadyFortress💕🔥,eh
76561198069061970,Recommended,230410,29912258,Posted: 13 February,all,Rice Grainz,I love this game but there is one issue. IT KEEPS UNINSTALLING ITSELF.
76561198215471755,Recommended,230410,29912432,Posted: 13 February,all,Ur mum,This is easily one of the best games I have ever played. Just download it
,Recommended,230410,29771578,Posted: 7 February,all,masterlilchief34,1 word AWESOME
76561198086484653,Recommended,230410,29771860,Posted: 7 February,all,AMD_Gamer,"pros....Very fun game with friends, PREPAIR to grind.....between account lvling and then weapon leveling and finding materials for new Warframes, peices, and weapon parts it will take a LONG time. So dont worry about getting bored. The campaigns are awesome "" Quests"". You can earn warframes from then, weapons and potatos for weapons and warframes. You really dont need to buy any platnium from store for ingame bonus because once you get to like endgame builds and max warframes and you basically have them all you can farm weapons peices for people who are lower lvl and want to buy it with plat you can trade via trading chat. You can literally become a trader if you will.Cons... the only issue i had was like how long it takes to build a warframes, Each peice takes 6 to 12 hours then to build whole warframes takes 3 days.... ALL in real time. so you literally have to wait 3 full days unless you have plat. to rush the foundry."
,Recommended,230410,29767096,Posted: 7 February,all,Ziegenpriester erdogan,i didnt get the e-mail with the link to aktivate my account :-((I played it at a friends home and i wanted this game soo badplease fiks this because it is a problem for other and me
,Recommended,230410,29769347,Posted: 7 February,all,SuperS0nic54,i wiN
76561198111235650,Recommended,230410,29769731,Posted: 7 February,all,sharvey25171,amazing game for free you can not spend a penny and grind like a mofo or spend a little and get a leap in the right direction its up to you.
,Recommended,230410,29724609,Posted: 5 February,all,huemaster,"I have had a mixed relationship with Warframe. On one hand, the combat is innovative, straddling beat em' up and TPS, and there is many characters and weapons you can get. How to get them is another story. When I started the game, it was quite simple. 20 melees, 20 guns, and not very many characters (Warframes). I played the game for nearly 100 hours. I took a break for around 3-4 months. When I came back, they added a metric crapton of updates, most of which I didnt even understand. The game is very complex, and I still dont understand it. To make a long story short, they almost ruined it.I dont have very much incentive to play the game, but bottom line it is a good game."
76561197981517147,Recommended,230410,29745197,Posted: 6 February,all,TheSadTree,Farm for everything but farming is murder!
,Recommended,230410,29672138,Posted: 3 February,all,For2ak3n,"Overall not bad. (Missing 10 items inggame, nearly finished the game, honest pros cons down below)When u got bored seeing so much text just get to the end where is a honest short opinion-pros1You get to shoot stuff,2You get to shooot more stuff3Story is compeling and the level of detail is amasing.4You get to choose from different styles to play even any character or weapon can be used in your unique way.5It's a co-op 3rd person shooter that has even a pvp mode and ""lunaro"" the spacefuture rocket leauge that none plays.6.There is around 370 uniqe different items (currently, game is updated) that u can play with, so it's fun.-cons1.You need to grind a lifetime there if you don't waste money (like i had in mind)2.The tilesets are a generic mix that are randomly created of (i think 4 same posible tileset parts used on that planet)3.There are like 10 modes maximum ingame, still compeling but if you go as exaple to an endlles mission and a dude that's hosting it leaves after the first rotation, you gota leave it beacuse it gets buggy or they force end the mission (surv).4.No dedicated servers, just for PVP *people provide hosting on volontary basis but so far i doubt i played on one5.Do not stay in regional chat nor try to make like minded firends (applies just for sharing thoughts about the way u play, it's not that toxic to talk about general) the thing is there is allways someone that ""knows better"" is ""pro"" in a game that has only pvp mode to measure individual skill, when u play the acctuall game you just grind or buy gear to shoot alien stuff so you can't prove you got the skill, best setup in any case scenario.6.When you start off, gota have patience and be efficient, or you will need to waste money (you get only 2 trades per day that increase while u get more rank, your contribution to other teams is limited so nobody wants to take you to the better runs *most often)7.The endgame (after u grind everything or buy) looks like a fashion show, you barely have to do something after acomplishments are made you just foucs your gear looks nice for the few runs you do.... untill next update where u get to grind more stuff.Honest as short as posibleThis game is accutally not that bad, the only problems are when u start off or reach near the end, at the begin you don't have much to begin and you need to do so much things, and at the end you have everything and it gets boring in some way. But besides unfinished content and some bugs, nerfs that freak out most of the players. It's really most of the time fun to play and looks quite nice with a really nice story. And you get to grind so much so it's either time or money demanding, if you are efficient you need around 1.5k hours to get most of the stuff (money spending not included) if you are a rich boi/waifu this game is quite easy for you, just find someone that will help you rank that stuff you get for your ""hard earned money"" anyways i whould recomend this game. Because if you play efficient and want to shoot from amasing looking uniqe weapons on good looking tilesets. you can have a try. BUT have patience and learn what are dmg types and what is mostly used for so you get that efficiency."
76561198197534039,Recommended,230410,29676827,Posted: 3 February,all,gnsair,"realy nice game i uploud videos and its going preaty good and the game is realy nice but it gets a little boring some times so then i go to pvp, also sometimes such as now i cant update the game it just says updat failed and i spent munnyes on the game"
76561198158987066,Recommended,230410,29676865,Posted: 3 February,all,Tomas7854,<3
76561198159014827,Recommended,230410,29676906,Posted: 3 February,all,vizthex,"Great game, but whenever there's an update I have to re-install it. Good otherwise though."
76561198225522980,Recommended,230410,29681662,Posted: 3 February,all,SHARKTALE2THEMOVIE,"I had to attend Warframes Anonymous to curb my addiction, only having several interventions from family and friends.10/10 would sell my body for platinum again"
76561198273764307,Recommended,230410,29681933,Posted: 3 February,all,King Shit Of Turd Island,sexy
,Recommended,230410,29646240,Posted: 2 February,all,BatLewd,Perfect shooting co-op multiplayer I've ever played
,Recommended,230410,29643581,Posted: 1 February,all,Patches The Pirate,This game is.....Master PieceReally nice storyA lot of weapon to craft etcYou can find new friend
,Not Recommended,230410,29642406,Posted: 1 February,all,Nyme,Support is a♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game is a farming simulator.
76561198097303252,Not Recommended,230410,29636119,Posted: 1 February,all,mechanikilla,"the devs ruined it, around about the time they changed viod keys into a pathetic grindthe community used to be something, but the devs scrapped their humility and turned warframe into a religion, rather than an ever-evolving peice of artwork that it once was, back when i could genuinely rate this game a 10/10, those where the days, sadly i missed out, i only got a few hours at a time before my laptop tunred into a laptoaster, i only got a pc just after its declineif the devs ever pull their head out their swampy butt flaps, maybe i'll come back"
,Recommended,230410,29635119,Posted: 1 February,all,Snik,Ninja space jumping aliensemmnipple eyes/10
76561198027879775,Recommended,230410,29638590,Posted: 1 February,all,Metrix,11/10 IGN MADE ME KILL MY WHOLE FAMILY!!! XXDDXXDXDD
76561198166039566,Recommended,230410,29628124,Posted: 1 February,all,HughJass Whole,"Would recommend to anyone, super fun, fast paced, lots of awesome looking weapons and warframes!"
76561198061513947,Recommended,230410,29628306,Posted: 1 February,all,Parachute Man,I like this game
76561198223204456,Recommended,230410,29629137,Posted: 1 February,all,尺卂卄卂ㄥㄩ丂,Game yang penuh dengan fantasi........membuat pemain supaya dapat terampil dalam bermain game menggunakan keyboard n mouse.
,Recommended,230410,29557842,Posted: 28 January,all,A Gay Cat,"Pros:Pretty much everythingCons:The grind gets a bit rediculous but not to the point that it seems impossibleGamebreaking:The movement system might possibly be the worst freerunning/parkour system in all of video games. While attemping to freerun you will constantly be launched across the map, clip into the map and be trapped, fall through the map, go in the opposite direction you intended, and fall into death pits. Sometimes this leads to you failing a mission or a mastery rank that is locked for another 24 hours. This is by far the most infuriating part of the game because it's written about as well as spaghetti thrown at a wall.There are some completely gamebreaking glitches, such as Rescue on Lua that will frequently leave you without the ability to shoot, hack, change weapons, or use abilities, and the only way to get unglitched is to die which may lose you the mission.For all its other positive qualities, I can't blame you if the small amount of gamebreaking glitches annoys you. There aren't many glitches, but they are serious enough to make you ragequit and not touch the game for days."
,Recommended,230410,29560087,Posted: 29 January,all,NiQQa,I love this game!
76561198112335930,Recommended,230410,29558878,Posted: 29 January,all,Blackbear,"Everytime I get bored of this game I just leave for a couple months then come back and the entire game is different...Devs are amazing! If you've never played warframe, then get it! Seriously! It's great."
76561198102710250,Recommended,230410,29556989,Posted: 28 January,all,Autism Australia,i waste my life on this
76561198130732192,Recommended,230410,29557164,Posted: 28 January,all,silver-wolf91,"I love this game. You can't go wrong with space ninjas. I play this game at least for some amount of time every day. I love that you can customize and mod your weapons and Warframe and most of all I love that you can get virtually everything in the game by working hard at it. For making this such a great game, I am glad to buy things in the game. It's so much fun!"
76561198021658572,Recommended,230410,29557365,Posted: 28 January,all,Xplode,"This game has a lot going on for it being free. It can be quite confusing at the start, but enjoyable once you figure it out. I'd recommend playing with friends."
76561198251805914,Recommended,230410,29557575,Posted: 28 January,all,colinapplegate816,cant seem to get my password to go in and the warframe web site is not help anyways just better off playing it on my xboxone
,Recommended,230410,29812294,Posted: 9 February,all,PublicWifi,"I started playing this game 1 month before The Division was released. I went back to this game, right here, folks.Space ninjas... ((((((( IN SPACE )))))))Great game. Love it. Lots of fun. There's always a frame, mod, or weapon you're drooling over.Wait - why am I writing this review and not playing? Eff.Just download it."
,Recommended,230410,29812797,Posted: 9 February,all,ghxc2,yes.
76561198058625400,Recommended,230410,29813105,Posted: 9 February,all,Slothful,Very good
,Recommended,230410,29772640,Posted: 7 February,all,Grim,I need help. I need to stop.
,Recommended,230410,29796248,Posted: 8 February,all,Michael Peach,you need to give it a try. 10/10 for a free game
,Recommended,230410,29793709,Posted: 8 February,all,FetishFish,Fun.
,Recommended,230410,29792670,Posted: 8 February,all,Thanatos Relvian,fun third person shooter
76561198042998871,Recommended,230410,29793852,Posted: 8 February,all,CorinthX,"Game is pretty fun. I play it a bit.They add a lot of new content very often, which is awesome. They quests and story line are also very good. By now a new player probably has 20 or 30 hours of just story to play through! The game is very in depth and you can customize weapons and warframes with what seems like unlimited mods and even design your own clan, room by room! You can run missions and trade items, blueprints, and special weapons with other players! I haven't even gotten into syndicates yet. Or that there are like a million weapons and warframes to play with. I highly recommend."
76561198117252981,Recommended,230410,29794379,Posted: 8 February,all,Lon,"I have played this game off and on for the last couple years.  SO much has changed since I first started.  The dev time is excellent at making strides forward with Warframe. Something that impresses me alot is how they keep working on improving their current content while they make new content.  Whether they are polishing and improving the graphics, or sound, or reworking boss fights and making them more interesting, it seems like they work hard to improve what they have instead of ONLY focusing on new content.  The Dev's are VERY open too in their streams, discussing much of what they are working on.This is my favorite free to play game, and if some other game catches my interest I always find my way back to Warframe and getting back into it.  The in game store doesn't feel pay to win AT ALL, especially since the best versions of things are recieved from farming (or buying off of other people).  The only thing you might have difficulty with if you choose not to spend any money, are extra Warframe and Weapon slots.  But there are ways that you can get items to sell players that will allow you to open up more slots, so you don't have to spend any real money if you choose not to.Besides the awesome dev team, another thing i like is that they have been doing a REALLY good job adding story to this game.  I remember when i first started to play it felt like any kind of story dropped off.  Now it is there and the story is GOOD!!! I LOVE where they are going with the story in this game, it's amazing!!!In Conclusion:  It's free, and it's awesome. Try it!"
,Recommended,230410,29794622,Posted: 8 February,all,Asyraf,Ok.
,Recommended,230410,29789795,Posted: 8 February,all,TomaMamaWeba,after you get used to warframe mobility it looks like any other game just sucks in that aspect xD. 400hrs killing them all!  this game is like a drug... it just needs more lategame content in the future.
,Recommended,230410,29786692,Posted: 8 February,all,Veloso Snacktor,It's fun.
,Recommended,230410,29786856,Posted: 8 February,all,byranb1,amazing game
,Recommended,230410,29786989,Posted: 8 February,all,SILENT-FLASH,this is a fully realized state of the art grinding system with full on grinding webs(eg: to go to saturn you have to go to ceres to go to ceres you have to go to phobos to go to phobos you have to go to mars to go to mars you have to go to mercury to go to mercury you have to go to venus to go to venus you have to beat the boss on earth to go to earth you have to start the game)
,Recommended,230410,29787153,Posted: 8 February,all,michael p,im am have no words
76561198076133177,Recommended,230410,29787769,Posted: 8 February,all,Fb||David Nwanze,Do you have friends and a pc if you do you have no excuse not to play this game
,Recommended,230410,29773919,Posted: 7 February,all,The Business Sloth,"I've played this game so much that when I'm trying to type warfare, my muscle memory just auto types warframe. I think I need help"
76561198282601661,Not Recommended,230410,29855307,Posted: 11 February,all,Hitman,You have to work so dam hard to get a gun not fun and i like cannot die its too dam ez
,Recommended,230410,29822414,Posted: 10 February,all,MrBanana™,I LOVE THIS GAME BUT I WOULD NOT PLAY IT 222 HRS
,Recommended,230410,29822891,Posted: 10 February,all,Caitan,Great game that always updates.
76561198257387275,Recommended,230410,29823049,Posted: 10 February,all,Anna <3,this is just fab......very addictive.... you can grind for hours...... pretend to look cool.... try to sneak and end up killing everyone.The trading system is what every mmo needs.Community is humble most of the time ready to help.Devs are really active and serious about the game.They DO care about their tennos.The story is pretty cool too but my only problem comes with that... after some time when you are finished with the current story and grind almost endlessly one day would come where you would want to just abandon this game.This game needs more story.Right now it empty.The second dream was awesome.One day i will return to this game.I hope devs will work out till then.P.S this is my first review :3
76561198142796343,Recommended,230410,29875305,Posted: 12 February,all,Th3BaDVlad CS.MONEY,The game is actually good i like it but to get further either you have to pay money or to grind like monts
76561198007915080,Recommended,230410,29875904,Posted: 12 February,all,Altair,"Enjoying the game so far (500+hrs played). The story and gameplay is good (even though there are some bugs), no p2w aspects unless you want to just speed up crafting something, and it doesn't have a very toxic community"
,Recommended,230410,29876731,Posted: 12 February,all,Cywyth,"It's pretty good, altough sometimes idk what should i do and if you don't have friends like i don't it will be harder to get a party on most of the missions, but on some you can always get a party, i hope you know what i mean"
76561197993100083,Recommended,230410,29784414,Posted: 8 February,all,Gynelologist,I traded enough to turn 30 platinum into 1200 platinum in 2 days. Only spent money for cosmetics.Must be P2W because I never would have been able to sell without those cosmetics.
76561198209491112,Recommended,230410,29933131,Posted: 14 February,all,KINGPYTHON,One of the bst free to play realy dis game provides so much as a free to play so much content awesome graphics cool combat Nd mechanics so just try it it's worth a try #ty devs
,Recommended,230410,29933275,Posted: 14 February,all,Thebluewhisker,Very grindy but it is very fun and worth it.
,Recommended,230410,29973318,Posted: 16 February,all,Cockpeadrew,"Space.... A land full of nothing at all, with the exception of the Infested, Corpus, Grineer, and other stuff. And you get to go and fight those things. Sounds pretty good to me. And one of the best things is that it's free. ☺"
,Recommended,230410,29975581,Posted: 16 February,all,Appiu,Great game.
76561198259152143,Recommended,230410,29971436,Posted: 16 February,all,vivoLIVE,Is very good multiplayer game.
,Recommended,230410,29949075,Posted: 15 February,all,SpookyAsianMan 狙擊狼,"Warframe is a gem when it comes to style. Walk around in style, shoot weapons with style, slice/smash/electrify/greet enemies with style, and style yourself with style.The game's art is one of the most unique and otherworldly, yet you can familiarly acquaint yourself with it, and comfortably find your place in it."
76561198011429318,Recommended,230410,29943349,Posted: 15 February,all,roshak_avion,"Short Version: Warframe is a good Third-person Free to play with great combat and decent variety, fair business model but can suffer from grind and repetitive gameplay. Still worth your time and you’ll get some fun experiences and moments out of it.Long version: I don’t like usually playing online but this game intrigued me enough from some videos and looked cool plus I can play solo. I will say the learning curve and experience was quite the challenge. A LOT of game mechanics and other items were not explained or mentioned in the tutorial like Mod Fusion and it took wiki searches and youtube videos to figure out aspects of the game. Also after the tutorial was done I didn’t know quite what to do or if this was just a system of open gaming that I’m not used to.The combat is fantastic. Weapons have different feels to them, and different characteristics. You can combo different movement and melee strikes to perform multiple and different attacks which especially with a stance can be a great pleasure to watch and experience (Nothing like smashing everything with a mace or spinning around slicing up foes with dual swords).Also for a good portion of the missions while the objectives are simple you can decide if you want to go stealth or with guns blazing or a combination of the two. Most mission objectives involve you killing enemies and performing variations of tasks such as taking a component to specific locations, protecting points on the map or eliminating targets. You can decide how you want to approach a mission depending on your warframe choice.There is also a flight mode called Archwing which is neat but is not as polished as the rest of game and doesn’t get updated very often. The missions and alerts are far in between and would like to see this updated and expanded as it shows promise.The games sense of progression is decent as you can accomplish a fair amount if you sink in the time with getting new upgrades to customize your warframes, weapons and companion units. There are also quests and some lore options they added to help you explore the universe that reward exploration.Almost everything in the game you can get for free if you put in the time. Warframes, weapons, companions, mods everything. The only thing that you’ll need to pay for are cosmetics, or community made content. It can take a LONG time to get a warframe depending on the one you want so be sure to look up where you need to get parts for it via the wiki. Otherwise if you really want it now you can just buy it outright.My griefs about the game is that it can be bit repetitive with certain quests and missions asking you to perform similar to the same tasks over and over again. This can be frustrating if the task is a long one and you’re doing it solo. You can get far  on solo but there are some modes and quests that are better with a team. Often you’ll have dome something 3 times to get the reward or the option to build the reward wether it be a weapon, a component or a quest item. I feel like the Titania Quest was the best compromise on this and while it had repetitive tasks I always got the sense of progression instead of being stopped doing the same mission over and over to get a part or a blueprint.I’ve recently slowed down my play and actually taking a break from it. Which after the amount of hours and a 1 year for a free to play game is actually really solid. The developers are always updating and applying fixes so I easily see myself coming back for the new content. They have greatly improved the new player experience so the issues I mentioned earlier have been made easier for players to understand and more obvious.I would say if the game looks cool to you and fun, it is and it is worth your time. Even if after first quest or couple of planets is all you play the environments and levels are fantastic (Uranus I think has the best in terms of level eye candy and reminds me of  Bioshock). They’ve added a LOT more content to the game since I started so as this continues this game has a greater and greater value especially for the price of a free online account."
,Recommended,230410,29943640,Posted: 15 February,all,Definetly not an audio maniac.,"A game with good grapich,story,multiplayer. I like that. The grapich is amazing. And its F2P so i only can recommend it 10/10"
,Recommended,230410,29979443,Posted: 17 February,all,WolfRayet104,"I will start with this: If you don't have this game, get it. With the exception of maybe Dota 2, its without a doubt the best F2P game on Steam. You're missing out.Nearly 1.5k hours in (some of it was logged before it was added to Steam) and I feel like its finally time to write a review.I've been with DE/Warframe since the very, very early beta, and god damn they have come far. I am so proud of them as a developer, actively listening to the community and constantly updating the game with new features and eye candy to spend your hard (bought) platinum on. Of course, its not all sunshine and kubrows. There have been a few 'questionable' choices made to the game, but with community feedback (totally not screaming and cursing on the forums) and hard work, 99% of the nonsense has been fixed. The game it has become is barely recognizable from when I first started playing, and thats a good thing.The business model is absolutely fair, you don't have to buy a single thing at all (apart from Tennogen fan created skins, which are purely cosmetic). You can instantly unlock in-game items and cosmetics with 'Platinum' which is bought with real (Steam) money, but you can also obtain that in game for free, albeit more slowly. There is a daily chance to get a 20%, 50% and 75% discount though, which is quite frankly amazing. Some people will argue and say that the farming is ridiculous, but it really isn't. Once you have max level gear, which takes about 2 hours give or take, you can do almost anything, farm anywhere and get as many resources as you need. My only qualm would be the things you can only get from time-limited alerts (Nitain Extracts, Vauban, etc.) but if you play, they will appear more often than you think.At the end of the day, I don't regret a single dollar or hour I have spent on this game.  I actually wish I had've spent more at the start to get Excalibur Prime, who was only available for beta players that pledged a certain amount, kinda like a Kickstarter. I can see myself playing this for many, many more years and I can't wait to see what DE have planned in the future.Registered loser, signing off.(P.S: If you're one of those absolute knob goblins that has over 300 hours on this game and then gives it a bad review, just delete Steam and re-evaluate your life. If its taken you that long to realize you don't enjoy it because ""the grinding is too hard"" or ""prime access is stupid"", you might want to go and get your head checked.)"
,Recommended,230410,29832596,Posted: 10 February,all,Insert Meme Here,"Absolutely stunning for a f2p game. It has in-game transactions but this game isn't really pay to win. It's more to being pay to win FASTER. Not that there is an endgame for now. I have personally clocked in over 800 hours on this game and aside from all the grinding and praying to RNGesus, Warframe still somehow manages to keep it interesting. Space Ninjas. 9/10"
76561198067791431,Recommended,230410,29834521,Posted: 10 February,all,WLG,good
,Recommended,230410,29834625,Posted: 10 February,all,MistaWiggles,I guess its good.
,Recommended,230410,29704162,Posted: 4 February,all,MeefMoof,"pretty good game, love the combat"
,Recommended,230410,29773139,Posted: 7 February,all,Ser0Ram1x,HaHa yes
,Recommended,230410,29955785,Posted: 15 February,all,George.jpg,10/10 Would still be a beginner at 50 hours in the game again.
,Recommended,230410,29980759,Posted: 17 February,all,Silv3rshadow,Played the Beta back in the day and thaught 'mehhh'.Now: heck yes! many frames to choose from and you can actually customise to what you want! :D
76561198215698980,Recommended,230410,29981938,Posted: 17 February,all,irfanrabbat,"Amazing game, but the only negative point is that everything depends on platinum."
76561198153997886,Recommended,230410,29553519,Posted: 28 January,all,Th3F@NGL0rD,games gr8 fun and with all the updates it doesnt get boring
,Recommended,230410,29552744,Posted: 28 January,all,braygator,Sooooooo Good.That's it. GOOD. Free. No reason not to get it.
76561198321414034,Recommended,230410,29551444,Posted: 28 January,all,SimonFamily1,"This game, Warframe, has one of the most in depth and catchiest begginings I have ever seen in a game. Keep it going! xD"
76561198201819772,Recommended,230410,29477577,Posted: 24 January,all,Ashen,"So, you here for Warframe??? Lemme ask you something. Do you like ninjas? Do you like space??? Do you like blood and gore?? And do you like to be the most beautiful warframe in the entire universe. Then warframe it's for you! And there are many more things that you can explore for yourself cuz I can't list them all out. Lol"
76561198086510390,Recommended,230410,29477953,Posted: 24 January,all,Fire_Storm981,Love this game! Have it on my PS4 as well and play it with my buddies on there. Couldn't reccomend it enough!
,Recommended,230410,29495320,Posted: 25 January,all,Blue,"I will be completely honest. I spent money on this game. However a game of this quality is wholly deserving of my funds. The depth of the content, the potential of the customization, and the versatility of the gameplay, make this game truly fun to play.Hardcore MMO players have their grindfest and min/max questCasual shooter-fans have their fast paced combat and semi-simple customizationA note on my purchase: I got a price reduction for platinum as part of a brand new account I set up (had an old one from the very early start of the game; It was so different I needed a clean slate). To my memory, I used $50 and got thousands of platinum to start off my game. I got a warframe, some customization pieces, and started to blitz my way through missions. It was so fun to play as a casual shooter/action game, and the mechanics are well done. That $50 i do not see as a microtransaction, but more as a $50 i would have spent on this game if it wasnt free to play.In essence, I would pay $50 for this game w/o microtransactions, so spending $50 on them isn't so badJust gotta resist the urge to spend more. Thats how these games get you"
,Recommended,230410,29495408,Posted: 25 January,all,✪ Ballistic,really love this game but i would like to start again does anyone know how to reset the game on your gmail account?
,Recommended,230410,29495974,Posted: 25 January,all,Daegon Moonstalker,"Do I recommend playing this game? Yes.Do I recommend spending money on platinum? Not on your life. You can farm it in game but DE keeps making it harder and harder, especially if you start later.Pros: Gameplay is fastpaced for everything except spy and a mode ironically called rush (They legit punish you if you go too fast, and archwing itself is just an abortion, but later on that.)Can be fun with a competent group.Most content can be soloed, if you're into that (except interception, which can be a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare.)Cons: There are 9 primary guns that are even end-game ready. 9. Not much for variety. And that doesn't change. Also a handful of those end game weapons were related to a time-specific event, so you can't get those anymoreAlso certain warframes are hardcore useless. Avoid Banshee, Oberon, Limbo and Hydroid like the plague.Credits are impossible to farm easily (Now that they've nerfed Secura Lecta), so more pay to win fun.Some groups you'll need for sorties (-the- endgame) are literally hat on foot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you go in aware that at some point DE will shoot itself in the foot and give you, the customer, the middle finger, you'll love this game and its new turn towards pay to win. (Specifically, the Nidus update)But you'd be better off getting a PS4 and Destiny for a better, less toxic experience."
,Recommended,230410,29486928,Posted: 25 January,all,The hue that plays games,Great game!! I'm surprised it's free!! I Have so much fun playing this game!!
,Recommended,230410,29497263,Posted: 25 January,all,Swedish Yandere,"I am almost addicted to this game. While you can buy Platinum for real currency, You can make everything for credits (in-game currency.) I've been playing this almost everyday and i love it. It's free so you have nothing to lose."
,Recommended,230410,29538064,Posted: 28 January,all,PICKLE RIIIIICK!!!!,Tried it a few times...kinda meh :/
76561198010792731,Recommended,230410,29517617,Posted: 27 January,all,wolfsghost,"I play more on the xboxone,  its fun and all but a majority of features and items are not accessable unless you pay... I am not able to throw down over $200 to get everything and I am not willing to throw my lunch money at a game just for the sliver of what the game has to offer...I do enjoy the game honestly, its sporty, stealthy, hack and slash and shoot style, and competitive play is enjoyable. but it lacks in the department of affordability and pay to fully enjoy...things take time to craft, eggs take time to hatch, missions available at random... the game begs to be played constantly for bettter rewards.  however if you throw down money to speed up crafting or more gear space or just better gear you will instantly leave behind the free to play players in the dust instantaniously...  I watched  a kid who begged his mum to put money on his game account, no idea how much, but him suddenly having 4 tenno suits, a couple of pets, and several powerful weapons just made me sick because now he flys through games so far ahead of me that i cant keep up.  i had to halt gaming with him permanently because i cant enjoy the sport in the game its self, i want to stealth like a ninja on my missions sometimes and everyone speeds through like demons on adderal infused speed bypassing the point of being stealthy.so in full oppinion, this game is ""yes"" its fun, I enjoy playing it and will still play it.  but I hate its ""freemium"" concept that boosts players with more money by a landslide.  who wants to play a pvp game against someone who bought all his powerful gear with money?  not this guy..."
,Recommended,230410,29519699,Posted: 27 January,all,No-Op,"It's fun as long as you don't mind the grind, or don't play very often, because it literally takes days to craft some things in this game."
,Recommended,230410,29521824,Posted: 27 January,all,SammuelMiranda,"This is indeed one of the best MMO's released on the latest years.It was already great upon release with just the co-op/solo type of missions and initial content of warframes and gear, but then ... ohhh then ... they added PvP, Archwing and many different types of missions, rearranged the star system map, mods and the most various upgrades and much more.It is by far one of the most engaging game i've seen in a while, they don't seem to be slowing it down either (in develpment of new content) and it just keeps getting better.One thing you'll notice on this game is that all missions are rewarding, and if you push harder (defend longer, kill more, extract more etc) than necessary, the rewards increase as well. For example: you have a mission to defend ""drills"" until they extract 500 units of something, after that you can leave with the mission completed, but if you keep fueling the drills they will extract more and more, increasing your reward and maybe finding some rare mod or something ...play the game!"
,Recommended,230410,29519978,Posted: 27 January,all,Buczers,I think I like it
76561198105870649,Recommended,230410,29520654,Posted: 27 January,all,Nac745,CLEM!!!
76561198115353900,Recommended,230410,29541441,Posted: 28 January,all,KryPton,ok
,Recommended,230410,29429886,Posted: 22 January,all,sethf200,Warframe is just awesome I would play this game all day! I totally recommend it.
76561198076324900,Recommended,230410,29434074,Posted: 22 January,all,SirMokku,Gut gaem but too few contetn
76561198182808534,Recommended,230410,29822038,Posted: 10 February,all,MotherFuhrer,"I have more time on Warframe than Steam says. 500 hours. All I have to say is if you're new and can get past the introduction and beginning, you will never stop. Clear out the rest of your life to play this game. Use the market for trading, and the wikia for informantion, and the reddit for more information/memes/news. Do this and you'll never stop playing."
,Recommended,230410,29822189,Posted: 10 February,all,Super Hans,"It's the biggest grindfest, but it sure does look pretty."
,Recommended,230410,29823397,Posted: 10 February,all,Sonic The AWPer,A VERY nice game! Hard but fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198260990349,Recommended,230410,29823847,Posted: 10 February,all,ToMAWS,best game
,Recommended,230410,29800152,Posted: 9 February,all,KingSolomonIII,"I will make the shortest review ever! This games is the best F2P game EVER. You only pay for cosmetics, and you actually can buy cosmetics through selling Prime stuff to other players in game for plat and with plat you can buy the cosmetics! The game has ton of stuff to do, as they are always adding new stuff every while, if you compare the game from where it started to NOW, you will find they added lots of stuff. There is a lil bit of grinding to get components to craft your items, or to level them up, but I actually find it fun to do every while and then. There is a lot to do in the game, PvP and PvE elements, PvE is more to be honest, so if you're looking for a PvP game, Warframe isn't the game you've been looking for."
,Recommended,230410,29798658,Posted: 9 February,all,Sterling McCrow,finally got my character to walk.9/10
,Recommended,230410,29794997,Posted: 8 February,all,Hyesu,you are an alien cyborg who basically farms for parts 24/7
76561198093513231,Recommended,230410,29490657,Posted: 25 January,all,GRINIZZLE,love it 10/10
,Recommended,230410,29490821,Posted: 25 January,all,Fat_Strelok,is okborderlands meets mass effect 2lots of grind tho
,Recommended,230410,29493155,Posted: 25 January,all,Scrub,yes
,Recommended,230410,29454251,Posted: 23 January,all,(OLDACCNT) AndreAtLast,♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME
76561198145144193,Recommended,230410,29477416,Posted: 24 January,all,Brimstone,"Great Game for F2P. Stellar Graphics, Fluid Motion, Great Hitboxes. Few minor bugs. Overall one of the better games ive played in my life. 4.8/5"
,Recommended,230410,29482766,Posted: 25 January,all,Hatz,"Good game,its not pay to win but you need serious amount of grindin. dont worry,the community will help XD"
,Recommended,230410,29482106,Posted: 25 January,all,i have never seen vagina,still laggy af :memeframe:
,Recommended,230410,29474085,Posted: 24 January,all,somuchmeat,good
76561198108274924,Recommended,230410,30211499,Posted: 26 February,all,Nash,its awesome
76561198027807134,Recommended,230410,30210868,Posted: 26 February,all,[REDACTED],"Hey there people!Before I start, I know I dont have 500+ hours and I'm only MR6, but for the time I've played, this game has been an amazing work of art.The scenes you'll find in this game are astounding, combat is pretty generic, but fun nonetheless. Enemies are fun to assassinate and snipe from across the map. Pushing away the hours of grinding really needed to get into the game, and (this is just my opinion folks who love this thing) the sometimes horrendous hacking from some of the factions, the weapon/frame crafting that takes awhile (and for those who dont have time for weekday playing, it gets kinda annoying), but I'd say the maps, lore, gameplay, and weapons way out the negatives.Playing with friends is even better, cause you have a team you can trust, depending on how well you do that is.All in all, this game isnt a perfect masterpiece as many want to believe with a robot ninja assassin game, and as some of the other reviews will say, still has some things that really need to be worked on. Besides that, this is an amazing game that you can try out and possibly get into."
,Recommended,230410,30202198,Posted: 26 February,all,Boonk,"Warframe is indeed a game that may be hard to run for some people and DOES take up space, so be wary. But beyond that, Warframe is a fun game, however; just like other games, it's more fun with friends. Warframe does involve alot of grinding and time. If you do not have much patience or a busy scheduale, this game is not for you. I got this game and played for like 2 hours because my brother had it and I thought it was cool, I lost interest in it and deleted it. Then I met some friends who played it and re-downloaded it. I then played the living crap out of it wiht them, having a blast. In this game, there are pieces of a warframes or weapons called "" Prime "" parts. These can be traded to get the more valuable in-game currency called Platinum if you find a willing trading partner. DO NOT spend platinum every second, save it up and buy a good prime warframe or weapon. Good luck, have fun and if you want to play. Add me :D I'm willing to play with anyone, if you add me and want to play and chat. Ask me for my discord :D"
,Recommended,230410,30196992,Posted: 26 February,all,Conie,Really fun when playing with friends.
,Recommended,230410,30190941,Posted: 26 February,all,ShinJie,good game
,Recommended,230410,30189219,Posted: 26 February,all,Lotness,"G'day ppls!So... I don't often review a game but I couldn't help myself on this one.  Warframe is a MMO RPG Space Ninja gem.I'm a cheapass.. it's true.  I'm a disabled pensioner with very little extra income to 'play' with so that was one of the reasons I first approached Warframe.  It is truly free to play.  You *could* play happily through every item, cosmetic or otherwise, every frame.. without paying a thing.  You would just have to spend a lot of time grinding prime parts and selling them for platinum (being the 'prime' currency of Warframe).To be honest, after I spent over 300 hours in the game I was already prepared to blow $5 to get a little plat to speed up my progress after I received a 50% off plat deal on my daily reward.  To know that it helps developers keep working on Warframe is just a bonus ;)I've currently spent almost 600 hours on this game and am not yet max rank which is great value for a game that's a few years old already.  It's primarily PVe with some PVP added on (the PVP needs work but it's passable).Visually it's fantastic.. you get the odd glitch here and there which I usually have a good laugh over, screenshot and show friends.. but that's about it.  It performs great on my older i5 machine with geforce 670.  Smooth as silk... and speaking of smooth as silk.The movement system in the game is brilliant.  Being able to flip, spin, backflip, jump to amazing heights or distances.. grab onto walls, wall run.. I mean, if you want a game that encourages fluidity of movement then this is it!  I always feel so totally like a space ninja!The warframes themselves are pretty well designed with a lot of aesthetic choices and fun abilities.  Some need a little balancing (ie. hydroid which is one of my favs needs an armour/survival upgrade at the very least) but overall... excellent.Sound quality is top notch and very memorable at times.  The quests are actually really enjoyable for the most part... Second Dream and War Within were particular favourites of mine.The community is also excellent.  I've played a lot of League of Legends and Counterstrike and other multiplayer games and at times they can be quite toxic.  In the time I've spent in Warframe I've enjoyed 99% of the interactions I've had with people.  A very genuine fun community.  I've even managed to find friends on here to play other games with :)The developers are pretty in touch with the community.  They hold regular Twitch.tv streams with upcoming news and the forums are very active.The only real cons of Warframe to me so far in my experience is that PVP can be a bit weak (it's amazing if you're with friends.. but otherwise can be a little frustrating as it varies for each player a little depending who's hosting amongst other factors) and for the major lack of good beginner tutorials.  (for example.. I knew about crouch jump.. but until rank 6 I didn't realise it actually could be 'aimed' as such in the direction of the mouse allowing for higher jumps).If you're looking for a game that you can really have some fun with and make some new friends in I'd suggest giving Warframe a go.Play nice and stay safe people :)  Good luck Tenno!"
,Recommended,230410,30191258,Posted: 26 February,all,治御姊,Literally farming simulator 2017....Worth it :D
76561198358870231,Recommended,230410,30229509,Posted: 27 February,all,L cs.money,right in the dome piece
,Recommended,230410,30231734,Posted: 27 February,all,♣ᴍᴀʀᴄᴏᴅᴇɪɴ♣,So far so good...
,Recommended,230410,30232009,Posted: 27 February,all,chistobey,a
,Recommended,230410,30230837,Posted: 27 February,all,MrRedClaw,"Amazing, fun, and free!Probably the best free to play game on steam."
76561198346623716,Recommended,230410,30229135,Posted: 27 February,all,meh,"pretty good, lots of bugs but fun :P"
,Recommended,230410,30223672,Posted: 27 February,all,Fox_Starwind,"1st things 1st, this game is very addictive. Even the ""grindy"" parts are not really that bad aside from being slightly repetitive. At least the maps are randomly generated to a point so it's not the exact same layout every single time you play a specific mission.The worst part about this game is how long it takes things to ""build"" in your foundry. The minimum time to build something clocks in at 12 hours and the longest is 3 days or 72 hours. But this is real time, not play time so you can log out and come back later to find that your builds have continued while you were away.Another negative point against Warframe is the fact that they limit the number of Frames/weapons/etc you can have at once unless you purchase extra slots with their real money currency they call platinum. It is entirely possible to acquire platinum from trading to other players if you have something they want, but this is still frustrating if you have bad luck in RNG to get the stuff people want to trade platinum for and that makes you have to go out and purchase your own platinum just so you can buy more slots to have more items. Speaking of RNG, that is the name of this game. It can be very nice to you, or it can be your worst enemy. Some things might come easily, while others will take forever to grind out. For example: each frame requires 3 parts to build before you can combine them with a blueprint. Most of these parts are acquired from a specific boss and that boss has a chance to drop one of the pieces you need out of a loot table that you can't see. They only drop one item per kill and it could be a frame part or it could be something else. You could get the 1st part and the second part on your first 2 runs, but then the 3rd part could refuse to drop for several runs after that. So basically what I am saying here is not to get discouraged. Keep trying and you will get what you are after eventually.Other than those 2 points, I have not found this game to be annoying at all. I very much enjoy the mobility within missions to be able to get around however you choose. Be creative about how you tackle each mission. There are a lot of ways to do things and even after all the times I have run specific missions, I have found multiple ways that I never knew about before just because I decided to take my time and look around for alternatives to the ""straight path"". It is also refreshing how each and every frame feels completely different and can be played multiple ways depending on how you mod it. You want to play a stealth assassin that is never seen and can pick off foes from the shadows? You can do that. Want to be a tank that can shrug off rockets and heal yourself? You can do that too. Want to be a control master and force all the mobs to bend to your will? You can do that too. There is a very large community on youtube and other sites that will help you with suggestions and tips to help you wherever you are stuck.Speaking of YouTube, I got into this game before I knew anything about it and that was a very rude awakening for me, so I went and found some beginner guides and now feel like I am a semi-pro at this game lol. The 2 YouTube guides I found the most helpful came from iFlynn and Tactical Potato. Both are very informative and funny to boot. I highly recommend checking out their beginner guides before you dip your toes in Warframe. This will give you a more confident feeling going in rather than feeling like you are fumbling around in the dark. Even if you are already in Warframe, I'd still suggest checking them out for the possibility that they might show something you might not have known before. :)"
,Recommended,230410,30219819,Posted: 27 February,all,ʟᴏʀᴅ_ᴋᴇᴠ,Free to installFree to uninstallI couldn't even open the game
76561198328255998,Recommended,230410,30224694,Posted: 27 February,all,VoidPlayzz,this is a great game and you should try it
,Recommended,230410,30221882,Posted: 27 February,all,Concrete Doggo,"I'd like to sue for false advertisement,the game should of been called FarmFrame."
,Recommended,230410,30163281,Posted: 25 February,all,`Ryumie ~,8445546546
,Recommended,230410,30138071,Posted: 24 February,all,Nani,"Really nice game, for me it never gets boring, been playing it almost 4 years"
,Recommended,230410,30138106,Posted: 24 February,all,Kanmi Jatziri,pretty cool game.
76561198167638707,Recommended,230410,30138890,Posted: 24 February,all,Shadow,"Ok, So i'm about to try this game after trying it on the ps4. I have lost a big amount of data but i know i can get to that point, Eitherway this game impacted me on how i play, how i use my attacks and how i normally game. I'm just about to try it on pc so. #PCHype."
76561198153979609,Recommended,230410,30150454,Posted: 24 February,all,Zushi,"Really fun free game, you can get a lot of hours out of it and you can keep playing new content."
,Recommended,230410,30160236,Posted: 24 February,all,Masskrus,"75% of my played hours've been made by waiting for updates, the rest of 25% is by playing the game, I don't have any impressions yet. Kappa #EUdownloadtime"
76561198237337296,Recommended,230410,30157620,Posted: 24 February,all,Luigi Pastelo,"Such a good and amazing game, truly f2p. You don't have to pay anything progress. For a f2p game it's amazing how many updates and patches there are. The devs obviously care about their community. Speaking of the community, one of the most helpful and nicest you'll find"
,Not Recommended,230410,30157693,Posted: 24 February,all,deheyzeus,"All of the bad reviews on here that were made people who know the old warframe, you have my condolences.I undesteand more than anyone, the grind has lost it's gusto.Never again.             maybe... ♥♥♥♥ you Warframe... wait, no baby, I love you! GO TO HELL!!!"
,Recommended,230410,30157825,Posted: 24 February,all,therealjackbt,"I have played this game before about a year ago on another account and i played it for a solid month or 2 until it got a little repetative. But 2 months isnt bad for a game thats free. One complaint i do have is when downloading the updates for the game i downloaded at an average of 20kb/s when i normally download at 1.2mb/s. other people have had this problem. other wise good game, cool weapons,interesting plot and lore, great graphics,and pretty good game"
,Recommended,230410,30178939,Posted: 25 February,all,IMSAUCIN'IMFUCKIN'SAUCIN',Took my life away and I'm never gonna get it back. ♥♥♥♥ you DE.
76561198274564984,Recommended,230410,30177575,Posted: 25 February,all,Yoloferrari18,The game is very much fun but it is very grindy and it is also buggy af.
76561198274786278,Not Recommended,230410,30167593,Posted: 25 February,all,A BATHING APE,"Its all fun and games till your Riven mods disapear, and you put in sevral tickets.....nothing happens. GET A GRIP DE!"
,Recommended,230410,30157431,Posted: 24 February,all,ReverseEffect,"Been playing this game for quite a long time. While the missions are still repetitive, the clean combat and gameplay as well as the general beauty of it keeps a spot for me to return to while waiting for new games to come out or as a game to play in between a few other games."
,Recommended,230410,30151561,Posted: 24 February,all,directX is life,you have to play with friends+ ｓｕｃ+♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ｍｕｎｉｔｙ+ ｎｏｔ ｐ２ｗｉｎ－ ｔｕｔｏｒｉａｌ ｉｓ ｇａｙ                            ｘｄ
,Recommended,230410,30156460,Posted: 24 February,all,Ay Ay Ron,"Do you like loot treadmills?!Do you enjoy killing hundreds upon hundreds of aliens and stuffs to get pieces of stuff so you can build stuff, then use those stuffs to make better stuffs, which let you kill faster and more efficiently, which allows you to get more pieces of stuff to make more stuff, and so on...Coming from the console world and a fan of Destiny? This is better. It... it's just so much better.It's much more optimized for lower end computers, the story is.... well... uh... there's a story. The gun selection is fantastic think of it as your typical MMO's end game, only... THAT's the game. MMO End Game The Game. But you know what? It's fun, it's a lot of fun. My friends and I have sunk plenty of time into this game and it's very entertaining. It's also free to play! No, not pay to win... you can buy stuff if you want, but everything in the game is 100% optainable by just playing. It's just going to take longer, but if you're casual shoot 'em up player, you might enjoy it just because it's freakin' gorgeous. 8/10"
,Recommended,230410,30135250,Posted: 23 February,all,Ponyboy Courtesy,"Although at times this game feels like Grinding Simulator, it is in fact a fun game. It mixes the standard ""Space shooter"" game mechanics with elements of Rogue-like games with its procedurally-generated maps that manage to feel simultaneously fresh and familiar, with some awesome parkour sprinkled in throughout. Not to mention, the story of the Tenno and the individual Warframe's places in the lore, not to mention the codecies of character development of the different sanctions and syndicates, all adds up to one of the most immersive games I've ever played.9/10 needs better RNG sometimes, but otherwise, it's more finished in its beta than some finished games today."
76561198255112756,Recommended,230410,29871356,Posted: 12 February,all,Maxhunter365,This is a really awesome game and i highly recommend this to players who like a little more action
76561198064285724,Recommended,230410,30145715,Posted: 24 February,all,Raizenchi,"Warframe....is an interesting gameIf you're finding new game to try, try this onePlay throught the campaign, explore most of the planet, skipping the urge to grind for greatest gear..just get some decent gears and play through it...to feel it all....I started playing Warframe in the old days when Stamina system is on, with old jumping/wall running mechanics etc...up to the days when the mechanic changed, with a lot of new gamemodes & frames come, I still played them(Which I personally feel that...new mechanic erase most of the challenging parts of the old warframe...but I still played it anyway....)I played through the whole game without paying real money....getting platinum through trading rare items I farmedSo I could say that you could play without paying real money at all....I would love to play warframethe game is challenging....up to the point where you reach some high-end missions....which...yes...with some decent gears with some teamwork can make your ways through them....But...If you want some ultimate rare high-end gears...Grinding is the real problem for you....After using a lot of time.... grinding through a lot....searching for some gears.....keep grinding....and....no.......I realized that I played like a bot myself...doing same thing...with the most efficient way I could find.. in every missions, speed run through them, over and over again...So....in the end...I played past most of the challenging part of the game (skipping some very high-ends new missions which needs very great team with a lot of time to play continuously through it)I realized that my grinding power has reached it limit.....I stopped playing......SummaryIf you are new to this game, try it, play through it, challenging your skill, explore some new gameplay style...When you reached the point where you have to search for ultimate gear....Ask yourself whether you need to dedicate yourself for grinding or not?(or do you wanna pay real money, buy items from some other great grinders...)...Do you have anything better to do than grinding this game? / paying real money to get ultimate rare gears...?If you still wanna grind your way up,...I wish you good luck...."
,Recommended,230410,30147847,Posted: 24 February,all,Cereal Killer,cyborg ninjas in spaceI approve
,Recommended,230410,30149368,Posted: 24 February,all,LuckyNitro,"It was fun for awhile. But then, all that grinding, and grinding and grinding. Takes forever. How hard is it to get dat women warframe!"
76561197994362019,Recommended,230410,30147538,Posted: 24 February,all,Spint,3rd person shooter ninja hackandslash action built for co-op. Tons of killing bad aliens with awesome weaponry. Can be played with success totally for free but this game really deseres your money.Oh and it's free to play so stop reading reviews and try the damn game!
76561198162344520,Recommended,230410,30136727,Posted: 24 February,all,Armoredknight,this game never ceases to amaze me. for a free to play game it has an amazing depth and great story line.
76561198213343780,Recommended,230410,30136297,Posted: 24 February,all,Gaby3D,This game is so awesome! I recommend this game!
76561198076496035,Recommended,230410,30135739,Posted: 23 February,all,GeNoCiDe,addicted. i approved this sht
76561198297158553,Recommended,230410,30138643,Posted: 24 February,all,VivaLasVegan.GaMaCa,"Nice Game,great gameplay , but not a fan of archwings"
,Recommended,230410,30139230,Posted: 24 February,all,Test the God,ummmmmm yes
76561198160394687,Recommended,230410,30139494,Posted: 24 February,all,[DZ]Sgt.LordSa,Game is very Good. I like it
76561198090391521,Recommended,230410,30139593,Posted: 24 February,all,Cubone,"overall is nice, but require few dollars to help for ""future"" needs."
,Recommended,230410,30139857,Posted: 24 February,all,Anaheim,"This review is for new players who want to get into Warframe.I have been playing Fashionframe on and off for about 2 years now.+   Since most of the game is PvE (90%) you dont have to worry about P2W, though you can get a top notch build if you are ready to spend some $$$.+   Graphics are pretty good for a 4 year old game.+   Community is helpful and active. Very few ragers and griefers since mostly mature playerbase.+   Platinum ( ingame premium currency ) can be earned through a very active ingame trading market.-   Get ready to grind, alot.-   P2P connection, no dedicated servers, and host migration issues are present.-   Min/Maxing is very expensive if you dont have a lot of free time to grind for platinum.-   RNG, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of RNG.It does not update through steam but rather its own launcher which sometimes has issues with speed. (not a con just an annoyance)Overall a decent game which I can say is truly f2p in the sense that you can buy anything if you grind hard enough. Just make sure you dont run it on a toaster and have an okayish internet connection or youll not be able to enjoy the game to the fullest."
76561198182673615,Recommended,230410,30142712,Posted: 24 February,all,Raccoon M4uZ,This game is one of the best F2P CooP game's of all time...But.. if you want new Tenno you will have to GRIND For it..Overall its a good game with some sort of story.Try it!!!
,Recommended,230410,30214139,Posted: 26 February,all,Brisingr_Phoenix,"Look at them, they come to this place when they know they are not pure. Tenno use the keys, but they are mere trespassers. Only I, Vor, know the true power of the Void. I was cut in half, destroyed, but through it's Janus Key, the Void called to me. It brought me here and here I was reborn. We cannot blame these creatures, they are being led by a false prophet, an impostor who knows not the secrets of the Void. Behold the Tenno, come to scavenge and desecrate this sacred realm. My brothers, did I not tell of this day? Did I not prophesize this moment? Now, I will stop them. Now I am changed, reborn through the energy of the Janus Key. Forever bound to the Void. Let it be known, if the Tenno want true salvation, they will lay down their arms, and wait for the baptism of my Janus key. It is time. I will teach these trespassers the redemptive power of my Janus key. They will learn it's simple truth. The Tenno are lost, and they will resist. But I, Vor, will cleanse this place of their impurity."
76561198064120957,Recommended,230410,30220415,Posted: 27 February,all,Pol Pot,"Completely free to play, you can get everything in the game without paying anything and it s ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,230410,30214638,Posted: 26 February,all,Muelderer,Best MMO Game.
76561198153291593,Recommended,230410,30214740,Posted: 26 February,all,Yato @μ'sic forever!,Really like the game :D a bit hard to aim though cause we can jump here and there XD
,Recommended,230410,30217981,Posted: 27 February,all,Cyndershade,"It's like Monster Hunter with no monsters - tons of content, tons of grinding to access it.10/10 would kill countless Jaggis with a machinegun."
,Recommended,230410,29604818,Posted: 31 January,all,I Will Be Back!,"This game is awesome,cool story,still have some mystery, nice graphics, big maps,cool characters,cool weapons& this gamewill grow little by little....and forgot to mention one thing...the quest is good though..."
76561198229193584,Recommended,230410,30233361,Posted: 27 February,all,Shadow,GTG BRB MK LOL THUG LIFE GOTY ANOTHER ONE PEARS
,Recommended,230410,30234152,Posted: 27 February,all,TheTentacle,"After 3+ years of playing, i can say this about Warframe:Warframe is a PVE, hack n' slash, 3rd person shooter, loot centered game with very fast paced action where you play as a cyborg power ranger space ninja with super powers.Currently, Warframe has 31 unique characters which can all be obtained by just playing the game. And there are even more to come.Warframe has also a variety of weapons you can use: Swords, Great Swords, Hammers, Sword and shield, Gunblade, Staffs, Nunchaku, Dual Swords, Daggers, Granade launchers, Rifles, Flamethrowers, Pistols etc etc.You can get every weapon and Warframe just by playing the game, without the need to spend a single dime on it.Although, you need the premium currency, to unlock more storage slots to be able to keep more weapons and Warframes, you can pretty much trade other players for it if you don't want to spend money.Which you shouldn't do right at the beginning but only once you know a lot more about the game.Also, you start the game with 50Platinum (Premium currency). You should buy a WF slots and 4 weapon slots with it.Don't ever let this limitations discourage you from fully enjoying the game, though.There is a lot to do and a lot to discover. The community is always active and the developers are always connected and active with its playerbase. The game itself is everchanging and gets updated regularly.But, here is a personal tip, which helped me enjoy the game a lot and i hope it helps any new players:Don't rush to get stuff > Just play the game > Have fun shooting, cutting enemies in half and exploring the levels > Get resources to build stuff > Take a break anytime > Rinse and repeatEverything else will just follow."
76561198354256890,Recommended,230410,30234316,Posted: 27 February,all,zekonis62,I LOVE THIS GAME its only bad thing is that obtaining platinum is nearly impossible without spending moneyI HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME
76561198011883538,Recommended,230410,30234792,Posted: 27 February,all,Jinkaza,"Warframe. There was a point in my time with World of Warcraft that I just became bored the fantasy asthetic. I yearned for  the sci-fi, for space. I took a chance and played Mass Effect, long after it had been out, and was gobsmacked. ""How could I have missed this game!!"", I thought.  It strached that itched. But it was not enough. I needed more. I looked and looked until I found Totalbiscuts lets play of Warframe. And that was it. I had found my game.For a free to play game, it has one of the most fair models there is. If you have the time, play. If you don't, pay. They point of game is to play. It is your choice to use faux-money to by the in-game currency. Orrrrrrrr, you can just play the game.And if you are of a mind to, try to have some fun whill you do it.Pros-Support and engagement: It would be hard pressed to say that they people that develope Warframe, Digital Extreme, lack any passion for this game. They are almost fanatical about it. Which in and of itself is a pro and a con. You forget where you started, see only the bright future, and very rarely fill in the cracks that develop along the way.I may have put too much into the idea that a developer would truly heed the calls by the player base. In the end they have to keep the lights on. And while that must be put first, without an ear to the people that are paying to keep the lights on, a developer may find the dog didn't just bite, but took the whole forearm off at the elbow.Game play- a nice blend of beat'em up and shooter in 3rd person perspective. I like to see myself in relationship to world around me.Cons-Loot system- I am a big advocate of diablo style loot systems. Warframe could hands down benefit from this style system with a revamped crafting system.Parthian sTHOughT-The push for end game- lt was in this game that learned that end game is what people look for when they want a reason to stop playing a game. That is really what endgame is. It is our push to escape the gravity of something that we have invested such a large amount of time in that we want that period at the end of the sentance. The high note, the touchdown, grand slam, the buzzer beater.Well what if the game had no end? What if we just played? How about we have more game?More game, less endgame."
76561198238335972,Recommended,230410,30213995,Posted: 26 February,all,Mad Dog Chieftain,Cool game ^^
,Recommended,230410,29920365,Posted: 14 February,all,Aglet,"WarframeGood old warframe. I think that warframe is a great game for a couple of reasons:You can get every single item in the game (except a couple of cosmetic helmets)Great graphicsParkourA lotof customisationI could go on and on about the negatives like the grind (which is very real), but all in all, I think it's a great game to play with your friends or while listening to (for example) a podcast."
76561198092166044,Recommended,230410,29933696,Posted: 14 February,all,Aye for the W,‌
,Recommended,230410,29930095,Posted: 14 February,all,IsaacandEllie,"Every time I swear I'm leaving, you pull me back in."
,Recommended,230410,30155837,Posted: 24 February,all,Erica Hartmann,Its ok.
,Recommended,230410,30211505,Posted: 26 February,all,sbondo1234,"Super Fun Actually! I just started playing the game again and it is super doooopa fon! The first time i played it i was waiting for some friend cuz he was taking his time in the tutorial then i couldnt figure out how to play, but now that i started playing with my brother i figured it all out in 7.41 seconds and am not enjoying the game!"
,Recommended,230410,29799705,Posted: 9 February,all,Coffeelord,"pros- looks really cool- combat is definetly its strong point- nice visuals- runs smooth- lots of contentcons- just cant get into the story- grindy AF- repetitive AF- tried trading and it doesnt work, its broken- no one plays pvp- still active but cant seem to find anyone to match with- customization is average5/10"
,Recommended,230410,29970103,Posted: 16 February,all,Memeframe,"""Suspence happens in every mission. Your goal was set; You must complete it."" - MeTrully one of the best games i've ever played. Now quit saying it's P2W , your eyes must unsee the market. EVERYTHING is free in this game , considering the ways you get the games currency: Credits and Platinum.It outshines Destiny in a big palm , i must say. It's a very good game , amazing graphics , true sad and awesome story , and you can even play as The Operator (Your own self)!I would say 9.2/10 , because of the obssessive amount of grinding. Not worse than most RPG's , though.PS: Nidus is so OP , bet they won't nerf it lol"
,Recommended,230410,29787340,Posted: 8 February,all,Paaefarin,To put it simply I'm addicted to this game. Gamer Grill approved.
76561198154768601,Not Recommended,230410,29479970,Posted: 25 January,all,PineGraphite,"First of all,It will take your money or your time, or both.This game has the best controlling in all TPS games.(Supposedly)The most attractive thing of the game is to try out new weapons or warframes or mods.Upgrade and attachment are the two important things and all the players wanna do these.NOTHING BEYOND THESE.(Because its not a open-world game)The game should be a TPS and RPG.If you are looking for MMO, do NOT play the game.Overall, one of the best TPS games."
76561198125522601,Recommended,230410,30061023,Posted: 20 February,all,OraOraOra,Grind to get GoodClem Clem
,Recommended,230410,29839128,Posted: 10 February,all,Zephyr,I played it a few timesits alright I guess
,Not Recommended,230410,30200946,Posted: 26 February,all,Mr.FancySocks,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥unless your looking to sink countless hours just for a peice of gear that you will use once and find out that it is the worst thing in the game. :P
,Recommended,230410,30197204,Posted: 26 February,all,Er_Kamma,Holy F*** these characters are cool.
,Recommended,230410,29455306,Posted: 23 January,all,MiSA_,didn't know what kind of game is this :))
76561198157063449,Recommended,230410,30053993,Posted: 20 February,all,Six,"is there a way to disable all those foliage on earth?? Those grass are totally dropping my fps and not to mention they are not necessary! And yea are you guys just gonna remaster like every planet? I thought warframe are supposed to be a low to medium spec game with just nice decent graphics, unlike those next-gen graphic games. I understand if u guys wanna make warframe looks better but adding that much foliage just totally unnecessary"
,Recommended,230410,29645926,Posted: 2 February,all,ItzAnantha,"-800 hours spent and $100. very fun, much grind, no endgame >:(-overall, a meh f2p game. tons of content and story and action.-Pros: fun action, great story, tons of equipment, and customization, good anticheat system, devs listen to the fans-cons: much grinding, a lot of bugs, can be KINDA pay 2 win but you can get everything with trading."
,Recommended,230410,29898082,Posted: 13 February,all,Skull Flame,Best comunity 10/10
,Recommended,230410,29826079,Posted: 10 February,all,Ｘ ＴＲＹＨＡＲＤ Ｘ,"How to be a ninja guide (gone into space) (gone bloody crazy with gore all over the place)Also if you pick excalibur dont sell him hes good, you will cry for selling him in the future like i did,i made a new account just to get him cause im too lazy to grind bosses that are hard ;-;8/10 Dogecoins"
,Recommended,230410,29677367,Posted: 3 February,all,SirSpectre,"After 11 or so hours, I can safely say, after coming back to this game after around 4 - 5 years, it's in a better state than it was previously in terms of content.Getting that content...requires micro-transactions, of course, the company who makes this couldn't just survive on air alone...PROS:+Space Ninjas and parkour. This is one of the best places to play with that.+Aesthetic. It has a really good feel to the whole ""Tenno war"", I am forced to play on low settings, and it's still stunning.+Variety, guns, bows, melee weapons, you name it, they got lots.+Neutral community, haven't had any bad experiences yet...+Tradings cards and achievements+Discreet launcher, you won't even know it's there!+Co-op+Twirly sparkle  moves, I don't know how else to name the moves that you activate to do cool things for high damage, this and graphics are the good stuff+Crafting, simple, easy, combine it with having to go hunting for it on worlds, while fighting armies.+Enemy variety, good thick assortments, each to their own clan, planet, sector, stations and encampments+Maps are BIG, you gotta look at the mini-map, and look at your terrain to make sure you know where you're going, haven't got lost yet, this work very well. A true highlight of this game.+You can customize your Tenno, ship, and pet, real damn nice. The Tenno you saw in the trailer and screenshots? Yeah, you can be those.+Really smooth and flowing gameplay, you feel like a samurai slicing through water.CONS:-Micro-transactions.....I got 10 secondary credits left after getting a body skin :(FINAL VERDICT:Graphics: 8/10Community: 9/10 unless otherwise experienced(Third person) Gameplay: 10/10Economy: 5/10 - Until otherwise experiencedThanks for reading ;)"
,Recommended,230410,35239489,Posted: 27 September,all,Natboomdoom xd,"when you buy 150 Dollars worth of items and currency for only 9.Having a bit of fun, shooting dudes feels boring."
76561198084980551,Recommended,230410,30105870,Posted: 22 February,all,odetokale,"A game that keeps bringing me back in, Warframe is one of the most polished F2P games on the market.  With nearly 200 hours in, I still feel like a complete beginner at this point.  While there is a steep learning curve with the movement system and an acceptance that it is a very grind heavy experience, it never gives you a dull moment.  I highly recommend this to all steam users looking for an intense action co-op game to play with friends.  A+ game."
,Recommended,230410,30223783,Posted: 27 February,all,m!ckux ༼ つ ▀_▀༽つ,best multiplayer game :)
76561198070031764,Not Recommended,230410,30087994,Posted: 21 February,all,Snoobicus,1 WORD: PAY TO WIN PIECE OF GARBAGE NEVER PLAY THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND GRIND ♥♥♥♥ING WORST GAME EVER NEVER PLAY THIS REGRET EVERY LAST SECOND. THE DEVS DO NOT DESERVE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!!
