user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230700,7759245,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Aura,"A very hard, very deep and very fun metroidvania. I've never seen another game in this genre as close to perfection as this.Be warned though, some puzzles can be very, VERY obtuse and often puzzles will have components in completely unrelated areas to that in which you are solving a puzzle.Of course, this game makes no secret of reveling in unfair and brutal design. May God have mercy on your soul if you attempt the Hell Temple on Hard mode..."
76561197966754133,Recommended,230700,8442201,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,cepivorous,Minimum Hardware Requirements:BrainHandsGluttony for punishmentPen and paperInternet connection (if all else fails)Recommended Hardware:Clairvoyance
76561197993891197,Recommended,230700,14506234,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"La-Mulana is two things: a profound work of art, and a monumental ""screw you"" to every modern game design philosophy.The game does not ease you into experience; it demands your full attention and investment from the moment you turn it on. It then throws you, a small and powerless character, into a huge, dangerous world without any sort of guidance or sense of direction, forcing you to spend dozens of hours reading text, deciphering cryptic riddles, memorizing the map layouts, and learning the world's lore if you wish to progress.To call the difficulty ""retro"" would be a disservice; the gameplay consists of all the worst parts of Castlevania backtracking, Myst puzzles, trial-and-error gameplay, and punishing NES-style platforming. Every room is filled with the most irritating enemies imaginable. The main character's controls are stiff and terrible, resembling Donkey Kong or Speulunker. You lose complete control of your movement when falling or taking damage, so one wrong jump or a hit from an enemy could knock you down several screens and force you to do everything all over again. Sometimes the game will drop you through an invisible trapdoor to the same effect, and expect you to remember where it was, or an enemy will hit you immediately after a screen transition, and you will just have to learn to enter the room from a different way next time. The gameplay can only be described as emotionally draining, and it only ever gets harder and never apologizes for itself.The rules and physics are not even consistent, as puzzles will often involve illusionary walls, invisible platforms, unclear objectives, mysterious event flags that trigger under arbitrary conditions and don't tell you what they changed, specific items or weapons you aren't guaranteed to have discovered yet, the understanding and abuse of the minute physics of said items and weapons, rooms which wrap around to other parts of the map in non-Euclidian ways, familiar objects that don't work the way they always have, inconspicuous background decorations that are actually important, and the ever-classic instant-death traps. Your only hope to solve the puzzles, aside from just ""try everything"", is to look for hints that could literally be anywhere else in the entire game with no rhyme or reason to their placement. The key hint could be on a tablet you might have read hours ago in another area. Sometimes a puzzle will require a dozen hints that are literally strewn all over the entire game. Your time means absolutely nothing to the game; the game assumes you have all the time in the world to study it like a college course, practice until you can defeat erratic and unfair enemies, perform long sections of brutally frustrating platforming, and bang your head against the wall as you wander around for hours because you have no earthy idea where to go next.And yet...If you stick with the game through all of the hardships, you will be rewarded with one of the most intricate, creepy, and powerful stories ever to be portrayed in a video game. The story starts out with perhaps hundreds of cryptic hints that will make absolutely no sense, until halfway through the game when some key revelations come to light. Suddenly, everything just clicks into place as the backstory becomes a stunning mosaic. Your mind might be blown as you realize that everything, from the position of every area, to the contents of nearly every room, to the words of every strange character and cryptic tablet, to the placement of every decoration, is there for a reason relevant to the narrative. Even the main character, as he stumbles clumsily through the cluttered and deathly labyrinths of the ruins, becomes relatable as he bears witness to the remnants of something ancient and tragic. There really is nothing else like La-Mulana's story in the way it is conveyed, and it must be experienced firsthand to be believed. It might even leave you hungering for a second playthrough just so you can breeze through the challenges with a sense of foresight and appreciate all the details you might have missed the first time.Just be warned, it is not a game that expects you to beat it, to enjoy it, or even to play it in the first place. The motivation to push forward must come entirely from the player, as the game certainly has no regard for valuing your time or stringing you along with promises of fun and reward. But it demands to be witnessed, appreciated, and analyzed, much like a thick Shakespearean play or a picture in an art museum. If anything, it is deeply fascinating both as a work of art and as a bold statement about gameplay design, and it is highly satisfying to unravel and conquer its mysteries. But above all, it is definitely not for everybody."
76561198008754466,Recommended,230700,32166750,Posted: 3 June,all,Rowdy Mouse,"This game is absolutely not for everyone -- it's not just difficult, it's borderline unfair in a lot of places. The map is enormous and progress will be slow. Everything is cryptic from the get-go and only gets more cryptic. I won't say you will have fun playing this game because quite honestly there's a good chance you won't.However, if you do click with this game, it may consume you. It certainly consumed me. This game makes me feel like an intrepid adventurer delving into ancient dangerous ruins, moreso than any other game on earth -- it's scary, everything is trying to kill you, the way forward is obscure, and you have to piece together how to proceed and survive from an abundance of fragmentary and sometimes inexplicable relics of the past. Somehow, it really got its hooks in me and I just HAD to solve the mystery, and then the next, and then the next until it was 5 in the morning and I was still awake pouring over a stack of hand-written notes like a crazed conspiracy theorist trying to prove aliens built Macchu Picchu. I decoded ancient runes. I fought monsters I definitely didn't want to fight. I solved one puzzle because I incidentally knew something about Sumerian mythology, and another because I watched Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.If you can stand never having any idea what's going on but pressing foward regardless, and accept from the get-go that you probably won't make it through without at least a LITTLE help, this game has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,230700,11928174,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bloughsburgh,"You read the description, you think: ""Oh alright it is going to have some pretty tough puzzles but it is a 2D slasher RPG/Metroid thing...I'll eventually fight my way through.NO.NO.You will die, you will be lost for ages. You will forget which way is up, what progress feels like, and dream of air control when jumping straight up. I played this game for 40+ hours, WITHOUT using a guide once. I eventually broke down and looked up the very next step I had to take. After that, I progressed and got stuck AGAIN. Looked up the guide for one more push and got stuck AGAIN. I felt defeated as when I found something out and moved forward, I would be stuck for another countless amount of hours.I challenge anyone who reads this and hasn't played the game: Attempt the game without using a guide for as long as you can and truly feel what is is like to be helpless. I say to you, as a gamer this:I personally believe one CANNOT beat this game without ever using a guide for assistance no matter how small the step.The music, presentation, pull, exploration is top notch however! Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥and experience utter hell (And maybe some enjoyment)"
,Recommended,230700,13694078,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ichik,"In two words: hard and japanese. Perhaps, that wasn’t eloquent enough. Excruciatingly, unbelievably hard and amusingly delightfully japanese. And if you think it’s “Dark Souls hard”, think again. La-Mulana does to Dark Souls what Dark Souls does to your typical AAA-game. It is an impossible cocktail, where a tiny drop of pleasure is dissolved in a full glass of pain. So you have to work your way to your reward and it will be more of a faint tone than a full-scale experience. But it’s still worth it. Even though you’ll have to deal with those impossible wall-jumps and remorseless bosses, and complete vagueness of the right direction to go. Such outright brutality is so old-school that the game becomes not just an homage to The Maze of Galious like UnEpic did, but a proper successor.This uncompromisingly torturing game-design is a perfect match for an originally freeware game for Windows, made by two enthusiasts inspired by MSX era in gaming. It’s that level of difficulty that accepts a placing of an unkillable (until you find a certain item of course) boss just a few screens to the left from the starting point. But then again what would you expect from a game that tries to recreate an atmosphere of obscure predecessor of modern metroidvanias? If you think now that La-Mulana has a suitably absurd fantasy story, you’re only half right. It still has its background, one of a very grim mythology, but on the surface it’s the story of an archaeologist named Lemeza Kosugi. He’s wearing a fedora, carrying a whip and a revolver and is going inside a prehistoric underground tomb. Of course inside the tomb he will find all sorts of dangers, including venomous snakes, aggressive bats, walking skeletons and all kinds of deadly traps. So, yes, it’s Indiana Jones, but with some additional weirdness. The deeper you venture inside game’s vast dungeon the more horrible truths you will discover about the world’s history and (seemingly) inevitable doom. This doesn’t mean though that there won’t be a whole bunch of comical stereotypic japanese NPCs with their humorous dialogues. They’ll always cheer you up just when you’re about to be soaked in a muddy swamp of depressing events of the past. Of course I mean game’s fictional past, not your pathetic chain of events called life (or mine for that matter).About how the dungeoneering is made I must say that it looks fairly simple on the surface. You can move in four directions, jump like someone recovering from a car incident and whip those nasty snakes and bats ‘till they die and (hopefully) drop some gold coins. Then there’s the inventory screen with lots of frightening empty space. And a special tab for software management of your notebook. No, not that real one, but an in-game one, which Kosugi uses in his adventures. There’s lots of different software throughout the game that you will pick up in dark corners, but only few may be active at a time, because Mobile Super X has only 1 gigabyte of storage. Player has to choose from such stuff as map display, email client for receiving messages from certain NPC or even decrypt ancient glyphs. To make things even worse, there are 12 program combinations with extra properties like additional invincibility frames after receiving damage. And believe me, you’ll want those frames by the time you’ll get both so-important apps.Actually you’ll want anything that’ll help even a bit. Oh, those precious bullets for your gun, that almighty destroyer of bosses, they’ll cost a pretty penny, but are so worth it. So, you’ll save and collect, get better weapons, protective items, learn better tricks. And every bit will seem so tiny and insignificant, but in the end you’ll face the hardest challenges and overcome them. And that will be rewarding. La-Mulana isn’t something I would recommend to a stranger. It’s easy to overlook the game’s virtues, especially when learning curve is rather steep. Nonetheless it’s a masterpiece on its own merits. Engaging story, gloomy setting, stupendous world and painstakingly hard puzzles make a combination so monolithic and grandiose, that I just have no other choice but admire it."
,Recommended,230700,10697918,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NinTheFolf,"This game man, I had a lot of fun with it. If you want to play a metroidy style game that has tons of puzzles and riddles and such to solve? This game is something you should seriously pick up.If you don't want to take notes/screenshots/etc though? You should probably look for another game. For the most part, all of the puzzles are pretty fair, but there are a few that kinda made me go ""...really?""If you're looking for a good challenge, I can not recommend this game enough. My only regret is that I didn't hear about it soon enough to get in on the kickstarter for the sequel they're working on.That said, I admit to getting frustrated at the very end and succumbed to having a friend give me a few tips xD After 90 hours I was just ready to be done, ya know? It was kinda frustrating, but as a whole, I still love the hell outta this game <3"
,Not Recommended,230700,15081727,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gulcasa,"To be honest, this is a ""mixed feelings"" review. I've enjoyed La-Mulana to an extent, but not nearly enough to recommend it to anyone. You can get a good idea of how this game's like from the other reviews and I doubt I'll be able to change your mind about anything, but I do have some points that I feel haven't been emphasized enough.The game itself is easy enough to understand: it's a Metroidvania title with heavy emphasis on exploration and puzzle solving; save for the bosses, the enemies are only there so you have something to whack as you explore the place. However, while most games hand you a cake and tell you to have fun with it, La-Mulana gives you the cake recipe in Hebraic, divided into 4 sections whose order you're not quite sure, and actively tries to stop you from getting the ingredients. La-Mulana is maddeningly hard, though very little of that difficulty comes from the actual gameplay - it's easy enough once you get used to the purposefully clunky controls. The true beast are the puzzles.The first few areas are manageable and straightforward enough, and it's a blast to figure out a hard riddle by yourself, but as the game goes on, the game gets astoundingly open-ended, the map is of little to no use, the puzzle clues become more cryptic and spread farther apart, sometimes not even in the same area as the puzzle they're referring to, vital items are hidden behind unmarked walls, certain items can be lost forever... The great feeling of working out a couple of mysteries by yourself is slowly but surely supplanted by the feeling of being swamped by barely coherent riddles and absurd moon logic, not to mention the fact that some of the solutions require off-the-wall stuff that you have absolutely no reason to even think they'd be feasible; one of the puzzles requires you to press Down on an unmarked spot, the riddle of which mentions ""you should have the courage to get down on bent knee to look for a single item"", and another requires you to equip a woman's statue and do nothing on a room with a mural of a man for about 30 seconds, upon which the statue will magically get pregnant. The reasoning? ""Woman within the man should be with child"".Look, I love me some puzzles and puzzle games, Layton is one of my favorite series for that reason, but La Mulana quickly devolves into nonsense that I'm pretty sure NO ONE in their right mind could possibly figure out on their own. There's ""tricky"", and then there's ""old Sierra game logic""."
,Recommended,230700,12657242,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MalikNZZ,"La-Mulana is the truly realized potential of the adventure genre. The story is strong and the lore is rich, but none of it is forcibly shoved down your throat. The puzzles are deep and meaningful, and every puzzle in the game has a hint or two hidden away somewhere among the game's many ancient tablets, but nothing is ever spelled out completely. The variety of intimidating bosses are tough and require practice to beat, but there's always a way to make them easier if you're stuck, by exploring and finding items that give you an advantage. The controls are restrictive and will require effort to master, but the platforming never demands anything unreasonable.That's the key word when it comes to La-Mulana: effort. Absolutely nothing is given to you for free. Anything you get out of La-Mulana, even how much fun you have playing it, is dependent on how much effort you're willing to put into it. And no game rewards effort quite like La-Mulana. When you finally solve that deeply meaningful puzzle that spans the entire ruins, you feel like a genius, and when your reward is an incredibly powerful weapon, you feel like a god. When you finally obliterate, yes, obliterate the guardian of that treasure, you feel like a boss, and when your reward is nothing less than the second half of the bloody game, you feel like you really are the Chosen One.La-Mulana is not just an adventure, it's a full-scale epic. This is one of the longest indie games you'll ever play, yet it remains engaging throughout and retains its replay value without leaning on any rogue-like elements whatsoever. The game's art and soundtrack embrace this, making everything seem larger than you, but also setting a very driving and elevating mood. If you're a master of Metroidvanias and think the game is too easy, there's a kinda sorta but not really hidden Hard Mode, and an actually hidden optional dungeon, recommended for masochists only; that's not a facetious remark. Luckily for most of you, you don't miss out on any of the game's good points by passing it up.Often, you'll see people describe any indie platformer that's even slightly harder than Mario Bros. as being like ""2D Dark Souls."" It's stupid, I hate it, and I stop reading reviews when I see it, but if there ever were a game that deserved that title, it would be La-Mulana. But unlike Dark Souls, I would recommend everyone play this game, not just people who want to be able to brag to all of their internet non-friends about how they ""beat 2D Dark Souls."""
,Recommended,230700,11084537,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Pod,"If you've ever wanted a game where you absolutely need a pen and notepad to keep track of clever and well thought out clues you find on your adventure, this is for you.With that said the game is a huge challenge that many wont make it through. You will get stuck on a boss, you will get hopelessly lost, you will be thinking of clues when you're not even exploring.La-Mulana offers a truly great and fulfilling gameplay experience to any player that dares enter.The is a remake, the original is out there for free."
,Not Recommended,230700,7990801,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kothorix,"La Mulana is.... an unfortunate game. It is very interesting and has a lot of potential, but it commits many gaming sins that can't be overlooked. This is a NES era kind of game that is designed to force you to use some kind of guide when playing it (think castlevania 2). If you respond to this, don't just say 'the game is supposed to be hard'. Dark Souls is my favorite game; I know the difference between a game that is difficult because it's designed well, and a game that is difficult because it is designed badly.-Very little feedback is given for many of the puzzles. Many times if you solve a puzzle, the game simply doesn't show you what exactly you unlocked, or where. Sometimes solving a puzzle in one area will unlock a door or something in an entirely different area.-Although clues are given, many aren't helpful or refer to something in a later area. Once you get to that area, there is no indication that you needed to use a clue from earlier.-There are several points in the game where no clues are given for progression. Several times it is necessary to walk through illusionary walls, or break floors/walls to continue, with no indication you need to do so. You are left jumping around constantly attacking everything in the hope you will accidentally solve a 'puzzle'.-The above point wouldn't be a problem if the game didn't frequently PUNISH you for trial and error. Yes, there are many rooms in the game where, if you attack random walls, lightning strikes your character and does a substantial amount of damage. The game teaches you quickly not to attack random things, but then at other times the only way to continue is to know where to do it. I have died many times, just attacking random walls to see if they would crumble, only to find out that I was indeed supposed to attack a specific part of a wall; but no indication was given to do so.-Unfair instant death traps and rooms that you simply become 'stuck' in. There are many rooms that just kill you, and other ones that just trap you, forcing you to restart from your last save if you don't have specific items.-Some puzzles don't reset. Make a mistake and you can never get the item. There are only a few of these, but there isn't any indication that the puzzle will be like this. Once again, the game punishes trial and error. Fortunately, I think they only do this with non-essential items.-The game doesn't control well enough for some of the fast-paced action segments they throw at you. Boss battles typically aren't hard for any reason other than your character moves slowly and doesn't control in the air well.If anyone ever tells you that they beat this game without ever consulting a guide or asking for help, they are lying. I really wanted to like this game; thematically it is amazing, and I love this style of metroidvania action-adventure. I find myself being forced to use a guide all too often, and it really ruins the gaming experience (seriously, some of these 'puzzles' are just impossible unless you know exactly what to do beforehand). If you really like games like castlevania 2, or don't mind having a guide open during your playthrough, then La Mulana might be for you. Otherwise, stay away."
,Recommended,230700,28457367,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jmdragon,"I finally beat it. Steam says I have110 hoursplayed. There's an in-game clock, too, which says25.5 hourson one file (which I abandoned a few years ago when I got stuck) and30.5 hourson another file (played through to the end).That leaves54 hours unaccounted for.That time was spent:- dying- searching for answers but not getting anywhere- writing extensive notes & maps, in what ended up being a 40+ page Google doc- transcribing every tablet, and every name of every room, because it's often important- reading and trying to make sense of those notes- reading the manual... again- learning and translating La-Mulana script- getting utterly frustrated and resorting to a walkthrough in a few places, even though I didn't want toAnd it was all worth it. Despite the cryptic hints and the wandering non-linear structure, it feels wonderful to solve those puzzles and beat those bosses.No, it's not for everyone, but it's unlike any game I've ever played and I highly recommend it. If you're still interested after reading all that, then give it a shot. The ruins are waiting."
,Recommended,230700,16008077,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nax_o,"'Be sure to play through, or clear in hard mode, or give up.'--excerpt from La-Mulana manualThis is in a nutshell what the devs think about this game and about you, the player. They don't care if you give up or dislike their game. They made their piece of art and it's up for grabs. Take it if you can stomach it.Game is hardcore and doesn't hide it's true nature in any way. Game even tricks the player to activate HARD MODE if players behave 'business as usual' and ignore warnings and instructions.  Many times the game anticipates the reactions of players and taunts you accordingly.As for me i seriously doubt i will ever complete this game. i have beaten just 2 guardians and even then it was tough as nails and paid a heavy price for it which might just mean i won't be doing so well with later bosses. (revolver ammo is life)Game is a very JPN thing even though protagonist looks and behaves like Indiana Jones. Punishing game play, punishing bosses show you that this is no cake-walk modern gamers are used to. And do you really think you are a good puzzle solver? this game will put you to the test. better bring your pen and paper as some notes are just so cryptic and they are all important in some way or other. In this level or the one next to this one."
,Recommended,230700,12756938,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bobrocks95,"La-Mulana is brutal.  It will do nothing to help you if you are stuck; everything you need is in the game in the form of tablets marked with obscure riddles or prose that you either need to find or need to decipher in the same manner as an actual archaeologist would.A great example is how I played the game for about 10 hours on my first playthrough without having found the warping item (which is in the very first area) that's absolutely necessary for decent progress.  The game didn't stop my progress and inform me that I was missing something.  In fact, aside from one dead end, I could have stumbled through the whole game without this warping item (and I'm fairly certain that with planning you could even circumvent this).Even in the midst of those 10 grueling hours (where I had to grind on enemies to heal instead of warping to the hot springs which heal you fully), I still felt La-Mulana was something very special, and that feeling greatly intensified when I started a fresh second playthrough and went further into the game.  I think it might actually be my absolute favorite 2D adventure game, and I say that as a very encompassing statement (including all your Zelda's, Metroid's, etc.).It made me think more than even any cut-and-dry puzzle game I've ever played has made me think.  I couldn't solve all the puzzles on my own- I will readily admit that.  It doesn't do anything to diminish my opinion of the game- everything you need to solve anything is available if you have the brain and willpower to figure it out.  Some of it is incredibly obscure and difficult to figure out, but I'd imagine if you asked an actual archaeologist how hard his job is, they'd say it's a lot harder than La-Mulana (maybe this is actually a sim game?)Add a layer of amazing combat and action on top of that, with lots of huge boss battles, and it's what I'd consider perfection.  People criticize the jumping mechanic.  That would be like criticizing the jumping in Castlevania; it's a short-sighted complaint, because the game is 100% built around the limited control.  Everything in La-Mulana is hand-crafted beauty, please buy this."
,Not Recommended,230700,14337286,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,VIGIL,"La-Mulana is an exploration based sidescroller platforming Metroidvania that was the inspiration for one of my favorite games, Spelunky, so I knew I had to give it a play.After a fairly slow start I found the game to be pretty engaging. The controls are very strange, with movement being very jerky and not my usual thing, but I got used to it and was enjoying it despite. I was happily wandering the ruins, solving puzzles, and slaying monsters.I fought a boss while riding through caves on a cart, Ellmac, which was pretty difficult and frustrating but I figure that was my fault for doing it (probably) so early with such poor gear, so it gets a pass. I die after him though in the new area so I figure I'll come back later.So far the game was shaping up to be better than I expected! I was wondering where I should go next, so I figured I'd head to the Temple of Moonlight. I'd found it before but always died early inside it, so I was putting it off.In I go and I get to dungeoneering. Can't attack while inside? Got it. New items, puzzles, and all that jazz... great! But where's the save point? I was very close to death when I finally found it. Phew!Now how do I get out of this place? I spend maybe an hour or so wandering the areas I'd already been, finding a secret weapon, but can't for the life of me figure out how to escape. I love playing games blind, so I leave the game for a bit to ruminate on the area and see if I can think of something I missed.When I come back, I explore everything one last time, smacking all the walls and trying my best to findanythingI missed. Eventually I break, and I have to look up what the deal is. It shouldn't be so hard to leave the area - after all, I have the map, so I know where all the rooms are...I'm permanently stuck in the Temple of Moonlight because I didn't pick up the Holy Grail earlier. Apparently there are several locations in the game where this can happen. In a game aboutexploration, you can get permanently stuck for apparentlyexploring in the wrong order. The game doesn't indicate that one area should be explored before another, or that you have to have this item before you should continue on. The item is hidden too, a puzzle that I had seen but was unable to solve and put off until later.How is this acceptable design? I was enjoying the game despite the other flaws, but that crosses a line. Maybe it's a fundamental difference in the way Japanese and Westerners design and enjoy their games, but I don't have the time or want to be forced to restart a long-winded game due to game breaking scenarios that are beyond my control.If you are new to La-Mulana, get the Holy Grail before you explore anywhere, or your game might just end early... and you'll be left very wanting."
,Recommended,230700,11753804,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Soma,"Your usual Metroidvania platformer on the outside, much more inside.La-Mulana is extremely hard. Not even do you require good platforming skills, but you also need to be good at puzzle solving. Taking notes on your adventure is highly recommended, even if some things don't seem to be important.With that being said about the game, let's go a little more into detail:Story:There's barely anything to say here. You play as Lemeza Kosugi and explore ancient ruins. You find a few people close to the ruins, but only talk to their elder ever so often, he provides some advice, and later explains a few things. But there barely is more to say about the plot. But there's a lot of additional lore, and nearly every single area of the ruins has their own story to tell, if you're careful around your surroundings. After some game time, you find out that you have to kill the 8 guardians and apparently the ""Mother"", and that's about all you get as your target.Gameplay:Lemeza Kosugi controls pretty precisely, once you get the hang of it. Only downside is that if you walk as you jump, you can't control the jump at all anymore. If you jump while standing still it's possible though, so once you get used to it, it's okay.Over the course of the game, you'll find different upgrades, such as a double jump, stronger attacks, new weapons and sub-weapons. The usual things you can expect from a Metroidvania.There are no lifes, once you die, it's game over. The only way to refill your HP is by either resting in the hot springs, or collecting a certain amount of life orbs, and once that life orb meter fills completely, your HP are filled up completely, and your orb meter is back to 0. You also need to collect more orbs the more HP you have.There is no such thing as Experience Points and level ups, the only way to get more HP is to find their respective upgrades.The normal enemies, and the areas aren't too difficult, especially once you get the ability to teleport, and you can always teleport back to the first area and refill your HP in the hot springs, though it is a little annoying.Speaking of teleporting, you can teleport to certain checkpoints, where you can also save your game, pretty early in the game, so it helps moving through the ruins, since backtracking is also quite a thing here.There are many mini- and mainbosses, and most of them are really, really challenging.Enemies also drop gold, and you actually need it to buy necessary items in the game.Those are your usual metroidvania things, but there's more here:First of all, you've got a virtual computer with you. and as you play you find software for it. You can only activate a few softwares at once. Those softwares allow simple things such as having a map, or being able to read the ancient language, up to helpful things as having more invincibility frames after being hit, or doing more damage with certain weapons.Then there are puzzles... They start off from rather simple things as destroying walls to reach new objects or your usual switch puzzles... up to things like understanding the ancient language partly yourself. And that's rather difficult. And saying any more would be spoiling too much. Let me just say, some of the puzzles can be extremely cryptic, and will take some time to figure out, especially because you need to solve nearly all of them to finish the game.Graphics:Nothing special, but it all looks very well done in the 16-bit style the game is.Sound:The background music is very nice and sets the tone for each area and situation. The sound effects aren't anything special, they're okay.The game will probably take about 30-40 hours in your first playthrough if you don't look anything up.So, if you like the genre in any way,I'd recommend to try La-Mulana at least out for the rather cheap price!"
,Recommended,230700,8724531,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Madrox8,"If Metroid, Castlevania, and Indiana Johns had a love child, this game would be their love spawn.this game is tough, and ou will need to backtrack alot to find where you have to go after completing puzzles, if you do not like that in a game then avoid it, if you do then get your eyes in full gear to observe eveyrthing in small detail to see what to do to get those puzzles solved, and get your trigger finger going to defeat these giant tough bosses, it is a fun enjoyable game"
,Recommended,230700,19157746,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Helios Leinheart,"The fact that games like this can still exist in this day and age fills me with nothing but gratitude. Here's a game with copious amounts of content, hard bosses that actually surprised me with their quality, gorgeous retro graphics that I just eat up like so much curry, and detail detail detail. Unfortunately, this is the kind of game where discovery and puzzle solving is a big part of the experience, which means you'll have the most fun on your first playthrough. Subsequent playthroughs will likely lose some of the enjoyment.But hey, that's why we're getting La-Mulana 2 soon!My only other small gripe is the music. I love the tunes, but the majority of the mix is sustained notes that really tend to wear on the ears after awhile. They're also kinda short, so they'll be looping quite often. However, they do a great job of pumping you up for these dangerous and mysterious ruins. I just kinda wonder if the game would've been better with an ambiatic soundtrack. I suggest turning down the BGM to around 30 or so.No doubt, the game is worth full price. Highly recommended."
76561197984686394,Recommended,230700,17869675,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mldb88,"If you enjoy metroidvania style gameplay and absolutely maddening puzzles, this is certainly a game you will enjoy.  As much as it made my head hurt from trying to decipher all the cryptic clues and figuring out how to progress, I enjoyed the steep difficulty curve this game's puzzles provided, for the most part.  The teleporter mazes can just go die in a fire, along with the penultimate puzzle of the game (and it was toned down from the original version too, so that really says something abou its difficulty), but other than that I had a blast with the game's puzzles.  The areas themselves aren't too bad in terms of surviving, but the bosses will push you to the limit of how well you've mastered the game's mechanics and combat.  By the time you reach the third boss, the kiddie gloves are off and it gets real tough, real quick.If you like your games very non-linear with brutal puzzles and some really tough combat, you'll enjoy this game.  It's kind of like a 2D Dark Souls in a way, drops you into the ruins with little to no information, and you're on your own from there.If spending hours retracing your steps looking for what new paths that upgrade you just picked up opened up, or just what that seemingly useless item does isn't something that sounds like a good time, then this may not be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,230700,22240450,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,triplebooyah,"""Obtuse"" is a word that another reviewer used to describe this one, and it could very well be a one-word review. Anyhow...La-Mulana is a beautifully made game (esp. environment art, music, boss design) and has a lot of fun aspects, but in my opinion it ultimately falls victim to its own sense of smugness. I actually didn't mind the control scheme, which is essentially a modified version of Castlevania's, with weapon-specific timing, pushback when getting hit, and unalterable directional jumping (except when descending from a standstill jump). It's pretty easy to get used to if you've played enough games of that era.I also don't mind many of the ""puzzles"" (which I think could be more accurately described as riddles). What ended up nudging me toward not recommend the game was the implementation of the riddles. After about the third or fourth areas, you start finding heaps of increasingly cryptic clues that won't be introduced for nearly another whole half of the game and often refer to far-off places (also true for many diases and events which trigger distant environment changes that you subsequently have to hunt for). This is the main design element that necessitates the tedious manual note-taking that the developer gleefully encourages. It also has the effect of (rather artifically) increasing the game's perceived difficulty. To me, this didn't really have the seemingly intended effect of inspiring the required devotion of time and manual energy to figure out most of the game on my own, but instead kinda transformed the experience into what increasingly felt like a menial task. Very glad that there are a variety of guides to reduce the tedium, otherwise my patience would have worn off long before finishing the game.Glad I got it on a good sale. For now, I'm having more fun just challenging the bosses in the time attack mode."
76561198372747910,Recommended,230700,32450935,Posted: 15 June,all,SmashTom,"A word of caution: if you want to fully enjoy this game, you will need the following:- A notebook (or notepad)- Patience- Endurance- Not afraid to experiment (which will often result in dying in unexpected and gruesome ways)Yes this game is hard. Yes this game has a ton of cryptic and sometimes seemingly impossible puzzles.And yet, that's the game's shining light. A true exploration 2D platformer with clever puzzles, amazing level design, gorgeous (32 bit?) graphics, great soundtrack, challenging boss fights and a gigantic map to explore.Don't be fooled by the simple appearance; La-Mulana will destroy you over... and over... and OVER.But if you can endure and face the challenges ahead you are in for an amazing experience.Can you conquer La-Mulana? I dare you..."
,Recommended,230700,19190281,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Yuu-chan,"To be honest: I've never finished the game. Er, I've hardly managed to beat three bosses. I got countlessly stuck, killed, frustrated.Still, I strongly recommend this game.It is an ultimate embodiment of the Metroidvania genre, probably one of the kind. Compared to it, nearly all of titles you can find with this tag are oldschool straightforward platformers. La-Mulana collects all defining staples and takes them to the extreme. Non-linear exploration, where nobody direct you by hand and you are free to choose your own walkthrough. Uniquely designed and atmospheric locations, with few features used more than once. Puzzles, not limited to ""move that crate to this button"", but requiring to look for scattered hints and think of undocumented abilities. Tons of monsters, items, skills, traps, secrets. An absolute feel of being an adventurer, a discoverer, a researcher.It's a wonderful game. It leaves you with your own skills and challenges them in every way possible. It's definitely not for everyone, and seemingly not for me, which saddens like an one-way love. Ruins of La-Mulana shine in all their cruel beauty, and a strong gamer will be worthily rewarded."
76561198067119595,Recommended,230700,17548111,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,cbtx,"Not necessarily my particular cup of tea, but a friend recommended I try this game, and I have to say that this is one of the hardest yet addictive games I have ever played. So with it being on sale this week, I wanted to say that this one is worth every penny.It's a platform adventure game where you are exploring the ruins of La Mulana, and basically starts you off with very little. So there is a very high learning curve ---- but if you take your time and look around at everything very carefully the secrets will reveal themselves so that you can begin to move forward in the game. Just requires you to be patient.Controls are tight and very crisp yet demanding, and the art work is excellent.A very good game that will absolutely consume your time ---- it can be as hard as you want it to be ---- well worth a look, especially at this week's sale price."
,Recommended,230700,18271851,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Snazzy Azzy ♥,"This game made me realize that god is real, and he hates us all."
,Recommended,230700,18242954,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Smurfton,"La Mulana is a fabulous game. I wouldn't say that it's for everyone, but it was well worth my time.Before you start playing, I would recommend reading the manual orwatching their tutorial videobefore playing. There's a few things that frustrate new players that they cover.La Mulana expects you to bring a notepad along, but there is a shortcut--you can take screenshots, and look them over when you are trying to figure something out. Once you've left the first area, there are very few tablets that are not referring to some puzzle somewhere. Even the lore tablets usually come with something relating to a clue.If you ever find yourself stuck on something, or wondering if you need something, and don't have any friends to ask for minimal spoilers, I cannot recommend usingCheshire's Hint Based Guide to La-Mulanaenough. Unlike resorting to the wiki, where you are practically guaranteed to have the puzzle solved for you, without explanationwhythat's the solution, Cheshire put in a lot of work to make the guide have hints, with multiple levels of spoilers, including a text dump from the relevant tablets (if they aren't near by), until actually telling you what must be done after a few spoiler tags."
,Recommended,230700,29740667,Posted: 6 February,all,PixelGrotto,"I recommend La-Mulana with a lot of caveats. Keep these things in mind before you buy:1) This is a deliberately difficult and infuriatingly obtuse piece of software. A lot of people say this game is ""hard like Dark Souls,"" but that's not a very accurate comparison. La-Mulana is not Dark Souls hard, it is old school NES game hard. And when I say NES game, I mean stuff like Castlevania II: Simon's Quest and Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. Games with tough jump controls, NPCs that spout ""hints"" that are actually utter nonsense and puzzles that require you to do completely random stuff like stand in front of a wall for ten seconds until a tornado comes to whisk you away. La-Mulana REVELS in that sort of thing, and 70% of your time will be spent trying to figure out just what the heck the weird phrases on the stone tablets in each level mean.2) This is a game where you're going to need to take notes. I mean in a notebook, like it's 1988 all over again. And even if you're taking the best notes in the world, after a certain point in time you'll probably need to consult a walkthrough. Technically you COULD bumble through and figure everything out on your own, but if you want to save yourself stress and a whoooole lot of time, a walkthrough is necessary. I recommend a guy named Highwang on YouTube who's uploaded an excellent and very comprehensive Let's Play for this game. (It's worth watching even if you decide to not buy La-Mulana.)3) This is not a game that you can play for a while, leisurely put down for a few weeks, and then come back to successfully. Case in point: I was playing it heavily a month ago but then I went on vacation. Now, I have NO effing clue where to go or what to do, because the notes that I took aren't detailed enough. (I was using my phone, rather than pen & paper. La-Mulana requires a damn Moleskin, seriously.) While I probably could get my bearings if I rewatched all of Highwang's videos, a lot of my motivation to finish this game has sorta died.Ultimately, I DO like a lot of what La-Mulana has to offer. I love how it's an intentional throwback to the days when people spent months on a single game, sharing strategies with their friends and consulting Nintendo Power for secrets. The graphics are wonderful, the tributes to the MSX are charming and the fact that the main character is a Japanese Indiana Jones is great. I think everyone who was born in the 80s, thinks modern games are ""too easy"" or likes banging their head against the wall should give this a try at least once. I just don't know if I'll ever have it in me to finish it."
76561198041012754,Not Recommended,230700,13825498,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,coldmetalhands,"I want to like this game and I actually did for the first 25% of it, but it eventually becomes clear the idea of ""difficult"" in this game is ""needing a walkthrough"". From using items on random objects to pushing certain walls at certain times holding certain items, this game has a plethora of ""well... what now?"" style puzzles.It seems aggravating that you will have to traverse and back track every room you have ever visited because you may have collected an item which will now allow you to push a generic background brick. The game has its entire lore which never really comes into much of the logic needed when handling these nonsense puzzles.The most steadfast fans of this game laud these puzzles as only for the most hardcore, but I'm not particularly sure that is so much a positive attribute of this game as it is being an apoligist. You do not succeed in this game by being intelligent so much as just having a lot of time on your hands. The puzzles simply do not make sense and the game does not include enough information to go on. I would suspect this game was sponsored by GameFAQS if I didn't know better.On the plus side, it has great music and really does play well. The graphics are decent and the entire game story is a clever one. Everythnig about this game is great but is spoiled by the horrible puzzle design.I really don't know what to say. I cannot recommend it because while the first quarter of the game was actually fun and I really enjoyed the experience, it is quickly spoiled by the unfair and questionable ""puzzles"" that dominate the latter portion of the game. If anything get this on sale, as most people will probably get frustrated and give up and I don't think that is worth full price."
76561198041694226,Recommended,230700,30639431,Posted: 20 March,all,Cake for Žižek,"Don't buy this game if you like completing games, because you wont. That's not a challenge, it's a warning. You won't beat this game. Ever. You won't even make it to the 35% mark. Not even if puzzle platformers are your fave genre. This game will remind you why you prefer to start on easy-mode and cheese bosses. This game will remind you that your place is in the kitchen and not on the list of global steam achievements.Pretty sure La-Mulana was intended to be a community effort. You absolutely need a guide to get anywhere. It's completely filled with puzzles you'd never solve on your own. Hit a switch in one zone, and a door will open in a completely different zone. Yea, really. I don't care how clever you think you are it'd take you years of journaling and backtracking to finish this game without help. Even using help online this game is still a major challenge. At nearly 70 hours I'm only beginning to recognize the scope of this game. It's enormous and complicated, and even using the guide I had to give up.I can't recommend this game to anyone except the insane and the insanely curious. La-Mulana is a well-crafted and finely polished puzzle platformer/metroidvania-like on the grandest scale.. but it's just too much. They went too deep on this one. A little dissapointed and salty that I had to put it down, but congrats to the devs for having the cojones to sell a game that an extremely small number of people could beat."
,Recommended,230700,9801419,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Chaotix,"La-Mulana is a game. It sounds stupid, but it has everything I personally need in a game. But getting into La-Mulana is not easy for people who are not into Metroidvanias. The riddles are hard. The controls are somewhat hard to learn at the beginning, but if you're getting a hang on it, it's not a big deal. Consider playing the game without a guide for the first time. Even though it's hard to know what you need to do next, it feels rewarding as soon as you hear that beautiful chime of the Shell Horn. What are you waiting for? Get the game and go, explore the gigantic ruins of La-Mulana."
76561198019576097,Recommended,230700,26342946,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FullMetal,"Think you are a tough gamer? Yeah I used to think so too...Dark Souls? Bring it on!Bloodborne? Let's do it!Titan Souls? Give me more!But this one prove me wrong. After the 4th boss, I'ld not progress without a guide, and I hate to admit it, but yeah I used 3 of them.My congratulations to the guy who made the Cartograhper's Guide to La Mulana, on steam community, the one who wrote the FAQ on gamefaqs and the guy with a 25 episodes on youtube. You 3 are my heroes, really!To sum up, buy this game, get in love with it, get mad after a while, stop, come back, hate it, fall in love for it again, and repeat.11/10"
76561198032352680,Recommended,230700,26051637,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,v = f λ,"This is by far the most confusing game I have EVER played. It took me 67 hours to navigate the maze of death, traps, death, hidden doorways, death and DEATH. I dont think I have died this may time in any other game (may be equal to Super Ghouls & Ghost). I have to admit, it was so satisfying to see the end credits!! This is a must play for any hardcore gamer who likes old platform games. La Mulana has very hard puzzles to solve. READ ALL the TABLETS. I bet most casual gamers would hate this game, it is NOT forgiving. This game is like Dark Souls if it came out 20 years ago on Super Nintento. I highly recommend you take notes as you play and even draw simple maps on paper with the exits. The ""ingame"" map is very basic, the exits are indicated with red arrows and does not tell you what the exit is. The levels in La Mulana are huge and it is very easy to forget where the exits are. I spent endless hours wondering around to find the ""New"" exit somewhere that was unlocked.  I give this a 10/10. Atmosphere, music, controls and story are amazing!!La Mulana 2 is on its way...... I cant wait to die and get lost again for hours on end."
76561198009317041,Recommended,230700,19237179,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fridays im a watermelon,"Insanely beautiful, insanely deep, insanely hard.playing this for the first time feel like you found a snes game that no one ever heard about, but this might as well be the most important game release post 2000, as i don't remenber any game in recent history that has absorbed me into it like this.yes few people will ever reach the end of this... and thats not a bad thing, is the road not the destination."
,Recommended,230700,15097757,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kog,"I wrote that I would recommend this game, but, in reality, I shouldn't.Not because it's a bad game, or not an exemplary example of the Metroidvania genre, no no, but because IT WILL CONSUME YOU.Especially if you don't resort to a wiki or a walkthrough.Imagine, if you will, if Castlevania 2 for NES' cryptic puzzles made babies with Cave Story's ease of ""pick up and play"", and then had the difficulty raised a bit....It says i've only got 2 hours on record, and that's true, I do only have 2 hours logged on the Steam/PC version...but i have something like 40+ logged on La Mulana EX on PS Vita...and ... i have no idea how much time logged on the original La Mulana."
76561198000550988,Recommended,230700,9585276,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Parker,"La-Mulana is one of my personal favorite games, and probably one of the best designed games I've ever played. It is meticulously detailed in every nook and cranny, gorgeously diverse areas with a wonderful pixel art aesthetic, and sublime mythology. And a ♥♥♥♥ing incredible soundtrack. It is clear to me that this is a game born out of love for the medium. It is an incredible experience for anyone willing to give it a shot.In La-Mulana, you play as an archeology teacher named Lemenza Kosugi, and you explore a metroidvania style labrinyth called La-Mulana. La-Mulana is not an easy game, but not in the conventionally difficult manner that you expect in mechanics driven games like Dark Souls or Dustforce. The puzzles are the hard part, not the combat (though the combat does have some pretty difficult battles it's nothing compared to the puzzles). La-Mulana asks an awful lot of the player's critical and abstract thinking skills and is best played with a notebook next to you jotting down connections between what a puzzle tablet tells you and how it relates to another environment of the ruins. It's best to take a record of every tablet you come across that seems like it could answer a puzzle, as it cuts back on backtrack time. The game is tailor made for intuitive individuals; by this I mean people who easily draw connections between ideas and easily see 'hidden meaning' behind related strings of text or imagery. It's a game that asks the player to view it holistically- you must understand the iconography and backstory of the labryinth to progress further into the game. You can't get by with just combat prowess. If you're looking for a Metal Gear Rising, this is not it. La-Mulana's combat isn't complex.Once you get into the mind-first groove of La-Mulana, it becomes an experience so ridiculously satisfying and detailed that it's hard not to fall in love. The first hours will throw you off because the game feels fairly unconventional, but once you learn to think in riddles like the game wants you to, its absolutely wonderful. La-Mulana is a game made entirely of 'Aha!' moments that happen every 15 minutes.If I were to sum up La-Mulana, I'd do it like so.La-Mulana is a game that will reject you, kick you in the face, spit on you, laugh at your failure, giggle as it throws cryptically worded puzzles at you, and congratulate you for finally figuring out how its cryptic puzzles operate. And then it makes the puzzles much more complex and laughs at you again. But it's all in good fun! Difficulty is what makes games interesting. If a game is not very hard, you'll probably get bored, right?I will warn that La-Mulana is not a game for the impatient gamer. The game is around 40-45 hours long, and much of that time will be spent in anguish that you're missing a crucial detail of a puzzle or failing to comprehend a sentence. If you're not willing to sit down and understand how the game works, it's going to be an absolutely terrible experience for you. It's not going to be fun at all. If you're the type of gamer who doesn't like often obtuse directions, then La-Mulana will be infurating and you'll probably trash it within 4 hours. You might even go on a message board and say the game isn't even worth a dollar, but we both know that's not true!I implore the impatient to stick with it. It's ♥♥♥♥ing great. Better than Super Metroid great, and it takes an awful lot to be better than Super Metroid.Play it. And not for a dollar like they offer in sales either, pay full price for it. It's worth it.If there's one thing I don't like about the remake compared to the original, I'd say the soundtrack is slightly weaker in the remake. Perhaps that's because I'm biased to the bleeps and bloops. It's fixable with some modulation and a quick google search, however."
,Recommended,230700,33599115,Posted: 16 July,all,[MD]Fox,"I rate La mulana 8/10. La mulana is a non-linear puzzle based action RPG (Metroidvania as most call it) where you take control of Dr. Lemeza, who may remind you of a particular action hero of the 80's. This game is great for its exploration, platforming, and fun enemy combat, but is held back by ambiguous puzzles and lame boss fights.The gameplay: This game is absolutely full of puzzles. It's very common as a first time player to get lost or die to beginners traps. This is one of the few games I had to crack open a guide because I was so lost after wandering for seemingly hours not knowing what to do next. Nearly every puzzle I can think of has a clue to help you solve them, written in the game as notes on tombstones; however, these clues range from obvious to extremely ambiguous. Finding illusionary walls (breakable or not), having the right item at the right place, killing all enemies in the room, pushing blocks in a certain order, teleporter shenanigans, or pushing switches in the right order are all examples of what to expect in this game.I wouldn't consider my self a great puzzle solver, but I'm not too terrible at it (I study Mathematics), but sometimes the puzzles are too ambiguous. For example, there's a puzzle near the midde of my playthrough where I had to push down and enter in a particular vase like Mario enters a tube, but this mechanic was never used before this situation, and it was never used again after (except having to do something similar to enter in an invisible floor). There may be a tombstone hint to help solve this, but I couldn't figure it out after hours and hours. This brings me to my next point about the puzzles: Multi-area puzzles. Context: This game is very large and is split into different zones (there's around 20), and many of the puzzles require to hit switches or use items in one area, which will open a path in another area, and then that area will open a puzzle into the area you're trying to progress. This is a common type of puzzle in this game and it's extremely ambiguous and frustrating.Don't get me wrong, I would say I solved over half of the puzzles in this game without any guide (maybe around 2/3), and I always made the attempt to figure out what's next before reading a guide. This game IS possible to solve with no guide, but prepare to be frustrated constantly.Aside from the puzzles, this is a huge game to explore. My favorite thing in this game was the exploration factor, and getting to new areas. While sometimes you need to solve a puzzle to enter a new area, there's only one example I can think of where the puzzle is as ambiguous as mentioned above. Finding all of the treasure is great fun, especially the new weapons you get. Much of the exploration is done by how well the player can get used to the platforming, which means I should discuss the control of the game. This game plays mostly like a platformer with fairly limited arial movement and extremely limited combat (like a classic Castlevania), but this shouldn't be seen as a detriment to the game, but as a new layer of puzzles the player must solve. Combating the enemies, escaping deadly hazards, and moving around the map all add to the puzzle and exploration aspect of the game, with a unique feel compared to other platformers.Speaking of the combat, I must address the second weakest point in this game, the bosses. The boss battles in this game are either too easy (you have the right gear to cheese it) or nearly impossible to beat due to the behavior of the bosses. Most of the bosses have attacks which you cannot counter attack, or need to take damage to counter attack. Sometimes a boss will choose to do a move you cannot counter attack over and over and over and it's frustrating. Many of the sub weapons are useless against a lot of the bosses because they simply cannot reach. Many bosses also have ambiguous hitboxes and collision boxes, which makes it all the more difficult to hit them without getting hit your self.Overall 7/10.Music: The music in this game is really great. I'm quite picky about these type of soundtracks trying to emulate retro games or being pretentious in some other way, but this soundtrack is very fun and I even find my self listening to some of it outside the game.9/10Visuals: La Mulana is really colorful. Every zone in the game has a particular color pallete, the boss fights I previously mentoined are really colorful, and even the Professors attacks are very colorful. It's really easy to tell platforms from backgrounds, landmarks, and easy to notice many of the objects needed for puzzles in the backgrounds of the stages.10/10Story: The story in this game is good. I really like how the story is weaved in with a lot of the puzzles you need to solve. This is the type of story I really like in a video game, where it's not pushed in my face but rather it's subtle and you get more of the story by playing the game.10/10Overall I highly recommend La Mulana for anyone willing to explore, solve puzzles, and obtain a lot of treasure/loot. If you're looking to scratch the Indiana Jone's itch, then try this game out."
,Recommended,230700,10817347,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bleak,"this is a fun game that's hard (not too hard) and kind of obtuse at times but it has an excellent soundtrack, fun movement and a nice atmosphere. i'd recommend it if you're in the market for a metrovania and for some reason you haven't played this yet"
,Recommended,230700,34159428,Posted: 10 August,all,Mechakitty,"La-MulanaBy someone who did amostlyblind playthrough.I was recommended the game by a friend, they didn't say much about the game but told me it was kind of hard and I should take a notebook and a pencil with me.I should have grabbed a notebook and pencil...PuzzlesWeird topic to start with, no? The thing is, puzzles are the focus of the game, it should be noted that from the start to the end of the game you'll be solving them left and right, nonstop puzzle action, 100 years you and puzzles, those take from visual to sound to sheer wits, and solving the simplest of puzzles makes you grin and feel like you made progress, nothing I solved felt useless or not worth the brain power to solve it.GameplayLa-Mulana is the representation of the over-used phrase:""easy to learn and difficult to master"", you have only 3 actual buttons to learn, those are:jump, attack and use sub-weapon, with commands this simple it shouldn't be long until you've got movement figured out, but the game goes out of it's way to show you how much you can do with those, mixing and matching all possibilities and making puzzles and enemies that need you to be on your toes to not get hit, but in the old Dark Souls fashion, the more you play and fight those enemies the more you learn on how to take 'em on and the easier it gets.GraphicsThe game takes us back to Final Fantasy(FF) days, those where 16 bits player and enemies were enough to make a game look okay and distinguish anything from each other, but just like the good old FFs the graphics really shine through bosses and locations, making you pay attention to every single new room you walk into since most puzzles require visual cues, little weird/mystic auras, strange platforms, and fake walls are not at all obvious so you need to pay attention in order to progress and find out about what happened to all Mother's children and how it is all connected thorugh a world of not only telling but showing.Music and sound designI sometimes hum a few songs of the game to myself and even tough I don't think I'll be doing this for much longer the music is really good, they capture the mysterious atmosphere of a long lost dungeon filled with monsters to the core, they are a bit scary and a bit funky to keep you in the mood for adventuring, weapons sounds are satisfying and those ""you solved a puzzle"" fanfare just makes the dopamine gates on your brain to open up.I really recommend you playing the game at least with sounds on, since they help you with puzzles and some other secret thing ;)For new playersI'd recommend getting someone to play either alongside you or with you, to chat and exchange information and hints, since the game has so many secrets I think that would be fun to do, if none of your friends like this kind of games and it's a bit hard on your brains don't be ashamed to look up a thing or two on the wiki, I myself used the maps to help me find the mantras, but only do it if you're really stuck, otherwise I don't thing ""solving"" the puzzles are going to be rewarding."
,Not Recommended,230700,31730594,Posted: 13 May,all,Lime Cultivist,"A really good game that I will likely never play and spend time on again.Modern video games have proven over and over that they can be challenging but enjoyable at the same time.Making puzzle solutions this obscure is almost never fun. Sometimes vague hints are given in entirely different areas to where the puzzle actually is, and important items can be hidden in un/barely marked walls (plus hitting every wall to check might end up killing you. Come to think of it, trying to solve other puzzles might just randomly kill you as well).Summary - you didn't read a hidden message 30 rooms ago, so you don't know how to progress now.I have to give it credit for making me think for the first time: ""maybe I should have starting using that walkthrough earlier.""The areas are varied and interesting and would be fantastic to explore if they were in a different video game.The music is very good and the most memorable thing throughout the game, which is unfortunate.Several things about the physics and controls are purposefully designed to be oldschool, like the awful jumping that's similar to NES castlevania games where you can't change direction while in the air, so combat also falls flat.I'm perfectly okay with accepting ""git gud"" because there's little reason to care about playing this. A wasted opportunity.Still, if you want a video game that's like a job (unless you've already beaten it or are using a walkthrough), I would recommend it: this is not a bad game."
,Not Recommended,230700,12328630,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,DoctorAutopsy,"I've been putting this review off for such a long time that the .txt file on my desktop has been gathering dust. But that's just the thing: This game, despite my utter hatred for it, still left a deep impact (or stab wound rather) on me and it has become essential for me to voice my opinion.What is there to say that hasn't already been said about the controls? They're downright awful. Lemeza floats like a butterfly when he jumps, but carries the momentum of a cannonball when you flutter over to the next screen. Often times, this led me to smash the arrow keys in the opposite direction in a futile attempt to correct my ever so graceful jump and avoid unforseen hazards. Unfortuantely for Lemeza, he would only look the other direction as he was flung into a lava pool or spike pit.However, strangely enough, if you jump straight up into the air, then use WASD mid jump, you become liberated from these cruel forces of momentum. Apparently, Nigoro wasn't going for realistic jump physics then, so what's the point of punishing the player for taking mandated leaps of faith?I could go on about the controls (frequently, I would reset from my last save point than try to get out of water or lava. It was just simpler than trying to jump out of the liquids) but I need to talk about the actual origin of this game. You see, I'm with Nigoro for bringing back challening, MSX-era puzzle platformers. I love games like this. However, if you want to resuscitate the genre (and do a remake no less!), there's no need to keep primitive controls, limited save points, unforgiveably bad physics, and, possibly the worst offender, long walks back to boss fights. When I lose to a boss, I want to get right back into the fight, not drag my knuckles in shame across seven screens (Usually taking damage before the fight, and maybe failing a few platform jumps) to have another go. There is so little polish in these details that it's offensive. They are hideous warts on an already dead and bloated frog.As long as I'm talking about boss fights, why is it that they feel so unrewarding? Most games of this genre will offer you a new weapon or health upgrade after sticking it to one of these big baddies. What's the usual boss reward in La-Mulana? An unlocked door in a far flung corridor, or a shortcut leading to somewhere you've already been. Not to mention that nearly every boss in this game is a variation on ""Equip best weapons and whack them in the face"". Sure, the bosses are visually appealing and they terrifyingly tower over Lemeza, but when I can scour the ruins for all the health ups (or just use the ♥♥♥♥ing gun! Why on earth would you include a super powerful weapon like this? Once the player farms money, they can pay their way through boss fights!) and fling myself over and over at the guardins until they submit, it doesn't feel rewarding in the least. In fact, it proves again how little polish went into this game.I don't want to talk about the puzzles in the La-Mulana too much; The game itself certainly doesn't address them. If you want to solve most of these esoteric and far fetched enigmas, you're probably going to wind up on the FAQ, which, in adventure games, I consider to be the equivalent of inviting a sweaty man from the internet come over and help you pee. It IS indeed an apt comparision because puzzles should flow naturally into the game, not impede you until you figure out the solution. I get that this was common in past eras of gaming, but we've since grown up. It's another blemish on the bronze aged face of gaming that can remain in antiquity.And when you do cave to use the FAQ, the solution to the puzzle in your way will cause you to exclaim one of two things:""That's so simple, how could I not figure that out!?""Or""How are you supposed to know this!?""All in all, La-Mulana will make your blood boil and fill your swear jar. It's not a game: It's a chore. A highly complicated chore that just doesn't feel worth doing. Like giving a playground bully an emergency appendectomy only to have him kick sand in your eye afterwards.Play the original game on an emulator; You'll conserve a lot of time and frustration by using save states. Not to mention that the original has throwback graphics and 8 bit music. These are the things from old gaming that have actually aged well. And get this: With simplistic graphics, some of the puzzles are actually easier in the original version since there's less clutter. They're still hard, but at least you'll feel like you're walking through a piece of history than play this version."
76561198074601889,Recommended,230700,8480133,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Signas,"Indiana Jones simulator. Explore ruins, find items, solve puzzles, fight hordes of monsters and wake ancient guardians up only to put them into eternal slumber.La-Mulana is extremely hard (and even harder with hard mode active), unfair, unforgiving and even punishing at times. And that's why it is loved. The controls, the graphics and the soundtrack are all pure gold and can't get better than this.All puzzles are solvable with the hints in game. Pay attention, take notes, scan everything! Too bad sometimes the hints are way too vague (or just blatant lies) and you will end up resorting to a walkthrough at some point.Using a gamepad is advisable."
,Recommended,230700,11953172,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Cygnus,"This is on my top... 3 games of all time. It's definitely not for everyone. Its a great action platformer, and a great puzzler, but the combination of the two is what makes it genius. If difficult, often-bizzare puzzles are not for you, the game stands on it's own as an action platformer, as you can just look up the solutions to the puzzles (this should be avoided though, if possible - the puzzles are part of the greatness).The music is gorgeous. The artwork is gorgeous (particularly minibosses/bosses). Animation is great. Writing is great - game is both very dark, yet full of humor.This game is literally worth $200. $15 is a steal. If you enjoy platformers, and don't mind putting on your thinking cap (and bringing along a pen and paper to take notes!), you should stop reading this and just buy it, you won't regret it.There are not many games of this genre that truly last 30-50 hours. I cannot think of one. The value is immense.Edit:So 9 months later - oh my god. La-Mulana. The greatest. Still, I wanted to touch on something that I briefly mentioned in my initial review, but didn't elaborate enough into.[/b]When it comes to La-Mulana, you either 'get it' or you don't. Now don't get me wrong - it's got nothing to do with how ""sophisticated"" one's tastes are or anything like that. Those arguments are always meaningless. Rather, La-Mulana is a flawed game in many aspects.I know plenty of people who don't dig the game, and they can usually list off a bunch of minor (but valid) gripes. Sometimes, someone might even have a major criticism regarding the design of the game. I'll be honest - I end up discounting those opinions of just not 'getting it', since they're usually related to the fundamental design of the game (""It's like, too big and confusing, and they don't give any direction"").While I'm not a fan of those crticisms, I absolutely can acknowledge others. It is true - the game is not for everyone, like I said at the start. You might not like it for perfectly valid reasons. Now if you do like it? You will love it. It'll literally blow your mind, like it blew mine.It seems to me that most people either play 4 hours or less of La-Mulana, or they play 30+ hours. Again - you 'get it' or you don't. Movies and other forms of media can be the exact same way - some people will walk out of a film that others will watch hundreds of times. On top of that, this is acult classicwe're dealing with. Expect most fans who love it to rave about it, and nearly everyone else to not understand what all the fuss is about.As far as raving goes, here's mine:Think -  have you ever loved something so much that you're almost frustrated that more people don't understand how incredible it is? Movies, books, songs, games... you name it - I'm sure there's something that you feel that way about. That's how I feel about La-Mulana. To me, it is the most incredible, genius, outstanding, ""best game of all time"" contending game I've played in years.I implore everyone to at least check this out (ideally when it's on sale for like $3, even though I think it's worth $200), see if it's for you. Most people probably won't be into it. They  won'tdislikethe game - they'll just be indifferent. ""Eh, it's good, but I don't see why it's the greatest game of all time and could possibly be the messiah in gaming form."" Perfectly understandible - but if youareamong us few who's brains are for some reason wired to adore this twisted monster of a game, it might literally change your life."
,Recommended,230700,18203242,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sadface,"La-Mulana is a side-scrolling platformer game that pits you against a sprawling, convoluted temple filled with monsters, traps, and puzzles. This game requires patience, determination, memory, and puzzle-solving skills above all else.The combat is simple but solid; Initially, you are only provided with a whip with which to dispatch a vast array of enemies and bosses, but later you unlock many different sub-weapons and main weapons with different attack styles.The way you learn to move your character, Lemeza, over the course of the game becomes a refined art. It feels odd at first, but once you get used to the quirks, you learn how to use them to your benefit and further explore the ruins.Solving puzzles in this game feels incredibly rewarding, because often the solutions are only presented to you if you are paying very close attention to everything you encounter. It pays to have a pen and paper available to jot down every little thing you see.A word of warning: Throughout the course of this game, you may very well find yourself stuck and in need of guidance - and that's okay. It's happened to me, plenty. If you find yourself in this situation, rather than find a complete walkthrough, it's best if you use it to find the solution to one or two major puzzles which will hopefully then point you in the right direction to continue your adventuring unaided. You can always backtrack later, once you've gotten well and truly stuck again.If you purchase La-Mulana then you should keep in mind that it can be very frustrating, especially at the beginning, but if you persevere you will find that this is actually a beautifully constructed game with plenty of love and attention to detail poured into it.Definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,230700,15012943,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,LoGrande,"Hoo boy; what to say about La-Mulana... (TLDR see bottom)There is no question in my mind that this game is very well polished and complete in its entirety. It has an awesome soundtrack, excellent platforming elements, a wide-array of weapons, and the few characters in the game are very loveable.La-Mulana puzzles are deliberately unfair, obscure, and require either a RIDICULOUS amount of hours (I am talking like... 100+), or the use of a FAQ to finish without going insane. It is a Japanese Platformer, meaning the game requires utter devotion from you, or some outside knowledge to enjoy completely.Let me outline this for you - unless you want the make La-Mulana the thesis statement of your life you WILL NOT beat it without a FAQ or without help - here's why:-The game starts off completely solvable (I managed to clear many of the first areas without help)-Puzzles remain contained AT FIRST, limiting solutions and ""cause and effect"" action to within zones-The game VERY long for a platformer.Things obscure as READING something in one part of the ruins may unlock an entire way to go in another part. It's true, the game drops all sorts of hints and things, and it is definitely possibly to trace some sort of information to almost every puzzle... but let's face it - are you really going to remember a sentence of text you read at hour 5 for hour 55? Of course the logical solution would be then to write it down - I did that... my word document is roughly twenty pages (single spaced) long. Even Ctrl-F can't save me from my own notes!But at the end of the day I can't really dislike La-Mulana for being frustrating... that's kind of why I bought it in the first place. One thing that drove me crazy is that although you have awesome platforming abilities in the game, it is ultimately a puzzle game, meaning those abilities are often left on the pause screen while you pull out your hair thinking of how to progress further. On the bright side, all of the bosses and enemy placement seems to be excellent.So if you are in the mood to spend endless hours (I am serious... 100+) wandering some virtual hallways jiving to some catchy music, you may just be THAT person who beats La-Mulana without a FAQ. Or... being rational, you can swallow your pride, progress as far as possible alone, and then use a FAQ whenever hope is lost.I enjoyed this game; but I wouldn't only recommend it the majority with the use of a FAQ.TLDR: Game's really long, esoteric puzzles, good music, good enemies, tediously frusterating."
,Recommended,230700,13548846,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Linden,"this game's puzzles are so obscure, i thought leaving a positive review might unlock something10/10 made me want to kill myself"
76561198003514129,Recommended,230700,7743442,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,joe2187,"This game is brutal, unforgiving and sometimes downright unfair. I love it.A nice old school challenge that feels very rewarding for beating the levels, it's like an old school Dark SoulsVania"
,Recommended,230700,11762655,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Akka,"Spelunky, I Wanna Be The Guy, Milon's Secret Castle, Montezuma's Revenge, and just a little bit of Castlevania and Shinobi went into making this game.How delightful it is to blunder upon the next method of progress, and yet at times I find myself asking ""how would anyone have naturally come across this necessary step to progress the game?"" There has to be a better way of making these games than cryptic clues that spawn switches that alter the level several screens over. You can get walled by your ineptitude but more often than not it's because you lack an obscurely placed yet crucial item. The Birth Seal is on the surface for ♥♥♥♥s sake buried in waterfalls on a small platform that requires you to make a blind jump over a moving target that will throw your trajectory off it if collides with you. Not to mention the absurdly comvoluted steps you need to take to engage the collosus.As the game progresses I'm certain to run into even more problems of this sort, but it's nothing the internet can't help me out with. Better design would incorpirate non-obtrusive hints into the game's patchwork, maybe a certain NPC could give you the gist of where an item you need is hiding as opposed to having me aimlessly wander around combing every single room for the few areas I can access with whichever new item I just recieved.That said it has a wonderful lack of sequence, there is a tremendous variety in the order you can do things. This can backfire though when the first boss you run into is actually supposed to be the third and is thus stupid hard (in a game that's already stupid hard).I was really pumped about the music for the first few hours or so but having to revisit and comb over every sector so meticulously has caused the tracks to lose their charm. There's a magnificent amount of interactivity with the environment, at a depth I would not ever expect in what was a free game. Expect to die and get hit fairly often, this game is no stranger to instantly killing you on a careless spiteful whim. I hope you enjoy going to the same hotsprings about 100 times, since potions aren't a thing in La-Mulana country.I pity anyone who gave up on this title after just a few hours."
,Not Recommended,230700,14309638,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Asrael,"Edit: To those who disagree, please comment. I honestly want to hear how I'm wrong about this.La-Mulana is a fantastic platforming adventure game that does not hold your hand. ""The adventure begins"" and that's all you get. The video on the Steam store page helps quite a bit, giving you the basic essentials to starting. From there, you spelunk a massive ruin with many cultures mixed into a great, nuanced, satisfying story.I really want to just say that I love this game, everyone should play it and learn how to be a real gamer. However, there were some frustrating points that ultimately made me drop it. That's not to say that everyone will find the same things frustrating, but I wanted to give fair warning at least.La-Mulana has a very well designed difficulty curve for quite a while, but right around the mid-game, things get very overwhelming. A number of puzzles at that point have given you so many clues and you have so many places you can go that it becomes impossible to filter between what you can and can't solve without meticulous note-taking. I found the sheer number of things that you have to keep handy just in case a tablet somewhere hints at a room somewhere else to go beyond intimidating to the point of not being fun.A lot of things are hidden behind one completely unremarkable wall among hundreds or trial and error. At the same time I've had the most legitimate challenge that I've had in any game. I wish I could give this a neutral to say ""be prepared for masochistic gaming or a walkthrough"", but this is probably the closest I can get considering the majority of people. Also, my playtime is not what it appears, I've been playing collaboratively in offline mode with a friend."
,Not Recommended,230700,28398570,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Llamaliker,"Solving the cryptic puzzles and mysteries is great once you get into it but there are so many frustrations throughout, I struggle to say if it's worth it.There's terrible hitboxes on the bosses, which are insanely difficult without getting the extra secret upgrades and weapons (even then they're still really difficult).The jumping mechanics are weird and imprecise, which wouldn't be so bad except a lot of the levels and enemies/bosses are designed in such a way that you have to be precise.And the game loves to throw insane annoyances at you, like how about a room which is really hard and annoying to get to even once you've worked out how to get there, so every time you need to go there you have to spend ages trying over and over to get in there. Then let's have a really hard mini boss in there so every time you die you have to go back and do it all again. Then once you've finally beaten it, have an insta-kill trap in the next room. There's a fair bit of that in La-Mulana, and I get that the game seems to pride itself on dicking you over but you can do that without necessarily feeling unfair.I don't even mind most of the insta-kill traps. You can usually see them coming and avoid them if you're cautious and pay enough attention, and they're usually close enough to a save point that you can just laugh them off and continue.If you think you can put up with all that and you really enjoy big adventures and cryptic puzzles that'll have you taking lots of notes then it might be worth it for you. Despite that I'm not recommending this game, I did enjoy it well enough, it's just a deeply flawed game that really isn't for everyone.If you do decide to play it, here's some words of advice:The game has a manual (you can access it by right clicking the game in your library), you'll have to read it to solve a puzzle early on because as far as I'm aware, the solution isn't even alluded to in the game.I would of course recommend avoiding using a guide as much as possible but you'll probably end up needing a guide at some point. I recommend ""Cheshire's Hint-based Guide"" on the steam guides as it'll allow you to get hints to parts you're stuck at without having the solution outright given to you.After you've beaten the first boss you'll be able to gain access to three separate bosses without actually having to beat any of them. You should get to that point, and then use the previously mentioned guide to help you find the Axe weapon and make sure you've gotten as many life orbs as you can. Without those you're going to have a really hard time with the bosses."
,Recommended,230700,13578367,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,olshi,"Are you into genuine puzzle platformers and think FEZ is too pretentious? Then La-Mulana is for you.Don't let the cute retro-style deceive you. There is deep lore hidden behind the surface, and you have to understand it in order to progress. Read all the stone tablets that are spread throughout the game, and take notes. There is no shame in asking other players for directions or even using a guide, if you have been hopelessly stuck for hours. But you will feel like an idiot afterwards, when you realize that the clues had all been laid out for you. You just didn't take them seriously. The platforming and fighting can also be very challenging at times, especially some of the later guardians.There will be lots of backtracking, of course, but traveling through the different areas is still fun. Each area is unique. Each guardian bossfight is unique. And every puzzle is unique. You'll find yourself putting lots of weights on daises, but how you get to them is always different. Many puzzles require you to figure out clever gimmicks, only to never see them again. For other puzzles you'll have to do something in one area that affects something in a different area. The game world is also structured in a non-linear fashion. For example, you could skip the first guardian and fight the third one first, if you like (or if you simply haven't figured out, how to get to the first one...).Let me just give you one tip for the sake of your enjoyment: In the first area, the Gate of Guidance, is a treasure which allows you to warp to savepoints, and you can get it immediately. It will save you a lot of traveling time."
,Recommended,230700,23570064,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mankanshoku,"Amazing game, insane difficulty and worth every minute of exploration."
,Recommended,230700,32585588,Posted: 20 June,all,Beefster,"The remake fixes a lot of what was (intentionally) wrong with the original freeware version. Rather than faithfully emulating the terrible design sensibilities of the 80s, the remake approaches things like a modern game, but without all the hand-holding of modern games.It really is a well-done metroidvania that branches out into so many possibilities early on. There is no linearity to speak of... Perhaps it's a little too open, as you will probably want to play with a guide or at least a map and even then you will probably have a hard time deciding what to do next."
,Recommended,230700,26796796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roegnvaldr,"This game is -meant- to be difficult, hard, completely unapologetic about these features, and with minimal hand-holding.We live in a time where this can be an option. No one needs to argue that ""games have to cater to all audiences"" because there are too many games - enough to supply anyone's tastes.With that said, the same applies to this game. This supplies the tastes of people like me who are not bothered by the difficulty and take it up as a challenge. Plus, for all intents and purposes, the game does escalate in a fair fashion - the difficulty raises at a rather steady pace. The issue for some people is that it already starts at a grueling difficulty.As far as ""Castlevania"" games go, this is one of the best. With a very interesting plot, very different locales, dozens of enemies and bosses.... this is what, to me, a game should feel...An adventure."
,Recommended,230700,7835182,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,InTheGhett0,"Indiana Jones and Mega Man had a child and it's name was La Mulana. This game is cerebral, challenging, and old school. For all the voice overs, Graphical lens flares, blooms and facial emulations in the world, they just can't replace challenging side scrollers with head-scratching puzzles and some cheesy 16-bit midi audio background music to boot.$3 well spent. Controller function is customizable and perfectly conforms to a PS2-3 controller as well. #Winning. A Must Have."
,Recommended,230700,1578032,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Highwang,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClibpTPSzj8
,Recommended,230700,9402532,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,BananaJane,Everything's so meaningful.But do yourself a favor and beat the original first.The remake spoils the experience
,Recommended,230700,1528008,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Radioactive,"A tough-as-nails Metroidvania with no sympathy for those that don't want to take notes, La-Mulana is a love letter to the bygone era of games that expected the player to progress purely through exploration, investigation, and experimentation rather than hand-holding.La-Mulana's primary gameplay focus is exploration and puzzle-solving, though the bosses are nothing to scoff at, especially if hard mode is enabled. The ruins of La-Mulana are absolutely massive, riddled with puzzles, traps, and bosses, and paying attention to the environment is essential to progress. Background objects can be examined, giving you vital clues about the world and the puzzles that can be found within, and note taking is highly encouraged as the hints you find may apply to puzzles on the other end of the ruins.La-Mulana controls a bit like an early Castlevania game. Your control over your jumping trajectory is limited, and knockbacks can be brutal. You start with a whip, but as you progress through the game, you'll find lots of different weapons and subweapons you can equip, each with their own strengths and weaknesses.It is not a game for everyone, and the very beginning of the game can be especially tough if you don't know what you're up against, but if you desire a massive world to explore and a game that can give you the satisfaction of solving complex riddles without the game shoving the solution in your face, then La-Mulana might be for you. There's no shame in checking a guide every now and again, especially when you get near the end of the game, which is when the puzzles start to become quite complex, but you'll get the most enjoyment out of La-Mulana if you try to solve as many of its mysteries as you can by yourself, armed with only your wits and a collection of notes.If you want to try La-Mulana, I definitely recommend reading through the manual, as well as watching the ""Beginner's Guide to La-Mulana"" video on Youtube."
,Recommended,230700,13123088,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Stofil,"La-Mulana is proof that a game that makes you want to tear your hair out in frustrated confusion can also be one of the most rewarding and satisfactory experiences in its field. A lot of love and effort went into this product, and it shows not only through the striking visuals and great soundtrack, but also through how truly fleshed out the ruins turn out to be. Not a single pixel seems to be wasted, each and every bit is part of a larger picture, another puzzle. The rabbit hole goes deep in this adventure, and you are equipped with the means of just barely being able to deal with it all.La-Mulana is not for everyone, its sense of scale and pacing craves your attention and commitment on a level few products made for entertainment dears to tread, but it also makes sure that your hard work is worth it."
76561198041287163,Recommended,230700,30119058,Posted: 23 February,all,jinx_jinx,"This game... I've been gaming since late 1980-s, and I've never encountered a game like this. I think if I needed a game to play till I die, only one game, it's likely I'd pick this one. It's so vast, so hard, so cryptic, you'll need a FAQ to get anywhere. Yet, even with a FAQ it's so rewarding to even get to a next boss, let alone beat it. A puzzle feast yet hardcore platformer, truly a masterpiece, a flawed one of course, so casual players better stay away."
76561198085772832,Recommended,230700,7089327,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,L-chan,"You know, I tried to recommend this game before it was even released on Steam... didn't quite work. I had lots of things to say, and it was a pretty good rant... too bad I don't remember it XD! What I do remember is the praise I gave for this epic game: IT FRICKIN' ROCKS!!It's hard, the ruins want to destroy our hero, Lameza, in every way possible, but the mystery behind everything and the story that starts to come to light... the music... GRRGH!! I can't type in large enough caps to fully express how much I adore this game! It's cruel, it's evil, there is MUCH rage-quitting for me, but I keep coming back. That is how you know that you have a good game, despite it being a total jerk game, I keep returning to the La-Mulana ruins.The music... oh man, the music..!! Ambient and epic! I'm gonna overuse the word ""epic"" a lot; EPIC EPIC EPIC!!!This is NOT for casual gamers by any means of the imagination, the puzzles EAT casual gamers (and hardcore gamers too, with a side of french fries), and the enemies--guardians and the mini-bosses--... well... no one wants Lameza wandering around the ruins! Before I spoil anything more, go play it! Seriously, just go play it! :3!!!This game is, dare I say, overwhelmingly epic and awesome! I would not have known about it if not for a YouTube Let's Player by the name of DeceasedCrab. Look him up sometime, his playthrough is amazing and helpful! When I am stuck---and mad as hell and not willing to take it anymore (references!)--I use his videos as a guide/walkthrough, because this game takes NO PRISONERS!!Abandon all hope ye who enter here? Nah! More like Prepare for a whole new level of pain and suffering and EPIC!!!!!See? I updated this review and I still used the word EPIC far too much!"
,Recommended,230700,22655382,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Odio,"A 2D Non-Linear Exploration Action Platformer, or as many call, a ""Metroidvania"". La Mulana is one of the few games which could be considered a work of art - that is, we aren't just talking about story and graphics here like many games lauded as art are praised for - the entirety of this piece of work is a masterwork of the craft of game design.Gameplay will challenge and push players to their limits, and encourage discussion among peers to discover it's many secrets. Graphics and story are basic yet without any glaring flaws. Music is catchy, and captures the mood of every location and event perfectly.Controls may seem stiff at first, but the even a casual player will be able to get used to them, especially since the levels are designed around them. Some puzzles may be too tough to solve solo, and while taking notes down old school style is encouraged, some may be discouraged by the lack of taking in-game notes (bar the ability to log down a number of clues). However, none of these minor setbacks add up nor will bog a player down for long.All explorers, Metroidvania fans, and fans of ""hard"" games will surely enjoy this remake of the classic indie."
,Recommended,230700,12565845,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ajmarin,"With very elaborate puzzles and difficult bosses, this game is not for the weak. If you like games that teach you everything you need to know in minimal details, you should not play this game. At times, you may be completely lost/clueless on what to do next. Or you'll be stuck on a boss, dying over and over. That said, the game does provide several tips through an exploration experience, you will need to take notes in order to succeed."
,Recommended,230700,8221094,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kelvinouteiro,"Hey, We have a nice soundtrack over here! xDThis game make me rage quit a lot of times, but yet still fun. I don't know why, but hardcore Games are awesome!The son of Castlevania. Highly recomended"
76561198132348862,Recommended,230700,25059770,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Logi,"Never did I have a harder time writing a review than before. What should I do? I think I will look at the different aspects of the game.Story:The basic premise: You play Lemeza Kosugi, an archeologist who wants to explore La-Mulana, also known as the ruins. So you are doing exploration.Lemeza doesn’t have much character and frankly, he doesn’t have to because what makes this game good is the story behind the story.If it was for the story alone, this game would earn full score and a recommendation because I love the creativity behind this.Graphics:Given that it is a retro game, the graphics look great. The different parts of the ruins are all beautiful and can be easily distinguished. At parts I just stopped to take in the scenery.The animation of the enemies is smooth and they look also pretty great, especially the bosses.If it was for graphics alone, I would also give a recommendation.Music:Alright, here I’m indecisive. When it comes to dungeon music, some pieces are repetitive and too short for my taste. Then there are themes that start to get on my nerve after a while (e.g. hell temple). However the boss pieces fit their respective fights perfectly. Tiamat’s and The Mother’s music pieces are the best of the bunch. Also the theme of the true shrine of mother is something I could listen for hours.Gameplay:It is so weird. If you look at my profile you will notice that I’ve got more than 70% out of all the possible achievements. On the one hand, if you manage to figure something out and solve a puzzle, it just feels great. On the other hand, the way there. Let me tell you how my first time with La Mulana went.I got inside the ruins and started to investigate them. I explored them and eventually got to the mausoleum of the giants. I got the save point there and scanned every tablet. Eventually I stumbled upon one that warned me to read it again. Eager to see what would happen, I looked at it again and started Hard Mode. Without a holy grail to teleport from tablet to tablet, without anything. It was hard to get out of the mausoleum and to the hot springs on the surface again. Then I tried it again, entered the ruins and this time got to the temple of the sun. Here my journey ended. I didn’t have enough weights to open the doors.At this point I gave up and watched a playthrough and learned that you can get the grail at the very beginning and that it is basically required to beat this game.This angered me so much.I respect that La Mulana gives you the chance to go wherever you want right at the beginning (like you can go to the giant monster protecting the feather and die there if you feel like it or to the waterfall at the other side and die in the water). HOWEVER too much freedom can alienate players to the point where they will just give up.First impressions are very important for certain people and this wasn’t a good impression.I dare say there should be a beginners’ mode to help players get what they need at the beginning like the Holy Grail before making the game world open to explore as you like.Speaking of the grail, I am not done yet. There is a problem gameplay wise and that’s Lemeza’s laptop. Let’s say you have found the tablets of the main areas like the mausoleum of the giants or the gate of guidance. Later on you find other areas like the tower of the goddess or the tower of ruin. Can you teleport there with the Holy Grail?Yes, if you install special software for it.WHY?!Why would you need that?!Why does it work with the main areas but not with the special areas unless you use software? Why would software make an ancient artifact do that?!I’m sorry, this just hurts. What does a piece of software do to an ancient artifact to make it teleport Lemeza to places it didn’t before?! My suspension of disbelief is gone here.But it goes on with this problem: So our hero has found a map of a specific area and you press F1 to look at it. Can you see it?No, you can’t: You need to install a specific piece of software to see it. An additional kind of software to gain details. So you need the map, the software to display it AND additional software to see details. Sorry, why? If it was only two steps (like most games do like Zelda: You need a map and a compass to get the most out of it) I would accept it, but three?However the worst part: Some of the software you gain doesn’t even tell you exactly what it does. Why?Overall I didn’t like the part with the software. If all of it told me what it does and if there was a list of software combinations to look up, I would like it. But how it currently is? No thanks.Yet another problem in this game is healing. What can you do to heal yourself?First: Finding hot springs, jumping in there.Second: Gaining enough experience points will restore HP. This is done by collecting green energy balls.Third: Finding a healing fairy (which have a 50% chance to appear)That is all. You won’t get healed at save spots and you don’t have healing items.This makes this game much harder than it needs to be. For example GBA Castlevania games are much more forgiving: You have dangerous places but you can buy and use healing items and getting to a save spot restores all your HP.Speaking of save spots, they are too far away from the bosses if you ask me. Especially when I was about to face the final boss, that took way too long. Or Bahamut.Furthermore: Lemeza is a bit stiff to control at the beginning. Until he gets some decent equipment like the feather or the software that makes him go faster (however this is supposed to work in reality), he is a pain to control. Especially the jump at the beginning is hard to control.Also, what bothered me from beginning to end was the knockback. When Lemeza gets hit, he flies back two blocks. Let’s say he falls down a deep chasm. He will fall and fall and fall after falling back two blocks. This can be very frustrating, especially the first time in the inferno chambers where the lava drains away health like no tomorrow. In conjunction with not buying the item that lets you open the laptop in lava this can lead to a game over very fast for one simple mistake.Speaking of mistakes, sometimes I couldn’t believe what mean tricks some ruins pulled. Like the gate of illusion where you need to teleport by walking into certain walls. Oh, and instant death traps. Some that can’t even be predicted. This can be super frustrating.So what I did: My first run left such a horrible taste that I stuck to a speedrunner video to play through this game. I have to say, the endgame is better than the beginning. Lemeza can double jump, moves faster, is versatile… and I had enough motivation left to beat the hell temple after finishing the game.However 72% is the farthest I’ll go in this game. Beating final boss gave me a hard time and I’ll never fight her again. Not under the current circumstances.Given that not even 5% have actually finished the game, here are some suggestions now that I’ve heard that La Mulana 2 is in the making:First: More guidance in the beginning.Second: The healing issue. It is just so bothering. I suggest save spots that heal and having healing items to ease it up a little.Third: The software gimmick needs to be revised. Like secret software actually telling what it can do.So what should I do? Bash this game for making my first time with it a nightmare? Praise it for its other aspects that come midway through and at the end?Well, I am 52% pro and 48% contra so I will give it a pass.The way La Mulana is currently, I can only recommend playing it with a guide until you get the Holy Grail and then investigating on your own if you want to play it the way it’s meant to be. It’s just to spare you the frustration I had at the beginning.However I do love the backstory of this game and look forward to see what the developers will do with the sequel."
,Recommended,230700,29378895,Posted: 20 January,all,BossCrab,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. It took me a long time to try it out, but it is absolutely worth a play for anyone who enjoys exploration and puzzle solving. Not as cryptic as its reputation lends it to be, but still requires quite a bit of thought to solve the puzzles.Take notes and challenge the ruins!"
,Recommended,230700,31528236,Posted: 3 May,all,Arsames,"La-Mulana is one of the best metroidvania games I've ever played. It is probably the hardest puzzle game I've ever played, the puzzles are disjointed and cryptic, which can make it very hard. I had to use a guide at certain times, but I delayed it as much possible because solving obstacles and puzzles on your own is very rewarding. I am happy to read that with La-Mulana 2, they want to make the puzzles and problem solving more intuitive and less cryptic. You start out weak, but with all the treasures and weapons you can can find in the ruins, you can become extremely powerful!La-Mulana is not for everyone, you have to enjoy games that do not hold your hand. If you want to play this game properly, be prepared to make in real life maps of the levels, with the individual room names all noted down (they are important for solving puzzles and understanding clues). Make screenshots of all the text clues you read from tablets, skeletons and other inspectable stuff. It is going to be a long and hard journey, but it is worth it. Only use a guide as a true last resort.I enjoyed this game a lot, except Hell Temple (a secret optional level), which as the name implies, is not a fun place. When I was done there, I left it as soon as I could, the only thing I felt was relief, relief that I was finally done with that place!Gameplay = 9/10Soundtrack = 9/10Graphics = 5/10Story = 8/10La-Mulana is a great game! I am looking forward to La-Mulana 2!"
,Recommended,230700,19800305,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Argle Bargle,This videogame will make you feel like an adult. An adult who plays videogames.
76561198120630369,Recommended,230700,14461727,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Agent13,"La Mulana Is a awesome Game, with great Music and cool 2D graphics. Great game for persistence players. The high difficult, ""Simon Belmont jump"" and confuse Puzzles can stuck many players. Sometimes I need see guides for continue my quest."
76561198083363463,Recommended,230700,11043452,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Josh,"i have no idea what is going on in this game, i really don't ! I made like 1% progress this entire time. I refuse to look at a strategy guide so i will never beat this game. However there is something about it that i really like, even though it really is impossible to advance without strategy guide. I can't quite put my finger on it, something just epic about it.I can't put a score onto this game because as i said, i have no idea what is going on lol.I think part of the reason i like it so much is because it simply is impossible, it really does not care that there is no way in heck you will figure things out. Perhaps that is what it is, it is fun becausse it is impossible, yes yes that is it !Now i can give it a score, i give it a 100 out of 100 for being impossible and yet enjoyable at the same time !being abused by a video game with 2 bit graphics turns me on"
76561197992909722,Recommended,230700,1409512,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Reverend Ragu,"This is a good game if you like puzzles, dying, exploration and good music - as you damn well should."
,Recommended,230700,8918036,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Drex,"If you're looking for a really hardcore Metroidvania type game, this is a good one. The quality is spot on there's practically no bugs or crash conditions in the game either it's just like playing an old game. It also has a fabulous soundtrack. Do be warned however that the difficulty of the puzzles is absolutely insane and using a walkthrough to complete it for many players would not come as a surprise."
,Recommended,230700,9053222,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Heavy Viper,"Imagine if instead of chasing after realism and endlessly incresing amount of polygons, games had kept pushing the limits of what could be done on a two-dimensional plane until they began to challenge and even surpass the depth and size of most modern games. It's hard to say what they'd look like for sure, but La-Mulana is a damn good approximation.There's hours of enjoyment to be had here for folks looking for a challenging and rewarding experience, not just another traipse around some glorified shooting galleries. You will be pushed. You will get lost. You will come close to prevailing, and you will die. Oh my word yes, you will die. But the game world is incredibly open and busy. If you get stuck in one place, you can  explore elsewhere, either to find another way to progress or to look for clues that might help you. Eventually though, with perseverance, you'll make it, and nothing can beat the feeling of overcoming a boss or puzzle that has had you stumped for far longer than you'd have liked.Simply put, if you find yourself wanting more from games, try this one."
,Recommended,230700,4812928,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Sephiko,"A giant metroid-vania with complex puzzles, interesting lore, and great boss fights."
,Recommended,230700,8539954,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bird,"This game is everything I love about metroidvanias. The ability to sequence break like crazy, fun and unique bosses, good puzzles. All around this game is very enjoyable. The only problem is it's undoubtedly too hard for plenty of people. Best of luck for people crazy enough to go for all achievements."
76561198006483834,Recommended,230700,10595825,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nacho_chicken,"Playing this is the closest I've ever felt to becoming Indiana Jones.Ridiculously clever puzzles (albeit obtuse at times), fantastic level design, and a rockin' soundtrack put this way ahead of other Action-Adventure games."
,Recommended,230700,20103341,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ninban,"This is hardcore Metroidvania, a great hardcore Metroidvania.The game starts you off exploring in a rather limited area, so you will soon stumble upon the first dungeon, which are called fields in this game. This first field also serves as an old school tutorial: you will learn the mechanics of the game within it, to recognize some traps and to doubt others. It's also really great as you can complete almost everything in the first field without ever going elsewhere, even beating its boss.Once you've beat the first boss and completed most of the field's puzzles, it's time to branch out into the real game. Now you will begin the real exploration! You will need to visit many areas before being able to complete one, only stopped by a lack of tools or by too powerful enemies. The hints, which were pretty self-contained in the first field, will be found pretty much anywhere.This game is really great and I heartly recommand it. Warning tough: the jumping controls are stiff and need a little adaptation. You might also want to consider a pen and paper to take note of some hints early on - until you find an in-game software you can use for that. Besides the accumulation of orbs, the hot spring is the only way to regain health.What I think is the most amazing thing is how understanding the lore is primordial to understand and solve the puzzles. Through its tablet hints and other environmental cues, the game has a lore to tell and recurring themes that become more and more the key to find some of the later solutions. The ""second"" field, Mausoleum of the Giants, introduce the concept quite forcefully, even though most of its lore puzzles can be brute-forced without much trouble.As usual with this kind of game, you start off really weak but if you commit yourself to find everything, you will become almost overpowered by the game's end, so don't be put off by the initial difficulty (or maybe you should come back with a better weapon or more health)."
,Recommended,230700,7147414,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Soapyhood,"A heartful remake for a finely crafted freeware gem. You play as an explorer, armed with only a whip, an Indiana Jones hat, and a strong drive for exploration. And my gosh, you really succumb to wanderlust. Diving into the ruins is rewarding in terms of music, visuals, content, and ~that warm feeling~ of nabbing yourself another sweet item/weapon/powerup to add to your ever growing arsenal. No room is used simply for the once, while this encourages backtracking, it also makes the ruins of La-Mulana feel more organic. And that's fantastic. The antagonist of the game is the game itself, you want nothing more than to beat it to a pulp, and steal its dinner money. La-Mulana is a very unforgiving game with little to no hand-holding, and I adore that. Every accomplishment your character makes, you are responsible for. You FEEL like an honest-to-god explorer. And I haven't even mentioned the puzzles. I love this game so, so much. I can feel the love and care that went into this title, slavishly improving on every aspect that was already great about the original, and it's bursting from the seams with quality content. One of my favourite games of the past decade."
,Recommended,230700,2953184,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,mushbuh,"It's pretty good. You are like indiana jones or something, but he has a laptop. I would pay money for it. Well I mean, I did pay money for it."
76561198362080215,Recommended,230700,33697011,Posted: 21 July,all,bfinkel,"This is a fantastic game for anybody who likes brutally hard puzzle and metroidvania games. This is not a game that any casual player can sit down and enjoy this is for a very specific audience but other people will also like it for the combat and platforming. I currently have 70 hours in the game and I have not beaten it; and, this is because of the insane puzzles. These are why i think that the game is too difficult for most people. Do not read on unless you want me to spoil one puzzle so SPOILER ALERT also for people who stopped reading get the game. One puzzle you need to read a tablet then you need to go to an area and press the down key in a specific pot. You get a hint for this in a obscure area of the ruins. Then you break a seal. Then you walk through a wall that is actually not there and break another seal. Then you can progress in the game. That is a MANDATORY puzzle to beat the game. Their are many puzzles less and more difficult than this one but do not use a walkthrough though it makes the game worse. Just work through it. All I can say is that this game is a master piece and will provide days of entertainment. Days...."
76561198086061585,Recommended,230700,8775518,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,gaia.razus,"The great retro adventure game among many big picture games in these days is like finding a pearl in the ocean, when you found it, better hold it carefully and don't let it get away."
,Recommended,230700,8127705,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,FMCyrus,"A fun, pleasantly long 2D action-exploration game.  Good story with many tricky puzzles that require putting together clues from around the ruins.   Occasionally consulting a guide, this took me 28 hours my first time through.  Perfect if you want a challenge!"
76561198053195752,Recommended,230700,13513217,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Die, insect!","Great game, well I have to say this is the first action adventure that I have to resort to guide to even progress... Neverthe less it's a superb game, great music, lots of items and hard, HARD boss fights. The thing that makes this game hard is that the game is huge and it's not linear. You could do the dungeons in any order as long you get the key items. I have seen speedrun killing the boss after cleared nearly half of the game. Half of the time that you will have trouble to find where to go...Also this game is coming on Vita too, be sure to buy it if you can!"
76561198028049202,Recommended,230700,10751988,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kupo Games,"Everything about it is great; the humor, the music, the action, the graphic style, etc. But it’s so cryptic that it’s almost unplayable without a walkthrough, and using a walkthrough for the entire game would be boring. I gave up a few hours in, once I could no longer make any progress by myself. La-Mulana gives you almost no instructions or directions at all, just very cryptic hints that are usually impossible to understand. Some of the more annoying puzzles include invisible floors, or breakable walls that look like normal walls.  The world is so massive and has so many path branches that you’ll be backtracking for ages before you figure out what you’ve missed or where to go.Even very important key items like the map and warp system are fairly well hidden!I probably wouldn’t have found them for a very long time, but I checked the wiki when I got trapped in a dead-end room. There’s actually traps that force you to load your last saved game! And they don’t even tell you that you’re perma-trapped! So you have to sit there like an idiot for 15 minutes trying to get out.Ugh. It’s a shame. I really would have liked to finish the game. Cause it would be awesome if it was actually playable. If I wanted pointlessly difficult games, I’d pull out something for the NES.But who knows, maybe I’ll give it another try someday."
,Recommended,230700,989152,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Xeinok,"A total must-buy if you enjoy Metroidvania type games or puzzles at all.  So delightfully detailed, you can feel all the love poured into this.  Very challenging and will keep your attention."
,Recommended,230700,13963001,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Twitch: KouenHasuki,"A puzzle platformer, La-Mulana is a remake of an old classic, which obviously means it's halfway incomprehensible, hard as hell, and also a hell of a lot of fun.The puzzles are difficult, the gameplay is tricky, and the music is fantastic. Totally worth it.Kouen & Lasharus rate this game 8/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374265051"
,Recommended,230700,7746329,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AceOfMasta,"Great, addicting, challenging game. If you love exploration and like Castlevania/Metroidvania style type of games, then this is for you."
76561198026527434,Recommended,230700,10570077,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,100%ミルキィ☆D R E W,"Metroidvania with an unrecognizable retro feel that ISN'T the type that's trending among the recent indie games. The awkward controls, the unforgiving difficulty of the puzzles, and lack of direction at any point in time only adds to the charm of La-Mulana."
76561198119394673,Recommended,230700,10647057,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,virtu0s0,"it's not Metroid,not Castlevania(Vampire killer on the MSX),no Indiana Jones..It's Maze of Galious(Knightmare II) and don't see it mentioned anywhere.Been waiting till probably 2006 from 1986 when I bought my 2nd Konami ROM catriridge.Nothing close to this game got to my attention until the 8bit La-Mulana (a tribute).Like my wish had been granted, but there was more when i read it was remade on the Wii.First thing is to beat this game hopefully not with 2 much help from forums and maps.But thats the way I played MOG back then, hoping there was more info in some magazine.Thats probably the way archeologists go to work as well, gathering info on maps/artifacts.Have to be quick though La-Mulana 2 is already in the make (they took over 5 years for 1)"
76561197968028382,Recommended,230700,11189519,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Guilty,"This game is a wonderful mix of exploration, puzzle solving and platforming. Throw in amazingly tough boss battles, dirty traps, and the occasional heartfelt cry of ""That is so unfair!"" and you have a truly rewarding and fun game."
,Recommended,230700,11215411,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kaitak,"A pretty good Metroidvania game that requires you to be attentive, and explore a lot. La-Mulana will give you a decent challenge, but not all of it should be present. The controls aren't as fluid as you would want them to be; at times this game can feel really clunky. Nevertheless, pick up this game if you're into Metroidvania games since it is a must for Steam users."
,Recommended,230700,11223638,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SuperAzureBee,"This game is tough. The platforming's tricky. The puzzles are obscure.Just like how good old Metroidvania's were meant to be.Get it.The secrets are phenominal, and the weapons are unique and helpful.Buy it."
76561198042312630,Recommended,230700,11340533,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Loading...,"For the love of all that is holy, take notes! As someone who has played this game a ton and even re-bought it on steam (to show support), you NEED to take notes to fully enjoy this game.It isn't hard to have a little notepad off to the side, make sure you write down every little detail you scan from tablets, and where you found it! It doesn't take as much effort and will save you tons of pain!For those who haven't wussed out by now, congrats! You have one of the most fun and rewarding experiences in gaming ahead of you!Just remember, if you get reaaaaaaally stuck, rather then getting frustrated, just get some help, just try not to spoil everything, or you will deprive yourself of the joy of discovery.As a side note, if you are interested in the metroidvania combat and exploration in this game, but hate super obtuse and hard puzzles, don't feel bad about using a guide. One of my friends did that and still enjoyed the game immensely, because the game has some really good mechanics and super good boss fights."
76561197995406389,Recommended,230700,11428655,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,"Dan Backslide, Coward Bully Cad",This game is a true challenge of both platforming skill and puzzel solving. Only the best will beat this game even with a guide.
,Recommended,230700,6111985,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,comfy skeltal,"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom: The Game, basically....except now ""Temple of Doom"" really means something and oh boy are you gonna suffer for it.Also no annoying chicks constantly screaming for help this time around. Whew!Makes all other Metroidvanias i've played seem like♥♥♥♥♥♥(except Metroid Zero Mission. That game is rad, yo). Grab this game if you want a serious challenge."
,Recommended,230700,9237042,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,whz,2hard
76561198002124849,Recommended,230700,29906576,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Excellent, very challenging platformer/metroidlike where you're basically Indiana Jones."
,Recommended,230700,7783531,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Danny Martini,"Cold Review: A side scrolling whip 'em up metroidvania. Chock full of really tough puzzles, bosses, and a spralling labyrinth. It's a good one, but requires time and dedication to really sink into it.Hot Review: Where to begin? This game is a true marvel that is very challenging, yet also satisfying. It presents you with a large labyrinth of ancient mystery, that is ripe with danger, mystery, and treasures. There is this nice old school charm to it, with a new age hardcore feel to spelunking. The games difficulty is similar to that of Dark Souls. It's a world that throws curveballs and, ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Didn't think that would happen"" situations at you. But despite all the death, it's fun to brush yourself off and venture back into the ancient temple. It's a long game as well, and will take a first timer awhile to get through it. However, once you are watching the ending credits... You have this awesome feeling of satisfaction.Verdict? It's good. Frustrating, but one of those rare indie games that offers quite a lot, especially for it's price."
,Recommended,230700,8590542,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Snowflake!,"A remake of a very retro Metroidvania-style platformer! Think of it as if Castlevania, Dark Souls, Pitfall, and every single anime cliche stepped into a teleporter pod at the same time and La-Mulana came out alive in a shambling mass from the other pod.So be warned; La-Mulana is not for the faint of heart. This game will challenge you with NES-hard difficulty and complex puzzles that both punishes and rewards the devoted gamer. Monsters and bosses are tough nuts to crack, but many of them have set patterns and drop XP that can fill your health bar to full whenever you collect enough.There are a lot of hints and clues scattered all throughout the game to solve almost every puzzle, either through tablet stones lying around, murals in the background, or dialogue with NPCs. However, the clues are very cryptic to grasp and most clues are for puzzles you'll run into hours later, making it really easy to be stuck in a certain area for extensive periods of time. But you know what? That's what gets me hooked onto La-Mulana; it's the authentic archaeological experience to solve ancient riddles and avoid booby traps along the way. And when you finally solve a major puzzle or get past a difficult spot, that sigh of relief feels like heaven.All in all, La-Mulana is a very fluid and heavily underrated masterpiece that takes platform gamers to the limit. Many people might find frustration with the game's tough puzzles and enemies, but to the indomitable spirited gamer, La-Mulana will offer a very thrilling and unique experience not found in many games of yesteryear or today.+ Interesting platformer with large non-linear levels, a deep story, cute characters, and endless challenges+ Retro-style indie game that does more than imitates classic games that preceded decades before it+ Beautifully detailed graphics compared to the original+ Completing most challenges and defeating bosses can occur in any order; La-Mulana's non-linear structure makes getting to the very end obtainable from many different paths+ Perfect for those who love to solve intriguing puzzles, battle unique bosses, and just straight up play a challenging but rewarding game+ Will enrich your cultural knowledge with mythological folklore borrowed from the real world!- Hard-as-balls default difficulty with an even harder one that could be unlocked during gameplay- Jumping mechanics are difficult to nail down for beginners and takes much practice to master- Most typical La-Mulana puzzles are more obscure to solve than the meaning of life itself- No seriously, this game will kick you straight in the butt crack; there's no shame in using community guides for this game!"
,Recommended,230700,14234400,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Red Kirby,"if you are into metroidvanias and riddles please please PLEASE get this game. Its got lots of crazy puzzles to solve for clever thinkers and some good action to help filter out that stuff a bit. the music kicks so much butt i could listen to most of the tunes for hours, i especially like the weird guitar synth. albeit one very important thing, i used i guide through this game. the thing is, although the puzzles are interesting they are very confusing as is the whole game itself honestly you will get lost, you will at least once. if youre daring enough give it a shot, but if not, dont feel guilty. even if you do go without a guide, be sure to watch the beginners guide, they made it for a reason. honestly just get this game, if its too hard use a guide just, PLAY IT OK, SCAN EVERYTHING, PUSH DA BLOCKS, GET THE SUB WEAPONS, FALL IN LOVE WITH LA MULANA..................... S'GOOD (also get the sequel when it comes out later this year!!!)"
,Recommended,230700,11973314,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ninklet,This game is an excellent platformer and a great game for Metroid and Castlevania fans alike.
,Recommended,230700,23344851,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,bentout12,"Gave up at what is probably the halfway point.  It's balls-difficult and the puzzles are maddeningly obscure.  Somehow, it's all still charming enough to make it a good time for awhile, but eventually I just stopped.  I'll probably come back to it at some point, but it is only recommended with reservations.  Sixty-ish hours in and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.You'll do everything you can not to Google solutions to tough spots...  then you'll break down and do it anyway.  Then you'll quit for long enough that you can't even remember where you left off and it becomes difficult to even use Google to cheat.You'll genuinely love it.  Until it breaks you.  Then you'll still feel like saying nice things about it, but you may not want to play anymore.  Recommended for the smartest folks in the room and people who absolutely hate themselves."
,Recommended,230700,8813719,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,bad1080,"great, great game! it is from another time and i have to thank the developer for still making them like in the good ol days! thank you!"
76561198136588916,Recommended,230700,23711918,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,greenendorf,"The game keeps crashing on the final boss.Truly, one of La-Mulana's most fiendish puzzles."
,Recommended,230700,27256226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Afarensis,La-Mulana makes you feel like you're exploring an actual ancient temple. Don't expect any hand-holding.
,Recommended,230700,27662542,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sh0uzama,"One of the best old-school metroid-vania games.Be prepared to be frustrated A LOT, without hints or solutions this game will keep you challenged for a lifetime. :)And even with solutions, due to the non-linearity of the game, it won't be easy to complete it."
,Recommended,230700,12024665,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,VerboseLamp,"La-Mulana might be the best game I've played that I simply can't recommend tomostpeople.I saymostbecause, while La-Mulana can be an incredibly fun and rewarding experience, getting the most out of it requires you to engage it with a very particular mindset, on its terms. While the game is usually fair, it can also be harsh and punishing; instant-death traps abound for the unwary and enemies are strategically placed in locations that will cause you to lose several minutes of progress at a time if you rush through the ruins carelessly. A few specific puzzles come across as unintuitive, and you are frequently required to track down crucial pieces of information which may be spread across many different locations in the ruins.And yet, as you spend more time in the ruins of La-Mulana, you'll quickly begin to realize that it possesses a very deliberate structure - a logic and layout which makes sense only in the context of this mysterious place - and this realization is where the truest sense of reward comes into play. La-Mulana is perhaps best approached as an explorer, sketching out basic relational maps and taking notes on every significant detail, no matter how small. All of the pieces necessary to solving the puzzles are there, but putting them together requires you to become truly engaged in the experience.However, it's important to know what you're getting into. This is not a game for the impatient or the short of temper, nor is it a game for people who want a relaxed, contemplative experience. The game can be controller-snappingly frustrating at times. Bosses are, generally, very dangerous encounters which require you to memorize their patterns and execute each action with extreme precision. If you become stuck on a puzzle, it may take hours scouring through the ruins to find the single, crucial piece of information you've missed. Options to recover your health are limited and generally require you to leave the ruins, abandoning your current objective.Simply put, La-Mulana is an extremely polarizing experience. I estimate that most people that play it will become frustrated and quit long before seeing everything the ruins have to offer. And yet, if you can push on past all of this, you may come to find the game to be one of the most enjoyable and challenging experiences in recent memory."
76561198062301817,Recommended,230700,28934399,Posted: 2 January,all,Rhythm Raph,"I really suck at this game, and clearly I'm not the targeted audience, but I still acknowledge how rich La-Mulana is. It is very cryptic, but contrary to other games of this kind, it is well done: everything is here to help you solve its mysteries. It is very subtle and will make you think differently from any other game.It's really a hit or miss: it can either be exactly what you're looking for (and almost no other game will provide you a similar adventure, so that's really your only chance of getting that), or your worst frustrating and confusing experience ever. I recommend it because, like I said again and again, it really is a unique experience, it does what it does very well, and so it's a good addition to the video game landscape."
,Recommended,230700,9358560,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[Azure],"I still remember to this day having played the original, a free game meant to resemble the MSX games that were popular in Japan during the course of the 80's.  This remake retaines all of the 'real' difficulty present while cutting out the fake difficulty, and makes it feel more like a Super NES game than a MSX game.   The controls are remappable and are responsive, althought the jump physics take time to get used to, being Mega Man Physics for standing jumps and being more like Castlevania I-III for moving jumps.  The game's puzzles are fun, but tricky and some can be failed for the remainder of that run so be very careful and do not rush.I have to give this game a positive review.  It's a good Metroidvania that is welcome after the dissapointments in the two big names in that Genre, and I eagerly await the sequel."
,Recommended,230700,1003072,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,RiffRaff,"So good I've bought it 3 times now.  It's one of, if not the best Metroidvania games avalable.  Think Castlevania: SotN meets Indiana Jones meets Myst.  The side-scrolling action is challenging, not punishing, the graphic/aesthetic are beautiful 32-bit pixel art and are detailed and diverse, and the puzzles will make you rip your hair out (but with some wicked intuition and a pen and paper for notes are all fair and solvable).  If you want a challengeing game (read: not punishing, but makes you work for your victories), there isn't anything liike La-Mulana out there.  New entry into one of my favorite games of all time hall of fame and of course highly recommended.  Even if you have to resort to a walkthrough (I had to on a couple parts, and then kicked myself for it), the game is solid and worth playing."
,Recommended,230700,6467118,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,ScorpiusG,"La-Mulana is an amazing exploration platformer that has many wonders and secrets for you to discover, and every discovery will take another step towards the goal. Unlike most other platformers, this one is more puzzle-based and anything else is skill-based (boss battles especially) making its challenges fair and possible.I highly recommend this for platformer fans, but please bear in mind to watch the ""Beginner's Guide"" video or to read the manual before playing the game.I'll definitely look forward to this game's sequel, because this game definitely deserves it because of how well it's made."
76561198068415453,Recommended,230700,7794845,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ikeeb,"Definitely one of my Top 10 games of all time. The game is fun to play, the music is fantastic, and it's pretty difficult. I recommend keeping a notepad next to you if you decide to buy this."
,Recommended,230700,7867143,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Para,This game will make you hate bats so much.
,Recommended,230700,10602878,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gandhi,"While I had to get a walkthrough to help me out while I was finding my feet, I'm impressed with the complexity of the level design and its artstyle. Pretty unforgiving gameplay though."
,Recommended,230700,8602783,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kitsuke,"Not since Super Metroid have I been so engrossed in a game of this type. La-Mulana is a classic style action adventure in the 'metroidvania' designation. A befuddling and old school experience evocative of the games that inspired it. It has no shame in allowing you to wander around its treacherous halls with only the snippets of guidance left behind on ancient stone tablets and the final thoughts of previous adventurers already taken by its depths. It makes me feel like an actual archaeologist, having to unravel the mysteries of an ancient civilization.Almost no handholding, and the little that is there is teasing or completely ignorable. Brilliantly realized visuals that remind me why I so love pixel art, even in the modern era, and a fantastic soundtrack that wouldn't feel out of place in a classics collection. If you have any interest at all in this style of game, I emplore you to check it out. But beware... the insidious traps are not for the faint of heart."
76561198004930151,Recommended,230700,8826851,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,judge73,Beautiful game made with soul. Definitely worth its price.
76561198038367822,Recommended,230700,12199126,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Orangutan Titties,"Greatest of all time/10. My personal favorite metroidvania. Yours too if you play it. Probably the funnest exploration game to come out ever. The music is incredible, with an epic piece for over 18 areas chances are you'll find a track to add to your music collection. The remake has beautifully updated the graphics from the old and sexy 8-bit style. To new a cool modern day take on side scrolling style. If you like metroid, castlevania, Gun Girl II, Iji, or any other 2-d exploration  game, you'll love La-Mulana.Just don't try the Hell Temple."
76561198029398134,Recommended,230700,17246301,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Brion Foulke,"Play Length: Pretty long.  Although I still need to play the Steam version more, I've played the original extensively.Positives: This is an excellent nod to classic MSX games, particularly the Maze of Galious.  But I think it's better designed than those games in many ways.  The graphics in the original look right out of a MSX game and are lovingly crafted.  You might fear that the updated graphics for the Steam version would lose some of their charm, but luckily the original creator worked on them and they still look great.  Now they look more like a Super Nintendo game, which works perfectly well.  The same is also true for the music, a lot of care was taken to make sure it retains the charm of the original soundtrack.The game itself is excellent.  Having played both versions, I have to say that the Steam versions smoothes over a few problems with the original version and makes it even better.  One excellent addition is the ability to save all the notes you've read in an in game journal; while I kind of enjoyed keeping a written journal of notes when I played the original game, it's certainly easier this way.  The puzzles themselves have been smoothed over a bit, to be a bit more fair and a little easier to figure out.  But they are still by no means easy.  The puzzle design is very good, with a lot of clever puzzles.Although they toned down the puzzles a bit, they compensated for this by increasing the game's skill based difficulty.  This is a good change.  In the original game, it often felt like health didn't matter, and bosses were a bit too easy to steamroll through.  Now your health meter matters a bit more.  The difficulty is still not a big deal, as the ability to warp renders many of the challenges moot, but it's a welcome change none the less.Negatives: Although I like the updated graphics and music, it does lose a bit of it's MSX feel that the original version had.  So, if you are a big fan of the MSX, I would encourage you to check out the original version, which is still available and free.  Also, while I think that all the puzzles are fair and solvable, some of them are very devious and a bit vague.  And you will likely need to do a lot of wandering around, and trial and error.  Many people will probably need to resort to a guide to finish this game.Overall: This game does a great job of making you feel like an archeologist.  The ruins you are exploring feel mysterious, the puzzles are clever and memorable.  The music really sets a great tone for the game and will stay with you after you've played.  This is not only one of the best love letters to classic games ever made, but it's one of the best indie games ever made.  Even if you're not a fan of the kind of games it's referencing, this game absolutely must be tried by anyone who likes independant games.About my rating system: I have two things I rate on.  The first is the overall score, and the second is soundtrack.  The reason why is because I feel like soundtrack is tremendously undervalued; to me, it's a tremendously important factor in whether I like a game.  For the score, I grade on a scale of 1-10, and I try to grade in such a way that each number has a meaning and each has equal importance.  The numbers have the following meanings:0: Garbage, 1: Awful, 2: Poor, 3: Underwhelming, 4: Mediocre, 5: Decent, 6: Good, 7: Great, 8: Excellent, 9: Phenomenal, 10: MasterpieceLa Mulana's score:Game Rating: 9 (Phenomenal)Soundtrack Rating: 8 (Excellent)"
,Recommended,230700,8235829,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,I'm already under attack,"12 hours into the game, 4 bosses down, I can say this is turning out to be one of the best games I've ever played.It controls like a classic castlevania with puzzles like nothing I've ever played before, I'm a sucker for puzzle games but none ever really feel like a challenge for more than 10 seconds.The music is just superb and the bosses are incredibly awesome, none of the bosses I've fought so far have been anything alike.Also what I love about this game the most is the exploration, most of the places are available from the get-go, stuck on a boss? just go find somewhere and find some better gear.____________________As a note to anyone who wants to play this game with as little guided help as possible:- Read the manual on the website- Make notes of everything and where you found it (this includes room names, statue names, what each tablet says and where you found it)- Translate La-Mulananese, most importantly the numbers!- If something looks suspicious, scan it!"
,Recommended,230700,8580755,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ric Glare,"In a word, phenomenal. La-Mulana is one of the few games I have played in recent memory that was clearly made with pain staking detail to the gameplay, and most importantly remembered to treat gaming as art and not a business. It will challenge your patience, mettle and intellect. As you try to navigate the ruins you will solve puzzles, slay monsters and recieve a sense of accomplishment unmatched by anything I have played in a VERY long time. Shout outs to Nigoro.TL;DR - La-Mulana is a ""I wanna be the Boshy rolled up in a Metroidvania blunt"" that if you are strong enough....you should probably smoke."
76561198065066641,Recommended,230700,10673948,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cool Carl,"Had this been released in the 16-bit era, we would reminisce about this game in hushed and reverent tones."
76561198010421059,Recommended,230700,10691375,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ganondorf,This is one of the greatest games I have ever played
,Recommended,230700,4337355,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,BreakinAnt,"Great plataformer, great soundtrack, great gameplay, and very challenging. This game is great! Worth it every penny."
,Recommended,230700,11699469,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Gliiitch,This game is one of the most mindbending platformer/adventure games I've ever played. It's also one of the best. 10/10 would recommend. Bring a notepad.
,Recommended,230700,8825599,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Alundra,"By far, La-Mulana is the best game I played here on steam. If you like 2D metroidavania games; I believe this the best one rigth there. It provides everything a gamer can ask for : Good graphics, Good music and SFX, good story, A LOT of gameplay the game is very long so expect to spend days and nights , A LOT of puzzles and the good thing about the puzzles is that they are all different, Backtracking guaranteed and i love that.My advice: read everything , everything , everything and try to think out of the box to unsolve different puzzles and don't forget that the solution for some puzzles are in a totally random different place, so be aware of that in advance.Highly recommended for the fans of the genre."
76561198023856766,Recommended,230700,8906007,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,YoRHa Attacker No.2,Disregard my Cave Story review. This is the indie GOAT. 11/10.
,Recommended,230700,8800871,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,i have new computer ama,"It's hella fun, but ♥♥♥♥ is it hard."
76561198059614197,Recommended,230700,18096283,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,elvishairguy89,"I'm very on the fence about this one but I'll just barely give it a recommend.La Mulana's an interesting game which feels a lot like Legend of Zelda and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. The game's good points do really shine and make it at least worth a look - for one the game is massive with over 20 different areas to explore, and each of them filled with lots of truly unique puzzles and secrets. The game's soundtrack and art design is also very good, and while I'm not a huge fan of the cartoony style in favor of the more realistic look of games like Castlevania and Metroid, I can overlook this.As many others have said though the extremely cryptic nature of the puzzles can be a big turn-off, as well as the fact that the game gives you almost no information about what to do or where to go next. This means that most players won't be able to progress withoutt using a guide. There are also a few cheap instances in which the player can simply become stuck due to running out of certan items, or due to getting caught in certain traps which they'd have no way of knowing about in advance - and if you haven't collected a special item then your only option is to reset the game and lose your progress.However the most flat-out annoying flaw for me is the controls. The jumping mechanics in the game are unnecessarily stiff and clunky and make the boss fights especially frustrating and not all that fun.Still I have to give this game crops for its creativity and making an effort to be challenging unlike many commercial games. I probably will never devote the time to finishing it but overall I still enjoyed what little of it I played."
,Recommended,230700,22027391,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,suzukowa12,"the controls are a bit stiff as in commited jumps but still a great classic style game, enjoyable yet sometimes frustrating puzzles areas and bosses but greatly recommended"
76561197972258172,Recommended,230700,11773681,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥with some really abstract puzzles, this game has all the trappings of the Metroidvania style, but involves a lot more wandering around wondering what to do.I recommend it if you don't mind a brain-testing platform/puzzler, but not if you're easily frustrated."
,Recommended,230700,8431750,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,G-Wash the OG,Indiana Jones Simulator 2013 is truly an excellent game.
76561198253522554,Recommended,230700,32591721,Posted: 20 June,all,Master_sword101,10/10 would hate and love this game again
,Recommended,230700,7847157,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,a sated bird that looks to the f,this game will make you remember why people break controllers
,Not Recommended,230700,28576658,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DeLuman,"People that love this game sure seem to love it, but quite frankly I am not in that group.  This game advances a lot of ideas from the era on Nintendo Hard games, without improving on the ones that really matter.  The movement/controls suck, I've heard they did this intentionally, and I understand why but that doesn't change the level of frustration a new player will encounter when they try this out.There seems to be a lot of info about this game in a manual that you don't seem to get with a digital copy of this game from Steam which is pretty frustrating to start with.  The puzzles don't really make sense or at least aren't presented in a way that makes them understandable for beginners.  All this together creates a great experience for people that have a lot of time on their hands and want something really difficult to figure out.If that's you, if you want something difficult to muddle your way through, you will love this game.  This is the dark souls of indy metroidvanias.For the rest of us, I wouldn't bother, check the achievements on this, there's a reason only about 20% of players got more than the two achievements you get after the first hour or so."
,Not Recommended,230700,11301057,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheCyberDruid,"Hmm, I might read a walkthrough and come back to this game, but as it is this is not even remotely fun to play for me. Reminds me a bit of Rick Dangerous with puzzles. Eventually I just have no clue what to do and while the game does a great job with the 8-bitish presentation, I'm just not motivated enough to try harder. Plus the game mechanics are not 100%, so you have to really put some elbow grease into it to not die that often.Overall certainly not bad, but unless you search for a serious challenge and have a lot of spare time to try things out, it might be not the MetroVania experience you're looking for."
76561198117620696,Recommended,230700,8939089,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Moko,"Hours of fun, a difficult action/platforming game. Only downside : some puzzles are REALLY cryptic."
76561198044147748,Recommended,230700,9681289,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Legendary Panda,"This game is balls-to-the-wall difficult; In the sense that the walls are placed closely together like a vice, and behave uncannily similar to a meat grinder. Seriously though, the game is great, ingeniously difficult (Yet totally solvable) puzzles are littered in practically every room of the game, they just require you to do a little detective work and thinking outside the box using the tools on hand. If you can tolerate (Enjoy) the old school art, and manage with the archaic (albeit smooth) controls that the player has over Lemeza, the puzzle solving aspect of the game will have you hooked for hours inbetween whipping some fools and taking names.For fans of side-scrolling platformers, if you're sick of artificial difficulty thrust at you in the form of pixel perfect jumps/bullet hells then this may be the game for you. IF however you prefer your hand held lightly throughout the course of the game, coming to La-Mulana is certainly barking up the wrong tree.8/10 - Game brings to mind Dark Souls, the overwhelming pressure of unfairness cracking under the relief of any progress."
76561198000215894,Recommended,230700,9994484,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Parrises²,Llamallama is amazing and everyone should play it.
76561198043272789,Recommended,230700,10004182,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Concequence,"This game is one of the best games of its type I have played. I will say, this is one of those few games where reading theMaunalreally is helpful. This game values thinking out of the box. Clever use of boss mechanics, and item mechanics can make the impossible, really easy. There are secrets upon secrets layers deep. Every bit of lore is important. Almost every boss and mini-boss is a mytholigical beast, angel or demon. You start out so weak in the beginning, and it feels at times like its just crazy how difficult it is. Then you start to find items, and you go back to areas you really felt were just too hard, and find the tricks and ways past things, and every area is rewarding. Most of the puzzles that are really tough really value paying attention to everything. Ill say it again, some key mechanics involve items mentioned in the manual, you might really miss something easy like how fields are actually laid out. (hint: the in game maps are misleading) ... If you like side scrolling action adventures, with item collection, clever game mechnaics and deep puzzles and story, you will like this game. Just be prepared, pay attention to the little things. (Hmm that lamp isnt flickering? odd, are those walls glowing... thats an odd mark on the floor, looks just like this thing in the manual)"
,Recommended,230700,8800350,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Psychometric,"This is without a doubt one of the most enjoyable games I have played in recent memory. La-Mulana is an exploration-based platform game in the tradition of MetroidVania style games. You guide the hero through an ancient ruin, gradually able to explore further inside using items and abilities you collect, and will uncover the many secrets the ruins have to offer. The environments are interesting and it's the kind of game where you will always want to push forward just a little further before you stop playing..The way forward is not always clear though, and this game is very, very hard. Some of the puzzles have very obscure solutions, and you should expect to become stuck on more than one occasion. This is very much in the 'old-school' of games that very deliberately don't hold your hand (unless it's to throw you off a cliff...). Unless you look up a guide online (there are several) you will probably feel quite lost and unsure of where to go, or what your objective is at times. Whether you can deal with that will play a big part in whether or not you enjoy this game.Overall though, if you like games such as Super Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, but wish they were ten times harder, you'll probably enjoy this. And I would recommend at least trying to go without a guide unless you're reeealy stuck, it will feel all the more rewarding when you do finally figure out how to move on."
,Recommended,230700,9008344,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Makin,"Right click game on steam, click Read Game Manual, read it from cover to cover, buy a notebook, open the game and start taking notes about everything you see. Get the Grail before moving on past Gate of Guidance. If you follow that advice, expect 20+ hours of fun. If you don't, expect artificial difficulty."
,Recommended,230700,8815568,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Cubones,"Before I begin, I should let you know that this game includes a manual (check the link on the store page or in your library)AND YOU SHOULD READ IT THROUGHLY.If you're itching for a challenge that harkens back to the NES days (down to the manual actually being helpful), this game might be what you're looking for. La-Mulana is a game that will truly test you. There are many puzzles in the ruins of La-Mulana, and you'll get a real sense of what it's like being Indiana Jones dealing with some of the more obscure ones. Much like a Metroidvania game, you'll end up running into areas which you can only access once you've acquired certain abilities or items. However, this game is a lot harder than your usual Metroidvania, and can sometimes feel poorly designed. For example, I had to actually restart my game from the beginning twice because I missed a couple of very important items early on and ended up unable to exit (partially due to my tendancy to have 1 save file for 1 playthrough). Fortunately I was only a couple of hours in, but it's still really frustrating to have that happen.TL;DR: This has a manual, READ IT."
76561198040993744,Recommended,230700,10927026,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CD - Weezy,This game is the best and has resoted my faith in the metroid-type games!!!!
76561197969335692,Recommended,230700,8799790,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,FooFighter,"'A treasure chest looms across the room across a pit of spikes and above it lies a pyramid with an insignia of a hieroglyphic eye, which must signify some mystery waiting to be revealed.  I defeat the animated skeletons easily with my whip and take the time to decide what to do next.  If I played any other game I might just throw myself into the spikes to see what happens, but I think better of it.  Perhaps I need an item or a switch to press?  I manage to spot a stone tablet.  With my new hand scanner, together with translation software which I bought for a modest price, I read the ancient glyphs from the tablet: ""Courageous one, embrace the power. If thou seeketh power, prove thine courage.""  I decide to take heed and leap carefully down...  I land on the floor, unharmed by the spikes; they were merely an illusion, put in place to weed out the cowards.  I place a small weight on the pedestal beyond the spikes and await my prize...'Sometimes I find myself sick of playing a new game only to be 'hand-holded' through a tutorial or an area where I am repeatedly being told what to do and how to go about things.  It feels scripted and restrictive.  In the good old days, you got a paper manual with your game, which contained little tidbits of information to get you started, but after that anything could happen.  If you died, you asked yourself why and next time you were more cautious, deciding carefully next time whether to pull that switch or prioritise killing the smaller baddy before the larger baddy.  Games ::tested:: you, sometimes to the limit of your ability, right from the beginning.  You get frustrated, feeling like the game is laughing at you for your failure, but you either give up or rise above it.  You could always try and look up a guide on your crappy 56k internet connection, but it was more fun to discuss strategies with your friends.This game pays homage to that era with its 16-bit-era artwork which, if released 20 years ago, would probably best the majority of games on those systems, with slick images, animations and particle effects.  The controls are also excellent and fluid.  You jumped and missed the platform, only to fall to your death?  You have no one to blame but yourself.  The music is also excellent and catchy.  Overall, the game feels a little arcady and possibly a little cutesy, but beneath the shiny veneer is a challenge unlike any other.Weapons range from your trusty whip (which can later be upgraded) to shurikens and flares, which are useful for also lighting dark areas and solving puzzles.  Your inventory will eventually fill up with more ancient artefacts than you would expect to see in most other metroidvania-style games, giving a wide range of different uses, some which are pleasantly surprising and not the usual double-jump affair.  The boss encounters are epic, especially later in the game, and will test your wit and your agility as well as your reaction time and brute force.  After a few initial starting areas, you will find yourself in an increasingly complex and enormous dungeon, with secrets galore and clues distributed everywhere.  Nowhere is safe.  Research is your friend.It is true that this game is very difficult, but there is a seeming will to every solution in the game and the difficulty generally increases with duration of play.  It is unforgiving, punishing the weak, the clumsy and the mindless.  Trial and error will not work to solve the enigmas of this sacred place.  It is filled with a plethora of ancient creatures and mysteries that seem obtuse and seemingly bizarre.  However, do not be mistaken; intelligent minds carefully pieced together this sublime and monstrous challenge of your gaming skill.  Feel free to hide behind your cries of poor game design, because the truth is you just didn't try hard enough.  No one ever wants to admit to being beaten by a game and no one is here to hold your hand if you fail.  You give up... only to return back to give it another try because you thought up of a possible solution on the bus to work.  You eventually figure out that puzzle, or look it up exclaiming to yourself ""oh yeah, wish I thought of that"".  If only I had my 56k connection instead of broadband...I believe this game is an absolute indie treasure, a rubik's cube in your library that taunts you back for more glorious punishment.  It is the rosetta stone, massively complex and begging for a truth to be revealed.  It is a multifaceted precious gem, in a sea of kind and forgiving experiences provided by other games, which on occasion deny the very nature of the dangerous labyrinths and haunted corridors they were meant to portray.  This game is ::definitely:: not for casual gamers.You have been warned."
,Recommended,230700,27160441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arras,"If you like really cryptic puzzles, difficult platformers and don't mind controls that feel clunky at first, this is the game for you. It's a fantastic game, but not for everyone."
,Recommended,230700,1331399,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Mosquito Señorito,"It's hard at times. It's old-school. But it's an Adventure like no other! pLus lore is interesting.If you like exploration, or if you want somewhat more easy Dark Souls in 2d- get this one. If you want adventure- get this one."
,Recommended,230700,48640,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,HellSap,"This is pretty much an amazing Metroidvania game with the craziest puzzles ever.  Once you really get stuck, please just read a guide.  Otherwise this game is A+, brilliant game."
,Recommended,230700,10822933,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NormireX,"Hightly recommend this game to everyone how likes action platformer games and Metroidvania style games with RPG mechanics.The game has a nice 16-bit look to it and the soundtrack is pretty awesome.I should note the game does get a little difficult as from what I can tell you have no health potions and healing springs are few and far between. Save and save often when you can make it to a save shrine.The one gripe I would have is the jumping in the game is kind of stiff and you can't control your jumps like you can in typical platformer games, so your jumps need to be timed more precisley and be deliberate.Killing monsters will sometimes grant you XP orbs and money and sometimes weights used to drop on switches to open doors and treasure chests.Overall if you are looking for a SOTN type game on PC then you should definitley pick up La Mulana.I give the game a solid 8/10."
76561197976611058,Recommended,230700,10831900,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RainbowGDMNDash,"This and Dark souls have something in common, you'll ♥♥♥♥ing rage. 10/10"
,Recommended,230700,10963736,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JuneBug,"Read the manual, get used to the jumping mechanics, and write... down... EVERYTHING!! Some of the puzzles are over the top imo and pretty much require you to exhaust every resource or just look up a guide. But other than those 2 or 3 times. This is a sold 40+ hours of puzzle platformer goodness. Also, the soundtrack is great, and Im not normally the guy to appreciate those kinds of things."
76561198035425826,Recommended,230700,10989196,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Digglemancer,This game is ridiculously hard. The traps are devious. The bosses are merciless. The puzzles are headache-inducing. And I'm pretty sure I've been walking in circles for two hours.I can't wait for La-Mulana 2.
,Recommended,230700,10990249,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,For Shovelry,"Having already beaten the origina MSX-style version, I can safely say the remake did everything I hoped Cave Story+ would have done. Outside of small item changes, the only issue I hate about this is the addition of instant-death traps. The point of the original was you could explore the many halls of La-Mulana and search all the corners without much punishment. Adding instant death parts makes for painful backtracking, ESPECIALLY near a CERTAIN ITEM UPGRADE.Otherwise, fresh game. Music has received a major upgrade, graphics add atmosphere, and Lemeza only looks slightly less fat."
76561198063603557,Recommended,230700,10993663,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,barabashka,nice
76561197996549976,Recommended,230700,10993793,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EXMaster,"Was playing this on and off now for a while before wrapping it up recently and I've had a love/hate relationship with it. You feel really good when you are making progress and figuring out whatever BS puzzle/riddle the developers throw at you, yet really frustrated when you are stuck wandering aimlessly, grinding your wheels, then having to cave in bring up the guide for the umpteenth time. I'll unashamedly admit to using a guide to get through portions of the game, but I think all but the most observant and meticulous wouldn't be able to complete it without one. The game requires a lot of dot connecting between unrelated areas. While the puzzles/riddles are pretty structured, they aren't all partitioned and neatly laid out for you from area to area, so you essentially just need to write things down.Overall, I enjoyed my time with it, but it is a game that requires a lot of patience and perseverance to finish. I can see why several gamers of today would be repulsed by it. It is a deceptively deeper game than it appears to be, and aspects of it are ""hardcore"" enough to make Dark Souls seemed restrained. It you stick with it though, I think there is a lot of fulfilling stuff here. I'll all in for the sequel."
,Recommended,230700,9346695,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Super Super Sean,"This game is... so difficult, and not to mention incredibly frustrating. I have died so many times and been stuck at so many puzzles, but I just keep playing! Awesome bosses and great atmosphere, no matter how much you will hate it, beating that boss or solving that puzzle is immensely satisfying."
,Recommended,230700,9233770,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,FrostyP,It makes me feel like a dumbass 10/10
,Recommended,230700,8203614,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,socksmusicalcat,"Incredibly hard? Yes. Engrishy text? Yes. Incoherent story? Yes. Should you play it? Yes. It's an incredibly fun, classic-style metroidvania. Just take it slow, and you'll figure it out."
,Recommended,230700,17096724,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JHALExM,"This game is not well-liked by a lot of people, but it is because they do not understand how the intricacies of this game make the true experience. First of all, you are told that many have challenged the ruins, but none have come out. That is why you need to be cautious and it is possible to be stuck in the game forever without restarting the save file completely.This game requires you to live inside it like using Emacs as a browser. This game is never an escape from the stress of the world until you understand yourself better and patiently sympathize with the ruins as a genuine experience.My favorite part of the game is Time Attack. It has been declared impossible, but I plan to beat it.Every boss has a true strategy (or a few), but some require such deep knowledge that they appear unknowable foes. Perhaps, the same could be said for all of La-MULANA.....By the way, the valley in which the game starts out in is based upon Bahrun Valley of Nepal, where it is believed that an immortal race of humans lived. Now, it is uninhabitable, being to high in the mountains to remain in that place for long.There are many things to examine in this game which will deepen your appreciation for mythology. Without this game, mythology was almost impossible for me to grasp. It still is pretty hard to grasp, though....."
,Recommended,230700,2641186,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Ujaya,Its like Metroid meets Indiana Jones meets Dark Souls
,Recommended,230700,1274798,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,WooX,"Metroidvania Game. way too open and not liner at all .Good soundtracks , Old school 2d system and lots of puzzles"
,Recommended,230700,2247694,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,sodead copinski。,"la mulana shares a lot of the design sensibilities i love about the king's field series. it opens with a brutal difficulty that eases up as you get a grasp on the mechanics and logic behind the game, features secrets behind secrets while punishing you for searching too randomly (spear traps in king's field, divine retribution in la mulana) and an undercurrent of comic sadism that isn't overdone to the point of becoming irritatingi think my favorite puzzle involves getting the key sword, which isn't actually a puzzle at all and forces you to disregard the pavlovian instinct of Don't Touch That the game had been instilling in you up to that pointthe remake itself is largely an improvement.  the fields and puzzles are easier while the bosses have been made more challenging.  i didn't care for the new bahamut fight, but the revamped baphomet and tiamat are incredible and definitely make up for it.  although the new soundtrack is good, i prefer the original music, and it's possible to swap it back in with a little looking"
,Recommended,230700,5412303,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Randlarr,"What can't I say about this game? It has brought me nearly to tears of agony as well as joy for as long as I have played it. The intrepid archaeologist (this is you) finds his way into the lost tomb where his father was last seen. Riddles, puzzles, traps, agrivating enemies, traps, exploring, adventure and death all await you within the ruins of La Mulana.I have much experience with La Mulana and it's spiritual predecessor, Maze of Galious, and for this perhaps have a greater appreciation for what La Mulana really is. This game tests your reflexes and mind constantly in a sprawling labyrinth of traps and monsters with a story that puzzles and intruigues.Think you know what you are doing? You are probably wrong. Think Eden is the safest place to be? You must be a fool... it is just the begining..."
,Recommended,230700,773218,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Expendable Sith,Best archeology simulator available on Steam.
,Recommended,230700,8336462,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tkail,is hard but rewarding
76561198005547545,Recommended,230700,8205120,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ÜberRiNicholas,I love this game. It brought back a game experience I have been missing.
,Recommended,230700,6483871,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,VèrmyapreKommando,"Had this game on GOG for some time now but since it was on sale I snapped it up on here too to support the dev and also because it is a great excuse to get back into it.BEST METROIDVANIA GAME EVER MADE INCLUDING ALL METROIDS!Seriously it is. The depth is incredible. It can be excruciatingly difficulty but always FAIR in that the combat is never cheap and the puzzles (which account for most of the difficulty) always have 'hints' or 'clues' in the form of left journals or stone tablets. The story/theme lends it self so well to the genre I'm suprised that it is the first game like it. Over the last year or so playing it, it has swiftly found its way into my favourite games list for sure!"
,Recommended,230700,8211497,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Legendary Loli,This game pleases me in all the right places
76561198267795840,Recommended,230700,20637677,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Box,This is one of my favorite games ever. I highly recommend this game for fans of Metroidvania games or anyone looking for a challenge. The only thing that may affect the amount fun you can have is how cryptic some puzzles can be and you may find yourself using the wiki a lot.
76561198038884990,Recommended,230700,27900507,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yolaf777,"La-Mulana asks so much from the player and manages to be so rewarding!Beautiful art, great music and really well polished.Nigoro has put impressive amounts of thought and effort in this game.Oh and the same applies to the orignal MSX style version. :)"
,Recommended,230700,26872094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fireeye,"La-Mulana: The Masochistic Man's Fetish.La-Mulana is a metroidvania-style jump'n'run with puzzle elements, in which you explore the eponymous ruins in the skin of the Indiana jones lookalike Lemeza. This exploration process is not entirely easy, however - the ruins are full of monsters and contain many traps that will kill you instantly should you make a wrong move, not to speak of boss monsters that feed on your tears. Healing is only possible by teleporting straight back to the starting area. Atop of this, La-Mulana is full of riddles and puzzles that will see you wrack your brains for hours on end, with many of them requiring you to read text on one side of the ruin complex to activate a mechanism on the other one. In truth, chances of you making it through the game without the guide or a very sizeable amount of spare time are quite small.Despite (or perhaps because) of the game's challenging nature, playing through it is an immensely rewarding feeling - each boss that drops before your feet causes your brain to dish out an entire flood of dopamine, and the fact that you actually will spent no small amount of time on reading and interpreting ancient texts from wall frescos and the like actually makes you feel just a little bit as if you're a real archeologist rather than just a 2d character moving from item to item.TL/DR: If La-Mulana was a steak, it would be raw, bloody, tough, chewy, and it would have an absolutely fantastic taste."
,Recommended,230700,28357318,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zerin Ayurasu,"I've been a Big fan of La-Mulana for a very long time BUT, It has always been second handed from watching youtube personalities like Deceasedcrab, and UltraJman play them. So, I decided to invest in the game for myself! Especially with La-Mulana 2 comming out in the near future I wanted to experience the first one before jumping into the second one.This game is a genuine masterpeice!!I am astounded by the amount of mythology and clever references they make, you can tell they did their homework and to me the addition of those references make the game a true work of art! The game has great controls wonderful stage design, manty different styles of weaponry and items to gather that ALL place a vital peice in the works of the games natural progression, EVERYTHING has a purpose and I love that! It has ppresented me with a many challenging parts and the puzzles are insane to the point where I have pulled out a peice of paper and kept my own notes.I will cut my rambling short here cause I could go on and on about this game!La-Mulana is genius! I look forward to more games from the creators and cannot wait for La-Mulana 2!!"
,Recommended,230700,27570394,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RaindropDry,"Definitely one of my favorite games of all time. La-Mulana definitely has one of the most solid soundtracks I've ever heard. This combined with colorful, big and varied areas gives you the urge to explore even when you don't know where to go.Not to say the game is perfect however; It is very challenging, and honestly, there's nothing wrong with it, but this game pushes its difficulty too much, and it can be pretty punishing for first time players. Confusing as well, since this game might possibly the easiest game for you to get lost at. The controls are also something you gotta get used with, and it's not something you get used at your first time playing. But once you overcome the difficulty, the challenges and all the trouble and punishment the game is throws at you, the feel of joy, accomplishment and reward you get once you finish it is fantastic.Bottom line, the game definitely has its issues, but by no means is a bad game. If you are looking for a game to challenge you, this is definitely the game you are looking for. Do not be hasty, the ruins are huge, take your time to challenge it at your own pace!"
76561198047008556,Recommended,230700,5253308,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,susluv,"A finest metroidvania, would highly recommend for a fan of  a genre. Japanese signature design included. Also <3 OST.Vote Steam 2016"
,Recommended,230700,16227591,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Salty Balthamel,"It's like Metroid and Castlevania had a baby, and that baby was raised by wolves. The puzzles can be a little obtuse, but a satisfying challenge nonetheless."
,Recommended,230700,27725050,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ayy_lmao,The puzzles in this game are on another level. I did not manage to make it without hints. Waiting for the sequel so I can get my mind blown all over again.
,Recommended,230700,3021432,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Khos,It's as if Indiana Jones was a masochist
76561197968480431,Recommended,230700,316867,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Falseliberty,"It's an old fanshion beat downmust play for old fans of metroid 1 , but even harder!"
,Recommended,230700,8860394,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Monte,"This game is great, it reminds me of old adventure platformers like castlevania, but with alot more puzzles and such. You can get stuck for hours, easily. I reccomend it its alot of fun and will occupy your time very well."
76561198054815980,Recommended,230700,8810317,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Mikeman666,EvilDifficult as hellRemorselessUnforgivingAnd fun as hell :)Also has a great soundtrack with a great world
,Recommended,230700,8223305,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,victor,"This game is harder than my♥♥♥♥♥♥before doing a threesome with some fine♥♥♥♥♥ladies. You should get yourself a controller, a pencil and a few pages of paper to take notes. There are so many hints in this game that are important, so you better write them all down. I only recommend it for hardcore adventures with more braincells than muscles."
,Recommended,230700,7629463,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Bigfoot,"Do you like hard games? I like hard games. La-Mulana harkens back to the days of yore when video games were hard and played on the MSX, which makes no sense to most of us westerners. It's a platforming adventure in the style of Indiana Jones, where you whip and shoot monsters and explore ruins for ancient treasure. The story of the ruins is bigger than it first appears, and only by reading the tablets and walls yourself can you figure it all out. La-Mulana doesn't baby the player, it expects you to remember things it tells you, think outside the box, and be ready for one of the most challenging adventures you'll ever have."
76561197997720060,Recommended,230700,26932797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ckayes,Best Retro Metroid-Vania NA
,Recommended,230700,7435372,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Axl4002,One of the best games ever.
76561198280616270,Recommended,230700,24761464,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ExtraMedicated,"I played this game years ago as a free download from a website I can't remember. I played it for a long time before eventually giving up.  I mostly forgot about it until I saw it here, and had to buy it (after waiting for it to go on sale, of course).This game is quite unforgiving, but very enjoyable. And I am loving the music. I got the surface level's theme stuck in my head now and the only negative about that is that I'm too tone deaf to hum the tune correctly.I wish I could find my old copy, if only to compare that with the current version and see where I left off. (I got game installers and zip files dating back to 2002 but I can't find the La Mulana folder.)"
76561198023510315,Recommended,230700,9285403,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kurodani Yamame,"A very good, if outright hard game. I've literally pounded away over half my time chilling in the hot springs healing after getting dinged up by bosses and regular enemies. The music is fantastic, the controls, although initially feeling stiff, really add to the game, and all-in-all La-Mulana as been trying every ounce of patience I have!At the same time as trying patience, however, I pick up on things, such as certain patterns, and have been able to advance quite far, even though I've yet to beat any more than a few bosses as I write this. Each boss has gotten ahold of me and manhandled me, and each one I kill, I feel that much more powerful, as if I've actually progressed and gotten stronger.All-in-all, a really nice game, and some very good secrets and such, the game HEAVILY rewards exploration, obviously, and some times, it's possible to get to places before you're supposed to be able to get there!"
,Recommended,230700,28018272,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vemigog,"Extremely satisfying 'vania game that refuses to pull punches and demands effort in exchange for success. Expect tons of exploring, difficult puzzles, hidden upgrades, backtracking, and the occasional progress wall. Be prepared to fall through hidden trap doors, compulsively whip walls, use fast travel to escape spike pits and lava, and die often.You may find it frustrating or overwhelming at first, but beyond that is a rare and memorable gaming experience that satisfies a craving you may not realize you had. In short, La-Mulana will challenge you, even if you're used to other games of its type, but you'll want more when it's over."
76561198029630248,Recommended,230700,8798848,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,asisin2,"Beautiful game, epic music and hard difficulty. This remake of and old MSX game will make you search every nook in the screen finding secret pathways and objects to progress the ruins. The game forces you into a tension state that will not dissapear unless you get out."
,Recommended,230700,1980241,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Ste5e,10/10 would whip again.
,Recommended,230700,373239,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,TheCitizenKaneOfGamers,Literally the best game.
,Recommended,230700,4832146,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Ichirin,"I can't recommend this game enough times, it's an amazing platformer with a lot of secrets and mysteries to solve, and it's really challenging. A must get for all fans of old-style games that want to have a good time solving puzzles."
,Recommended,230700,5588983,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Treguard II of Dunshelm,"This right here is more than a game. La-Mulana is an experience, a real adventure that, just like life, has no objections about throwing you straight in at the deep end and not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥whether you sink or swim. It's tough, it's long (my first playthrough took about 40 hours) and BOY will it make you curse, but the environments are so varied and cleverly crafted and the soundtrack kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥that the time it'll take to find your feet feels more like a privilege than a chore. There are mysteries within mysteries within mysteries and more unique boss and sub-boss battles than I have it in me to remember; not a single part of this incredibly large game feels the same as any other and the more of it you explore, the more you WANT to explore.I could wax lyrical about La-Mulana for literally hours on end, but there are already videos and Let's Plays abound which do just that, so I won't bore you any further. My basic opinion is this - despite the difficulty (or perhaps in part because of it), La-Mulana is without a shadow of a doubt the best action platformer I've ever played in my life. EVER. As much as the term's overused nowadays, it's a masterpiece. If you love your adventures and aren't afraid of a challenge, you absolutely MUST give it a go. I swear, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,230700,8208598,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Blank,This is one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,230700,8452723,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ZESTing,"There is something magic about this game. It brings back the excitement of newness and adventure, something I find hard to find in many of the games I've played recently. Yet it does more than that, it keeps up that excitement. Every time I unlock a puzzle I feel a great sense of accomplishment, and I find myself coming back despite the fact that the gameplay is quite punishment.Anyone looking for adventure that is reminiscent of old games, with the same intelligence and challenge, should look into La Mulana."
,Recommended,230700,9845674,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,The tutorial level is more interesting and challenging than a lot of full games are.
,Recommended,230700,27519549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nononick,"La-Mulana feels overly clunky at first. But once you get into it, it reveals strangely nuanced controls, amazing exploration, challenging bosses and a minimal but endearing story with a surprising amount of characterisation for all the support characters."
,Recommended,230700,28237934,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Kuddly Dragon,"good game, take notes while playing!"
,Recommended,230700,7788628,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TonyL,"La-Mulana is incredible. La-Mulana is a game in the same vein as titles such as ""Castlevania: Symphony of the Night"", ""Super Metroid"", and ""Cave Story."" These types of games are generally associated with the term ""Metroidvania's."" La-Mulana is a side-scrolling action platformer, that includes non-linear progression, an inventory system, skill-based combat, and many, many puzzles. What sets La-Mulana apart from other games in the genre are the insanly difficult puzzles (some might even say diabolical). Unless you are a super-human, expect to get stuck many times and be forced to look up a guide on how to progress through the game. Nigoro did an excellent job remaking the original La-Mulana, adding beautiful sprite graphics, and quirky humor that many will enjoy. If you are a fan of this genre, please do yourself a favor and purchase this game."
,Recommended,230700,8597190,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dugle,"It isn't easy to capture the essence of gaming's past, but Nigoro managed to pull it off in spades. As Archaeologist/Ninja extraordinaire Lemeza Kosugi, it's up to you to unearth the secrets of the fabled La-Mulana ruins and best the traps and horrors within! Boasting an updated artstyle and a remastered soundtrack, you'll be hard-pressed to find a game more challenging and satisfying than this (and this is coming from an avid Dark Souls fan). Exploring in true Metroidvania style, the player collects items and abilities that allow him to progress through the ruins all while fighting increasingly-difficult foes and reaping even better rewards. The game itself is meant to feel classical in nature; jump mechanics are reminiscent of Castlevania and the game itself is a love letter to Japan's MSX system. The main selling point of La-Mulana is the puzzling gameplay which acts as a double-edged sword in practice. Half the time you'll want to grab a guide to save you frustration (and you will get frustrated), but when you solve a puzzle by yourself the satisfaction is worth it. That being said, La-Mulana isn't a game you can pick up in a day. It's a game about writing notes, paying attention to subtext, and ultimately thinking outside the box. Some of the puzzles are kinda contrived, but when you know what you're doing the game is fantastic. If you like solving puzzles, collecting powerful artifacts and crazy boss battles, pick it up and give it a try! If you gotta use a guide, no worries. You're definitely not the only one."
76561197982551030,Recommended,230700,8799806,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Modyer,A brilliant game!
,Recommended,230700,27238586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AlexACG,"Challenging fun.Great art, good music, interesting gameplay.Such a good game."
,Recommended,230700,8235300,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shashou Sheldoncock,Difficult puzzles and meat music. A lot of back tracking. Not for casul
,Recommended,230700,8801127,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dezno,"Out-of-the-box puzzlesolving mixed with classic castlevania platforming in a huuuuge open-world dungeon. The soundtrack is stellar, but the gameplay can be punishing at times. Take notes, and don't read that one tablet twice!"
,Recommended,230700,8802750,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,YoGattoGatto,"Amazing retro style metroidvania type game.For a buck and a half, this is a ♥♥♥♥in steal!Scoop it up!"
76561197983662248,Recommended,230700,11136712,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I normally add a header to these reviews describing my ethos on scoring a game on the four criterion I chose. Since I've been running out of space more and more, I'll just keep it on my Backloggery page.Gameplay: Ah, La-Mulana. A game that I often wonder where it would be today if it weren't for the helpful proliferation of the original by a certain DeceasedCrab. This game can be described in short as a very open-ended Metroidvania-esque game, although that description certainly sells this game short. The ruins of La-Mulana are gargantuan and certainly give a considerable impression that prior civilizations did in fact live here.There's three major aspects to this game: platforming, combat, and puzzles. Platforming is really weird at first, but you definitely get used to the controls. They're not bad controls; they just have a lot of weird quirks, such as not being able to jump off of a ladder and only having a good amount of movement control in air after the apex of the jump. Fortunately, a lot of the rooms in the game are designed around this control scheme, with Hell Temple being a perfect demonstration of just how good the controls and the level design synergize to produce very tight platforming.Combat is pretty bare-bones at times, but once you start getting more and more weapons, it becomes a lot more enjoyable. There are also plenty of items and software combinations (you've got a computer thet you bring along with you) that change certain attributes of the weapon, such as damage and attack rate. Enemies that don't just walk along a path are surprisingly clever, and even the enemies that patrol a platform are still very fun to fight. There's quite the variety of enemies in the game. Even though there are a few reskins, the reskins typically have enough changes to differentiate themselves from their unskinned counterparts. There's also plenty of minibosses which can be rendered useless by a certain item, but I'd still recommend giving these bosses a couple of shots without that item. Bosses are certainly a lot more interesting here than they were in the original. With the exception of Palenque, there really isn't any boss you can troller-coaster your way through. There's ten bosses in total, counting the one at the end of the Hell Temple, and they're all memorable; especially the final boss. The only boss that I didn't think was that good design-wise was Sakit, but that's mainly because it was just a really boring and tedious boss that took too long.Now it's time to talk about puzzles. This game has a lot of them. Fortunately, you'll hardly ever have to go into a puzzle completely blind, as there are at least a couple of hints for every puzzle scattered throughout the temple, usually within that particular area. Despite this, I did notice a surprising amount of times where I had an idea for a certain puzzle that didn't work in this game, but would've worked perfectly fine in the original. This may just be me thinking like the Nigoro staff; I dunno. Nine times out of ten, if I ever needed to look up a particular solution to a puzzle, it was because I didn't notice an element in the background, or a more specific case later on, I didn't see that there was a teleportation wall. I'll go over this in more detail in the Graphics section, but that was basically my biggest beef with the puzzle solving. Apart from that, I wish that weights were a multiple use item. It's pretty annoying whenever you have to exit an area and lose your progress just because you didn't buy enough weights.Overall, there's only one room in the entire game that comes to mind as being terribly designed (the Witch Room in Hell Temple aka the only reason why I haven't beaten Hell Temple). However, for a game as big as La-Mulana, that's an incredible feat. 10/10.Story: I mentioned earlier that the ruins of La-Mulana felt like actual ruins. This is mainly helped by the fact that nearly every bit of dialogue is written in an ""ancient"" fashion. The story itself pans out much like the Souls series in that your involvement with the story is as much as you want. On the surface, it's just you exploring a temple and killing God at the end. However, start digging deeper, and the story starts to really come together, with lore from various areas weaving as seamlessly as the areas themselves do physically. The biggest highlight story-wise for me came from when things went down in Eden (you know the bit if you've played the original/are reading this review post-mortem style). The game does give you a lot to think about, and if you wanna get the full scoop, you're gonna have to think like an archaeologist. Just like Lemeza. 10/10.Graphics: Now, the adverts describe this game as being 16-bit, but I'd have to disagree with that. It actually looks a bit more 32-bit like Symphony of the Night. Whatever you wanna call it, though; it's freaking amazingly done. There is an absolutely absurd amount of detail in the areas; a bit too much for me at times. This is what I was talking about earlier with my issue of not seeing things in the background. Again, this is just me and not a mark against the game, but this seemed like a better place to bring it up. Regarding the technical aspects, it fullscreens to pretty much any resolution your monitor may be. It does have the sidebars, much like the 360 port of SotN and they cany be changed as well, which is always nice. Overall, I can tell that a lot of time went into making the areas look as great as they possibly can, even if the amount of detail can be a little bit overwhelming for me. 5/5.Sound: Holy butts, this soundtrack owns. No, seriously, this soundtrack is absolutely top-notch. I definitely went and got the OST after playing the game. This is the kind of soundtrack that can get stuck in your head very easily, although the songs are so good that you won't mind it a bit. All I can say is go listen to Wonder of the Wonder, Interstice of the Dimension, and Grand History if you need convincing that the soundtrack is top notch. 5/5.Overall scores are: 10/10/5/5; cumulative score of 10/10. Hey, another perfect score! This game has certainly earned it, though. I just wish I had played it sooner so that I would have been more willing to contribute to the La-Mulana 2 Kickstarter. Oh well; it got it's funding even without me.."
,Recommended,230700,770754,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Minax,"""Nigoro’s La-Mulana is like Castlevania: Symphony of The Night spliced with Dark Souls. It is long, it is tough, it is involved and it has puzzles that’ll make your brain bleed."" - Indie Game MagThis quote hits the nail on the head.This is the re-make of the original (free) La-Mulana that came out in 2005.In its essence, La-Mulana is a side-scrolling action-platformer. But it is also a game in which you explore a ruin. A ruin with a secret that will take you anywhere between 20 to 40 hours to unravel, on your first playthrough. Like a proper Metroidvania-style game you can freely move between most of the game's zones, skip some and come back to do them later. The game is teeming with puzzles that will make you scratch your head as well as tough encounters with all sorts of enemies, including over 40 bosses and sub-bosses.If you like side-scrolling action games you owe it to yourself to pick this one up. It's very polished, the controls are great (also supports USB-gamepads!), the music is phenomenal and the amount of content is simply astonishing. This is a title that will NOT let you down (assuming you don't give up on some puzzles).My recommendation: Don't use any walkthroughs on your first playthrough!""Finally, I reached La-Mulana. The adventure starts here!"""
,Recommended,230700,8155672,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Reiver,"Simply incredible. An adventure/platformer game (aka ""Metroidvania"") in which you star as an Indiana Jones-style archaologist who explores some ancient ruins to find old treasure. Yet, anyone going into this expecting a traditional Metroidvania experience will be in for a shock; though all the elements are there, the challenge has been signifcantly increased thanks to the abundance of puzzles scattered throughout the ruins. Not just basic ""find the right key for this door"" or some ripoff of Simon, these puzzles are incredibly obtuse; their answers only deducted through various clues located throughout the ruins. If you are one who refuses to consult FAQs or guides, then you'd better have a notebook handy, or make liberal use of screen captures. It can be very frustrating, especially at first, when you don't even have an inkling what you're supposed to do. On the other hand, nothing quite compares to the feeling of finally solving a puzzle, or beating a particularly difficult boss (of which there are several).The graphics are quite good, a noticeable increase in detail and colors from the freeware original (although those MSX-style graphics had their own charm; it's a shame they weren't included as an alternate texture pack), very reminiscent of 32-bit platformers like Castlevania Symphony of the Night. The music is phenomenal, recalling the styles of it's 8-bit inspirations, such as Castlevania, Ys, Maze of Galious, and Gradius. If you play thgis game long enough, you will likely end up getting the soundtrack, it's that good. I find it hard to talk about the individual tracks, because this would end up being a music review; every track suits its area well.The controls are quite stiff, and will lead to much frustration, but that's not to say they're _bad_ controls. Once you get comfortable with the way Lameza moves, you'll find you can pull off some quite impressive moves.As hard as the game is, there is also a secret area for those seeking a new challenge: Hell Temple. You cannot even unlock and find it until near the end of the game, and its reward is rather... interesting. And if that's still not enough of a challenge, the game has a secret unlockable hardzone that can be unlocked in one of the areas... and then you can to Hell Temple in Hard Mode as well. It's much, much more challenging, and the reward is no different than before (except for the pride one feels at having accomplished it).Speedrunning is another fun thing to do in this game; it's very nonlinear, even by Metroidvania standards; most of the time, you simply need to solve the right puzzle or find the right item to advance; only in a few cases must you actually defeat bosses to move the game forward. My first playthrough was over twenty hours;'since then, I've replayed several times, and have managed to beat the game (including Hell Temple) in under five hours. Very flexible, very open game... once you play it enough, it starts to click.Anyway, I could go on and on; I can't recommend this game enough, but only for those with the patience and dedication to overcome some SERIOUS challenges. PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,230700,8155620,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jonesman64,Tough as balls. Great puzzles. Missable items. Great music and environments. Really hard bosses. Over all I'd call it a good game.
,Recommended,230700,3579786,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Kerma,"Going to be serious with this review (or at least, as serious as I can get) because it's probably one of the best singleplayer games i've played in recent memory, up there with bioshock infinite (which was more like a storytelling experience anyways)I can't reccomend this game enough. I'd say that you should definitely give it a try and buy. There are only two major disadvantages to this game that I like but many people seem to not enjoy as much, so if you are involved in one of these groups I would maybe stay away from the game:If you don't like castlevania controls (Semi-clunky, slow jumping and attacking) It's how Lamenza controlsand if you don't like intricate riddles and puzzles (we're talking taking out a pad and paper or using your brain extensively to solve one puzzle)You might want to stay away. The challenge is hard but rewarding.This is one of the best singleplayer games i've played.And finally, a tip:Scan everything. Seriously, it makes things so much easier. I had a hard time on the wii because I didn't but on this playthrough I am and all the puzzles are so much more logical than they were before."
,Recommended,230700,1758794,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Empty,Indiana Jones mixed with Castlevania/Metroid and complicated puzzles. One of the few Indie titles I enjoy!
,Recommended,230700,7854671,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DosKeryos,For Every Gamers who love Metroid & Castlevania!!!
76561198025632123,Recommended,230700,8186741,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jabbergeist,"La-Mulana is hard as hell, but it's an incredibly rewarding Metroidvania-type game that shouldn't be missed. Fantastic music and great retro visuals make it an all-around cool experience. You will die- a lot- but that makes it all the sweeter when you finally figure out that puzzle or get past that trap. On the downside, I would say that the puzzles soon get a bit too obtuse and the clues are often vague enough to be no help at all. Enjoy, but do NOT be afraid to consult a guide."
,Recommended,230700,12192601,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,(๑ↀᆺↀ๑)✧,100 hints.Just give me 100 more hints.
,Recommended,230700,270766,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Abbe,"Minirecommendation until I finish the game:I CAN recommend buying this game, its quite hard but an epic experience, I havent completed it yet and I am unsure if I have even reached the 50% point yet, I have played it for 18 hours.Its very much like old-school games, its kind of like Dark souls in the way you never get a super obvious hint of how to do things and its very much a metroidvania game.Unfortunately it kind of feels like you are fighting the movement system and collision system more than the enemies, I would really have liked a less constrained movement system when jumping, although it is intentionally made like this, it can be very VERY frustrating.Still, I enjoy it a lot for what it is, and if youre fine with 2dgraphics and hard controls then you will like this I think. Prepare for a LONG game though.More coming later once I take the time to finish it. :)"
76561198027943933,Recommended,230700,10562029,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,slicer1000,Brilliant adventure game
,Recommended,230700,16151574,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,niXon/off,"Hard-as-nails, Metroidvania-style action-puzzle-platformer with HOURS and HOURS of challenging and non-repetitive gameplay, lots of achievements and secrets, and really do reward the player.If you ever felt that platforming is too easy - like, Shovel Knight is cool, but too casual - this is for you. It's non-forgiving and totally awesome."
76561198042372486,Recommended,230700,13685239,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,EvilShred666,"This game is simply amazing. Brutal, but amazing."
,Recommended,230700,8789044,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sanetsuken,I DONT KNOW WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IM SUPPOSED TO GO
,Recommended,230700,11108760,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,e-man,"If you like exploring caves and ruins but don't want to leave the safety of your house, then La Mulana Red Pajama is almost certainly the game for you. At first I was scared of the skeletons attacking me, but then i paused, and realized I'm safe in my basement..alone...um..*sniff* 10/10"
76561198060194635,Recommended,230700,7775784,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ZeB,"La-Mulana doesn't hesitate to strike unprepared players down when they least expect it. Whether you whip at the wrong spot or step on the false floor, La-Mulana will send you a painful reminder that this game is no walk in the park. But when you carefully observe your surroundings, you will learn the rules of the ruins. It requires patience, but you will be greatly rewarded. And there lies the magnificence of La-Mulana. Few games have managed to match the feeling of satisfaction and greatness which figuring out a puzzle or beating a tough boss in La-Mulana brings.This game is a hidden gem for those who are not afraid of challenges and as such it definitely needs more attention than it currently has!PS. The soundtrack is amazing! I just couldn't leave it unmentioned"
,Recommended,230700,2474552,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,combine,"This is one hell of a game.The game is all about exploration of a ruin, with many many outcomes, in the forms of many deadly traps, and fun enemies, and due to the focus on exploration, there is a ♥♥♥♥ton to discover.If you're looking for a fun and easy jump'n'run game in the style of old NES/SNES games, you should definitely not get La-Mulana, because the difficulty is high, and you WILL get frustrated.The feeling when playing this game is unique to La-Mulana though, as it is a special little game."
,Recommended,230700,1983200,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Vodoka,"If you enjoy being confused about what to do, neat puzzles and platforming, this  game is for you. Metroidvania of our dreams.Actually, this game is perfect. Everybody buy this game."
76561198135319838,Recommended,230700,26425893,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Eva,"I haven't even beaten the game yet, but just finished the scale puzzle (A one time challange) without the tablets info and feel accomplished enough to call it over. (Tho I won't.)I mean you know already this game is weird by reading the other reviews so if you're really reading this to make an informed purchase- it's weird, you'll probably need help in the beginning but then it's cool once you understand how the ""game"" works.Tho I haven't finished it yet so there's that.Also screenshot tablets, you see about people saying to get a pen and paper- screenshots are more than enough."
76561197978103139,Recommended,230700,26601852,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Slugroids,"In a nutshell: This game hurts so good.If you want to get boned by a fishman and then discarded down a waterfall into a poisonous aquaduct, only to find out there is no escape except a quicker death by electrocution... Then this is the game for you!10/10  Will get abused by fishmen again.Only recommended to hardcore gamers/masochists & those willing to put effort into git'n gud.PS: Tutorial trailer is useful for new players and includes a sick burn."
,Recommended,230700,26448428,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mrguy,"This is more of a puzzle game than a metroidvania game, and quite a stacked game too. I played over 30 hours and I don't even feel like I'm close to the end. Keep in mind that this game IS cryptic and you WILL use a guide at some point.Even though a lot of the puzzles can be obtuse, you can see how lovingly well the pieces are put together. Even the puzzles that I googled impressed me from the given clues that I have not properly followed. I have not yet pieced the historical glyphs together quite yet, but the lore in this game is pretty facinating too. To make it short, this is no typical indie game, or even metroidvania game.The graphics and music are pretty nice too, gave me GBA vibes. Gameplay is classic Castlevania with a Metroid/Galious style map, so fans of those game will feel right at home.If you really want to get decently far without guides these are some tips I reccommend1. Write everything, EVERYTHING! I solved a lot of the puzzles from just reffering to my notes and making connections.2. Look very carefully in your environment, if something is off or important KEEP NOTE OF IT.3. Talk to NPCs every once in a while. There's an NPC you will meet later that will give you some really useful info the more you progress4. When you see a puzzle and don't know what to do, SCAN EVERYTHING. I solved quite a few puzzles just from randomly scanning.5. You don't have to kill every boss as soon as you find them. There's a lot to collect, so maybe there's be something out there to help you defeat a boss easier.6. EXPLORE! Go back to locations you think you haven't. Keep in mind that this is a metroidvania, so attack walls and find false turrain.Even with these points in mind, don't feel discuraged for cheating with a guide. This game is designed to be a jerk, but at the very least try as hard as you can to keep the magic of the game. If you don't want to bust out the notepad/paper or bust your brain, avoid this game. If you're ready for quite the unique jouney and are willing to put serious dedication this is a must play."
76561198035597474,Recommended,230700,7977943,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,cocaine is bad for the heart,"This game is like Spelunky with puzzles. Puzzles that seem so obscure and disconnected. But once you find out how to do them, you are either mad that it made so much sense or mad that it made no sense at all. It's a great game,  you should try it it you have 40 spare hours."
,Recommended,230700,441130,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Mr.Saturn,Best Metroidvania in years
,Recommended,230700,26829164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FLUDDGrotto,pretty hard
76561198079600911,Recommended,230700,34416838,Posted: 22 August,all,ryancreely,"I absolutely love this game. It has an excellent retro vibe, and is probably the best metroidvania outside of the franchises that named the genre. It is very, very tough (I can't stress the toughness enough!) but it's fair, and highly rewarding. As a puzzle addict, I can genunely say this game stumped me in many places. Do not try to play this without taking notes! Although the game gives you a method of recording pieces of info, it's much easier to just use pen and paper.These are not your generic moving block onto pressure plate puzzles, by the way. You will need to really think!"
,Recommended,230700,5918570,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,ninj4,"One of the best games I played in some time, it's simple, hard, and the music is not bad."
,Recommended,230700,8019481,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,KING BITCH,Best game I've played this year.
,Recommended,230700,25716607,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,StuPode,"did you want a nice, forgiving, easy-but-not-too-easy challenge?too bad, this is La-Mulana10/10 makes you want to throw your computer out the window, then put it back together five minutes later so you can keep playing"
76561197972692294,Recommended,230700,8011809,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,jordo,literally the best game ever
,Recommended,230700,8209048,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gruff McStuff,IS GOOD IS LIKE DARK SOOL BUT LIKE CASTSVANE BUT TRUCJ ME IS GOOD !)/!) THX
76561198071548134,Recommended,230700,11500552,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,The True Correct Guy,Spanish Mulan simulator.
76561198045759735,Recommended,230700,8062818,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Brendaneus,9/10Paper and pencil required.
,Recommended,230700,811613,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"I don't mind a hard game from time to time, but this one is just too much trial-and-error. And I don't care if it's a Metroidvania game or not.If you like being tortured La-Mulana might just be your thing.[Rating: 70/100]"
,Recommended,230700,7827249,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,vexint,Don't complain. Just buy it.
76561198002865619,Recommended,230700,8805276,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Petrusk,Only one thing... LA mulaaaaaana
,Recommended,230700,8832355,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,thiefy,"This brings me back to the good ole days of Castlevania and Contra for the NES, a systematic dismantling of your ego and happyness. Wish more games were like this."
,Recommended,230700,7440796,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Cathadan,This game is a love letter to the secret-filled games of the early 90s that manages to rise above them all to become one of the best of its kind.
,Recommended,230700,7829537,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Royal Fool,"This game is fantastic and also really, really hard."
,Recommended,230700,8299886,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,a mistake,It's alright.
,Recommended,230700,19967746,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mr.Crane,"I recommend this game only hesitantly.This game is Castlvania with an Indiana Jones skin. It looks, sounds, and feels like a vintage SNES game, and that's what I have been wanting. The biggest problem I have is with the controls. When you jump in the air, it has a rather wonky way of letting you control the sprite. It seems that you can only start to control him when you hit the top of the arc, and then not very much. I also do not like not of the dialog some of the shop keeps have. ""AW HELL NAW""? In the middle of the jungle? I think it was the dev just trying to be funny, but felt jarringly out of place. I haven't even gotten into the temple yet because I was starting to get frustrated.But I'm not sure that's a bad thing.This game is difficult on the level of old SNES games were difficult, but not always for the right reasons. There were several times just walking around the outside area where I though I could walk past a cliff, but I couldn't due to the fact that there was apparently a wall there. The graphic designer needed to do a better job of differentiating what was and wasn't accessable.I will go back and play it when I have more time to invest in it, but I am not sure others would.TL:DR Buy it on a good sale. Not worth full price. SNES Castlevania level of diffuclty and feel."
,Recommended,230700,7794924,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BoyToy92,its tearing me apart3+/5
,Recommended,230700,7809342,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,mrakva,"8/10 Get it you MetroidVania fan you.High precision 2D pixel art platforming goodness. Interesting graphics, animations, levels, monsters and story (for a game of this type). If you aren't a fan of platformers, don't get it because it's a platformer. Logic is king."
,Recommended,230700,8545194,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nin,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING HARD
,Recommended,230700,9087438,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Imperator Vare,great adventurous game buy this game that is all
,Recommended,230700,8906587,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tegiminis,yes #yes
,Recommended,230700,11880835,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Braveheart,"If you hate yourself, you'll probably like this game"
,Recommended,230700,398109,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Thornado,"Rock hard Metroid-vania styled game.Be prepared to die a lot, but the game is just awesome for the persistent player. The soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥with several tunes that stick to the brain (I love Gradius like Inferno Cavern tune).While playing this game, don't be afraid to use a guide because the game is very hard.Not every puzzle you solve is immediatly clear and sometimes solving a puzzle in area 1 has effect in area 2. Or in it's backside. Lost me just there? :)If you like classic platformers like Metroid, Castlevania and Treasure of Usas, give La-Mulana a try. On one hand it is frustrating, on the other hand playing La-Mulana is very rewarding. Again, be prepared to die...a lot!"
76561198038639818,Recommended,230700,4532999,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Gen the Skunk,"I've always been a fan of Metroidvania-esque games. I've played my fair share of them, but none have challenged me as much as this one. This game does NOT hold your hand. It doesn't tell you where to go, what upgrades you need to get, or anything, really, but you're freely left to explore and figure things out by yourself. SInce this game has one of the most labyrinthine setups of its genre, in addition to some geniuinely mind-moiling puzzles, it'll keep you busy for some time.If you're hunting that old-school nintendo difficulty, welcome home."
,Recommended,230700,7793142,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Spoopy Blaine66,"The single greatest Metroid-vania game to come out this year. While many of the puzzles are obtuse, using a strategy guide is for babies. I suggest that you delve in and learn the world, the beautiful story, and the really hone in on the puzzles, and only use a guide when you've reached a point where you have to ask what you want to do next."
,Recommended,230700,7804622,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Rynex,"La-Mulana is super cheap today... is it worth the price? Hell yeah it is.La-Mulana is a Metroidvania Platform Adventure game. I consider myself quite the expert at these kinds of games with a lot of 100% completions, speed runs, sequence breaking and so on... and even I must admit that this game is not a simple ride. If you're looking for something that will tingle your adventure senses and keep you entertained for a good 30 hours or so at least,   this game will keep you thoroughly engrossed. The graphics for this game were updated to a more SNES style for the remake, and gives it that special retro charm of that era of games. Once you start exploring the game, you'll learn just how finally crafted all the features and the areas are, but the clues sometimes feel like the live in moon logic. Just... check everything and hit everything. Getting into new areas and trying new things out is the heart of the game, and La-Mulana pulls no punches. As soon as you discover how to get into new areas, the difficulty of the game will jump with it.This is is still probably one of my favorite games, and there's a lot to it that adds to the replay factor of the game. Also, the game will run on virtually anything... but have a gamepad handy if you've got one. Oh, and if do beat this game, tell me."
,Recommended,230700,13278627,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,nifboy,"I couldn't get through it. Somewhere around getting lost in the Twin Labyrinths I basically gave up, between the fiendish puzzles and the unforgiving combat, and watched someone else beat it on Youtube. After doing that I had no desire to simply follow in those footsteps.I'm recommending La Mulana anyway, because I had so many different ""aha!"" moments along the way that it was still worth it, and I hope you do too."
,Recommended,230700,16645628,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sasuke,llama llama
,Recommended,230700,4875332,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Sean Han Tani,ADVENTURE? TEMPLES? CHALLENGE? BUY IT
,Recommended,230700,7829320,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ice,Simply the best Indiana Jones simulator available.
,Recommended,230700,17528061,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Trump Has Made Anime Real Again!,umm boner
,Recommended,230700,8354290,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hyrule Lynith,"If you were to rank every hour of video gaming I've spent this year, La Mulana will definitely take up the top 5 and the bottom 5 hours on that list. The other 15 hours fall somewhere between the two, though more on the positive than the negative. When it shined, it was glorious. When it was dull, it angered me to the point where I was too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to sleep.La Mulana is a Metroid/Castlevania style game with the difficulty of Dark Souls with an Indiana Jones theme. The combat was second to none, and had some of the most memorable and fun fights in a 2D platformer ever. However, some puzzles were beyond the ""guess what I am thinking"" style.We're talking ""Pause the game for 10 minutes, then close the game, then load it, come back to this area and stand still for 30 seconds"" kind of puzzles. There are tablets that try to give you hints about the solutions, but CLOSING the game isn't one that really crosses your mind.Combine this with the fact that this game is even LESS linear than Dark Souls, it was easy to get stuck on a puzzle you didn't even know existed, or think you needed an item from another area entirely.Things were so bad, that the developer announced that La Mulana 2 (coming in January) will have much more straightforward and less obtuse puzzles. If it weren't for these complications, this game would hands down be my GOTY 2013. No contest. It was THAT good, but it was also THAT bad that I'm hardly even considering it as an option.I have incredibly high hopes for La Mulana 2. It may surpass Castlevania: Harmony of Dissonance as king of the genre."
,Recommended,230700,8799001,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Necromaniacal,One of the single greatest games I've ever played. It's seriously that good
,Recommended,230700,9495069,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sundance Kid,"+great music+great gameplay+empowering bosses+mysterious loreNotice how every bad review is ""ehh too haaaard why cant the pleasure of winning the game just be given to meeee""If you're a f@ggot this game is not for you. Go hard or go home."
,Recommended,230700,10784043,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cyril,"Yeah okay, fine La-Mulana, you can get a positive review. I'm somewhat on the fence with this one but I did have a lot more fun than frustration with it which I guess is the deciding factor.So the first negative thing to say about it is that the controls are intentionally designed to be rather clunky and, well, bad. Well-programmed bad controls though. Makes platforming harder than it needs to be in the end but there's not too much intensive platforming here so whatever.Also, the game gets way too obscure far too frequently. Not particularly ashamed to admit I used a guide for a good bit. I think the most fun way to play this is to attempt as much on your own as you can and resort to a guide for a bit when patience runs low. Prevents frustration and still lets you experience the game as it's supposed to be played a good bit.It really is pretty fun to run around the ruins exploring, especially since you're basically immortal as soon as you find the holy grail item (aside from instant death traps that are a bit too frequent and, of course, the bosses.) Not all the puzzles are overly obscure leading to a pretty decent feeling of success when a tricky one is solved.Presentation-wise the game is top-notch. The graphics look great, especially those backgrounds and bosses. The soundtrack's also lovely, with a few especially good tracks in there. The presentation honestly helps with the exploring; I doubt I'd have had as much patience in the uglier, worse sounding 8-bit version, really.The bosses vary in quality. Most of them lean towards the good with a few of them being pretty darn fun when you learn them... on the other hand, there's Viy, who is among the worst bosses I've ever faced in a 2D setting. Just.... no. Everything about that fight is wroooong. There's also a few other rather poorly designed challenges though they're all optional ones (though generally for helpful items.)As a whole... yeah, the game certainly has flaws, but I don't think they're unintentional issues most of the time. La-Mulana knows what it wants to be and does an excellent job at being that, which just means it can be a bit off-putting to the average player."
76561198001101539,Not Recommended,230700,15840814,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Supine,"I'm a huge fan of platformers and Metroidvanias. I want to like the game but simply cannot get over how bad the controls are. The entire game reeks of an almost pretentious ""look how hard this game is! look at the obscure everything!"" but the foundation, its platforming, is a trainwreck. Not worth a purchase at any price imo. If a platformer can't get its act together and have decent controls, it's not worth your time. there are difficult games out there that are hard for the right reasons and not because you have to wade through molasses to solve puzzles that provide almost no feedback as to your progress."
76561198044558327,Recommended,230700,10435001,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Antcopter,"La Mulana is, like all the best things in life, not for kids"
76561198017902285,Not Recommended,230700,15178849,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,vinnysmashesbabies,"Good, but essentially for hardcores only. Though a Metroidvania game with immense depth to it, it's very possible to get permanently stuck if you enter certain rooms without obtaining the proper items needed to overcome obstacles or even backtrack. Enemies don't drop much money, which makes buying pricey items a pain. There aren't many healing locations either, and the cryptic clues aren't helping matters either."
,Recommended,230700,9146195,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,milton,at least it doesn't insult me
,Recommended,230700,15879588,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"Beneath the retro (hyper-nostalgic) facade lies a lovingly crafted, well designed masterpiece. I passed this game by for quite sometime until finally picking it up on sale (having played it, I would gladly have payed full price). It is however, a very challenging game, so if you're not willing to invest some time and effort this may not be for you."
,Recommended,230700,10654701,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mikaroni,"This game is not great. It reminds me of a SNES or Sega game that never sold that many copies. I will probably play it a bit more just because I bought it already, but the video seems to have hyped up the few good game scenes that there are."
,Recommended,230700,7976590,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dan,"10/10 game. Production values and graphics are crisp, music is amazing, and physics are tight. You will love this game if you like Castlevania and Metroid. It creates a great oldschool experience of not knowing where to go next, but in a good way. Tablets scattered among the ruins explain lore and give cryptic hints about where to go and what to do. Early on, it is possible to stumble through a third of the game just by exploring, but you must solve the puzzles and mysteries by thinking, which is a very refreshing change."
76561198011841700,Recommended,230700,14388622,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cepat,Very fun game with massive exploration :)
,Recommended,230700,29281682,Posted: 15 January,all,burito,"The quintessential ""Metroidvania"" game for the hardcore PC gamer.This is a remake of their earlier title, conveniently named ""La-Mulana"". The original was NES style graphics (actually MSX, a computer only released in Japan), and is still free to download and play. You'll need to find the english translation too.This version, has SNES style graphics, and is slightly easier than the original. Make no mistake, it's still very difficult, and for more than a few of the puzzles you will need a walkthrough (especially the mantra's and wedges).Yes, puzzles. I'm not talking sliding block puzzles (although there are a few). Pretty much every single stone tablet you read in this game contains a clue for one puzzle or another, although quite often the puzzle is on the other size of the map. One of the very first tablets you read actually has a clue for the final puzzle.As to the time it will take, I've seen a speedrunner do it in just over 2 hours. I tend to take about 8 hours per run (mind you I currently have 135 hours of playtime). First timers, expect to spend over 40 hours.Sequence breaking. This game is the master. My favourite thing to do is to see just how much loot I can get without fighting a single boss.Some say this game is cruel and unfair. I don't agree... there are always clues. Lots of skeletons laying around that pedestal? It's probably a trap. Pedestal beneath an obviously heavy object? The object has spikes? Who do you think you should blame when it kills you? The game has 3 achievements titled ""Welcome to La-Mulana"", which are awarded for sucumbing to some of the more obvious traps. You can't say you haven't been warned - it sets the tone early on.Even the boss fights, while many are quite challenging, you can always come back with better loot to tip the scales more in your favour. Heck, if you're having real trouble with a boss, you can always just shoot it with the pistol, which is sold in a shop on the very first screen. This game gives you options, if you don't like the cards that have been dealt to you, come back later with more cards. It's possible to get 70% of the items without fighting a single boss, and after killing the first 3, you can get the rest."
,Recommended,230700,32143835,Posted: 2 June,all,Christopher Shitstockings,"You'll need a walkthrough for 80% of this game, that makes it sound incredibly tedious but something just keeps compelling you to play, and when you look back on how far you've come it feels great. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard but it's good enough that you want to keep playing, an incredibly unique kind of experience in that regard. Also the soundtrack is like super kickassAlso kind of like Spelunky but better since the main character doesn't have a giant red nose so I have nothing to get irrationally annoyed at."
,Recommended,230700,32786272,Posted: 25 June,all,Slamsung999,"Challenging platformer in the metroid-vania style. The revamped art and graphics look incredible. This game harkens back to an era of gaming that I was too young to properly enjoy, but adds some more modern twists to it. Can be very punishing for newcomers however (there's a secret that makes it even more difficult and you can never go back!). Despite the difficulty, it is extremely engrossing and provides lots of tense moments."
,Recommended,230700,8758334,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Rand Pal,"""How was I supposed to figure that out?!?"" - Irate Gamer"
,Recommended,230700,8700773,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Back of the knee maybe,Game is hard.
,Recommended,230700,1003756,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,BBX,This is... the best game ever.
,Recommended,230700,25368785,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ribo Zurai,"Basically a Metroidvania more aimed to puzzles and clue hunting. The ruins are massive, and puzzles will get more complicated as you advance in the game, to the point that you will need to write down some tips and possibly look up in the internet what to do when you're nearing the endgame. It's very satisfying to do it in your own. Controls feel a bit weird, specially in the jumping mechanics, but it's not too bad. Music is amazing, one of my favorite OSTs of all time. Definitely recommended if you like exploring and solving puzzles, and wondering why God hates humanity as well.Gameplay - 7/10Difficulty - 9/10Music - 10/10Graphics - 8/10Replayability - 7/10Overall - 8/10"
,Not Recommended,230700,14073187,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,r2rangel,"Great game, awesome Re-make, however they should've Re-made the playability.Controls suck much if not more than the MSX version, I've played all the nes platforms classics, none come close to the despair that is this amazing re-done awful game, you will battle your control more than anything if you decide to purchase this, hits will send you across half screen, jumping on this game will makes you quit your beliefs in human kind, is that weird combination of diagonal far jumps or jump stationery to control your fall, is GOD KILL ME NOW awful, I decided to quit playing, i just cannot battle the pad no more, i rather play the msx original, going to leave this one to the weird Japanese kids that will master this and finish it under two hours attempting all the games glitches.Be warned, is a god game if you decide your life is meaningless and you need something to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at."
,Not Recommended,230700,12284470,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,soyoyo,"While I like that the game has weird areas and enemies and just in general feels different than most games, I hate that it has weird puzzles. The solutions to these puzzles are obscure and this means getting stuck a lot. When I figured out puzzles, it was not satisfying. I was usually thinking ""really?"" and eventually gave up on the game due to boredom."
,Recommended,230700,777878,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,mm9m9m9m9m9,"explore ruins and get ruined by cryptic puzzles (seriously recommended, though)"
76561197970665531,Not Recommended,230700,8832055,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Calhoun,"Charming retro art and classic NES-style difficulty, but the lack of direction and obtuse ""hints"" you decrypt render this game more of an exercise in frustration than an enjoyable metroidvania-style game. Sometimes, there's a reason the industry outgrows a certain style of game design."
,Recommended,230700,12881439,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Helios,"Best game ever, but not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,230700,13796009,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thekinkajou,"This game is fun, but frustrating. I got to the point where I had no clue where to go and had to look up a puzzle online, the solution to which I do not think I could have reasonably discovered on my own. This game is a great Metroidvania style game; however, the frustrating puzzles remind me ofFezand after I had to look up a puzzle solution, I ended up losing interest because of how frustrating the puzzles where and how often I was exploring the same rooms over and over to find where to go."
,Recommended,230700,7869268,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dad,This game is 80% off for the Steam Thanksgiving sale right now and if you're a fan of metroidvania games you should most def pick this up because it's a steal at this price.
,Recommended,230700,13801392,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dradoh,superior game physics
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,230700,15780097,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Nasty,bad tutorial and horrible gameplay i spent an hour doing nothing then finally figured out where to go only getting killed 100 times in the process
,Recommended,230700,15796794,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,bleep,"There's really nothing I can add that many fine reviewers have already said.So instead, I'd like to speak to every single negative reviewer:Git gud."
76561198128522820,Not Recommended,230700,16164005,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dan Classic,"Note: I'm currently trying to play all of the games in my Steam library and give a quick review of each one. Therefore, this review is based on about half an hour's worth of gameplay.This game has a lot going for it however, I found the controls to be too... weird? I guess? It's hard to explain without playing it for yourself but I'll give it a shot. The jumping is all sorts of f***** out. First, you jump like your on the moon, slowly way up, and slowly down. Next, you don't have control of the character while in mid jump. Except you do! If you jump just straight up, then try to move in a direction, the character will move after about half of a second. I found this to be quite akward. Either give me control over the character in mid jump, or don't. I'll deal with it. Conversely, if you're falling, you have no control and fall straight down. I assume this was for the sake of realism, which would be great if it was consistant. I don't mind strict realism in physics but don't fiddle faddle around by having moon jumps one minute, and no mid air control the next. Based on this, I could not continue to play this game. If you can get past it, then there is a lot to enjoy here with interesting graphics and great music. Alas, I cannot recommend this game because I feel control is the essence of what makes a video game and for me, it's just all wrong."
76561198029765331,Recommended,230700,14466349,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DingDong Patchman,Really good
,Not Recommended,230700,16084386,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,alpercet,This game brings some new ideas to the NES Castlevania games. It has funny and interesting dialogues and in game computer software for being a modern archaeologist. Yet still it fails to give you the nice gameplay feeling of the Castlevania games. I'm not even comparing this with Symphony of the Night. A strongly advise you to ask friends about this game. Most of the reviews seem to be exagerrated positive with a very short amount of idea about Metroidvania games.
76561198028253012,Recommended,230700,13212726,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ghin,"This game is an absolute masterpiece, but it won't appeal to everyone. It is a platform style game with a focus on exploration, puzzles, and high challenge. There is a lot of game here: it took me over 40 hours to finish my first playthrough. The artwork in this game is good, especially the music which is exceptional.  I'll admit that I actually listened to the soundtrack outside of the game.The puzzles in this game are the heart of it, but the whole thing has an exceptional design. Each part of the game is expertly prepared. Although the game is extremely difficult, none of it felt unfair to me. I felt a real sense of accomplishment after completing some of the more difficult areas.If you're the kind of person who needs a walkthrough, you will not enjoy this game at all. If you love old-style platformers and a good challenge, this game is a masterpiece and you are a fool to miss it."
,Recommended,230700,9106074,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kana,"An incredible game i can't help but to recommend, that said, i cannot fault you for peeking at a walkthrough in a few chosen locations, as the game can be extremely occluded, or even very illogical in certain parts."
76561198049736912,Recommended,230700,15113664,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Eric the GM,"If you like Metroidvania-style exploration and pine for the days that puzzle solving meant keeping a notepad filled with clues beside your PC, you need to play this game.9/10"
,Recommended,230700,15189594,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,William Tell,"This game reminded me of what games should be like. It treats you like you have a brain and the ability to think in an abstract manner, and if you don't keep track of and use the information provided to you well, it's your fault and you flip open a walkthrough. I didn't really know what I was getting myself into, and that caused me some problems.There is almost no irrelevant information provided by the game. Not just a notepad is needed, a notebook even. Keep track of clues, deity and lore names, places, room names, where those unreadable tablets that you ignored are, anything and everything. That information will come into play at some point, in some way. Cross off clues and puzzles you've solved, keep it organized. The last thing you want to do is to have scour the game for the hint, tablet, mural, deity statue etc, to progress that you only read/researched not realizing it's importance.Well, when the sequel is finished and released, atleast I'll come prepared for it."
,Recommended,230700,14856426,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Power,"Despair, but also a boner."
,Recommended,230700,1801668,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,ZelosZalis,"""I still recommend this game, but for the tl;dr people the review is basically saying its going to be rough if you are a casual platformer. people seem to be missing that.""Sometimes the past should stay in the past. That's all I can really say about the less fun elements of L-M. The game is good by all respects, but some of its ""nods"" to old school gaming become the direct problems with the game namely its jumping mechanics which feel committed and not flexible in the least. This makes playing the game for long periods an exercise in you character fighting you, again the game is not bad but it will easily deter entry level platforming players.This problem does get better as more power ups in the game are located, but some may not be able to stomach the game long enough to get to said power ups. still if you are looking for a platformer that doesn't hand hold you as much and has a learning curve, this game is up your alley, but you've been warned the game does not pull punches especially on hard mode."
,Recommended,230700,14658941,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"La-Mulana is an utter cult classic now. If you like retro style games but which are actually a challenge and make you feel like you earnt the rewards get it. Trust me, get it. Don't shoot bats with your gun though"
76561198082974638,Recommended,230700,21603731,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,mecha,masterpiece
76561198015202028,Recommended,230700,8802191,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mr. Worldwide,One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,230700,7318179,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Kilim,i was trying really hard to write a in-depth review but i failed so have this instead:this game is everything a video game should be
76561198025533693,Recommended,230700,3643769,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Uxor Secundus Lillith,"A hard game (casuals and gamers born after 1995 need not play) with old-school jumping mechanics (AKA, you can't change your trajectory mid jump) and grossly unfair item drops (Low on health? ♥♥♥♥ YOU!)Don't bother with the bonus dungeon and PAY ATTENTION to tablets."
,Recommended,230700,28856214,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,absilva,"Um jogo que merece respeito. Você vai morrer, vai tentar fazer a mesma coisa mais de 10 vezes, vai travar, vai passar nervoso.Mas também vai explorar uma mitologia que aos poucos vai se revelando e envolvendo quem joga, fora que descobrir como cada área dessas ruínas funcionam, se conectam e o significado delas realmente é uma experiência a parte. La-Mulana é basicamente o Legend of Zelda side-scroller que eu procurava."
,Recommended,230700,26791699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mizako,best game ever
,Recommended,230700,17532701,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Praise the Sun!,"Tops, brah"
,Recommended,230700,17554474,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RetroSteveUK,"A great retro platformer with puzzle elements. Has elements of Dizzy, Rick Dangerous, Zelda (on NES), Spelunky, Steamworld Dig. Nice balance of exploration / action / RPG style upgrading. Some of the controls are not explained well enough in the game, but persevere - once you work it all out the game is very rewarding.  Full controller compatibility is a plus too, (I'm using the XBox 360 pad for Windows).I picked this up for under £4 in a Steam sale.  Still worth the full price if you intend to sink some serious time into it."
,Recommended,230700,17600668,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Happy little tree,"I bought this game, and asked for refund after 2 hours.Still curious how ppl can beat this game, so i watch stream, speed run.Now just re-buy this game, and beat 1st boss, feel so good :DThis game is very hard, and complex, buy it if you have patience :D"
76561198066243519,Recommended,230700,17612928,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MVCDS,Sometimes I just buy something I don't hear that much about... sometimes it is 3awesome surpise!
,Recommended,230700,17753582,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,AnaLoGMunKy,"This has been likened to a 2D Dark Souls platform game and it isnt a far off comparison.Its really, really hard... at first. Even the most basic enemies will have you crying at the unfairness of the game and you will consider giving up because lets face it, really you are a bit of a pansy right?No!?Oh well carry on, because your persevearance will pay off and soon those impossible enemies will become a nusiance and then finally a trivial annoyance that you swat out the way because you have become a platform master."
,Recommended,230700,248939,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Mostly Harmless,"Cool game. love the music and the idea behind it, but it was overall frustrating for me.  I kept getting stuck with [seemingly] no options out.  Not really any guidance on where to proceed."
,Recommended,230700,7980396,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,[~*LpM*~] Mychilli,♥♥♥♥♥s harder than Dark Souls
,Recommended,230700,3485163,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Skurry,"This game is essentially the Sutter Cane of video games. If enough people sucessfully beat it, it will weaken the barriers between our reality and Total ♥♥♥♥stick Lovecraft Reality of Madness and Suffering.  It is why they made the game so hard, but now it is on Steam so the danger has increased quite a bit. Don't play this game if you value the cosmos."
76561197997095172,Recommended,230700,17505024,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Outline,"A thousand times yes. This is an experience every gamer should have... there are too few works out there, especially in the 2d platformer genre, that actually put up a significant fight against those who want to beat it.Bring on the sequel!"
,Recommended,230700,23301018,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,CoasterCraft Gold,"A fun, easy little platformer that's a good way to spend a weekend."
,Recommended,230700,27380650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maxwell the Judge,"Really love this game, feels pretty retro with challenging puzzles, and while this is a remake, there is enough new contents and changes to make worth buying even if you played the original like I did."
,Recommended,230700,9026243,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dotticus,This is officially my favorite platformer-puzzler ever. It is literally Metroidvania with emphasis on the puzzles.
,Recommended,230700,3803484,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Mr. Fuckface,There are just far too many things to this game to make a proper recommendation. It's  quite simply one of the best Metro-vania platformers out there. Out of 100 I'd give it 200. GET IT! (Sidenote: Savefiles are compatible with GOG so if you already have that you can import them into steam!)
,Recommended,230700,72887,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,[TE] Kuraudo,"This is the greatest metroidvania ever created. Yes, that means it's better than Cave Story. It's description as an ""Archaeological Ruins Exploration Action Game"" is apt and completely spot on.Buy it and love it. Hell, I bought it twice."
76561198064893235,Recommended,230700,11088795,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rain,"almost 30 hours in to solving puzzles and having a blast i still feel like lost most of the time, and attention to detail is just paramount :) overall this is one of the best games i have ever played, the connections between areas and the feeling of it all being a part of something big is just amazing, 10/10 best game i played in the past 10 years."
76561197972449153,Recommended,230700,8799550,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"A super difficult, unforgiving, often confusing game. But also a joy to play and it leaves you with the sense that you really accomplished something when you finally figure out a puzzle. If you like old school games that don't hold your hand you will probably love this game."
76561198264746595,Recommended,230700,28638682,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CoolPenguin1,To easy.
,Recommended,230700,26897346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,This game does not care to impress you. You're here to impress IT.
,Recommended,230700,7861820,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tummyache,"One Part Castlevania, one part Spelunky, a hundred parts sadomasochism.Extremely difficult, often times in the worst of ways.  The game offers up some really good gameplay, and then some not so good ""hit every wall until you find out which one unlocks this door on the other side of the map"".  It excells out of the gate but as you go on a boss's difficulty is pretty much trying to get close enough to attack him without smashing face first into him on accident.Overall, I'd say it's worth the $3 I paid for it on the deal.  Not much more than that in my opinion.  It has its strong points: the music, the graphics, and some good puzzles, which are shamefully brought down by unreasonably cheap gameplay down the road."
76561197995197481,Recommended,230700,8545563,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Vanigo,"Well, this is my favorite sale purchase so far. I'd probably feel differently if there weren't walkthroughs available, though."
,Recommended,230700,8826811,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dylan Becker,"I think this game is great. It's kind of like what you'd find on the NES or SNES because it's got that classic sort of difficulty and depth that you simply can't find now days. I could even see this game having the same nostalgia. Lets look at what specifically was good and bad about the game.Pros:1. The game is difficult, but not impossible... To me this is a very nice balance.2. It is really fun to explare new areas, especially after finding the save points.3. A lot of the gadgets you get are hidden, so finding them feels very rewarding.4. Everything about the artwork was done to perfection.5. The bad guys are unique and each has its own way of attacking.7. The music is well done and catchy.8. It was clearly a well thought out game with much effort put into it.9. Bosses and mini bosses are difficult but fun.Cons:1. Some of the riddles are simply too difficult. The majority of players will likely use a guide eventually.2. Under-water/lava controls are difficult and more than frustrating at times.3. Dying can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you havent found a save point in the area you are in.4. This is a huge one: If you haven't gotten the Holy Grail, but have made it far into the game, you may become stuck permanently, and need to restart the game. Thankfully this doesnt apply to many players.Over all, the game has its flaws, but I still love the game and would reccomend it to anyone who wants a good challenge."
76561198018015437,Recommended,230700,9723411,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Murkrai,"It's as if Indiana Jones, Castlevania, and the original Prince of Persia games all got mashed together. It's hard, but fun. The music is great and there is so much to explore."
,Recommended,230700,15630564,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Alejandro4891,It's what you'd expect Spelunky to be on SNES. Pretty fun so far.
,Recommended,230700,13843222,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TzakShrike,"The best puzzle platformer, other than Braid."
76561198022101713,Recommended,230700,8370517,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Angry Panda,I would give this an 6 you spend more time dying then exploring not even close to symphony of the night and the two should never be compared!
,Recommended,230700,8432495,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Quizerno,"(all my reviews are labeled as ""Recommended"" because I don't like the label system)La-Mulana delivers what it says it wants to, it's old school.Unfortunately, this brings the problems of old school gaming.In terms of actual gameplay, the game's platforming is a bit different from the norm. You can't control your jump trajectory except at the beginning of your jump, and you can barely control your falling direction.Then comes the real oldschool part. The puzzles. Where you not only have to think outside the box; but also flip the box upside down, chop it open, and analyze it with a microscope.The hints offer only slight indication of what you need to do.At first it seems pretty simple. The first puzzle presents you with a hint to kill two red skeletons, you kill the skeletons, which unlocks a block needed to complete a puzzle. Fine.Then they start getting a bit obtuse. You get a hint that the mouths of two statues are connected, ie. pushing a block in one will push another out the other. Only the perspective doesn't fit the block you are shown, and you have to hit it with your whip.....And there has been no indication that your whip can affect these blocks.You get a hint that the geometry of the temple is messed up. Apparently this is supposed to refer a secret passage right behind the hint that leads you to the other side of a map.Sometimes puzzles activate things in adjacent rooms, sometimes they activate things 4 rooms over.This is the first level alone."
76561197993826401,Recommended,230700,32682870,Posted: 23 June,all,Gustav,"Excellent so far. Requires paying close attention to evironmental clues and even taking notes to solve puzzles (which can get quite cryptic), so it's definitely not for someone looking for casual platforming; but this aspect makes it a fantastic little gem of exploration. It instills a sense of mystery/adventure missing from the vast majority of games out there."
76561198095055273,Recommended,230700,32975547,Posted: 28 June,all,SpicyBoy,"Metroidvania with a Kaizo Mario twist. Utterly ruthless in difficulty and beyond cryptic throughout the majority of the game, but catchy tunes and memorable boss fights a plenty more than make up for the demented 80s MSX-hard level of difficulty one has to deal with."
76561198319275150,Recommended,230700,33553210,Posted: 15 July,all,Turtlewax85,"You know a game is good when you spend your entire vacation from work playing it! Simply put, I was addicted for 2 weeks straight to this game, the experience was like no other. You could go off how this is just another Metroid/Castlevania clone but it's so much more than that. Never before has a game had me jotting down clues and drawing maps to piece together a massive puzzle! After all the hype about how difficult and cryptic the game is and how you need a guide to even think about completing it, I told myself ""I can get through this with no guide"" and I actually managed to make it! Was it easy? No...... Did I find myself running around in circles for hours at a time making little to no progress? Yes..... But thats the joy of this game. In the age of games that hold your hand every step of the way, this is a breath of fresh air. I recommend trying to complete this game WITHOUT using a guide, as all the fun to be had is in piecing together clues and realizing that the seemingly vague message on that tablet is actually quite vital in your progression. All in all this game might not be for everyone, but it sure was for me! Now it's off to the hell temple (which I did use a guide on how to access since there is no real clues about it) to see if I can get through it with no guide! Wish me luck!"
,Recommended,230700,32690346,Posted: 23 June,all,MushroomDynamo,"This is good, but very difficult. Excellent remake of the original."
,Recommended,230700,8325057,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shadow the Edgehog,"Do you like good hardcore nintendo games with puzzles, action and traps like zelda?Then you must have it!"
,Recommended,230700,15455851,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Bob Vagene,"Challenging game , Skill and Brain needed , not for everyone. I personnaly like it ."
,Recommended,230700,9356096,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,KeyboardDino,"If you like platformers that echo of yesteryear, this is the game for you.  I like it."
76561198020616562,Recommended,230700,35067193,Posted: 19 September,all,Aqua,"One of the most difficult and sophisticated game I ever played, I couldn't finish the game even with a guide under my eyes :)Still it was a very enjoyable experience, I just hope it was less cryptic sometimes."
,Not Recommended,230700,11197574,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Morsk,"97% of people who buy La-Mulana never finish the storyline. Check the ""global achievement stats"" and see for yourself.I urge caution in buying this. Some people like it; I like it. But manydon't understand what they're buying. The game is ""hard"" -- but not only ""hard"". It's deeply flawed:The first few hours are awful.Some puzzles are tedious and the solutions random.Some puzzles expect you to draw and annotate maps.You will need to go out-of-game to get help on puzzles; no one lucks onto the solution of every puzzle. Bear in mind that going out-of-game means seeing spoilers, and meta-gaming like ""Does it 'feel like cheating' to look up X after putting in Y effort?"" It fundamentally changes the experience.Some of us like the game anyway, because of the quality of art and music, sense of exploration, replay value in speedruns, etc. We like it in spite of its flaws; you may not.Here's what you can try. There's a free La-Mulana 2 demo available on Kickstarter. Since it's an early demo, it uses the same engine as La-Mulana, and is highly similar: the same jump, the same whip, the same style of puzzles. It's also a better newbie experience; it introduces important mechanics sooner, and more clearly. Try it first. Will you end up drawing your own map, and will you enjoy it? Or googling maps and answers, and will you enjoythat? Try it and decide.I hope you make an informed decision, the decision best for you. It's not just ""other people"" who don't enjoy this game. It's a lot of people."
76561198063230454,Recommended,230700,34182083,Posted: 11 August,all,Onion,"Chunky motion.  Momentum stops when walking off ledges.  In a standing jump, momentum only starts at the peak of the jump.  Slight input lag.  These mechanics are workable and not as poor as other games.  Still a disappointment though."
,Recommended,230700,7964467,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jxpt,i dunno i got lostthe music is kind a suck but its probably better then splunky
,Recommended,230700,19304094,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] ----------------------O----------- [Fantastic]
,Recommended,230700,20898221,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mistress Spitfire,"Now, this♥♥♥♥♥♥s the REAL Tomb Raider.Visuals: 9/10 - Stays extremely faithful to the original game while keeping to a crisp pixel-art aesthetic. Everything about each area of the ruins looks vibrant and visually appealing while still keeping to the aesthetic of traversing ancient ruins. Quite a lot of the in-game murals are taken from mythology from certain parts of the world, which makes for a fun learning(?) experience.Gameplay: 9/10 - The game feels smoother and more fair, the Menu layout and Computer Program management is a lot more streamlined and simple to use. There are no 'Cheap Deaths'. The puzzles are not impossible. They actually require some intelligence, and gathered information from the areas you've visited. Don't expect to beat this game in a week, that's for sure. As someone who was guilty of using a walkthrough for the MSX-themed original, coming to the remake with little memory of how to solve each puzzle and working it out by yourself is far more rewarding. Don't give up.Music: 8/10 - The soundtrack remasters each song from the original and brings it straight up to date with the game's more modern theme. Each track uses leitmotifs well, but I can't help but feel that some of the charm and theming of the original tracks is lost here.TL;DR: Miss the days where puzzle note-taking was a necessity? Where puzzles were actually difficult? Miss that old-school feeling of being rewarded for killing a tough boss or taking nearly two hours to solve a single puzzle? Pick this game up, straight away, full price.A fantastic HD remake that fixes many of the issues of the original game, and an absolute must-play in general for any kind of masochist.And don't even think about using a walkthrough.You ♥♥♥♥ing casual."
,Recommended,230700,8829779,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Gheedo,"""La-Mulana""? More like La-ARTIFICIAL DIFFICULTY THE GAME"
,Recommended,230700,11579360,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,could be fun if my autism ever allowed me to play a metroidvania again
,Not Recommended,230700,16444920,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DhaVhe,"Enough!This is an excellent game screwed by the lack of design.Like the idea of senseless backtracking?Do you enjoy wondering around (the whole map) guessing if the floor is false or not?There is a huge difference between Difficult and Senseless. This game is not difficult, it's senseless.In the begining you will find how to progress with clues and doing some exploration, but after a few minutes you won't have a clue, your exploring abilities won't be enough and here comes the worst... you will find your way using a FAQ (truly, there won't be other way). Exploring might be ok if you were rewarded for the time you spend walking and killing, but you won't, moreover you will be wasting items (wich won't be easy to get) and you will be seriously punished for exploring (this will lead to backtracking and LOTS of trial and error). So, it's a contradiction to design a game that forces you to explore and at the end it punish you for that.I bought this game with great expectations but i'm very VERY dissapointed.I think the idea is great but the implementation is awful...Seriously... don't get this game unless you are extremely (and i mean EXTREMELY) patient, commited AND LUCKY otherwise get something else."
,Recommended,230700,29331797,Posted: 17 January,all,Johnny Dollar,Castlevania meets Legends of the Hidden Temple (meets Dark Souls)and then they binge watch every Indiana Jones movie ever (except for Crystal Skull because that♥♥♥♥♥♥was dumb)
,Not Recommended,230700,4605706,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Jaxxxson,"What could have been a good game is marred by the fact it requires a guide to get anywhere in the game.  It's fine to have secrets, but to make the entire game off a premise of needing to know cryptic things is not good.  Beyond that the combat is bland.  Don't waste your cash."
,Recommended,230700,17460999,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thalia,"A game for all skill levels.Not good at games? Go the bulk up route. This game does not strictly require you to fight any bosses until you're roughly 90% done the game. You can get most of the items, including health upgrades, without fighting any bosses. It feels like sequence breaking but it's (usually) completely intended. The bosses all have roughly the same difficulty, meaning you can fight them in whatever order you feel like.Average at games? Play through the normal way. When you're done an area, fight the boss, and move on. None of the bosses are particularly harder than any others, they just take some getting used to.Good at games? Set it to hard mode. More enemies, harder enemies, bosses have more health and do more damage. Accidentally went to hard mode, but can't do it? Don't reset. You can still explore the ruins to get more items, just like you would do during a bulk up run. With enough health, anyone can win."
76561198000318945,Recommended,230700,13651699,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trrcn,MASOCHIST KINGMASOCHIST KINGMASOCHIST KINGMASOCHIST KINGMASOCHIST KINGThe fish takes a flare TO THE FACE.
,Recommended,230700,15035801,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,therapistguy,"The hints aren't even remotely close to the puzzle they refer to half the time, not to mention how cryptic they are.10/10 best game best gameUse a guide"
76561198039707388,Recommended,230700,8451680,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lone Wolf,"There are a lot of glowing review of this game, it doesn't deserve such praise but it is not a bad game, just deeply flawed.The games has a lot of flaws, first and foremost is the fake difficulty in much of the game. Trapdoors into spike (spike cause a lot of damage) and lava, pits with pop up spikes that you can't jump out of, enemies placed at the edge of screens causing you to walk into them when you transition to that screen, ridiculous puzzles you absolutely need a guide to figure out and death traps. These add only unnecessary frustration and don't belong in the game.In the list above I mentioned ridiculous, most puzzles are not ridiculous but later in the game many puzzles get ridiculous but by the second half of the game the get ridiculous. There is one puzzle that requires you to go to a specific pot in an aria you hadn't needed to go in a long while and Mario down it. Another example is getting the grail, you'll need the grail, it is the games form of fast travel but to get the grail you need to walk through a false wall with no indication that it is a false wall. The game does give hints in the form tablets spread around the game and give you a way to save the text from the tablets but you don't know always which tablets have information you need and they are often not near where the puzzle's they are giving hints for are.The game is inconsistent when  it come to controlling the player character (named Lemeza) in the air in the air. If you jump at an angle you have some control, it's not Meat Super Boy level of control but it doesn't need to be,  if Lemeza jumps strait, up you don't have control until Lemeza reaches the pick of the jump and starts falling, then you gain some control during his decent, but if Lemeza walks off a ledge and falls you have no control until Lemeza hits the ground. This may seem minor to some but it causes a lot of problems in many parts of the game. As I've said the game doesn't need Meat Boy level of control but consistent control would have been a lot better.Thirdly is the music. The music is good but it eventually becomes highly irritation. After hearing the music for many hours it becomes grating. Again the music isn't bad and if the music is available for purchase I would recommend buying it but it's like a song that out stays its welcome and it's only like that because of how many hours I've played the game.Over all it is a good but very flawed games. I've put about 60 hours into it and I can't argue against that so I recommend it but I suggest you don't play past the middle of the game."
76561198024477913,Recommended,230700,9392505,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,A Spicy Boy,Really old. 0/10
,Not Recommended,230700,19224268,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,KingSigy,"Do you remember back in the NES days when games were hard as hell? Making progress from one level to the next was a monumental task. You couldn't just sit down, turn your mind off and breeze through any task; games required you to memorize and adapt. It made even the most awesome of ideas sometimes horrid.La-Mulana harkens back to that exact idea. If the game isn't kicking your♥♥♥♥♥ you must be Jesus. While I appreciate a game that doesn't hand hold me, I'm torn on exactly how La-Mulana goes about torturing the player. Sometimes, it can feel really unfair; other times, your objective is clouded in obscurity that nearly necessitates a guide.The basic breakdown of the game is akin to Super Metroid or any more recent Castlevania. You explore dungeons on a 2-D plane, acquire weapons that will help in different rooms and proceed to tackle bosses and enemies as they come to you. It's all about exploration, puzzle solving and some tight jumps.The difficulty comes from a lot of cheap tactics and some staggering hits from your foes. The developers philosophy was that a normal person placed in a hidden cavern wouldn't have the know how to get out. You normally wouldn't jump down a black hole and expect to land softly.That does make sense, realistically, but it kind of hurts the game in some parts. Puzzles end up following their own logic and you often are required to walk through hazards to make any progress. It can lead to you being unsure, backtracking a lot to find some different route and then giving up and just saying, ""♥♥♥♥ it!""It's cool to see a cavern designed in a way that should facilitate logical thinking, but to hide so many core solutions behind layers of riddles and abstract thought stinks. I just want to be able to evaluate the situation and move on, not have to constantly refer to a guide to figure out what I'm doing.The game makes up for this with extremely tight controls and some incredible music and graphics. The artwork comes to life in all it's 32-bit glory. The soundtrack is immediately nostalgic while being modern and energetic. The boss fights are intimidating and demand you to master your skillsets.It makes for some climactic and exhilirating encounters, but getting to those points is often frustrating beyond reason. That I somehow managed to finish the game in around 20 hours is a testament to how determined I was, but most players won't have that resolve.La-Mulana asks a tremendous amount from you. You are only going to get from it what you put it. Nothing about the game will coddle you until you succeed. If you cannot adapt, you will fail; time and time again.So while I think the game is good, I can't recommend it to a lot of people. It's just going to put off more casual players or gamers who like not relying on walkthroughs. If you can muster up the courage for the challenge, it's definitely a worthwhile investment.7.5/10"
,Recommended,230700,32795007,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Great game.
,Recommended,230700,33891214,Posted: 29 July,all,Bee O'Problem,It's La-Mulana. If you don't know why this game is amazing you've been living under a rock.Note of warning: the puzzles in this game can get very hard and obscure. It's super satisfying to solve them on your own but resorting to an FAQ or walkthrough to get past the hardest of them might be needed.
76561198052479292,Recommended,230700,33446163,Posted: 10 July,all,JoaoGS,"A great metroidvania, with an incredible soundtrack, interesting (and difficult) puzzles, loads of backtracking (good thing in this genre), great visuals, and very good level design, with incredibly frustraing enemy placement, being the perfect remake for the 2005 MSX-like original version.11/10 would fail one-time-only puzzles again"
,Not Recommended,230700,8480868,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Henk Koffin,"This is not a suggestion, this is a WARNING.W A R N I N GIf you want to have fun, DO NOT buy this game, because, as the authors themselves say, this game was programmed to be as difficult as possible, and I would add unfair and cryptic to death.Aside of this monstrous difficulty, it's has some good aspects like the ancient cults, temples and other cool stuff. So, if you want to suffer the hell punishments and swear until you tongue starts to bleed, I suggest you to FOLLOW THIS GUY here:http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcUXZE57bFfDm64nb9mLTeiSfDrncyZtsI managed to finish the game only thanks to him.Do whatever he does ( without asking questions ) and maybe you might even finish the game in less than 10 hours (instead of more than 250)."
,Not Recommended,230700,14845973,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,gecimen,"If the controls didn't suck, I might have thought otherwise but a platformer with these controls won't work."
,Recommended,230700,31053873,Posted: 9 April,all,Crud Bonemeal,I like how the negative reviews are all people that were too dumb to figure out a puzzle and got mad about it.
,Recommended,230700,7948855,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,mudjoe2,99.9% concentrated artificial difficultyand i ♥♥♥♥ing adored every second of artery clogging it induced
,Recommended,230700,23372192,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Recommended,230700,8202064,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hank,This game is not fun unless you hate fun.  Then it's pretty fun.
76561197997682713,Not Recommended,230700,8420819,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,vulvamax,The game looks interesting but:The leveldesign is very bad and the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥(really).
76561198054506788,Not Recommended,230700,15694346,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Devin,"As much as I was hoping to like this game, I cannot recommend it.This game has many objects and items with no information about what they actually do.Even worse, it has traps with no visible signs, apparently expecting you to die to each one in turn until you know where they all are.It's not really a game about exploration, it's a game about trial and error. And that's just not very fun."
76561198120413565,Not Recommended,230700,8823763,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Aurylus,"The game started out very fun until the first boss... in my opionion he was way to hard to be the first boss and there are no checkpoints....... so yea, The game is fun but i still cannot beat the first boss after i tried for 20 min. So i thought it was very hard but fun until it got hard.4/10"
,Recommended,230700,22435700,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ћ Rob Zombie,"This is the game that started the whole ""It's like Dark Souls"" trend meme despite it's original freeware version existing years before Demon Souls even."
76561197991201682,Recommended,230700,14749067,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Delighted Opossum,Mi amore
76561197996524160,Not Recommended,230700,13084973,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,This is cr4p. People say it's hard but only because you will circle around until you eventually die.If there weren't dozens of fun games waiting to be played circling around in la mulana forever would actually be great.The FUN vs TIME SUNK ratio is just horribly low.
,Not Recommended,230700,8805623,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,See Dub,"Game mechanics are suprisingly bad.  I'm not a fan of platformers that hold your momentum when jumping, but they could at least keep it consistent.  Once you jump, you hold the momentum of the direction you were moving, but if you run off a cliff you fall straight down instantly like you hit a wall.This game isn't worth the money when I bought it on sale, and it definitely won't be at full price."
,Not Recommended,230700,8212604,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,psy^,"if you can get into the retro charm of this game its bound to please, but honestly there a lot of similar titles that do the same thing better.annoying enemies, clunky controls, and cliche chip tune sound effects combine to irritate, rather than captivate.not worth it on sale, especially not worth full price.instead look at spelunky, blood of the wolf, stealth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deluxe, or mark of the ninja for interesting, fun, modern indie platformers."
,Not Recommended,230700,8606207,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,KeningRedbad,"La-Mulana is a metroidvania style platformer. The game looks good. Like old 16 bit games. Although the characters and enemies look a bit uninspired. When you start playing you immediately are reminded about Castlevania 2, not only because of it's clunky controls and that you also have a whip. But like Castlevania 2 the puzzles are confusing and enemies respawn if you revisit an area. While the clunky controls worked for the linear Castevania's in a metroidvania like La-Mulana it's rather annoying. But at least there isn't a day night cyclus like in Castlevania 2.So if you expect to pick up and play and play it. You going to have a bad time. Mainly because of the controls and puzzles you need to really invest some time to get into it. If you can overcome this the game will be fun. This game is just not for everyone."
76561198045703872,Not Recommended,230700,8804134,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Vella,Bought this on a whim as it had a feel of old school snes. It is horrible the controls make it unplayable it only recognizes one button at a time and they are VERY clunky. I do not recommend this even for 1.49.
76561197980389069,Not Recommended,230700,8813437,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,chessasaur,"At a buck and a half, I can't get too upset at this game. If I'd paid full price, I'd feel really ripped off! This game is unnecessarily brutal - which is a shame because there are obviously some exceptionally gorgeous platforming to be had here, but only for very dedicated gamers with fast reflexes."
,Not Recommended,230700,8820485,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,CurlehMoustache,"The jump mechanics are awful, the puzzles are obtuse and information given to the player is non-existant ingame.A walkthrough will be needed if you can get through these faults, I couldn't.♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,230700,8825754,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Gentle,"The graphics are lacking, even in HD, The controls are awkward, and the fluidity is horrid. Apparently some people believe this game is great, but my experience with it turned me off to it in the first 15 minutes."
,Not Recommended,230700,8810752,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Megacephalic,"Unresponsive controls, unable to control volume of annoying music, unintuitive interfacing with NPC.It looked really good in the store, but upon playing it I felt instant dislike."
,Not Recommended,230700,8809385,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Roland Gridley,"Frustratingly clunky movement. This game is great, if you like sludge simulators."
76561198098286120,Not Recommended,230700,8266923,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,scottdottcomm,Unfriendly controls.  This game is in no way distinctly fun or special.
,Not Recommended,230700,8840524,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Crimson Scream,Бестолковое♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,230700,8928021,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Foolishuman,Awful controls.
,Not Recommended,230700,9123854,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Lt. Labcoat,"It's... er... it SHOULD be good, but...Honestly, I'll just say this: the save/healing system ruined this for me. It's the kind of system where you can only save at infrequent checkpoints... but where you're solving puzzles. As in, if you die after doing a few puzzles, you lose all progress in them since you last went back to a checkpoint. I stopped playing the moment I lost 20 minutes of progress from getting insta-killed by a trap.Additionally, to heal, you have to warp to the surface, go a half-dozen screens left to a very-easily-missable pool, wait a while, then warp to a checkpoint. It's the most roundabout way of just healing at checkpoints there is.Basically, it should be a good game, but I absolutely cannot stand time-wasting mechanics like those in a modern game."
,Recommended,230700,23925301,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,stinky dinky,developed  by nigro
76561197968536634,Not Recommended,230700,8804546,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Deftinwolf,"Based on the other reviews, I don't doubt that this game has a lot to offer. But I personally could not make it past the first 10 minutes of gameplay due to the awful, unresponsive, floaty controls. This plays like a vintage retro platformer in the worst possible ways - bad controls and enemies that infinitely respawn the moment you leave the screen. For me, that's a deal-breaker."
,Not Recommended,230700,20719542,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,soljin,Controls are miserable.
,Not Recommended,230700,21531295,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Usually Blue,"+ Nostalgic feel, fun exploration.- Senseless (Read: Impossible) puzzles, poor controls, broken/buggy mechanics."
,Not Recommended,230700,8474051,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LinkinPrime,"Terrible, unfriendly, controls are awkward. Wish I could get a refund."
,Recommended,230700,8979582,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,fsoting,it is bad game today i jump and hit bat but bat invincible and i take damage and go back to other screen wtf
,Not Recommended,230700,9123851,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kazu,"This game has failed to impress me,Its a slow paced side scroller game which makes you rage everytime you get hit by something, it forces you back into what you tried to get out of, worst of all it has no story and the art style is pretty bad, worst than Strider 1(even though it was an amazing game back in the day) i'd only reccomend this game to indiana jones 4 fanboys as it is terrible and not worth investing timewith that being said i give it 2½/10"
,Not Recommended,230700,13580017,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ISKH,Movement in this game is like from most of AVGN games. Ruins whole gaming experience.
,Not Recommended,230700,17911063,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,"Neil ""The Grass"" Tyson","Terrible game. Barebones backstory. Horrible UI. No tutorial. Terrible controls. Boring gameplay. Terrible graphics, but I wouldn't have said so if the rest of the game wasn't so god-awful. I can't believe I wasted 15 dollars on what amounts to an utter pile of defacation upon the Metroidvania genre. There are thousands of games on steam, the vast majority of which provide a much more rewarding experience. Check out Hammerfight, it's loads of fun and cheaper too. Under no circumstances do I recommend this game to anyone, except perhaps a mortal enemy. I REGRETTED BUYING THIS GAME AND YOU MOST LIKELY WILL TOO. NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198009278251,Not Recommended,230700,20780706,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRevrockrock,I couldn't get into this game.It has exteme potential.  You can't go wrong with ancient ruins raiding.  Indiana Jones stuff.Everything is right about this game.And the gameplay is soooo bad!Like why?  Did you have to do it like this?  It reminds me of the first Prince of Persia.The FIRST Prince of Persia.  Commodore 64.  Ya.  I was like 8 years old playing that.Now it's 2015 and they just published a game that has the same restricted movement on purpose.It doesn't make it fun.  Just annoying.  Forget it.  Stupid game.
,Not Recommended,230700,13820183,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Meow,"Simply put, this is a game about exploration that will punish you for exploring. There are many ""kaizo-traps"", essentially traps where your only escape is death/game-overing, and that's just no good. I'm not sure if there's a way to heal other than gathering....uh, exp and leveling up? If that's leveling up, nothing seems to change when you get a full bar of green exp, you just heal. Again, may just be me and I may be missing something.But what I'm not missing is being sucker-punched by every effort to explore around. So, if you want a game that likes to make you suffer, don't get this, there's countless other masochistic games on the web for free, such as ""I want to be the guy: The Movie: The Game Beta"". And if you just want a challenging platformer, there's ""You have to win the game"" on steam for FREE, and if you MUST pay, I can suggest VVVVVV because it's got some interesting quirks to it. But not this. This was a waste of time and is the only game of my steam library that I out-right wish I could request my money back on."
,Not Recommended,230700,8238521,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,[O],why does this game have stupid controls
,Recommended,230700,31645011,Posted: 9 May,all,Pixelfetish,"5 Words which describe La-Mulana:Perfect, Masterpiece, Challenging, Retro, ♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10."
76561198003574243,Not Recommended,230700,12295109,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,大牛,"A Metroidvania style game, that didn't quite do it for me. The controls were a little to clunky for me to want to delve to deeply into this game."
,Not Recommended,230700,8801117,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Travis the Moonstar,"It sucks.Edit:That was too simple I suppose, though I still stand by that statement.  Here's an actual review:This is going to sound really bad, but...It's too hard.It's a throwback to the nes days where you weren't given a manual most of the time because people threw the boxes to their games away, and even if you got a manual it wasn't very useful for most games.This game is linear with a mostly set path, but you are given very little aid in finding it.  This game can be beaten very fast if you go through a what-to-do checklist from a site like gamefaqs, but people say that this is a terrible idea as it ruins the fun of the game.That's right, most people will tell you that the fun of this game, which is a side-scrolling platformer, does not come from gameplay mechanics and interesting fights, but instead from working against the attrition you suffer while trying to find where to go.  The gameplay is fairly solid, but even the most seasoned player will take damage as they work through figuring out what to do.  This would be fine if the game didn't have two very unnecessary punishment elements to it:Healing is difficult.When you die, you die.  Progress lost.As I stated earlier, this is a throwback to the NES era of games, but I don't think it's a good thing.  The 80's were 30 years ago; We've advanced in technology.  A game doesn't need to be extended by punishing mechanics anymore.  Not many people have the time to just say ""oh, I died into a dungeon I couldn't survive because I wasn't supposed to come here yet.  I didn't need that 30 minutes anyways.""  Punishing exploration is a good way to dissuade people from wanting to explore.Think about whether you think a game should be punishing at all anyways.  Does it make it more fun?  Is it fun to get so angry that you want to snap your controller in half because you just lost an hour because of some spikes or from falling into a pit of water?Somewhere in La Mulana there is a good game with great mechanics and an interesting environment/story to explore.  I just don't like that it's buried beneath a bunch of design decsions that make the game hard for the sake of being hard."
,Not Recommended,230700,11162172,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LIQUID!!!,"I loved this game at first.  But after I spent some more time with it (time counter isn't wholly accurate, spent a good deal of time playing on a friend's account), that view has changed a good deal.  This game... can be fun.  Its got some cool Indiana Jones-esque elements, good puzzles, and interesting enviroments and boss design.  That's all well and good.  But... the game bills itself as challenging.  I don't agree.  Its hard.  Not Dark Souls hard; not challenging in a way that drives you to want to win, to want to beat the next boss and the next and eventually the game.  Its frustratingly hard.  Unfun hard.  This becomes ESPECIALLY apparent in alot of the boss fights.  First of all, give the arenas a little bit of thought!  The second boss' arena is two platfroms and a ladder.  The first?  A series of floating platforms placed above of each other.  The third?  A minecart run over tracks of varying heights against a boss who you can only damage by hitting his head.  First three bosses weak points are all the head.  Also, this game, particularly in the boss fights, has some of the worst hitboxes I have seen in a videogame.  We're talking Dark Souls 2 bad.The game itself doesn't even know what its doing half the time.  For example, sometimes the fireballs on the third boss will do 8 damage, other times 12?  Sometimes you'll get hit by his charge, other times the exact same thing wil happen, the exact same attack, the exact same point of contact between the PC and the boss, and nothing will happen.Also noob traps.  SO MANY NOOB TRAPS.Doesn't rate a buy, and CERTAINLY not at $15.00."
,Not Recommended,230700,8833115,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mildy Disgruntled Max,"Haha, hope you like guides - you'll be reading them."
,Not Recommended,230700,11621884,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,crazybunta,"La-Mulana is an unfortunate game in that the music, design and concept are great, but requiring you to use a walkthrough to play a game is just ridiculous in this day and age.  People complain about games like Simon's Quest requiring you to use a guide to get through, but that was due to horrible localization.  If translated correctly, you could play through the game without the use of a guide.  I am not going to resort to a walkthrough or video guide in order to play this.  Just going to throw in the towel and accept that the money is gone.  I read previous reviews that stated that the game was a challenge, but when I hear the word challenge, I think of difficulty as in smart AI, brutal levels, etc.  This game is not challenging, it's uninformative.  It just refuses to tell you how to play or what to do.  That's just not fun to me."
,Not Recommended,230700,8862927,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,knifepunch,"This game feels slow and unplayable. I hear rumors that the devs meant to have the sluggish controls but it's 2014 and there is no reason it should feel that way. I played it for about a whole 40 seconds before I gave up and Googled a solution to a possible bug and found out it's ""Just made that way"" so I urge you all that if you want to not waste your money on a lazy programmed game, don't buy this game."
76561198120452320,Not Recommended,230700,8908907,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ORIBAT,To bad
,Recommended,230700,30258167,Posted: 1 March,all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,"There's some real BS puzzles, just use a damn guide.Oh, and the controls are horrid."
,Not Recommended,230700,10676140,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,OmniRemix,"I like this game... but I don't think I can recommend it to most people. It's the most obtuse, intentionally confusing, and ruthless pixel adventure game I've played, and I've played a lot of them. That being said, the art and music are gorgeous and the design feels old-school in all the right ways.But when I've got to spend hours just trying to figure out how to end the second level, before finally succumbing to a walkthrough and STILL being lost, that's just bad design. There's nintendo hard, and then apparently there's MSX hard.If you're a hardcore gamer who likes platformers and has already beaten Cave Story, I'd suggest it. But to anyone else, I'd say wait until the sequel."
76561198019550477,Not Recommended,230700,10917902,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rarzor,Do not think you can beat this game without using a walkthrough.  I watched a speed run of this on SGDQ and so much of it was abusing invincibility frames :(
,Not Recommended,230700,12016904,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RCC97,"A very hard and confusing game, I never really understood it so I gave up after a while. Highly unforgiving. If you die, just start the whole game from the start!"
76561198002187847,Not Recommended,230700,8208965,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,deBaron,"A nostalgic game with great possibilities, I fail to see as much enjoyability in the gameplay. The game is too hard, elusive, and the physics are sub-par.GAMEPLAYWhen jumping, you are constricted from free movement till the apex of the jump, making it partially more realistic but still not physically accurate. Why not just have it be the old-fashioned method as seen in SNES Mario games where you can move freely in the jump? Also, when you are hit, you are stunned - you fall stories from a ladder, to land at the bottom. You can not course-correct if you've been hit off an edge or a ladder. This means if there's an enemy guarding the ladder, it's a frustrating and idiotic obstacle. And you cannot jump onto a ladder, or drop from a ladder to save time.Also, where you are supposed to in the game, what exactly an item does, etc., is too subtle. Some of the humor is cute, some of it detracts from the immersive world. It is too easy to die between saves, so I will have to get into the habit if playing more carefully and saving at save stations often. No quicksive in the game, as far as I can see.AUDIOThe music is nice, but lacks in bass and is too repetitive. Why not something more like the gems of music in Final Fantasy 6?GRAPHICSAnd one final issue: the game seems to be of the old, pixelated fashion. SNES was not designed this way for kicks, but for limiations. They did a great job on the graphics back in the day, and it worked for common TV screens. These days, we have large resolution screens with games of high potential, like La-Mulana, which fall short not only in stilted gameplay but with limited, 8-bit graphic stylization. If most gamers have a large resolution screen in 2013, the sprites should be created at a high, standard resolution (think 1920x1200,) and then downscaled to a measely 800x600, which is the standard this PC game is designed at.Lovely game, high potential, but the controls do not give you that fluid upper-hand you'd expect for a challenging retro game. Give us proper physics, and you'll have a much better game."
76561197994292646,Not Recommended,230700,8801115,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,strugatzki,"I didn't play long, but controls were annoying me that much that I had to stop. I really like insanly hard games as eg smb, but this I didn't like. It's behaving like a really bad and cheap NES game back in the days.I was glad that I bought it during on sale."
,Not Recommended,230700,11645095,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Waz,Unplayable on Win7 64.
,Not Recommended,230700,8871232,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sloaf,This game is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics look like something that came out of an♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's design is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198059357617,Not Recommended,230700,14875155,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rapidraccoon808,"So rage inducing it led me to breaking my headset...At first this was a fun addicting game until I reached a point where I could not continue, came to find out the game boosted my difficulty to hard because a sign in the Mausoleum of Giants turns your game into hard mode if you read it, there is no warning other than looking up a guide and even worse it cannot be undone. Being how far I got I cannot undo anything and now the bosses one hit kill me. My headset broke during a boss battle where you had to get hurt to kill the boss which cannot be done with hard difficulty. Putting crap like that in a game should not be allowed especially when there is no forewarning of it without a guide.It's sad to because I really enjoyedthe game other than that for it's puzzles, metroidvania gameplay, interesting plot, and wonderful theme. So if you came to buy a game with all of this I recomend you search for the original."
76561198049054008,Not Recommended,230700,8640927,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,windwhispers,"Save your money...this one isn't worth it.  It's like a bad NES game...complete with bad jump arcs/controls, and an artificial difficulty level that is more frustrating than actually challenging or fun."
,Recommended,230700,8011966,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Venimex,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥wtf am i doing yoo the musics awsome ♥♥♥♥ i got killed by snake yoo why oh♥♥♥♥♥♥a hawk
,Not Recommended,230700,15498187,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,genoforprez,"+Great metroidvania elements+Huge explorable temple labyrinth with lots of secrets+Weapons/upgrades/shops+Bosses+Puzzles-Abnormal, counter-intuitive jump physics (simulating an old system doesn't excuse it for me)-Lots of cheap ""joke"" deaths (e.g., a switch that appears to open a door but is an instant death trap. HILARIOUS.)-""Puzzles"" can be a matter of accidentally stumbling onto some secret gimmick rather than figuring out a presented problem.-Have I mentioned the positively awful jump physics?There is a good game in here if you're a veteran of its particular flavor of old school jankiness and are fine with all of the modern gameplay lessons it proudly refuses to adhere to. Otherwise, you're going to have to tolerate a lot of petty annoyances for this one.This game is soooo close to exactly what I want, but damn. Just misses the mark."
,Recommended,230700,1660832,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Vapor Dosh,"I played this before it came on Steam and it's is my personal favorite game of 2012. No ifs, no buts, this is a must-have position in your game collection."
76561198131092770,Recommended,230700,12581250,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,assface,awesome
,Not Recommended,230700,13174672,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,*qtYami,"-controls are rather odd, sometimes unresponsive.-really clunky and poor GUI design.would not recommend this at all.would rather play a good SNES game."
,Not Recommended,230700,8834726,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"Baron Bacon V, phd.","What the ♥♥♥♥?!!I am ok with a difficult game (I love Spelunky, Binding of Issac, and Super Meat Boy), but in order for it to be any good, it has to be FAIR. 3/10+I am a sucker for the retro art style+amusing diologue-some of the worst jumping I have ever seen (IN A PLATFORMER)-enemies respawn every time you leave the frame (making enemies with knockback a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ LOOK AT THOSE BLACK BARS!!!!may not have put very much time into this, but I didn't need much time to get a verdict"
,Recommended,230700,8357402,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cute Anime Girl,Just like one of my marios.
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,230700,13608353,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,is this a gameboy port or something? it sure feels like one.
76561198103046019,Not Recommended,230700,11684665,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,steelshield1,"Two words.....COMPLETE GARBAGE!! I cannot nor will I in my honesty recommend this rubbish to anyone. I now seem to recall seeing this game as a physical product in the cheap bin at a local store. Even then from what I could recall the package looked horrible.Steam needs to refrain from allowing these heaps of STEAMING trash from market release and the time of day. They are horrible examples of what devs should NOT do when developing games.Lamulana is a prime example of things gone ary in game creation. Teh graphics, the controls and the sounds are absolutely horrible and I cannot fathom who it is recommending this garbage!! It controls like it's  handicaapped. It looks like a blurry mess and in this is exactely what NOT to do with graphic design and animation. The music is a horrible throwback and serves only to aggrivate the heck out of a player.Steam please stop offering these kind of games on the market pages. We as dedicated customers and players deserve protection from atrocities like this!!Games like this trully need to go the way of the dodo bird and cease to exist and be banished from all sight, sound and experience.""I literally have a bad taste in my mouth from LA mulana that i feel like La PUKING!!!!Glad I only spent a couple dollars on this waste.........to all the reviewers reading this do yourself a great favor and avoid this game liek a plague and STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME I WARN YOU!!!! Do not listen to the positive reviews; even in the early 90's LA mulana would of been regarded as crap!!!I normally wouldn't write a review like this, but I hope in my effort I can save some buyers from buyers remorse."
,Not Recommended,230700,7825432,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,n00br,IMO it could use some tweaking/fine tuning however some people swear by this game exactly the way it is.. not me though I could barely play for 5 minutes without cringing.
,Not Recommended,230700,8800161,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,KravenMoorhead,"Overall Score: 1/10Pros: Game looks cool if it was playable.Cons: This game does not have HD graphics which is the current gaming standard. The game even looks bat at 800x600 windowed mode. If you run it full screen it looks pixelated and blurry. No matter how you try to adjust the filter, stretched etc the game looks like crap. This game was supposed to be a remake but the DEVs failed to think that people actually want play this game on a digital monitor and not an analog TV. Here is a screen shot showing the blurred edges. Be sure to view the image as full screen.http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/794059098551139897/D8E8AEA73C92F014837438D4F460EF7020157B97/This is a shame as I am a lover of retro graphics. Luckily, I got this back on sale when it was 90% otherwise I would have felt scammed. Look at VVVVVVhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/70300/an you will see that the game grapgivs are very old school. However, at full screen it doesn’t look blurry or hurt your eyes when trying to play. Do not buy this game until they come out with an HD pack."
,Not Recommended,230700,7755736,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ultraviper,Unplayable controls. Movements easily lag a half second behind inputs. In midair it's even worse. Can't jump onto OR off of ladders. Can only attack directly in front of you. I'm all for difficult games but not when the difficulty stems from not being able to move your character properly.
76561198203073683,Not Recommended,230700,30891319,Posted: 1 April,all,lukehampton04,"**I already know this review will get a lot of ""not helpful"" hits. But as an old-school gamer looking for innovative Metroidvania style games, I do not recommend this game**Exploration? No. This is NOT a game that delivers on NES/SNES nostalgia. This is a game that was created for folks brought up in the 'walkthrough' era of gaming. There is no rhythm or mystique in the gameplay and level design, but rather a series of arbitrary 'locks' to manipulate in order to advance.I do like the controls, however, and I believe in more capable hands this game could justifiably be an Overwhelmingly Positive recommended game. I just wish there was more consideration for folks who appreciate good level design vs. obtuse ""puzzles"" (sorry, but activiating random weight spots isn't so much solving puzzles as it is throwing feces at a wall to see what sticks). Honestly, a better title would have been La-Arbitrair: Backtrack Hell."
,Not Recommended,230700,31186243,Posted: 16 April,all,Legendary Neurotoxin,"So I finally tried it today. Nope. I love the attempt and there's good things about it, but the bad stuff really drives me away. Ultimately it feel like an NES game that was intentionally designed without visual cues and other visual narrative/storytelling to make users call the help hotline for advice on how to advance.Allow me to itemize my grievances so future generations can develop games which don't have these issues:- Up or down? I managed to figure out Down to apply a weight, and to use the save, but doors are UP instead. I had to watch someone play to see that doors were even thing. I stood in front of one and pressed every key multiple times, but apparently I wan't lined up enough with the door, so I spent the first 30 minutes killing snakes and birds wondering when I get the power to hit those cracked broken button things.- Wait WTF? There's far too many puzzles where you are lucky to stumble upon the answer, and otherwise just kinda need to throw youself at every surface of every screen to figure them out.- Progression? I though every ""level-up"" was increasing my health, but after getting the Blue Orb my health stayed as 64. Is it not a level up, and the green pips are just an intermittent healing system?- After I quit and uninstalled, I saw a speedrunner using an item to teleport netween saves. Not sure how to do that or where to get that, but it would explain why there's so many critical path failures that result in the inability to otherwise continue.- The controls could be stiffer, but it would be hard to pull off without making the game wholly unplayable. Jump straight up and fall with control OR jump at an angle and maybe try to slow your horizontal speed. No air-grabbing ladders either, which is constantly reinforced by one lil crapling assigned to knock you off that ladder 100% of the time (like the first waterfall fish and the middle ladder).I'll admit that I had to look up the breakable ice when I played SotN the first time, it was the only thing that wasn't obvious, and there wasn't a good element that would force players to discover it anyway (like some big ""break me"" cracks). But that was it for SotN, everything else I was able to figure out with ease and a bit of back-and-forth. By contrast, La-Mulana is pretty much designed around fake difficulty with the use of layers of convoluted nonsense puzzles.As a result, I'd say this is not worth your $15. My advice is to get an actual Castlevania game, a good metroidvania like Guacamelee, or even a so-so one like Dex, or just wait for Chasm to come through with procedural metroidvania awesomeness."
,Not Recommended,230700,9213536,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ll,controls feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemies are♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is generally annoying as ♥♥♥♥ and makes me mad
,Not Recommended,230700,34175673,Posted: 11 August,all,FunkeeDiabetik,"I really wanted to like this game because I enjoyed the graphical style. It's not very clear where you can walk/jump, the level design was not for me, it wasn't very intuitive. Also the flying enemies felt like they would take cheap shots at me and would lead to many cheap deaths...I'd rather play Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,230700,8563195,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"La-crap-lana.Junk game... makes no sense, is confusing without a walkthrough and just an overall obnoxious mess of random rooms and pitfalls with cryptic puzzles...I don't want to have to set up dual monitors with a wiki page open in order to finish the game... thanks but I'll pass."
,Not Recommended,230700,30873202,Posted: 1 April,all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"23 minutes in and I just don't care anymore.  I respect their dedication to recreating a SNES-era game, but I don't appreciate it in the slightest.  I spent the first 10-15 minutes wondering where the hell to go before realizing I could press up to enter a specific tent that you start near with a red stick at the top instead of a brown one.  I figured I would just go to the right or left and get some direction, but it was just endless confusion.  Nothing is explained, no direction is given.  Walls and platforms that looked like background were real, and occasionally vice versa.  The UI doesn't explain anything and is filled with vague lines and who knows what else.  And that's before going into the controls and mechanics I very much dislike.There are no soft platforms, as in you cannot go up through any platform, and the only air control you get is on the way DOWN from a jump.  If you don't jump off of a platform, you fall straight down with no control.  You don't move very quickly.  You can't grab ladders while jumping.  There's also that awful, awful knockback from getting hit, and you can get bumped to the next screen which has to do its scroll animation from doing so, and given your short ranged melee attack getting hit isn't uncommon.Once I started actually progressing after that short and dumb dialogue, my ""tutorial"" text is introduced through annoying beeping messages I have to go into my pause menu to get to, crowded by garbage flavor text.  Once I got into the ruins, the only thing waiting for me was more monotony, more confusion, and still absolutely zero direction.  Not even a hint.  Just rooms filled with random platforms, enemies, and traps, each room leading to more rooms, some dead ends, and nothing remarkable.  Where do I go?  How do I progress?  Do I care anymore?The music sounded nice at least, if far too energetic for what I was doing.  The graphics themselves are very evocative of the 16-bit generation, even though it bugged me that the resolution was limited to a square.  Again, it seems they set out to almost replicate a game from back then, but nearly every design decision worked against me to the point where I was frustrated and turned off in a very short order.  If you're going to copy a videogame from 1994, pick a good one."
,Not Recommended,230700,12578939,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,rgk,"Bad air control, slow/clunky movement. I cannot play that game, I need reactive controls to enjoy moving in a virtual world. Especially in a Metroidvania.No matter if the rest of the game is any good or not, if the character is not answering exactly to my command I have no further desire to inflict that annoyance on myself."
76561198062711789,Not Recommended,230700,24901721,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nazara,"this game wont let you leave, what i mean by that is i cant even close the game even with task manager"
,Not Recommended,230700,286914,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Crispy Tacos,"No idea what the Hell I was supposed to do in this game, and then I died.At least it was only $3, I guess."
76561198017436910,Not Recommended,230700,12628337,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chilltronic,"I had really high hopes for this game.  Unfortunately, it plays like Castlevania 2 from NES:  there is nothing to tell you what you're supposed to be doing whatsoever.  I enjoy figuring things out on my own to some extent, but this game just feels completely aimless.  The gameplay is clunky, the art isn't that great, and the presentation is very subpar.  I wrote ""the presentation is that of a 1993 3.5"" floppy disk PC game,"" but then I realized Doom had a far superior presentation, and I originally played Doom on a 3.5"" floppy, so yeah."
,Not Recommended,230700,8034643,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,AbsolutHysteria,"Lol not my type of thing. Too complicated, and sometimes NOTHING IS EXPLAINED. This might be great for you, however not people that like quick and easy fun."
,Not Recommended,230700,20463533,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"If you're planning on making a game, definitely play this game.The only thing it's missing from the list of bad design is an escord quest.  A case study in this game could produce almost everything you need to make a good game simply by negation."
76561197960277861,Not Recommended,230700,7757477,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[STA] Cheeto,"20% of this game is pure fun. 40% of this game is acceptable, 30% is bad, and 10% is just infuriating. Save your money and buy something like Fez instead. Unless you have more then 40 spare hours to burn, or no problems consulting a wiki for lots of the bad parts."
,Not Recommended,230700,25475557,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,alrecenk,"The controls are clunky, it's unclear how to perform basic actions without a guide, and the game crashes when I tab out to look up every minute detail of things that should be obvious. That's about it. I didn't play enough to comment on the story or puzzles, so if awkward NES game controls and obtuse mechanics don't turn you off feel free to ignore my review. Personally, I don't have time for games that don't want to be played."
,Not Recommended,230700,26694319,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,-4k MMR,Nope
,Not Recommended,230700,31730411,Posted: 13 May,all,Run & Gun,"Utter,♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198087077872,Not Recommended,230700,32345687,Posted: 11 June,all,Pappagiorgio,"""We have not suceeded[sic] as indies[sic] game developer"".This is a straight quote from the game's manual, it speaks for itself. I'm also posting a screenshot I took earlier showing how I am effectively trapped, with no way out whatsoever, after almost 5 hours of play. This is a sugar coated PC release of Super Pitfall.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=944565928I came here for yes, challenging and even cryptic tomb raiding, and puzzle galore. I came looking for platforming spelunking without the dumb Casper's Spooky the Tuff Little Ghost-esque apparition that ruins that other game for me. The controls here are acceptable too, for what it is and tries to be, there were and are worse, that's not really a problem. What's completely unnacceptable, in any way, shape or form is dreadful, game breaking level design. And La Mulana offers plenty of it, and anyone can and will encounter it over the course of the game, especially after running out of weights, necessary to open doors that close again once you leave the screen, another dreadful design choice, one after another.AVGN' review of Super Pitfall holds up really well for this game, too bad the game itsef doesn't hold up to a decent levelhttps://youtu.be/FJEXpsDB2XQ"
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,230700,31941854,Posted: 24 May,all,Rickityr3kt,"Non-full screen, old school snes/nes controlled metroidvania. Hell took the book from metroid with the infinite respawn panel by panel loading approach. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,230700,29710197,Posted: 4 February,all,AeroCross,I have no idea and I will never understand why people like this game. It is unbearable.
,Not Recommended,230700,33462381,Posted: 11 July,all,TurkeyGoo,"After playing this I can't believe all the hype over this being the 'best Metroidvania' out there. I wouldn't even call it competent. Crummy music you can't lower, bad combat and jumping controls, everything just feels off. I'm guessing this is mainly popular with people who weren't around to actually play 8-bit when they were out. There's a reason the games industry moved past some of the old standards.If you're looking for a good Metroidvania, get Guacamelee, Shadow Complex or Axiom Verge instead."
76561198135989477,Not Recommended,230700,29528969,Posted: 27 January,all,Invisible Man,Worst 2D platformer I've played in my life.
76561198199427499,Not Recommended,230700,26489774,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,kISS ❤,Over-rated
,Recommended,230700,1321537,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,wynk,Great metroidvania like game with high difficult level and nice puzzles. Very nice sprite graphics and awesome OST.
,Recommended,230700,10778125,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cazana,"It doesn't matter if you are a ♥♥♥♥ing god in video games, you'll feel like a babby in this♥♥♥♥♥♥You will die a lot. I mean, A LOT. A BASKET OF LOTS. WITH MORE DEATHS ON TOP OF ITAt first the game looks like ""oh platform fun like metroid i love it played liek lots of time"" and then you are ""wow i'm dead like really easy this kinda tough i guess"" to the final ""GODDAMMIT I CAN'T STOP DYING MOM I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS ANYMORE""Anyway the game is really fun and not that expensive and kinda big, if you like Metroidvania you should definitely try. SURVIVAL NOT GUARANTEED THOGrade: D (stands for ♥♥♥♥IN' DEATH)"
76561198041774688,Recommended,230700,10728327,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr.Bacon,"Boss game, its basiclay a Metroidvania mixed with indiana jones, so expect alot of traps, definitley fun to play! very much recomended!"
,Recommended,230700,8203370,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bones,"A real romp for fans of old-school NES era games. Be prepared for a real challenge: enemies and traps are harsh and unforgiving, but if you can surmount these, you will find a rewarding metroid/castlevania style game with an intriguing story hidden behind it all."
76561198022412491,Recommended,230700,3421948,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,MightyPinto,"This game is HARD.  There's no handholding, no tutorials, no nothing; just you and your wits (and a trusty laptop).  One wrong move can spell death, or worse, having to start over FROM SCRATCH.  And you know what?  I LOVE it."
,Recommended,230700,8203596,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zalomar,"It's like Myst had an awkward one-night stand with Metroid. Except you die all the time, every time. Get your notebook ready."
,Recommended,230700,8203884,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DJBoo,GG LOUD!
,Recommended,230700,8204399,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Geen,this game is hard as balls
,Recommended,230700,8517949,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DakJ,If you do buy this (Which you should) do not ruin it by using a walkthrough when you get stuck (You will get stuck).
,Recommended,230700,1119682,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,ProfessahLayton,"If you want a game that tests your mettle, this is the game.If you want a game that makes you feel like you're an archeologist, this is the game.If you want a game that gives a 'true' gaming experience, this is the game."
,Recommended,230700,20102,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,The Cloptologist,Think Super Metroid x Dark Souls.
,Recommended,230700,8802357,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,minitsaru,Exceptionally challenging and rewarding 2d platformer. One of my favourites.
76561197985782228,Recommended,230700,8803721,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Positive Touch,EVERYONE BUY THIS GAME JESUS CHRIST JUST DO IT
76561198006938005,Recommended,230700,9952310,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Plow King,Now here is a real Montezuma's Revenge for you. Except this takes Montezuma's original concept and improves upon it ten fold... Everything about this one screams attention to detail. It's only negative is that it's slightly easier than the freeware version. It's up to you to know if this is a good thing or a bad thing.Definitely get it.
76561198117457149,Recommended,230700,10885389,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Breakfast,good stuff!
,Recommended,230700,10910100,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ravenvelith,"This is a wonderful game. It has extreme moments of frustration, raging and keyboard smashing, but it's a challenge. Naramura's devilish traps do their jobs effectively. The story is rich, and the mythology is so well thought out as it unfolds while you play. I can't recommend it enough if you love games with challenging puzzles, tons of items to collect and tough boss fights. And if you don't feel the game itself was hard enough, you can turn on hard mode via a tablet or even take on the daunting challenge of Hell Temple."
76561198006673041,Recommended,230700,10912995,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GreyMASTA,"The Dark Souls of platform-adventure:- Toss shuriken on wall. Get killed by a lightning shot.- Push switch, get crushed by a falling statue's jaw.- Encounter blue dude 2 minutes after starting the game. Die.10/10 would rage again."
,Recommended,230700,11458441,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Daddy,yes. yes. yes.
,Recommended,230700,11280687,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,thevisualboy37,"This game is awesome. I admit, I was a bit skeptical at first because I loved the original version (which was free, by the way), but honestly, almost everything has been improved. The graphics, the controls, everything. My only problem: holly [expletive], is it hard. I'm not a ""hard-core"" gamer, so when a game is as challenging as this, sure I like to find out how to beat the challenge, but a lot of times it just ends up frustrating me. Also, at the time I'm writing this, I haven't even made it past the second boss yet.Which brings me to another GOOD thing about it: it's non-linear. At the moment I'm trying to level up my main weapon and increase my health to hopefully make the second boss WAY easier. Doing so takes me quite off the beaten path, and I love games like that."
76561198115016174,Recommended,230700,11338889,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,visionastral,AWESOME MSX game ;)King's vally + Usas + Maze of Gallious !AWESOME!!
,Recommended,230700,11409453,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos",It's a classic metroidvania (more like the gba castlevanias actually) in the style of ancient south america. Difficulty approaches almost classic NES games. You will die a lot.Pro:Lots of secrets and hidden goodies.Good amount of freedom in exploration.Sometimes funny.A challenge. (for some young players this might be a con)Con:Obscure riddles. (also up for discussion some like that)You should give it a try if you're ok with the above.
76561198101168910,Recommended,230700,11807335,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,junkbarrage,"A bit quirky and made with many mazes designed to send you back to start if you mess up. A frustrating ordeal altogether but its charm, music and sense of humor make it a good game. Patience is a requirement with all the trial and error puzzles. Patience or a walkthrough. Anyone who doesn't mind the ""how could I possibly have known"" difficulty should give this game a try."
,Recommended,230700,11807602,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,naps420,"One of the best Metroidvania games I've ever played! Mixing tough puzzle solving and exploration, you play the part of an Archaelogist who is seeking the ""Secret Treasure of Life"" within the ruins of La-Mulana. Starting with just your whip and wits, you set out on a long journey of crazy traps, monsters everywhere, puzzles that really make you think, and guardian bosses protecting the secret within. Can you find the lost treasure?The game also comes with gamepad support, which makes the game even better if you ask me! Nothing beats playing a platformer with a good'ol controller in hand. My 360 controller works like a charm! The game has a 16-bit retro look to it, a through back to the days of the SNES/Gensis era. The music is great as well and really helps with the atmosphere of the game.If you are a fan of Metroidvania games, puzzles, and enjoy a very tough challenge, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,230700,11798747,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,{{ The Flying CLutchman }},"It's like Spelunky and Prince of Persia (SNES-version) had a baby, and they brought the camera man from Mega Man 2 to show it's awesomeness to you.Fact: This game was released four years (2005) before Spelunky (2009)...La-Mulana just plays in it's own way, sets a great world in which it all happens, with it's own style of narration, and I love this game for it. The game design behind this one is proven to work, yet La-Maluna pulls it off on it's own. Nothing felt uninspired, not well designed, or repetitive. You can really feel someone with a great eye for challenges and design loved the level design of the game. Enemies are cleverly used in them, and the harsh rule of enemies respawning after you leave a room is something to take into account if you need to find your way back. It learns you like DarkSouls does, but it's friendly enough to let you save in between levels quite frequently. Highly recommended if you still need to feed the urge for some retro platforming and a good challenge!"
,Recommended,230700,12168799,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,thehandofkwll,"A modern classic of the old-school 2D action platformer ""metroidvania"" genre.Difficult but rewarding, and unless you have a LOT of time on your hands to solve the many devious riddles in the game, you will need to consult a guide more than a few times to progress.It's also bloody huge, my playtime clocked in at around 30hrs for a first-time playthrough!All in all a magnificent game for those that still remember and appreciate retro gaming and don't get discouraged when challenged."
76561197997530228,Recommended,230700,12171250,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,loliconomics,"This is the true Indiana Jones simulator. Combining exploration, action, platforming and puzzle solving, La-Mulana is a long and hard but truely satisfying game. You will fall prey to fiendish traps. Get obliterated by challenging bosses. Get stuck on arcane puzzles. But overcoming these obstacles is one of the most cathartic experiences in gaming enhanced by a killer soundtrack, gorgeous detialed pixel enviroments and a uniquely told story.While there's a few weird glitches and a few of the puzzles can be a bit unreasonable, it's definitely a worth the price. My best reccomendation is that you try and play the game without external guides other than the Manual and this official beginner video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCjHHALcL2I"
,Recommended,230700,11983420,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ShepherdMonk,"PROS:Nonlinear Metroidvania game with more items than others in the genrePuzzles that require thought and possibly researchIndiana Jones- themeInteresting story based on true ancient mythologyLarge amount of content (30+ hours at least)Great content to price ratioCONS:High difficulty (though high reward)HIT OR MISS:Retro music and graphics, so if you hate looking at SNES games don't look at thisUnless your using a guide, re-exploration is absolutely necessary and occurs oftenNon-boss enemies respawn, so re-exploration may seem more tedious to you_______________________________________________________Of all the games I have recommended on Steam, I may have to say that La-Mulana is among the best.  I only say this because of its price, its content, and my huge bias toward Metroidvania games.  If you are unfamiliar with the Metroidvania genre, it is in general any blend of platformer with upgradeable elements such as equipment or skills.  It is often 2D.La-Mulana surpasses all Metroidvania games I have played in terms of content amount and difficulty.  It has more items, more bosses, more traps, and more puzzles than I have seen in one.  Being in one of my favorite genres makes me like this game even more than usual.TLDR:  Great buy, Must for Metroidvania lovers"
76561197999427672,Recommended,230700,1896252,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,a!n,BUY THIS GAME. IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING INCREDIBLE. IF YOU DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I HATE YOU.
,Recommended,230700,12092684,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,I Aten't Dead,"La-Mulana's close to being a perfect game. It sure as hell is a perfect Action-Adventure Platforming Puzzle Game.LM sets out to be a game all about exploration and achieves this by making large areas that are enjoyable, challenging, and interesting to explore. All the while, items that can augment your skills and aid in your exploration are scattered throughout. Often times you can see these items but you'll have to solve difficult puzzles along the way to open them, thus creating great tension and lead up. Once you have these items, the effects are immediately noticible from running/attacking faster to something as simple as opening doors that used to be locked. Every pair of areas also have enjoyable(?), challenging, and interesting boss battles, following the same rules of puzzle solving and lead up as items do. It's incredibly easy to get immersed into the world of La-Mulana, and if you have the guts to stick it through the challenge, La-Mulana will reward you.That said, the game is floaty and the PC has very little control of their jumping (like Castlevania), on top of that, knockback can often lead to slow painful death (not like Castlevania). While this was done intentionally for the sake of difficulty - which works - it can be overly punishing for more casual players. While this is by no means a casual game, it's difficult to have fun when you can't continue exploring. Puzzles also become more and more complex and outright insane later in. I recommend having pulling out a walkthrough around that part, the alternative is pulling out your hair. Sadly this makes the later segments of the game drag on as the puzzles become larger and more complex. Though still important, it involves a lot of backtracking through obnoxious sections of the game.But those complaints are partially personal. La-Mulana is an amazing game with great length, and is strong enough to withstand multiple playthroughs. If you don't mind the challenge, I heartily recommend La-Mulana at its full price. If you're a cheapscape like I am, then I recommend La-Mulana at less than full price but if you want to play La-Mulana and still don't when that happens then you are an awful awful person who I will never invite to my birthday party ever again. And I'll probably kill you before you pass your inferior genes to a new generation. In either case you won't be getting any cake."
,Recommended,230700,9235168,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,VenusAdonis,"This is my favorite game. This is my favorite game ever.The atmosphere in this game is incredible. Your adventure begins in a small 32-bit village just on the outskirts of the ruins. There are numerous expansive locations to explore in this game and with a clever warp system you're able to traverse them all without too much difficulty. Our protagonist, Lemeza Kosugi, starts off armed with nothing more than a whip and a laptop but by the conclusion is armed to the teeth with multiple weapon types, ancient artifacts and supernatural devices. The writing is clever and the dialogue can be very humorous. Your relationship with the plot can be as independent or amorous as you wish, however I would highly recommend getting involved because I found the histories and tales to be extremely compelling.Patience is recommended. This game is very difficult and some of the puzzles can be straight up obtuse. It's difficult to find out where to proceed next and what to do in the game, but every puzzle and path can be understood if you study your surroundings and use the resources available. Write down everything! You will not regret it.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game so much I can't even really write a review. I'm just kinda talking about it. Buy it. Buy two copies.10 STARS 5/5 GOTYAlso ♥♥♥♥ Viy."
,Recommended,230700,9641169,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,The Punnacle,"La-Mulana is an amazingly robust game offering classic nostalgia and fantastic exploration. It can be slow going at first, especially as you come across the multitude of areas that are blocked via various means but as with any true Metroidvania it simply continues to grow and offer immense riches as you follow it's winding path. The difficulty can sometimes be a bit cruel (think retro platformers) but he rewards for playing through this beauty are simply fantastic. If you are a fan of retro platformers, Metroidvanias, or simply want a game with tons of explorable areas then this is a must have."
,Recommended,230700,8212627,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,VIPSTAR,easiest♥♥♥♥♥♥I ever played
,Recommended,230700,8212705,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SIEG ZEON,dis is gud gam yo like indiana jones.
,Recommended,230700,8222746,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,henshiro,Get this if ou are old school gamer and love games like Castlevania or Metroid
76561197972364092,Recommended,230700,8228175,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lockey,"La-Mulana is a very cool old school platformer with nice pixel art graphics. Explore the ruins and solve its puzzles. And if you cannot solve a room or defeat a monster right away, return later when you have more items. You can save the game at save points. If you die you have to reload. There are no checkpoints and there's quite a bit of backtracking. Like the platformers of old you have little control while jumping and no control while falling. Also, you cannot jump through platforms. This may frustrate some players who are used to games like Terraria.The game starts in windowed mode, but you can switch to full screen and pick any resolution and also choose two filtering (blurring) options if you don't want to see sharp pixels."
76561198097925512,Recommended,230700,8229396,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ChairmanYahtzee,"INTERESTING game, lots of riddles, hardcore bosses, smooth controls, laced with references and nice parodies. FUN!I love fantasising myself as Indiana Jones."
76561198034964120,Recommended,230700,8239553,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jamsterbuggy,"This game is for HARDCORE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.  Do NOT play this game if you are a casual gamer, you will die of pure shock."
,Recommended,230700,2621126,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,BulletproofMoon,"La-Mulana is a Metroidvania style game where you play as a Japanese take on Indiana Jones as you adventure to and explore the ruins of La-Mulana, the origin of all mankind in this world.There are plenty of puzzles and traps to see in the ruins that will keep you on your toes, this is also perhaps also one of the games faults as you WILL be doing look ups on walktroughs to break some of the game's more challenging puzzles. If you haven't had to look up a solution by the time you reach the Gate of Illision, you will then.The combat and movement is very finely tuned, not too often did I feel that my death was unjustified, it was usually due to my own lack of skill or even missing critical equipment for an encounter. Movement is pretty smooth even though you lack movement mid-jump, even after learning how to double jump. Upon recovering the Hooly Grail after solving a few simple puzzles in the enterance of La-Mulana you will gain the ability to teleport between save points from anywhere inside this sprawling dungeon.Health recovery in this game is a little strange, you recover your HP by sitting on hot springs or by collecting enough EXP from green orbs dropped by foes to equal the full length of your health bar upon which your EXP will be reset to 0 and your HP will be fully restored to %100 reguardless of how much health you have at the time. With this health recoverly system you wThe lore you will discover in the ruins paint an interesting spin on the origin of mankind and even how mankind ends in the La-Mulana world. This game is genininely worth a look and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,230700,8722154,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,initial d.va,"Suffer as I do.But seriously, if you don't mind games that more or less expect you to get a guide for some of the puzzles (most of the puzzles later, I'll be honest) and are in the mood for a metroidvania title that's more puzzle and exploration focused than character progression focused, blammo. La Mulana."
,Recommended,230700,8723178,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KrunK,This game rules. Cool story and decent length with fun maps.
,Recommended,230700,8805187,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ruti,Amazing game in every aspect. Great musics and quite hardcore gameplay. You will die a lot in this game. Still highly addictive!
,Recommended,230700,8805249,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Tauman,This game is a good game. You should buy this game.
,Recommended,230700,8806316,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,File Pirate,"i love this game well done guys! brings me back to the amiga, mega drive, snes days."
,Recommended,230700,8807441,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kralle,"After you get used to the controls, a great game awaits you."
,Recommended,230700,9000924,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Al Gore,"artificial difficultyAfter having played it long ago, I've come to realize I don't remember how I beat it when I was younger.I'm not as good at playing video games, but my memory reminds me that I had a lot of fun playing the original. It should still be the same experience as it was quite a while ago, and I can only recommend it even if I find myself unable to beat it nowadays."
,Recommended,230700,9508488,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Blimp Pilot,"Commitment. That is what this game is about. If you cant't commit, do not submit (your $14.99). One of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,230700,9790310,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TonyTheTGR,"Quite possibly the most insidiously difficult, but deep and mysterious games I've ever played. This is the kind of adventure game you can play for a year solid and still not discover everything in it. There's something neat every two screens, and the scale of this title is ridiculously impressive. It's accompanied by a soundtrack so good you'll never tire of it as you roam the ruins. Not for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though."
76561198003420249,Recommended,230700,2170775,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Handy,"This game answers the question ""What would the original Metroid be like if there was any rhyme or reason to the puzzles?"" The player is almost forced to keep a notebook to stay on top of the clues: the difficulty is mainly derived not from impossibly boss battles or jumps with a pixel-wide margin of error, but rather from the riddles that must be solved to progress. 99% of the solutions to the  puzzles that stumped me (which I was forced to look up) made me go ""Ahhhh, I see how I should have figured that out."" A must play for gamers for whom Cave Story mixed with 7th Guest seems like it might be fun."
,Recommended,230700,9104776,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MASURU_KID,Castlevaniana Jones and the Symphony of the Holy Grail 2: Puzzle Harder Edition
,Recommended,230700,9133576,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Duka,"La Mulana may be the hardest metroidvania ever created. The combat is appreciably difficult and the challenge increases as the game goes on, but that's not where the game shines. The puzzles encountered in the game are both extremely difficult yet gratifying to complete, many of them solved when you have an ""ah-ha!"" moment and finally put all the pieces together. The soundtrack is also superb.That being said, the game is not for everyone. If you haven't played it in a few days/weeks, you may not remember where it is you were going to be exploring next and be even more lost than ever. It's not for the faint of heart or brain."
,Recommended,230700,9136615,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The Darkest of Lords,"Extremely fun exploration and extremely difficult puzzles. If you decide to go through this without using help, it'll easily take you over a hundred hours to figure everything out, perhaps even more. But if you can balance your frustration and fun levels, and have a hint guru (either a wiki or a friend who's beaten it), then it can be a very enjoyable experience. The graphics, gameplay, and music are all excellent, so this is definitely recommended."
76561197991220635,Recommended,230700,9083129,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,JPope,Yo Indiana Jones aint got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this dude
,Recommended,230700,9085969,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lumpy Lumps,"A highly difficult open world platformer that puts an emphasis on exploration and cyptic puzzles. Game design is very well thought out, and although challenging and often obtuse, the game rarely seems unfair. Add to that great pixel graphics, a great variety of interesting environments and beasties to fight, and amazing music and you've got a great indie title all round. Highly recommended for fans of Dark Souls, retro platformers and seekers of challenge."
76561198057875952,Recommended,230700,8798835,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Lozange,"I activated a very inviting switch in the hopes of finding treasure.I ended up trapped with no way of getting out, hence the skeletons surrounding the switch and the general easiness of reaching the switch in the first place.11/10, lots of heart and soul, other impossible descriptions, etc."
76561197991301615,Recommended,230700,8799330,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,zvs,This game is hard. I hate it. You will love it. I'm dead again.
,Recommended,230700,8799645,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Livo,"One of the holy trinity of Metroidvanias. If you want challenging puzzles, hard bosses, interesting cryptic lore, an awesome soundtrack, and Indiana Jones-esque temple exploring this is the game for you. If you are a casual babby who hates dying, then don't ruin this game by complaining."
,Recommended,230700,8799930,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Stephen Lynx,GIT ♥♥♥♥ING GUD
76561197964424443,Recommended,230700,8800828,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Belgian 'd-bag' Roffles,"Very good game for those who enjoy a challenge. Starting help (online guides) is recommended for the first bit of the game. But I would try to do as much as you can by yourself!! Vague hints lead to a great feeling of accomplishment when you crack the code. Controls also take a little getting used to. I originally thought I got ripped off buying this game when I started, but you gotta push through your preconceived notions and realize that the game is made this way on purpose!!!"
,Recommended,230700,8801413,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Faroff,Don't use youtube and this game will actually challenge you. I have just unlocked the first seal with 0 outside help and it was not your standard cakewalk game. Looking forward to finishing the story and playing the second one!
,Recommended,230700,5493948,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,UNCLE TOUCHY AND THE CREAMY BOIS,"If Castlevania and Dark Souls had a baby, then sacrificed the baby to a pagan deity. La-Mulana would be the result."
,Recommended,230700,8826291,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Noble Cactus,"Probably the most fun I've had with a game in the past 3 or so years. A faithful homage to the crushingly-difficult platformers of yore that doesn't rub that fact in your face. Challenging, but not unfair. Well, usually. There're plenty devious traps and cunning misdrections to frustrate and befuddle.But yeah, if you want to play the game that sparked today's brutal Metroidvanias, get this game. Only complaints are with how jumping works (no directional influence until the peak of the jump if starting from a neutral jump) and how you can actually get stuck if you miss a certain item in the beginning. But that item is pretty much in your path, so it's hard to miss."
76561197993402955,Recommended,230700,9114905,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,this game got on my nerves
76561197986876154,Recommended,230700,9054713,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mech__Warrior,"I looked at the Kickstarter for La Mulana 2 and saw that their objective in making La Mulana was to revive the 2D platform and they ended up succeeding in that goal. I got La Mulana for $1.90 and by God, it is worth every penny. Even if it was $5, I would have paid that much if I knew this game was going to be this much fun. This game revives the 2D Adventure Platformer by taking hints from Castlevania and Metroid, improving them, adding its own flavor and improving the graphics of each. It is a thrill to play and the music is simply amazing. Get this game, and throw money at the Kickstarter for La Mulana 2 because we need more games like this, games that continue to redefine and refine the industry."
76561198097697516,Recommended,230700,8917731,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,v1keka,"truth be told: this a hardcore metroidvania game.yet, very, VERY, interesting, funny, and it'll take s**t load of your time."
,Recommended,230700,8920919,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Uncle Sweetshare,and thenand thenand soand likeand seeand looki mean like beand feeland findand goi mean like yeahand whereand whoand howand thereand whyand so whatand nowand noand yeahand upand soi mean like inand stopand stayand downand ohi mean like comeand then
,Recommended,230700,8922388,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DoubleIdo,10/10-it's okay
,Recommended,230700,8749056,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,foxt,"La Mulada is a very challenging game, with a lot of exploration, plataforming, traps, hard bosses and cryptic puzzles.A mix of Castlevania, Metroid and Dark Souls resulting in an indie masterpiece."
76561198079838437,Recommended,230700,9589832,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ZWOON98,"This game greatly shines on the days of the Genesis/SNES. I know it is not a classic title, but it is interesting to see devs still interested in making 16 bit games. Just proves the generation never aged. The gameplay is wonderful, the story is somewhat compelling, and the action is high. A great sense of adventure eminates from this indie title. Please support this so they make a second."
76561197999994731,Recommended,230700,8813361,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Blank,I have read all of these reviews after playing a good amount yesterday. I found myself..... well hooked. It was a blast. The controls are difficult but it isn't a reason to hate this game. The only reason I hate this game is because I only bought it for less than its full value. I wish I could just buy it at the full $14.99. But instead I went and put money into the kickstarter for La Mulana 2.   Trust the positive reviews. Yes the game is hard. Yes the controls are hard. Does that mean you shouldn't play this game? NO!
,Recommended,230700,8943929,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Frey,"This game is truly a Diamond in the rough. If you can get past the way it handles, the confusing puzzles, and the occasional annoying hitboxes on enemies and bosses, I think you'll really enjoy this game.However if you can't stand instant death traps, punishing bosses, and annoying setbacks you might want to pass.I personally had an amazing experience with it and hope that the 2nd one will be just as good when it comes out."
,Recommended,230700,9124388,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Neo_cydude,"I cannot recommend this enough to anyone who likes the Metroidvania genre of games. Incredibly engaging with a whole ancient world to explore and learn about, fiendishly tricky puzzles that have you scratching your head for hours and leaping in joy when everything suddenly clicks, and above all just a gem of a game full of character and polish. Hard, but not unfairly so. Oh an a brilliant soundtrack to top it all off!"
,Recommended,230700,9127338,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Johnny KaBoom,"For masochists only.  This is one brutal game, it's challenging intense and unforgiving, but beating it is truly a notch in your belt."
,Recommended,230700,1802294,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,kft,jogo desafiador ;D
,Recommended,230700,9025621,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Vyse,"Essentially this is Indiana Jones crossed with Dark Souls with a soundtrack straight out of Blazblue.A metric ton of game for the price and well worth anyone's time, even if you're not a fan of Metroidvanias."
,Recommended,230700,8859994,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SpookiestCat,"It's like getting punched in the taint, but with a love fist, wrapped in barbed wire."
76561197999111837,Recommended,230700,8863307,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,carlpalmner,Fun little Metroidvania; worth playing.
76561197982244659,Recommended,230700,10592874,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Quantum,"one of the most epic old school platformer. Lots of challenging puzzles,secrets and of course bosses ^^"
,Recommended,230700,1437875,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Xalnop,"It's hard, but it's fun!"
,Recommended,230700,8218661,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,cbc [][][],"Different platforming experience than most, mechanically speaking, although one adapts quickly by necessity. Collecting money is a grind, which makes certain portions of the game harder to get through than others. Once basic equipments are bought, though, money comes with ample exploration, which the game facilitates and encourages with varied backdrops, puzzles, and musics."
,Recommended,230700,1426954,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Brutakas,The satisfaction of figuring stuff out in this game is immeasurable.
,Recommended,230700,8207569,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Iz-GOod,"Reminds me of the old Castlevania games (Nintendo, SNES) with more items and RPG elements. This is a tough, rewarding game!"
,Recommended,230700,8208759,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CaptainKILL,"It's like being transported back in time and being able to play a classic for the first time again, a very rare experience. If you love 2D Castlevania this is the game for you."
,Recommended,230700,8209734,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ALLTHEFAILINGЯAGE,Dark souls+metroidvaina=This awsome 2d platformer
,Recommended,230700,8209943,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Shifty,"Great game, a hardcore challenge with lots of brain twisting indiana jones-ish puzzles.And as it's the remake, it's super smooth and a whole lot more accessible!"
,Recommended,230700,8209974,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sleppy returns,"A fun play, but do not buy unless you really want to challenge yourself and are comfortable with high difficulty and the metroidvania genre."
,Recommended,230700,1827144,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,westwind429,"This Nintendo-Hard Indiana Jones Metroidvania-style platformer will put hair on your chest. It's not as unfair as ""I Wanna Be The Guy"" (""There's a trap here because ♥♥♥♥ YOU that's why"") but you'd better bring your big girl panties and your thinking cap because this game is like Australia: everything wants to murder you. When you die - and you will - it's because you didn't execute, not because the ♥♥♥♥ing moon fell on you. So you take what you learned, dust yourself off, and give it another go, avoiding the peril that just smote you... until you run into the next smiting.That said, there is one area in which the game does not rely on player skill. There are caches of money salted around the tomb, which you can find by basically whipping random walls. It would be nice if they had some clues to these; you may want to consider a walkthough to help locate these. Peruse the walkthrough after you've figured out the zone, though, so you don't cheat yourself out of learning to play."
,Recommended,230700,8210409,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Saruman,"If you liked oldschool games like Lufia 2 and secret of mana you will like this.  The music is oldschool, there are secrets and things to figure out.  Its fun I like it, i'm not big on side scrollers but this is by far one of the best indie games ive played in a long time"
,Recommended,230700,8210741,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Numemon,Challenging metroidvania game. Great unless you're a casual.
,Recommended,230700,8211427,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Guy Incognito,Its like a hefty kick in the balls that somehow makes you want to come back for more.
,Recommended,230700,8211819,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,OnTheLastCastle,"This game is so deep, challenging and fun. I can't get enough!"
,Recommended,230700,2091902,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Nail_Bombed,"Welcome back to the old school. This here game ain't for wimps, no handholding, regenerating health or other such trappings - it's a game indebted to 80's-90's gaming ala Castlevania and Metroid, along with other titles such as Maze Of Galious. Serious difficulty, serious puzzles, and seriously fun action. Recommended highly for those who want a good hard yet rewarding challenge."
,Recommended,230700,69944,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,Indiana Jones goes to Japan and then a lot of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens and you miss your NES but not in a way that makes you really want to go to the trouble of hooking it up again.
,Recommended,230700,15505685,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Solace Eternal,"The game starts off great. It gives you clues on how to progress and vague goals. I've got a little notebook by my computer, and it's been fun to write down the clues I get and writing notes, it feels like actual exploration in a way I've never seen in a game before.But, uh.Remember that part in Super Metroid where you get the power bomb and wander around for a couple hours trying to figure out what to do wih it? And then you finally manage to blow up the glass tube that gets you in Maridia, and you think to yourself, ""How on earth was I supposed to know to do that?""Yeah. Welcome to that, the videogame. The middle to end of this game is effectively that, repeatedly, for a number of hours. Rather than difficulty, the game goes straight into obscurity. The clues go from helpful to extremely vague and start making sense only after the fact (""...Oh, /that/'s what that meant."") You'll (sometimes) have a vague sense of what needs to be done - or rather, a collection of things that /can/ be done, though whether or not you're actually able to do them yet is unknown - and no idea how to do them or where to get them. It stops giving you goals on what you're supposed to be doing, removes any feeling of progression, and the game boils down to revisiting every area over and over and over again in the vague hope of finding something new. And when you do find something new, the experience is fleeting, because the new trinket or path or whatever it gives you is usually in another part of the game, wildly far from you.TL;DR: unless you are a masochist with rediculous amounts of free time and patience, you will need a walkthrough for this game at some point. The level design does not guide you along at all, and is actively obtrusive. The difficulty changes from basic survival to constantly trying figuring out the developer's logic like you're playing an old Lucas Arts point-and-click from back in the day. Granted that may apppeal to some of you; the game does not hold your hand, especially mid and onwards, and there can be value in that.All that said, I'm still going to buy La Mulana 2 when it comes out, because at the end of the day, the game is still fun to me."
,Recommended,230700,15414380,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Bounty Hunter,"The game is a masterpiece. For the first hour you'd be wandering around not knowing what to do next, then you solve the first puzzle and encounter a bigger puzzle. not knowing what to do. solve. encounter. not knowing what to do. solve. encounter. repeat"
,Recommended,230700,16490874,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,naroom,"It's brutally difficult and confusing at first, but there's a huge payoff as you solve puzzles and get better at it. Read the game's manual carefully, and look up hints online if you get really stuck."
,Recommended,230700,8322402,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cucco,"I never got into the retro platformers, the retro games that made it so your weapon would have windup time, the ones that made it so you couldn't change the trajectory of your jumps while you're in the air, the very same games that made it so that each time an enemy touched you, you'd bounced back (sometimes into a pit). Much like Castlevania 2, La-Mulana is full of cryptic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like kneeling at a foot of a certain giant, jumping into a death pit to retrieve a chest, or putting monsters in place of walls in order to discourage you to go further and come back later.La-Mulana embodies all of that retro gaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I love it."
,Recommended,230700,8293267,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gomorrha21,"La-Mulana focuses heavily on riddles and exploring inside a gigantic ruin. Some of these puzzles can be quite difficult to solve, but then you really feel you accomplished something. But even if you feel stuck, just go to another area, as many parts of the ruins can be accessed from the beginning. Others can be reached by obtaining certain items.There's a lot of different items, main and sub weapons to be found, each serving a certain purpose. So this gets elevated to a Metroidvania-style game.You even do not have to fight the bosses in a fixed order to progress. As for those boss battles, these are varied as well: There are stationary ones, in one fight you ride a track down in a mine-cart, while the foe follows you.Awesome.My only gripe in the game is some very obscure hints for certain puzzles. You probably might have to look up somewhere or trying out a lot there - but be assured, there so much to do in the game, You will never feel bad, if you 'cheated' after you clocked so many hours into the game already. Just check that thing in a suspicious room further (or go somewhere else, as stated above) and move on your own.The controls themselves are solid and work as intended. Only jumping down below properly needs some practice first. Lemeza falls straight down, if he doesn't jump from a cliff, unable to change direction. Luckily there is no fall damage and many regular enemies only do little damage, except for some sub and main bosses.Take a hop before jumping on platforms below you - and you can move Lemeza in mid-air. Required for certain puzzles and just being a small hint.I play the game with a keyboard by the way, while the game has full controller support, including XBOX360 support as in the dscription, and there's no problem with controlling that way as well.The Graphics are really well done. They are stretched in fullscreen, the aspect ratio is mantainted properly. In widescreen formats the black bars can be decorated with murals and other images by going into the Options menu - which is a nice touch. Each ruin is vastly different, many background objects and statues are unique (and often required to be examined further by the game). There's even a hidden area, where you explore some of the original areas with the MSX-style graphics from the 2005 version.Music and sound are nicely done as well. While the tracks might repeat too quickly, many of the areas (in my case, e. g. the Temple of Moonlight) have catchy background music, some more decent, others being more dominant. For anyone who likes videogame music, this might be just right. The sound effects help you, be it a breakable wall which makes a certain crumble noise if struck by (certain) weapons, different tunes whenever you fail or solve a puzzle and other effects.If you don't mind the difficulty at times and love either cool boss battles and some brain-teasing puzzles, get this game ASAP. It's worth every penny, especially at that bargain in this sale."
,Recommended,230700,10079190,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Stackblocks,"Do you wish Spelunky and Metroid would have a cave-hopping, whip snapping baby? GOOD NEWS! La~Mulana is here to twist your brain into knots. I hope you have a notebook handy, because you're going to need it.Remember: Sometimes, you just don't have the item you need yet.(Also, don't read that tablet twice. You've been warned.)"
76561198099831270,Recommended,230700,9867734,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Chargeit,"Bought this game on sale a few months back and just got around to playing it. Wow, I'm very surprised at just how cool this is.La-Mulana is the Indiana Jones game that we should of got in the 80's.I'm not going to promise that I'll play this through, but I know by not doing so I'm missing out on a excellent gaming experience... My damned steam back log is never ending."
76561198064367593,Recommended,230700,8686436,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hesemonni,So hardVery challengingMuch awesome
,Recommended,230700,1709003,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Fission Mailed,"I don't care who you are, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is off the hook.Buy it."
76561198045556147,Recommended,230700,9967970,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Catsumoto,Wo this game is actually pretty sick once you get used to it. It's Dark Souls level of hard so if ur a baby then don't get this game
,Recommended,230700,9820937,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,DeadeyeDave,Castlevania II: Simon's Quest + Dark Souls = this beautiful nightmare
76561197994961134,Recommended,230700,8712280,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Split twitch.tv/splitblkribbon,"I like this game, its pretty cool. You get to be this badass archeologist who fights crazy monsters. Make sure you watch your step, there be mad traps."
,Recommended,230700,8714286,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,fraxyl,"Freaking hard boss fights, great exploration. Difficult overall. Like a much harder version of Metroid."
,Recommended,230700,694399,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Voltron Shakespeare,"Like Dark Souls, Fez, and your favorite Metroidvanias had a baby. It's okay for grown men to cry"
,Recommended,230700,8450382,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Videophile,This game will melt your brain.
76561198039356593,Recommended,230700,8442008,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vixer,"Challenging, Good music, Not for everyone."
,Recommended,230700,8482587,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ash Romale,"Anybody out there remember Montazuma's Revenge?  Sure, there are metroid/castlevania aspects, but the difficulty is still easier than Montazuma's Revenge.  Quite a lot of depth and polish.  Definitely worth picking up if you want to experience a masterful taste of the type of difficulty that old skool games used to bring."
76561198118811311,Recommended,230700,9736669,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,juanljt,"Now that I have beaten the game I think I'm in condition to make a proper analysis of the game.First, I’ll talk about the good points. The design of the levels is truly great, and the way every field is connected to the others, especially to the ones in the back is remarkable.Another good thing is the amount of puzzles. While some of them are simple, others are very original, especially the ones that can be found during the last part of the game. But I’ll say some more things about them later.There is also a good variety of enemies and things to discover. This is especially good for the players who like to discover everything of a game. With this game, you’ll spend hours exploring its huge dungeon.And now the not so good things I have found. The first thing is the control. You can get used to it, but in any case, it feels that is not as good as it should be. Many of the boss fights are difficult only because of the controls. Once you have jumped forward, there is no way to stop until you touch something, and if you jump upwards, you can change the direction after you start falling. In my opinion, the experience would be much better if the game had better controls. By the way, the collision detection and hit boxes seem to be a bit off sometimes. This happens mainly with the bosses.Another point is the clues you find during the game. Many of them are helpful, but others are very difficult to understand or are in a part of the maze that is so far of the puzzle they refer to that you have no idea of what they mean, or when you find the puzzle they speak about, you have already forgotten about them.Additionally, I think the way the game shows something has been unlocked is not very good. And this is a design mistake. Sometimes you solve a puzzle and it is easy to find what has been unlocked, but a few times during the game you have absolutely no idea of what has changed. So the only two options are revisiting every place to check it (and with the size of the dungeon, it is neither fun nor practical), or looking it up in a guide.So, in conclusion, I’d give this game 8/10. It is truly a good game, but it would be great if some details were fixed. Let’s hope they are in the upcoming La-Mulana 2. I would recommend this game only to hardcore players who like platforming and puzzles. Casual gamers, stay away from this game."
,Recommended,230700,13172008,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RT | Poco!,Whoever completed this game first was a warrior.Also probably the most intellectually demanding game I've ever played.
,Recommended,230700,13198778,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TastyFirestorm,Hard as hell. But awesome.
76561197987729125,Recommended,230700,27164588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crimson King,"Incredible depth, wonderful riddles, a REAL sense of discovery everytime you visit an area, great longevity, all packed in this title.If you like hard games La-Mulana is made for you, with all its intricate puzzles and bosses(some of them are definitely hard to beat).If you dont like to make your brain work or investigate avoid this title at all costs tho.I would say its a 9.5 out of 10, the only flaw I found were 2 puzzles(Gate of Illusion, Inferno Cavern, if you played it you know what I mean)that are almost impossible to solve without a walkthrough"
,Recommended,230700,27315210,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MagmaRam,I first played this game when it looked like an actual MSX title and you had to manually patch the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ into English.It was good then. It's still good now. Get it.
76561198007867569,Recommended,230700,27323856,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revakkyh,"A clue you find in the first area may not be of any use until you're 40 hours into the game, and you can't possibly keep track of all the clues. That's the kind of game this is, and it's amazing!It may seem impossible to beat this game without using a walkthrough at first, but doing so will spoil the experience and you'll regret it.+ The soundtrack+ Tiamat- Birds"
,Recommended,230700,27091127,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(; ･`д･´),Made in the vein of old-school platformers in that it's stupidly hard. It's a REALLY good little metroidvania game with some great puzzles thrown in.It is difficult. It does not pull punches. It is SUPER fun.
,Recommended,230700,27231898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ℕℯℓℯs,This game is too hard for me...
76561198013775171,Recommended,230700,27227927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zoku Runo,"I'm not sure how many people have played this but i always offer this to my friends, a game that makes you REALLY feel like Indiana Jones.It has everything, cryptic puzzles, metroidvania gameplay, uniqe and fun soundtrack, this game is a test of time to puzzle platformers and i enjoy every second of it."
76561198024765926,Recommended,230700,3562911,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,kraduate,"Dudes ... Explore , Acquire , Explore , Kill Boss ... REPEAT. It's AWESOME!!!!Get this game if you like old school side scrolling greatness!"
,Recommended,230700,912580,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mars Sultan,"Imagine a metroidvania, but with a thick layer of varnish spread all over it. Progressing in La Milon's Secret Castle relies on mastering both the unforgiving jumping physics and extremely obtuse puzzles. The real draw of the game is, the underlying lore and story are closely linked to the puzzles for the most part via reading of tablets covered in cryptic text and primitive drawings where you can almost see the self-satisfied smug of the developer who drew them. Enemies are largely slow-moving piles of hitbox, whereas bosses are piles of hitbox that take up half of the screen. The weapons you're saddled with are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enough to make the proceedings fairly challenging.Through the end of all of this suffering and turmoil the rewards definitely await, with no shortage of Chicken McItems you can get your greasy fingers on. If you can take the time to read all the tablets, discern what area the hint originated from, what particular puzzle or setpiece the hint is actually referring to, and cross-reference this information in the same notebook for which you keep track of your Zoloft medication, you clearly deserve this game.One thing I can attest is that this game helped me reignite the rage within my heart. At times a vein erupts in my forehead, I rip off my shirt and start beating my chest wildly, and it eventually takes 3 social workers and a powerful horse sedative to restrain me. 9/10 game, tell your friends."
76561198047428383,Recommended,230700,14005256,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dangus,"Its like castlevania 2, if the the riddles and puzzles actually made any damn sense and its fun. It also has amazing music like castlevania."
,Recommended,230700,14134901,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sweet T-1000,An incredibly demanding but rewarding dungeon crawl.
,Recommended,230700,4497422,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Desmoplakin,Hervorragendes Remake!
,Recommended,230700,13627763,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,This game made me question the existence of God. I don't know how you can figure out some of the puzzles without looking them up because of how obscure the hints are. Pretty challenging when it isn't kicking you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥though.
,Recommended,230700,545846,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Æthingexe,"Really good game, needs more hype."
,Recommended,230700,8803237,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Pripyat007,"Having lived my teenage years though the time when Metroid and Castlevania were fresh on the NES, La Mulana takes me back to that time bringing back those memories of discovery and the tough battles and puzzles along the way.  It's simple in concept yet challenging in execution.  My five minute review awards this game two thumbs up.  Buy and enjoy this gem now!"
76561198023665595,Recommended,230700,13346528,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Brigon,"I enjoyed this game. It's a Metroidvania where you play an explorer entering the ruins of La Mulana.It can be pretty hard at times, but keep working at it, and it gets better and better as you progress and get more upgrades and items to help you explore with."
,Recommended,230700,15327366,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Stiggy,An excellent and challenging game for any 16-bit enthustiest or maybe just a Metroid/Castlevania fan! Keep a look out for many Sony and Metroid/Castlvenia easter eggs!
76561198047162423,Recommended,230700,19493369,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,CatManDude,"Challenging, puzzling, and amazing. La-Mulana throws you into a massive world, with no sense of direction. You're introduced to three huts, one open, and you're told to explore, but how deep can those ruins go? At times, is may get frustrating due to the fact you may forget something important, or get stumped by a hard boss fight. No matter what though, do not loose hope, and explore what the ruins have in store for you!"
76561198043762009,Recommended,230700,19556395,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,inspiredsimji,"La-Mulana is an absolutely fantastic game. Personally, I've lost count of how many times I've played through it. I've even beaten Hell Temple once, though that was on the Playism version. Yes, this game was good enough that I bought it twice. Anyway.La-Mulana is an open-world platformer that sends you, an archaeologist, delving into the eponymous ruins of La-Mulana. At first, you're only in it for the treasure, but the plot slowly unfolds into something much bigger than that. The controls, once you know why they are how they are, are fantastic. When I first played it, I was confused why the jumping was so strange, but after I learned that they were done like that to harken back to the MSX game Maze of Galious, it all made sense to me. The enemies, somewhat uniquely for a game like this, are purposefully only annoyances. The real challenge of the game is in its puzzles. While they are completely ingenius, I'm not ashamed to admit I used a guide for a lot of them. Even with that, however, the game was still an awesome experience, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a game that wants you to think."
,Recommended,230700,19136113,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Loz,Cartoon Indiana Jones themeMetroidvania gameplay styleDark Souls difficulty
,Recommended,230700,7485216,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Lgn,Dark Souls compared to this is a game for casual players. 100% a masterpiece. Can't wait to play the sequel.
,Recommended,230700,21147065,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Grammernatzi,"Hours don't matter; I beat the game via aGOG.comversionAnyway, this game is amazing. Some of the best bosses I've seen in a metroidvania, outstanding music, an amazing final boss and a perfect escape sequence. The story is surprisingly deep with lore everywhere ala Metroid Prime, and the game is very long, easily lasting tens of hours.With that said, USE A GUIDE.Don't think you can get away with playing this game blind, unless you're a VERY determined player. You will have to write down nearly everything you scan, explore whatever you can, etc. This game is ridiculous in puzzles and level design and, in my opinion, it's nowhere near to even the best part of the game! It's well worth skipping it using a guide because the rest of the game IS worth it. Items, powerups, etc really help alleviate the difficulty this game has at the beginning.Also, this game is pretty hard even with a guide. For a good portion of the game you have no defense and very bad platforming; it gets much better later, but if you don't have a guide for powerups, it's understandable how you can get frustrated because the tools to make your life easier aren't available. However, at about the half-way point the game becomes much more tolerable due to the sheer amount of abilities you have gotten. Also, it is worth mentioning that both whip upgrades are permanently missable; however, reloading a save can let you try again. Just keep that in mind. With that said, the game is amazing. In my own experience, it's an 8/10 for the first half and a 10/10 for the second half, but only with a guide. Highly recommended, just, make sure you know what you are getting into."
76561198057471819,Recommended,230700,21534443,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,zachary_putnam,"This is what happens when dark souls had smex with Indiana Jones!  Anyways, this is a cool game.  There are many memorable locations, tones of upgrades, crazy bosses, tough puzzles and plently and plently of one thing gamers hate: knockback damage!  Also be prepared, if you ever get past the 5th boss and beat the Eden puzzle, make sure you have a walkthrough or you will be lost in La-Mulana forever!!!"
,Recommended,230700,21476900,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,patrys,Masochism at its best. Took around 35 hours to finish with lots of swearing in between. Very hard but also very rewarding.
,Recommended,230700,20974459,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rook,"La-Mulana pleasantly surprised me when I first started playing.  Here was a Metroidvania in the strictest sense of the word, with an expansive hand-crafted map just waiting to be explored.  Pivotal items could be found anywhere, so you were constantly rewarded for investigating every nook and cranny.  These upgrades also allowed you to intuitively access new areas--for example,once you acquire an item that lets you breathe underwater, you can progress further in a watery area.At this point, my only complaints were that save points are few and far between, and are often not located anywhere near bosses.As I progressed through the game, I grew more and more frustrated.  Upgrades stopped being intuitive since the obstacles they got past became too obviously artificial.  For example,some items interact with arbitrary symbols found throughout the ruins, which you had no reason to believe were important at all.This leads to a lot of directionless backtracking.Eventually, I got stuck, looked at a guide, and was shocked at the number of required items that were hidden in unfairly obscure locations.  Stuff like ""once you do X, a ceiling in an unrelated area that you've already explored becomes breakable with your whip"".  Maybe a tablet somewhere contains a subtle hint that would point you in the right direction, but I feel this level of opaqueness is bad game design.  Super Metroid had plenty of hidden secrets, but there was almost always something unusual about the area to prompt you to scan it more closely with your X-Ray Scope.I'm unsure whether I will continue playing La-Mulana, but if I do, I expect to have to rely on a guide.  Despite this, I do see why the game was so influential, and I still think it has quite a lot to offer."
76561198064247701,Recommended,230700,21116062,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[King Crimson],"The Metroid sequel that never was. Challenging, but rewarding. 10/10 would be crushed by falling rocks again."
76561198056286147,Recommended,230700,21090551,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ProperVowel,"Very much like old school Nintendo style platform. If you like being told EXACTLY what to do next, DO NOT GET THIS GAME. I like puzzling things out over time, but I find myself frustrated sometimes. This is what I want though. I don't want to be told exactly what to do next.Be warned. It's brain wracking but fun. :)  I ONLY recommend this for players that like castlevania II style games; only more. Well, less vampires; ha!"
76561198045316473,Recommended,230700,16522837,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,procella94,"This game is developed for people with the ability to think. It can be frustrating at some points, but when you solve a puzzle you will be delighted how ""easy"" it was at the end. It's difficult, yes. But especially this and the puzzles can make the game be fun."
,Recommended,230700,21936292,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mufasa02,Hard and unfair. A really good game.That's the closest we'll be getting from Dark Souls in 2D.
76561198053975973,Recommended,230700,22330697,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fat grills and feeders,Unapologetically difficult.You've been warned.
76561197999387977,Recommended,230700,7509464,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Charlie,"If the 16-bit games of your youth had the actual depth and mystery that you imagined them to have, and if they were hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ that would be La-Mulana."
,Recommended,230700,22960151,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rincething,"La-Mulana is a wonderfully difficult metroidvania-game of riddles, with challenging bosses, and a huge game to explore.There is so much to discover and unfold in the game, part of the fun is finding out how to obtain a new treasure or find a new area to explore. The platforming physics are a bit wonky at first, and can mess up the gaming logic in your head, but it feels fair as you learn how to adapt to it (For example : In-game, if you jump moving right, you can only move right, but if you jump up without moving left or right, you can control your jump more. Also, touching a wall while jumping in a direction can give you back your aerodynamic control).The main challenge of the game is solving these huge riddles that can really stump you if you don't have a guide, and at times, you might need to look at every aspect of details, or every word the game conveys, just because it can be very vital for solving these challenging puzzles. Aside from the riddles, the game isn't that difficult until you start reaching certain areas (especially in the early-game), or fight bosses (then again, if you're as skilled in video games as I am, hard mode isn't as hard as it seems, despite the extra deaths (which is all apart of the fun in a game)).At the time of this review, I feel like I'm near mid-game, but I still feel like I just scratched the surface. The soundtrack is amazing, the satisfaction of solving a overly arching riddle is trumendous, and the bosses are quite challenging to fight. I highly recommend this game to the few that won't give up.(Also, if you're not sure about this game, there is a free version available looming around the internet with older graphics and slightly more frustrating moments, and equally great soundtrack. Just remember to patch the english translations, otherwise you'll get stumped quite easily)(Another thing I'd like to mention is that the official guide for this game is actually super useful!)"
,Recommended,230700,23011485,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,futuris48,This game is awesome! Great Music.
,Recommended,230700,20388223,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,An Actual Bear,"Much like the old gods, this game exists. It's far more powerful than us and is just sympathetic enough to allow us pathetic humans to coexist with this behemoth. Our infinitesimal species matters not to this great evil.This game doesn't care who you are or how you were raised. Your mother's in the hospital? Your pet just died? Well get over it because La-Mulana doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥. Your sob story has no effect on La-Mulana. In fact your suffering only fuels La-Mulana. It doesn't exist for you and the moment you come to terms with that you'll have an amazing time playing it. I love this game. But god damn does it hate my guts."
76561198065186623,Recommended,230700,20436121,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,teencthulhu,"Excruciatingly frustrating at times, but something about it keeps you coming back. The puzzles can be really ridiculous, using queer meta elements and truly obtuse clues. I screamed and yelled and cursed at this game but I still soldiered all the way through it. It's unique, and in this day and age I have to tip my hat to any game that can make me feel anything at all. If you stick with it, and forgive yourself for using a guide every now and then, you'll get a very distinct satisfaction upon finishing the game. Suddenly all the other evil puzzle platformers seem a bit more quaint. So be aware! You will get stuck, and you will die on the same rooms/enemies/bosses over and over and over again, but if you can learn to enjoy the pain of defeat, La-Mulana will tenderly embrace you with its sandpaper arms and razorblade fingers. Grab your notebook, and enjoy a different kind of fun."
76561198044649241,Recommended,230700,20531546,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,theriq,"A truly fantastic game. Every step, every room, every pixel, appears to hold some measure of mystery. It calls to my deeply ingrained desires for video games that actually challenge the player rather than hold their hand through the experience. I haven't defeated this game yet. I'm not sure I even have the skill to accomplish such a thing. That in no way is going to stop me from trying. I recommend it to anyone who actually enjoys a challenge to their mind rather than just a challenge to how quickly they can react."
76561198004285551,Recommended,230700,2223008,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,DaylightDemon,"Dieses Spiel ist verdammt schwer und verdammt kryptisch. wer auf schwere rätsel der sorte: ""aktiviere bei punkt A etwas und laufe zu punkt B dann nachdem du dort 3 mal gegen die mauer geschlagen hast wieder zu punkt A und anschliessend zu punkt C"" der ist goldrichtig. ohne komplettlösung fast nicht zu machen aber spaßig, vor allem für castlevania fans. ich finds super :)"
76561198051973806,Recommended,230700,19993710,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Barry Shitpeas,"Classic Castlevania meets Metroidvania.Made for the 'hardcore', but still worth a try regardless just because its interesting to see how far you'd get without a guide/wiki."
76561198042295397,Recommended,230700,20300271,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Probe_rush,"I broke down and looked at a guide to get the Isis Pendant, but I still love the game."
,Recommended,230700,27550475,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Exploring Barrel,"great music, good gameplay.but hard though"
,Recommended,230700,27537932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[CA] AniDanny,"""Why is there an achievement for beating the game in under 40 hours?  No Metroidvania game could possibly take 40 hours to beat.""30 hours in and the end is finally in sight.  I've got about 25 pages of maps and notes and translations and puzzles written down.  Some of the puzzles are horribly obscure, but most of the game has been fun to figure out on my own (and what I couldn't figure out, there are guides for!)And now that I know most of the solutions, I might be able to go back and beat it in under 20 hours.  Or maybe even 10!"
,Recommended,230700,27957200,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Regin,"La-Mulana is often considered a 2D Dark Souls, and for good reason.This is a game where puzzles are so difficult to solve, it's almost impossible to solve them without reading a walkthrough, and considering it is a Metroidvania, its nonlinear gameplay can make them even more confusing than they should be.This is a game where you can't heal during boss battles, which can drain your health quite quickly if you don't know how to fight them.Now, considering how challenging this game is, is it worth buying? I'd say it is, while it may be difficult and hard to understand where to go at first, once you start figuring things out the game becomes one of the most rewarding experiences a gamer can have. If you don't whether you should pick it up or not, get it on sale."
76561198004738285,Recommended,230700,27984556,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Robomorons,"This is a game that requires a degree in archeology in order to play. Also, it's rather hard."
76561197985097057,Recommended,230700,27973847,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PPK,"I'm always on the lookout for metroidvanias, and this one definitely scratches that itch. I'm not going to pretend I finished this without looking at a guide from time to time, but I didn't feel like it was impossible to figure out most thing if you gave it some time to mull over the situation. (Except near the end. Wedges and Mantras, man...)I feel the controls are very precise, and lend themselves well to the platforming side of the game."
76561198063667219,Recommended,230700,27849747,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zam017,This is one of my favourite Games and I played the 16 bit originalIt has a amazing background story with so many intreasting Cultures in itI would Recommend it to anyone who likes platformers or MetroidVania or Puzzle GamesP.STry to beat it with out a walktough or Guide It will take along time
,Recommended,230700,20426309,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Merlin the Tuna,"La-Mulana does not give even the tiniest crap about you, and it's all the better for it. It wisely understands that playing as an action-archaeologist exploring mysterious ruins means hurtling into a confusing unknown, and everything about its play reinforces that. It's fantastically sprawling, fantastically confusing, and fantastically frustrating, but if you enjoy a taste of those elements, this could be the perfect game for you.It's closest cousin is probably Super Metroid, but La-Mulana trades out the former's tight action gameplay for much, much,muchmore focus on puzzles and look-before-you-leap lethality. And not just block-pushing shenanigans. (Though there's no shortage of that, of course.) La-Mulana demands that you approach your adventure like an actual archaeologist. You'll need to pay attention to details, take diligent notes, understand the history of the ruins, and never, ever, stop looking for new nooks and crannies to explore. Metroidvania-style games often feature an element of sequence-breaking, allowing diligent/skilled players to tackle the game in unusual orders. La-Mulana stands alone in being so massive and so uninterested in shepherding you along a default path that it's hard to say if there's a ""proper"" sequence at all. Even killing major bosses might yield nothing more than a pat on the back. Rare is the game that puts you so thoroughly on your own.That said, there are some big dings that make it more masochistic cult classic than masterpiece. For one, puzzles do branch into the realm of insane BS from time to time, and the game introduces (or rather, requires but does not introduce) a couple of unique environmental interactions along the way. Even if this kind of game is right in your sweet spot, keep the wiki bookmarked; youwillneed it at some point or another. Second, solving a puzzle triggers a confirmation sound effect, but the game doesn't show youwhatwas unlocked or changed, which is a huge problem when the result is screens or entire zones away. And finally, things continue escalating in complexity all the way to the finale. While that would be fine in something like a platformer, here it means that you will absolutely be following a guide for the last big puzzle, and that it doesn't feel like you've come full-circle on the mysteries of La-Mulana so much as the it feels like the game just throwing more and more craziness at you."
,Recommended,230700,28058531,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sorcrest,"One of the best games I've ever played in recent memory, and one of the most challenging. Excellent mechanics, ideas and most importantly the incredible amount of mind-bending and incredibly well thought-out puzzles that await you at every turn.If you're looking to pick up a game that will really challenge you, La-Mulana is a must for you."
76561197987205789,Recommended,230700,27491903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Willie the Pimp,"It's a perfect game! It's a shame that it is so underrated. It is exactly what I want from a metroidvania game. My only gripe might be that sometimes you have to get lucky to figure out certain solutions or where to go, but that's an intentional choice to make it more difficult. A+"
76561197996681060,Recommended,230700,1701819,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,pretumos,"This game is awesome. :-D It is really challenging, but fair. Thrilling gameplay. Has loads of content."
76561198122627449,Recommended,230700,27720375,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,eyakdrawde,"Remember how you keep telling yourself you're gonna pick up that classic old book and read it to expand your horizons, but first you have to finish Lazytown on netflix? La-Mulana is that book for me. It's obviously made with a lot of love, and I love game designers who have no compunction about treating the players like mice in horrific and unpredictable cage. The difficulty is sharp, severe even, but fair. This is a game that will tax you as a player, this is not a carefree adventure title, but a serious and unforgiving platformer.  The game has lot of detail and depth, if you have the stomach for it, you will likely get sucked in. The death and checkpoint routine is familiar and a little strict, but it's the context necessary for you to proceed with caution."
,Recommended,230700,27851960,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Asmodeus,This game has hours of infuriating riddle solving and I recommend it if you have 20 hours to spend alone with no friends.
,Recommended,230700,27676325,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kozhi,Play it for Elder Xelpud!! :D
,Recommended,230700,28031132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,nakanai.jp,"There are a lot of things I love about La-Mulana: the soundtrack, the world-building, the fact that it has the gameplay of a metroidvania with the puzzle solving of a point-and-click adventure game.  The reason I would recommend it, though, is that it's a passion project, made by gamers who loved a certain kind of game so much that they made their own, and did so well.  You can feel the love they pored into it.  No Indiana Jones or Tomb Raider game can match this level of Action Archaeology.This game is unfair, deliberately so.  If you take pride in beating puzzle games without consulting hints or walkthroughs, you will probably be turned off by La-Mulana in the end.  Still, I would highly recommend it for the experience, frequently soul-crushing though it may be."
76561198001811060,Recommended,230700,2071743,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Terrenblade,If super metroid took a weak to beat.
76561197967613194,Recommended,230700,27000525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aventus,Would use a guide to complete again.10/10
,Recommended,230700,27037015,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crippling Autism,"Very fun puzzle platformer. Can be confusing at times, but otherwise it's a modern classic. Be prepared to die many times."
76561198078056281,Recommended,230700,26937460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,deebsdude,"Very fun game, but also extremely difficult. You need to be able to invest a serious amount of time and patience for this gem.  Could be used by Mensa as criterion for acceptance."
76561197978177371,Recommended,230700,26948715,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theMrCravens,Best Metroidvania. Buy now !
76561198131800344,Recommended,230700,26958902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kev,"I'm only halfway through (I think) and this is one tough cookie of a game. I thought the other reviews were exaggerated but no, heed their warnings! This game starts off fairly easy to play, besides the lack of instructions. Once you get going though, it's reasonably obvious what kind of a journey you are embarking on.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the classic NES and SNES platformers - it's like Megaman meets Metroid - that have parts that are frustratingly difficult to complete because it has a retro feel to it and obviously the graphics are similar."
,Recommended,230700,11081306,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Bradypus,"Great fun despite being brutal at times. Once you get used to the controls, you'll quickly discover a platformer with a lot of challenging content.I purchased it on a great sale, but it's still worth its full, regular price."
,Recommended,230700,26932072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dances with woolite,"I loved this game! Play for as long as you can without a guide, but you'll almost certainly need one, unless you're willing to draw your own maps and write down every sign you see, and solve some completely out-there riddles. It's super challenging, even with help! The controls are terrible! But there is a huge amount of great content, music, weird humor, boss battles, dungeons to explore, and there's nothing like it..."
,Recommended,230700,26906177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShaiWa,Liked Maze of Galious on the MSX? Instant buy!!La mulana got it's inspiration of this game but it's still a different game.Difficulty is very hard but if you played MoG you already knew that :)So be prepared for some old skool gaming puzzels!
,Recommended,230700,26881772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,whofleck,"A challenging and fascinating puzzle/exploration game; unfortunately, there are a few moments in which a problem feels unfair after discovering the solution (by any means), but in it's entirety La-Mulana is more demanding, rewarding, and atmospheric than most games in the genre.Pro-tip: don't use a guide and don't give up."
76561197970726453,Recommended,230700,9249327,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DocCyber,"This game is awesome. Plain ans simple. A retro style metroidvanian soulslike that tests your brain as much as it does your reflexes. The game is quite hard, as anyone would tell you, but not frustratingly so.There are some cheap deaths, but most of the time its entirely your fault when you die. Luckily there are enough save points around which you soon, but not right from the start, can quick travel between. This starting part might be the biggest hurdle you have to take. After you find the item needed to quick travel, you are good to go and venture deeper into La-Mulana.Lots of varied locales, enemies, secrets, riddles, treasures, bosses, quirky humor and a lot of challenge you might miss from modern games really makes La-Mulana one of the greatest plattformers I've ever played for me and I enjoyed every minute of it. Every riddle I solved on REAL paper, every map I've drawn and every ""yet-to-get"" item I've marked on it was still great fun. You can really put effort into the game, if you want to. However, I'm still kind of sad I can't selectively forget all about it, to enjoy it once again without any prior knowledge!Ok, to be fair, there are a few parts and riddles that are kind of too obscure with lacking hints. Those aren't that much fun and might bring you to a grinding halt just when you are having a good run. Yet, putting all together and in perspective, La-Mulana is a fun and challenging game.Just remember keep in mind: Do not think you can play it casually, it's a game that you must be willing to invest some of your time into it. Just like a Souls game, if you need a comparison."
76561198137086975,Recommended,230700,27278490,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DSDraz,"""A cross between a puzzle hunt and getting kicked in the face""""If you don't play this game, you are either a fool or a wise person"""
,Recommended,230700,11101167,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,brown seagull,An awesome metroidvania + puzzle game.
76561198030799310,Recommended,230700,4019259,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,BeoXXVI,This game is excellent. It feels like the old RPGs like Ys. The soundtrack is absolutely expectional for anyone that enjoys that early 90s RPG feel.
,Recommended,230700,28952854,Posted: 2 January,all,MaxRabbit,"Playing La-Mulana feels like you're exploring ancient ruins, discovering hidden secrets and solving riddles.Ever get depressed that 'Puzzle' in most games means 'Pulling a Lever' or 'Pushing a block into a block-shaped hole'? The sort of puzzle that can be solved by infants? Do you want puzzles that require you to write down cryptic hints that you'll need to decipher to open a secret passage in 2 hours time from a different location?Ever get depressed that 'Difficult' in most games means 'Developer was a sadist'? Do you want the sort of difficulty that is hard but not 'wasted the last hour' hard?Ever get depressed that 'Soundtrack' in most games means 'Forgettable orchestral score'? Do you want the sort of soundtrack that you can actually enjoy listening to. One that adds personality to the characters and the game and stands out rather than blending in?Then try La-Mulana!"
76561198042262697,Recommended,230700,29241904,Posted: 14 January,all,Meme Queen,"Get a pen and notepad, or have a word document ready, and get ready to write♥♥♥♥♥♥down. Just about every character, message, and tablet you find has information about progressing through the game. This game isn't for everyone, but if puzzle solving and exploration is your forte, then this game does it the best. Maybe the sequel will come out in the next decade.Pros:Fantastic SoundtrackExtreme attention to detail lorewisePretty cool boss fightsMetroidvania feelCons:I personally am not a fan of the controls, but you get used to them.Lots and lots of note taking"
,Recommended,230700,29355678,Posted: 19 January,all,PapaBrain,"Ruthless.I had to take a break after the nine hour mark. Nine hours to do barely anything except survive.This is a game to keep on the back-burner, to visit and puzzle through for maybe an hour before it crushes your hopes of advancing anywhere meaningful. Go and play something casual to reassure yourself that you're not worthless, and come back to La-Mulana.The collected items and advancements in this game will make you feel like you've sacrificed some part of you to keep. The best kind of rewarding gameplay, but it will still crush you."
,Recommended,230700,29688443,Posted: 4 February,all,ZERO,"Hmm, where to begin... I suppose first off I must say this game is definitely not for the faint of heart. You will be challenged unlike any other game you have played before in terms of puzzle solving. However, these are where the game really shines in my opinion. You, quite literally, need to take notes on just about everything you see or read. Even the smallest detail you think may not mean something could very well actually be part of a puzzle. This even includes things such as a small symbol or anomaly in the background that is unique to a room. Also, clues for puzzles are all over the place. Things you may find confusing at first could have something to do with a puzzle way down the road in a completely different area of the game. It feels very rewarding when you figure a lot of them out. I felt like I was really an archaeologist taking notes. Almost like a real Indiana Jones, lol.Visually, the game is very well done. Graphics reminded me of the SNES days but slightly better. Very detailed and vibrant areas. The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard in a game. A lot of them I never really got tired of listening to such as the Inferno Cavern.Gameplay wise I do have to admit the controls are a bit clunky at first. It took me quite a while to get the hang of them. The enemies can be annoying and impede your exploration quite a bit, but all in all, I mostly got used to them. Sort of like Dark Souls I suppose. Try and try again and eventually you will learn how to take them down or manage them. Some boss / sub boss fights seemed very hard and almost downright unfair at first, but I kept with it and learned how to fight them and it felt very rewarding once you finally beat them.At the end of the day, if you choose to take on the ruins of La-Mulana, grab a pen and paper and be prepared to have a lot of patience because you will be in for one hell of a ride."
76561198056245500,Recommended,230700,29915029,Posted: 13 February,all,AxelxGabriel,"An amazing game through and through. Taking all the best aspects of a Metroidvania while adding a heavy dose of difficulty based mostly on your deductive/exploration skills. It's not hard because you don't have a certain equipment or weapon on your person, just based on your reasoning in figuring out the secrets of the various stages. It's a challenging game that rewards you with each puzzle you solve, each success one step closer to beating the game. As long as you're willing to put in the time and put in some serious thought as well as enjoying fun gameplay, you'll have tons of fun with La-Mulana."
,Recommended,230700,29668201,Posted: 3 February,all,archdeco,In competition with Lisa for Meanest Game on Steam. But man this game appreciates a good boss fight.
76561198024989523,Recommended,230700,29380203,Posted: 20 January,all,mauro7inf,"This game is a cross between a puzzle hunt and getting KICKED IN THE FACE.  REPEATEDLY.  There is nothing like La-Mulana, nothing, and there really ought to be because HOT DAMN this game is AMAZING.To start with, I have 24 hours with this game on Steam, but I actually played it first on WiiWare, so my total should be much higher, like 50 hours higher.  And that's not counting all the time I spent playing the game *outside* of the system.  You see, this game is really, really, really hard.  If you don't know what you're doing.  If you use guides, eh.  The bosses can be challenging and the platforming unforgiving, but the real reason for playing this game is the puzzling.  Oh, the puzzling.To give you a basic idea, which I hesitate to do because, when I played the game, I knew literally nothing about it, the game's world is filled with stone tablets.  These stone tablets contain hints to puzzles, which you must solve in order to progress in the game.  Or they contain flavor text.  Except when the flavor text *is* the puzzle.  ...Yep.  Because La-Mulana hates you and your family.  (""Your family"" could be interpreted as the protagonist's father, who...  Anyway.)  These puzzles are often someplace completely unrelated to where you are now.  So when I played this for the first time, I pretty soon got stuck and decided to map out the entire game.  Room names (those are clues too), tablets, locations of interesting features, unsolved puzzles, etc.  Somewhere in my apartment there's an entire graph paper notebook of maps and tablets.  I would spend hours with the maps spread out in front of me looking for solutions to the puzzles, and occasionally I'd have some flash of insight and go to the game to test it out.  You see, it's not so much that the game is *hard*.  It also draws you in.  You *have* to solve these puzzles.  And when you do, new stuff opens and it's incredibly rewarding.Speaking of which, La-Mulana is actually somewhat less of a metroidvania than you might expect; most of the stuff you collect isn't actually necessary to proceed.  For example, there's an item that improves your damage output...  OK.  There's the one that makes you invulnerable to certain enemies...  well, that's less annoying, but it won't actually get you anywhere new.  On the other hand, what does allow you to progress is solving puzzles.  New places means new hints to old puzzles, so you have to backtrack to go solve it, etc.  Progress in La-Mulana, if you don't know what you're doing (which is how it should be), is incremental.Oh, yeah.  The actual platforming.  UNFORGIVING.  The bosses.  CHALLENGING.  The good news about the platforming is that you get used to the mechanics soon enough.  The good news about the bosses is that you will die quickly.  I'm sorry, I meant the good news *for* the bosses.  Not for you.  You will die quickly.  And repeatedly.  At least, until you figure out the trick to defeating that boss.  Then you will die somewhat more slowly, but still repeatedly.  Until, maybe, you win, and you never have to fight that boss again.  Right?  ...Right?  Anyway, some of the bosses are pretty standard; they're just exceptionally tough enemies.  Others are really imaginative.  The level bosses especially are all really cool.The music!  You will continue singing it for years.  YEARS!  I just think of La-Mulana and the Surface theme plays in my mind.  And then there's the Chamber of Birth.  Whew.  Those little running elephants will haunt your dreams as you hear that catchy music.Finally, we get to one of the strongest aspects of this game: the setting.  Not just the La-Mulana ruins but the whole story.  This game really makes you feel like part of its wonderful world and makes you desperately want to learn more.  It's well thought out and really fantastic.  You're given an excuse plot (even in the manual, so I'm not spoiling anything): you're basically Indiana Jones and you're exploring some ruins that your dad went into and didn't go out of.  Hopefully, you in real life have a similar excuse plot: you're bored and want to play an entertaining game with good reviews.  But as you (well, your character) explore said ruins, you (yourself) get drawn in further and further into the world of La-Mulana.  And you won't want to get out.The only downsides of La-Mulana are...  Um...  La-Mulana's downsides are numerous.  They include...  Er, you know, I can't actually think of any downsides of La-Mulana.  Oops.  In fact, I don't think I've ever played a better game in my life.  So yeah.Ah, if only there were a sequel...  (There is a sequel.  It's not out yet, though.  When it does come out, you can bet that I will be playing it.)"
,Recommended,230700,23088064,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,KING OF THE MOON,"Very confusing and difficult. The primary challenge is figuring out what to do next, which is nearly impossible without outside help. The other big challenge is surviving once you figure it out. I am bad at both and might never actually finish the game because of how steep the challenge is.If you like impossibly cryptic puzzles and challenges and dying repeatedly, go for it, because La-Mulana is a pretty good game."
76561198029050370,Recommended,230700,29209895,Posted: 12 January,all,Prince of Saiyans,"At first I hated this game, it has a very retro feel and I was spoiled by all the recent metriodvanias that I have played that removed these mechanics. The game plays like a retro metroidvainia on the NES/SNES. The controls are sluggish and stiff by design to aid difficulty. This game has a steep learning curve and will most likely make you do some research outside the game to figure out how things function. I hated it at first and hastily gave it a negative review. I regret that. If you put an hour or more into understanding how this game works I'm sure you will find it VERY challenging and charming."
,Recommended,230700,30373684,Posted: 7 March,all,UnderHaze,"An unforgiving masterpiece in the best way, and masochism in its most enjoyable format. There wasn't one moment in this game when I felt like giving up, even with its difficulty, because so many aspects of this game are enjoyable and polished, I was always motivated to keep playing. Fantastic 2D visuals, beautiful music, funny dialogue, excellent level design, cool abilities and items, and more make this game one of my favorites. Thanks to the developers for toning down the difficulty for this remake, lord knows we all needed it to tone down :')My only complaint is there's no options for the original MSX inspired graphics and music (from the original La-Mulana, this game is a remake in case you didn't know), and even then it would be optional, not required, just a little something for us longtime La-Mulana fans. Other than that, this game has everything a fan of Metroid, Castlevania, puzzle games, MSX games, and even Dark Souls will love.Also shoutout to DeceasedCrab, the La-Mulana community would be nothing without him <3"
,Recommended,230700,5414850,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,stepperer,2D Dark Souls ^_^
,Recommended,230700,11744051,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Edvardius,This game is sick! It's very difficult and misterious and I come back to it from time to time. I recommend it when it's on sale and if you have a lot of patience.
,Recommended,230700,15272674,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Detective Berry,A great challenge for anyone willing to put up with some hard to get used to controls. But if you master it... it's gonna be one HELL of a ride.
,Recommended,230700,34585985,Posted: 29 August,all,Yal,"A metroidvania that occasionally requires knowledge about real-world lore and has one of the best soundtracks ever. You've probably not played the japan-only MSX original from the 1990s, but this remake is true to it down to the stiff physics and the so-brutal-it-invites-comparisons-to-Dark-Souls difficulty, while making all the levels 5-10 rooms bigger and fixing the balance in lots of places... and of course giving it a neato graphical and aural overhaul."
