user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197968697930,Not Recommended,230840,9972895,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Frozen Yoghurt,"TL;DR: massively overhyped, it falls short of my expectations.I pre-ordered this game because of the pre release information.It is (afaik) the first Unreal Engine 4 game that's actually released and - if trailers are to be trusted - it seemed to use that engine quite well to create a believable nightmare.This version however, seems to suffer from weak textures and visuals that would have been possible on the Unreal engine 3 as well.Besides that, there are quite a lot of users right now suffering from crashes and instabilites in the Steam forums.(and there is no way to change the game language completely - I am forced to use German text with spoken English, because the game simply won't become 100% English when set to that in Steam settings)The game plays in a hospital / asylum / prison, which are all stuffed into the same building.Your character starts off with a smartphone (doubling as a map and a torchlight) and has to gather so called relics.Each relic is commented by some person with the comments being somewhere between annoying and a minor inconvenience - they just don't actually add to the gameplay or the atmosphere.Then there is the actual game which has you run through corridors of ever-repeating models (the doors, the actual items placed around the rooms, ...) and visuals.This game seems like a cheap modification for UT3, but neither the visuals nor any other aspect live up to my expectations of what the Unreal engine 4 would be capable of.In that maze of repeating corridors there are random ghosts (which - you guessed it - seem like clones) spawning in on you.While this might at first seem like a nice change of pace, simply because flickering lights and closing doors have been done before, it soon becomes exhausting.You have got one and a half way of getting rid of ghosts.The most effective one is to actually get rid of them by using a signalling torch similar to those used in road accidents (which you find on a regular basis in this madhouse...) - however, the next ghost might spawn in only a few seconds later.Then there is the possibility of running away.When actually choosing flight instead of fight, you will run in a ghost around the next corner, so it is not really an alternative in the long run.(Besides, it's a maze that you are running through, with your path clearly laid out - so running away from the ghost actually forces you to retreat into the maze and hinders your progress, rendering it - all things considered - unfeasible)The story seems somewhat normal.There is this hospital in which patients die of ""mysterious"" causes, start seeing things, ... - the usual stuff.Although I have not yet played through the whole game, I already regret pre ordering the game.The gameplay has already overstayed its welcome, the visuals seem dated and the overall atmosphere just isn't as good as it seemed to be in the trailers.While I got it for almost 10$ it simply is not as satisfying as I am used to when comparing it to other games I got for this amount (and less)."
76561198032207192,Not Recommended,230840,12741721,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ayven,"I started this game without knowing anything about it.You randomly start in some abandoned building as a girl / woman with a smartphone through which some person talks to you.You look around, find some notes, nothing too special.There are blue notes and red notes. Once you pick up your first red note, a counter appears in the bottom right.1 / 6 for instance. Seems a bit familiar.There are two types of items you get walking around the halls: Glowsticks and Flares.Glowsticks give a little bit more light and hint you at things you can actually interact with. Also they show your footsteps, helping you with orientation. This is quite important as the map on your smartphone is so tiny that you can hardly see stuff, even when zooming in (putting it closer to your face).Flares have a defensive purpose. I'll explain later what that means.So basically there is one simple and quite obvious pattern:1. Get red notes2. Find key to exit3. Enter next area.Now where is the scary part?Besides some objects randomly moving when you pass them (of course only the first time to come along) and the actually quite good ambience, there is one threat so far: A ghost girl.Is she scary? no... during the first chapter you see her already when she is like 100 meters away from you and you can casually walk away. When you look at her she attacks by standing still and screaming at you, which doesn't even have an effect, if you are far away. If this actually hits you, the screen starts turning black from outside to inside, making it extremely hard to see. Your visions gets better over time though. To avoid this, hold a flare in the ghost's face.Once you reach the next chapter and it all starts again the ghost will actually appear directly behind you and there you have your slenderman clone.Honestly, for anyone who has experience with horror, this game has nothing to offer except for startling you every now and then.If you never touched a horror game before and want to start with something that isn't too horrible or if you plain and simple love to do the same thing over and over again, feel free to take a look at this.Anybody who wants horror beyond cheap jumpscares and some actual gameplay should ignore this game."
,Not Recommended,230840,9973465,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,не уходи,"Corridors, doors, walls.. again and again. Wait... what? You need to find the key! M'kay...corridors, doors, walls.. And graphic that makes my eyes hurt and becomes the cause of pain in the head. This gameplay has no sense. It's look like benchmark test for UE4. Hope this review will helpful and will save your money. I'll give it 3 ""tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; out of 10"
76561198048886945,Not Recommended,230840,9975869,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Nightmareclay,"While I generally like Daylight, right now it is hard to give a recommendation. The gameplay, and interesting story bits are there, but, the game is so poorly optimized that it runs about as well as a fat kid in gym class.Edit: I decided to give this game another go after all the patches the developer has put out to make it run better. The utter fact that the diagnostic tool forbids the game from launching with FRAPS running is completely shady. I was going to give a score of 5 out of 10 because yes, there have been improvements, but, the fact they are trying to prevent me from recording their game has now infact lowered the score from a 5 to a 2. (I did eventually work my way around their stupid little diagnostic tool)Final review score for Daylight, due to shady practices in trying to stifle recorded video of this game, a 2 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,230840,10068821,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dimitris,I had a horrible experience with the game. Running it on a 1600 euro nVidia SLI (with the appropriate options disabled as the developers request) configuration and the game goes from 0 to 300 fps constantly. There were occasions when I had to wait for the game to resume. I would not suggest the current version to be purchased by anyone. First time I've ever considered a refund for a game :(
76561198048974498,Recommended,230840,17366346,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,rjmacready,"I really, really dug this game, despite its arguable flaws.  What flaws are these?  Well, it could be construed as a tad repetitious, especially in some of its scenery (though having worked in a number of hospitals, I can tell you that's exactly how they are!), and also in some of its gameplay (find some notes, open a portal, start lookin' for notes again).  It's also a little unclear early on as to what exactly you're supposed to be doing, though once you get the hang of it, you generally know what to do.This game seems to have taken a lot of other flack, which I don't necessarily agree with, and which I'll address now.  Firstly, ""It's too easy once you work out to just look away from the witches"".  Okay, I guess I must be a particularly skittish individual, 'cause I still managed to die a good few times after reading these words of wisdom.  Sure, after a while I got the gist and improved a bit, but the whole idea is you're supposed to PANIC, and not just ""calmly"" look away, because IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A SCARY GAME.  Something which a lot of these cocky young ♥♥♥♥♥ don't seem to understand:  It requires a bit of suspension of disbelief, a genuine DESIRE to scare yourself, in order to have that effect.  If you give in to that desire, then I believe this game does a VERY good job of scaring you shiteless.  Saying, ""Ooh, all you have to do is not look at the witch"", is a bit like saying, ""All you have to do to stop a great white shark devouring you is punch it on the nose as it's swimming towards you.""  Yeah, right.  Like to see you arrogant little turds try THAT one on, sometime...Secondly, the inevitable ""Slender"" comparisons.  Okay, YES.  It IS a ""Slender"" clone.  But for my money, it's probably the BEST ""Slender"" clone I've played yet...and I've damn well nearly played all of 'em, including ""Slender: The Arrival"", which certainly ISN'T quite as good as this in my humble opinion.  When I wrote a review for that game, I accused it of ""cheating"" ('cause sometimes it's just plain dumb luck which leads to ol' Slendy teleporting RIGHT ON TOP OF YOU).  This game plays MUCH fairer, providing a decent enough challenge, but as I alluded to above, if you manage to keep your wits and your nerves under control, you should MOSTLY be okay.  MOSTLY!  And okay, so it ends in a spooky forest, after covering many of the other cliché horror environments such as hospitals, prisons and sewers, but if you're willing to accept that it's a somewhat DERIVATIVE game, you may just have yourself a pretty good time.  It was compelling enough for me that I finished it in one night, something which I almost never do (not even for a game only a few hours long).  And finally, the asking price of ten dollars is more than reasonable for what you get (the procedurally-generated elements and multiple difficulty levels no doubt granting it some replayability).Man, if people are seriously inclined to complain about a game of this quality, for this price, we really must be a spoiled ♥♥♥♥ing bunch...maybe we'd be more grateful if we'd been BURNED AT THE STAKE like them witches, eh?  Then we might actually have something to COMPLAIN about!Verdict: 9/10.(Oh, and PS: Fantastic ending!  Though the end credits music which comes on immediately after is a tad abrupt and inappropriate, haha...)"
,Not Recommended,230840,9976366,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,A Victim of Stars,"From the get-go we are tossed onto our asses into an asylum with only a cell phone and a cheap Malcolm McDowell imitator barking nonsense over the speaker. He just spouts out grade-school philosophy such as “Life is but a butterfly’s dream,” and “Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned… and you’ve scorned them all.” With @John_Henry_Eden_ebooks as our good company, we stumble around in the dark hallways (using useless glowsticks and flares) of which you will see the same of many times. One of Daylight’s big selling points is that it is randomly generated as you play so you can never have the same play experience twice. Well that doesn’t help when every single room is the same non-memorable one over and over again, does it?The goal of every area you visit is to collect 6 “remnants”, which is an absurdly vague way of saying “Find 6 pieces of paper with a red rune on them, some of which will be hidden in boxes on the walls and in desks”. Once you’ve stuffed enough Macguffins into your jacket, Ol’ Phoney pipes up mentioning that the “Sigil” has been revealed. While that sounds like something deep and meaningful, all it really turns out to be is a pair of surgical scissors or a porcelain doll floating in a room covered in glowing writing that you most likely already found before you had all six remnants. In taking the Sigil, you become defenseless as you are no longer able to whip out any flares or glowsticks to protect yourself.…oh, right. I forgot something. The ghost. From the outset you’re being pursued by an apparition that appears out of the blue with little rhyme or reason. My first encounter with it was as follows: I heard a banshee cry out from behind me as I was in mid-turn. My cell phone minimap was beginning to distort with random artifacts and glyphs. I stopped moving and waited for a moment, noticing that I could see what appeared to be the leg of the creature standing there just to my right. I contemplated for a moment what may happen should I continue to turn. All the while it persisted on making weird hissy noises. And then, almost as quickly as it came, the creature disappeared. It felt like one of those hilariously bad special effects sequences in old low budget films where they paused recording while the person or object was moved off camera while everyone else held still before continuing to record to give the illusion that they had vanished in an instant.You see, Daylight has a lot of problems. It fails to be truly engaging to the player at any point. All plot exposition is taken care of via the notes and remnants (there are two colors of seal on the paper to designate the difference!) which you can skip most of and most likely will because it is all drivel. Any tension is completely ruined by the fact that none of the game’s systems work to support each other. Sarah can sprint indefinitely, which makes the ghost a trivial occurrence in the event that it manages to even spawn. Resource management is merely an afterthought thanks to being given free flares and glowsticks in almost every other room. And if you manage to fill up too much on either, finding one in a container causes you to just completely discard it. I’m pretty sure no human alive is going to just throw out a precious glowstick before finding at least one extra pocket to cram it into.The game does not look nearly as demanding as it claims to be and none of the setpieces are visually interesting or even memorable. Between the campy dialog, shoddy notes and head-shake inducing comments in the UI message area claiming “They will come to haunt you”, every bit of the writing is downright amateurish and is something to be ashamed of. The in-game Twitch streaming support tells me more about what was on the developers’ minds than anything else in the game. They were banking on the braindead simple stream avenue to perpetuate the game with its enticing look and promise of replayability via randomization.What they forgot to do was make a game worth playing, watching or thinking about."
,Not Recommended,230840,9973616,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,JohnSuitepee,"Do. Not. Buy. This. Game. Unless you like throwing money at weak scares, a 1-2 hour game and some crappy technical performance. (long loading times, awkward angle to interact with some objects, choppiness at times) Go play SCP- Containment Breach instead, it's free and has the same 'randomly generated area' concept, PLUS it's actually scary at times.Very disappointing Zombie Studios, and disappointing on me for spending nearly £9 on this garbage. Last time I buy an indie horror game WITHOUT reading reviews and watching gameplay footage extensively. Lesson learnt."
,Not Recommended,230840,9976751,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,sexbad,"It is Slender.  You trudge through some corridors, find sheets of paper and walk away from a ghost lady.  Sometimes you get to watch canned animations when climbing over objects, and very rarely you pull a switch or two to open up a new part of the level.The default field of view is atrocious, and there is no menu to change the control scheme, although the FOV can be changed in configuration files, and likely so can the controls.  The lack of accessible menus for these things, however, shows such immense negligence on the part of the developers.There's some controversy over getting that Jessica Chobot fellow to write the story for the game.  Except she didn't really write it.  There are a bunch of tiny blurbs scattered everywhere on small sheets of paper that are undoubtedly as original as tiny blurbs can get, but the dialogue can't possibly be attributed to an actual author.  Every single line of dialogue is a platitude that the writer got from somewhere else and thought sounded cool.Being a graphical apologist on many levels, I understand that the visuals are fine to look at, but it's rather humorous that this is the first Unreal Engine 4 game to be released.  It looks overall like something you'd find released early in the last console generation, with lots of shortcuts taken, like stacks of books being little more than blurrily textured rectangular prisms, or wood grain textures with the sharpness of cheap plastic.  Little bits like the cloth physics and lighting are much more contemporary, but they don't warrant such steep system requirements, especially since most of the game is set in very tiny corridors.  It's all the baggage of a cutting edge game engine without any of the cutting edge.What a wonderful time to be alive."
,Recommended,230840,12679330,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,⸎peth,"Procedurally generated hallways, slender style note gathering objectives. I don't necessarily 100% recommend this game, but I am not willing to give it a negative review, as what it did propose to offer, it lived up to well.Running with the key is a tense moment, with the encroaching darkness. Thought there would have been a bit more of a dynamic layout, rather than just hallways, but that was my impression, not really what the devs promised.Was mostly hoping there would have been a little more development post-release.Competent gameplay nonetheless"
,Not Recommended,230840,10035170,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Daylight is a first-person randomly generated survival-horror game. Or how I like to call it, 'Pseudo Pac-Man'.Basically, this is the game; You got a story area where you're safe, and story things happen, then you get thrown into a randomly generated maze, where you have to find a key, and find the exit. And then rinse and repeat, over and over, until the game is done. They try and throw a few things in to make it more 'interesting', with random scares in mazes and 'puzzles' in the safe areas. But the scares are super weak for the most part, and the 'puzzles' are such riveting things such as, ""Push this glowing crate in front of this higher stack of glowing crates,"" or, ""Find the switch to open up this secret door."" Riveting.Now, I may have drawn attention to my Pac-Man example, let me explain... Since most of the horror is a maze, you sort of just waka-waka your way through these mazes, which get larger as the game goes on. You have a map that forms on the phone you always carry in-front of your face as you explore, and as you go there are 'consumable' story pages that you can pick-up (no worries, they freeze gameplay, yo~). And as you explore, there is a ghost that goes after you. And you look for flares, which act like Power Pellets. The ghost AI I noticed while playing will not kill you if you're not looking at it, though. Essentially the ghost approaches you, and when it gets too close and you look at it, you lose. Ghost can teleport around like Slender, and sometimes you'll turn around and it'll be right there and you die. Also, Glowsticks, which you use to make objects you can interact with highlightable.It's all fun enough, but hardly scary to me. I was not scared once when playing the game, though was tensed-up during a few closer encounters. It doesn't help that the two main characters (the one who you play as and some guy talking to you on the phone) are very unlikable. You see a chair slightly move. ""Ohhhhhhhhh,"" your character says all scared-like. A tile falls from the ceiling. ""Ohhhhhhhh."" You start to realize that the character's reacting to try and be 'in-touch' with the player, but it isn't working. She cries to herself that she's scared. She says lines like, ""What was that? Was there something behind me?,"" when clearing there isn't. And says she hears noises when there's no audio at all and stupidly calls out at random if anyone's there, and just... Ugh... I haven't felt this dissonant from a horror protagonist in a long time.And then there's Mr. Guy on the Radio, who was never explained who exactly he was, but you can take some guesses. He's a guy on a radio, who's official occupation seems to be saying cryptic♥♥♥♥♥♥that means absolutely nothing. He'll ring off every once in a while, mostly when you pick up stuff, and rant on like some living Fortune Cookie.And the story is incredibly disappointing, the files are lackluster to decent, and the ending is all kinds of disappointing. I'd tell you the story, but honestly there's hardly any story to tell. I guessed the stories big plot twist literally in the first five minutes of the game. And the story hardly has any presence in the game anyways.The randomly generated aspect doesn't feel too needed, as most of the rooms look similar for the most part, and can either make what you're objective is stupidly easy, or a lot harder than it needs to be. I think randomly generated mazes wasn't the best idea on the devs, the game is pretty linear so the random level layout often can make the levels themselves feel rather poor more often than not. Scares and all that I can understand being randomized, but in a game that's at heart a linear corridor horror game, the random feature literally in this case just shifts halls and rooms around.But it's decent fun, and it looks fairly pretty. The music is nice. I'd say it's decent if it's cheap, but it's honestly a very mediocre game. It's not terrible or even bad I'd say, I'd just say it falls short.of its promise, and it almost all comes from poor choices. The mechanics are good, and there's groundwork here for a good horror game, but the execution just falls flat a lot of the time.Buy if cheap and like horror games as it's not terrible, but not worth it full price either, and honestly rather average as a whole.And it feels like a lot of other games that have come out in the last few years."
,Not Recommended,230840,10056974,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,KMo,"This game excelled in only two areas, audio and creature design.The story felt rushed and didn't make sense half the time. Me being #13 makes very little sense in the grand scheme except that I'm apparently super natural and somehow related to the other 12. I felt like the end of the game was a frantic attempt to somehow tie everything together by labeling me as Patient 13, an ""eerie"" coincidence. There was very little ""Twist"" in finding that out.The way the story was told was, frankly, awful. I'm put through 4 runs of Slenderman page collection mechanics, being forced to read notes to understand half the story while the other half is told by a man over the phone I'm holding whom I assume is Dr. Mercer.Next is the dialogue. Between the girl constantly asking if anyone is there when she has clearly seen the other ""12"" over and over and Dr. Mercer's terrible attempts at being wise with quotes like ""No matter where you go, there you are"" I was ready to mute voice all together.Finally is the graphics. While they weren't bad, I expected much better considering this was a new engine and that what was advertised made the game look much better than it actually was. I consider the graphics in Outlast to be 5x better than what I saw here and it uses an older Unreal Engine.Overall, I was very unimpressed. It was an extremely short game and not worth $15 at all. Score maybe a 4/10.If you wish to see a full playthrough of it, go here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9Y1sm5zjdOE-PtontPFTfpJ-z6RS31ar"
76561198038905471,Not Recommended,230840,24837065,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,komoriblues,"For whatever reason this game scares me right out of my pants. I've had friends play for me when I've wussed out, only to see them scream their heads off. It's all jump scares, but something about the atmosphere tends to freak me out.Too bad the game is optimized like crap, half the time I can't get it to boot up, or it freezes at the loading screen. It's seriously unstable. I've had it installed on multiple systems now, most current being my i5 4690k with a MSI GTX 1070. Still very unreliable.I want to recommend it, because if you can get to the gameplay I find it to be a lot of fun. However, it's going to take a lot of patience to get through all the poor launches, frozen loading screens, etc.I guess it's possible it's my system and setup, but many others have reported the same kind of issues. I have a very stable system otherwise, so it's hard to not point my finger at the games optimisation."
,Not Recommended,230840,9980989,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Bezoika,"Terrible. Looked incredibly good in trailers, turns out its just a hallway generator with Slender mechanics... Not scary, and definately not fun."
,Not Recommended,230840,9975513,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Roundlay,"Daylight's flimsy narrative and tedious gameplay are reason enough to avoid the game, but the fact that it isn’t scary makes it especially hard to recommend."
,Recommended,230840,21472523,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ushio,Flashlight is your best friend..... beware of darkness
,Not Recommended,230840,10153419,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Daylight is a first-person survival horror game.The player awakens as a young woman trapped inside an abandoned hospital with a smartphone conveniently at her side. A creepy man barks instructions and vague allusions to her past through the phone, which also acts as a map and a light. Glow sticks can be collected and used for light and double as a basic hint system, casting a soft green glow to highlight item containers or puzzle mechanisms. Flares are the only other usable items and are used to fend off the creepy witch ghost thing that haunts you throughout the game.You know how most horror games like to embellish their worlds with various collectable files or documents that help to fill in the backstory of what is really going on. In Daylight, collecting these documents is the primary mechanic of gameplay. The basic structure of each level goes as follows: find at least five or six of these documents called “remnants” (they are usually briefs notes or the occasional photo), bring the remnants to a designated symbol to acquire a special artifact called a Sigil and then use the Sigil to open a magic barrier and continue on your way. Repeat, again and again and this is the whole game.If this sounds boring, it’s because it is. Think the main hook from Slender, but stretched out over 60 to 90 minutes.The replay value of Daylight is almost nonexistent, even when taking into account its procedurally generated nature. The thing is, the game itself is so lifeless and devoid of any actual gameplay, that it’s incredibly hard to justify experiencing the adventure for a second time at all.Daylight is the retail debut of Unreal Engine 4 but the graphics look shockingly outdated.The sound effects do not help matters all that much, either. You will have the expected banging on doors and low howls in the distance, but it is Sarah’s own commentary that ends up being the biggest thing at fault here. Sarah has about three or four different dialogue options that she cycles through densely and incessantly, with weird choices of pausing by the actor like “Is anyone………there?” and “I can’t see anything!” and “I know someone’s there!”In terms of both a game’s atmospheric scare factor and enjoyable gameplay, Daylight is essentially a poor man’s Amnesia, and does not even come close to the current king of the genre, Outlast.Sounds 4/10Graphics 4/10Gameplay 3/10Atmosphere 3/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Not Recommended,230840,21554363,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Hard to recommend this game that tries to be scary and tries to boasts the good visuals of Unreal Engine 4 (by the way, it doesn't show at all!), lots of bad textures that strains your eyes badly.So what is Daylight?You basically ""wake up"" in another yet overused abandonned asylum, pick up your smartphone that you use as the light source and as the map too. That mechanic is very well thought! I gotta give props where I see them!Then you have two kind of flares. The green ones to highlight notes scattered around the numerous corridors and you get the red flares who are used to ""make the creeping shadows disappears"". Again, you have some defense mechanism and is well thought. But if you're out of the red flares, you're done... well not all the time but if you're in a dead end (MANY dead ends in Daylight) and out of these red flares, you're totally screwed! You ""die"" and somehow respawn somewhere else, with lots of progress lost.The procedurally generated levels are mostly all the same thing over and over. Corridors, doors, walls... run and run and run, activate the two kind of flares, gather notes... find a ""sigil"", basically a KEY to open a blocked path covered with a door marked with a ward.If you LOVED Slender, this game is somehow similar, a close clone to it. But, I had enough of wandering around these corridors... maybe someday, I'll give it another chance but as of now, nope! The game feels like a poor tech demo and the bonus is a big migraine for all the eye strains you got!PROS:+Smartphone act as light source and a map device. Well thought!+Flare system is decent and working. I'd love if they could last longer though!+Game can be tense at times... especially when you're out of red flares!CONS:-Poor procedurally generated levels... many dead ends!-Running back and forth in corridors, stairs... finding notes and the sigil to progress further.-Overused asylum in a ""scary game"" setting.-Bad textures of the Unreal Engine 4. Developers boasted using that marvelous engine yet it doesn't show much!RECOMMENDATION:I can't recommend this game in its state as it is, even years after release. I was wary of all the bad reviews once the game released back in April 2014 but now, game hasn't much improved if at all and both gamers and reviewers were right in all the bad reputation this game has got.There is a few great ideas here but the procedurally generated levels is a bad idea.Hopefully on your next game, you can fix the issues mentionned and I'll be willing to give another shot at your next project!RATING:4.0 / 10"
76561198085652814,Recommended,230840,10858661,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BanginB,"This game is twisted. It IS scary and actually has a fun way of scaring you. It is a short game, but worth every penny. It has a Slenderman feel, but NOT ripping it off at all. In fact, it improves Slenderman to it's own unique horror way. Simple game mechanic, but you can lose your way in the game even with a map. Loved every second of this game. A MUST play in the dark with no one or nothing to interrupt to get the full experience."
,Not Recommended,230840,34246062,Posted: 14 August,all,♥ Boner ♥,"Oh well, the game brings an actually interessting story (if good or not aside) in combination with an old wonky gameplay that brings nothing new since 2012.I would do a pro and contra list but in fact the game have only counterproductive points i decide to list only them up ↓The headshacking to make the movements looks realistic is just annoying, personaly for me not such a big deal but i have to experience it on my own, it goes really annoyingThe gameplay is already known in... every other Unity3D games that call themself a ""horror"" game.The A.I. is crap and dont build up any scare if all you have to do is looking on the ground to dodge the A.I. (you even can run through the enemie while looking down)The levels are the biggest thing on this game that annoys me personally the most, the levels are just the same rooms with the same not creepy jumpscares over and over again sticked together to creat a maze.The ""glow sticks"" and ""flare"" you carry to protect yourself and mark useable objects are useless and find rarely a use of need.The A.I. spawns way too often directly in front of you.In a price drop you for sure cant do much wrong, otherwise spare your money for, phew i dont know... a real horror game?"
,Not Recommended,230840,10311324,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Countess Of Blood,Not even entertaining when drunk... I want a cheese sandwich now :'(
,Not Recommended,230840,10038727,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,MazManZero,"I did a playthrough on this game and I have to say; I'm not that pleased with the game. The horror/scares are there (and I'm a bit of a wimp with horror games), but this game felt more like a text simulator mixed with the Slender games. Each level/section/whatever was simply the exact same thing and literally had nothing unique. The game is seriously short also (can probably rush the game in like 30 mins; but reading everything, you'd probably spend 1 1/2 hours or so).I was hoping that this would be better than Outlast, but I was left disappointed overall. I would say play it if you do get jumps/scares in general (just for hilarious reasons), but.... honestly, don't expect anything amazing from it."
,Not Recommended,230840,12837249,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,stefsot,"Not recommended at all.It's repetitive and boring, not scary at all. All you have to do is run into random generated levels and find 6 pages so you can unlock a stupid lock. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,230840,33498602,Posted: 13 July,all,DUNCAN DONUTS,"This is one of the few games that has ever given me motion sickness. Your character's head constantly bobs like she's in an earthquake, especially when you're running. I cannot imagine who thought this would be a good idea, because I've never, ever had ""head bobbing"" remotely close to this in real life (nevermind the fact that your eyes will automatically adjust to the body bobbing in real life). It's stupid and makes the game unplayable for me because I can't play it for more than 10 minutes without wanting to puke.For the game itself, it's very dull. You go around extremely similar-looking corridors, looking for notes with a glowing red sigil on them. Occasionally, ghosts will appear, but you can ""defeat"" them by simply not looking at them. Yes, the only threat in the game can easily be defeated by walking backwards while staring at the floor. I've done the same♥♥♥♥♥♥against the Boos in Mario, but at least Mario has the courtesy of making the damn Boos appear in inconvenient locations for a challenge. There are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments where one of them will suddenly pop up and bring you close to death, which is stupid as hell.The map design is slightly more complex than Wolfeinstein 3D's, and that's only because it has stairs you can use. It even lacks the various landmarks and differently-shaped rooms that made Wolfeinstein 3D's maps possible to navigate, meaning it's level design is somehow more primitive than Wolfenstein 3D's. Wowee!The ""scares"" are either random junk rattling around or the previously-mentioned ghosts suddenly appearing and taking off most of your health with nothing you can do about it. You are trapped in some evil haunted building that has souls corrupted by darkness or whatever in it, but apparently being consumed by darkness makes you like to pull out drawers, bang on stuff, and generally engage in acts of petty vandalism. Truly an evil force that requires your character to brave through to find the truth or end the evil or whatever. Might as well make your character a street patrol cop, since they deal with petty vandalism better than your character does. What's the sequel going to be about, a cop that's called to a haunted house filled with darkness-consumed teenagers that are partying and drinking alcohol or some other stupid crime? Will you have to collect glowing notes to find the 17 year old guy getting an awkward ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the bathroom?If you want a good horror game, play Outlast. If you want a game made up of rectangular corridors that is actually fun and enjoyable, play Wolfenstein 3D."
76561198061107826,Recommended,230840,10818006,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Motherfucking Emperor,"Okay, I dont really know what it is with this game. I mean I've played both Amnesia games, Outlast, Dead Space, you name it. But nothing (and I mean NOTHING) put the fear of Satan down my spine like DAYLIGHT. 2 minutes in to the game and I can already feel the hair on my♥♥♥♥♥reach up and touch the back of my neck. I try to be brave and end up looking at my desktop. Besides the unability to play out of risk of cardiac arrest. The only problem I have with the game is the controller support. Once the devs fix that up I might work up the courage to beat this game. Until then it stays grayed out on my library with a crucifix stapled to it. 8/10"
,Recommended,230840,23639532,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Alex Ros,"Nothing new in terms of hide-and-seek modern horror games. Nevertheless level design is quite nice. And story do have a couple of nice twists. Especially the ending is fullfilling. As for being frightening Daylight is not very frightening, because at most it relies on jumpscares. As a result you're getting used to them rather quickly. All in all Daylight is recommended only to genre fans."
,Not Recommended,230840,12211869,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,val019,"Short, makes no sense, and you can avoid getting attacked by witches by simply looking down."
,Not Recommended,230840,10007315,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,AdamaBanana,"Even with DirectX 11 and the game VERY updated to 1.1, the game STILL won't start.In short: Broken. Very."
76561198022649396,Recommended,230840,10989455,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,raindmb1,ok i was really scared to play this game at first. but its not so bad  lots of jump scares but all in all a really good game. Get it on sale though it is extremly short. but all in all a fun game i enjoyed it at the price :)
,Not Recommended,230840,9976776,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Prune Juice,Scariest thing was not being able to figure out how to open a door for 1 hour while I sat there at 12am knowing I have work in 4 hours...I still don't know how to open doors/10
,Not Recommended,230840,9975994,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Taffer,"Nothing but endless doors and corridors, with you trying to find randomly scattered notes so you can collect the piece of cursed garbage and escape to the next area to do it again. Game only manages to  provide decent chills through the environment, but they quickly lose their charm after seeing room 5 and corridor 2 for the fifth time. The main antagonist is more of a haunted house spook than an actual threat, and the minor scripted events are laughable(floating spooky skull is my favorite). Also since everything looks the same, it makes finding the notes you're missing tedious and boring, and the useless map doesn't help, since it doesn't differentiate between dead ends and unopened doors. The box shoving reminds of a PS1 game, and serves only to break up the 100 meter dash that is the main portion of the content. Save your money and your time, don't even get on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,230840,9975295,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SuperBandicoot64,"I REALLY wanted to like Daylight. I really did. It had alot of cool things going for it, like randomly generated levels, showing off the 4th version of the Unreal Engine, and Actually being a horror game with ghosts in it (count the amount of horror games with ghosts in them. I can only count them on one hand.) but it turned out to be another disappointment. Why??? Well, ill attempt to explain why.THE GOODOne of the good things going for Daylight is the lighting. Daylight has some great lighting, and it shows it off with the use of the different items in the game like the flares.  Another cool thing is most of the environments. From a sewer, to the outside, alot of the areas look pretty good and creepy. The only areas that aren't very good are the first two but besides that, they are very well made environments. One last thing is the sound. Not all of the sound is good and the way most of the sound is used is rather crappy, but many other SFXs are great, and are fitting with the setting. The sound that tells you a ghost is nearby and most of the old, worn out doors are very creepy, and set the mood perfectly.Also, the way Twitch (Livestreaming) is integrated is neat as well.THE BADHere's where it all goes downhill. one thing to make your game scary is be crafty and paced well. Daylight fails at this. Here are daylights ""regular"" scares.- cheap jumps scares-doors opening by themselves (SPOOOOOKY)-Objects getting flung around-and loud screams that get old about the third time they are usedSure, most people will find this scary, but I don't. Jump scares can be scary if done right, but ones that are thrown out of nowhere with no buildup are not scary. Daylight does that so many times its not even funny. As for doors and objects magicly opening or get thrown, its such a done to death cliche I roll my eyes instead of being scared. And the loud screams are pretty self explanatory. The worst part is the gameplay. Here is the entirety of daylights gameplay. 1. Enter level. 2.collect 6 pages. 3.go to the key. 4. Go to exit. 5.rinse and repeat. Sound familiar, doesn't it? Yes, this is pretty much a rip-off of the smash hit horror game, Slender: The Eight Pages (which I don't like either). Not only that, but it gets extremely repetitive later in the game. Another thing that is bad is the lack of enemy variety. The entire game, you're being chased by ONE ghost the whole game, and its design is very bland. Because of this, it adds on to the repetition and bore-factor of the game. One last thing is the story and characters. The story is told through notes and slight (and I mean slight) exposition between levels. I would have been fine with this if not for the fact that it is very bland and uninteresting from start to finish. Most of the notes are either ZOMG I SAW SOMEONE RUN AROUND WHERE I WAS AND IVE NEVER SEEN HIM IN MY LIFE! To ZOMG SOMEONE DIED! It got to the point where reading them felt like a chore. Another thing is that the protagonist is SOOO annoying. I give props for not using the ""silent character"" approach, but id rather prefer that then this. The entire game Sarah will say ""Is anyone there"" to ""What was that?"" And it gets annoying real fast because of how many voice clips are used over and over again.THE VERDICTWhat a disappointment. It had alot of potential, but wound up being boring and uninspired. 3/10.For more reviews, check out our True ReviewersGroup:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/truereviewI cant believe i bought this instead of The Amazing Spider-man 2. Hey! Dont judge!"
,Recommended,230840,21198394,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jenasyde,"This game was full of suspense & would keep me constantly on my feet & running. The way the unknown horrors in the dark would creep up on you without warning & scream in my ear...that made it even more entertaining. I would highly recommend this game, it's one of the best Horror Games I've play by far!!!"
,Not Recommended,230840,9985847,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ArthurPlays,"After trying to let's play the game, I was invited to loading screens that last 10 minutes, dated textures and FPS flickers. I keep saying that this game could have been the next ""Outlast"", but falls short of expectations. The hype for this game was the main selling point. This game was created on the new Unreal Engine 4 and should have given us more realistic and terrifying scares. The game is hardely scary and I actually stopped my let's play after one episode. There are points where the game runs at a smooth 30 FPS, but if I so much as try to turn my character, the game freezes or drops the FPS. The game is nearly unplayable as I have found many bugs in the game. My favorite bug is the movable crates. I try to move them to progress through the game and they completely clip through the floor! Thus, making me restart from the last save point. The saving mechanic in the game is very bad. You have no choice but to save when the game wants to. You cannot save wherever you'd like, causing let's players like me to make very long videos. Overall, I didn't finish the game and I probably never will. 3/10 Rating on this game."
,Recommended,230840,9990908,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Zeze♥☆•:*´¨`*:•,"This is the first game i really really felt the fear :), although i grew up playing Classic Horror games such as Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi, Doom series, Amnesia and more..The Graphic designs and the atmosphere of this game are pretty cool. Musics and sounds are very enough to get you in mood of fear.I have no idea why some people don't recommend it but DayLight deserves more!!! if you play on hard difficulty at night , you can even jump out of your place :) Each time you play maps and the rooms change..i finished the game twice but still desire to play more..sadly, it could be longer..ahhhh and one more thing.. DON'T LOOK BACK! ♥ 8/10"
76561198051811511,Not Recommended,230840,10022844,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Akira Ashitoni,"cannot run; keeps giving me error about DX11 which i have and is up-to-date.Don't waste your moneyAs for my money, I would like a refund immediately since i wasted it on this FAIL; even bugged out bethesda games launch and run decently than this"
76561198000923706,Not Recommended,230840,10014383,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Blockcaptain123,the 3d rainbow colors never go away and makes the game look like garbage. super choppy.
76561197962395709,Not Recommended,230840,10023158,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,NEMESIS2K5,"The game does ""awe"" you with the suspenseful atmosphere and its spectacular graphics. However, the game is a simple/cheap late night scare or a quick scare.The storytelling did have potential, but ended up being very convoluted...and inconclusive or non-relevant to Daylight's conclusion. The story of Daylight is very short and can be completed perhaps in less than an hour.I did expect a bit from Daylight, but in the end were never met. This game had a lot of potential, but was never seen through."
76561198041513739,Not Recommended,230840,9979040,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Smurfman256,"Such wasted potential.  I came into this game hoping to experience a truly horrifying game with levels that are never the same twice.  What I got instead was a extremely formulaic find-the-hidden-object Slender clone Piewdiebait with levels that all look the same; making it very easy to get lost and a lot of boring cheap scare attempts that are so cliche and poorly executed I would have thought that this game was supposed to be FUNNY.  The entire first level and most of the second level are completely void of any danger and just try to creep you out with such scary tactics as a chair sitting up by itself or drawers flying open or a wheelchair wheel spinning by itself.  The only times when I was GENUINELY scared were the times when you're not allowed to carry a protective flare and you have to take the Macguffin back to the gate while being chased by a ghost; and those moments were only scary because it's easy to get lost in the samey-looking levels and the ""spooky"" ghosts making a loud noise whenever you look at them.  And the thing is that because of the formula (find six letters that let you unlock the Macguffin that opens the next level and run away from ghost) these moments don't stay scary for long as you know EXACTLY what to expect by the third time around.  And it's a shame because the game actually has a quite nice athmosphere with dark, claustrophobic hallways of a rundown insane asylum and a dark forest.  But these are the ONLY two sections of the game and by the time that you're done with these sections, then the game is over.  However, as the game is only 2-3 hours long, this might not be a bad thing."
,Not Recommended,230840,10101958,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Mirai Nick,"It took me about two days to even get this game to work, which didn't exactly put me on any good footing for it. Then when I actually got into it... there was about an hour of gameplay with nothing but cheap jumpscares.  Atmosphere is alright, but it wears thin when you realize 'procedurally generated' means using the same four or five cells over and over for each area in a nonsensical pattern (which I suppose is good for fans of the Cube movies). You will never, ever feel any actual danger from lack of light or even coming in direct contact with the game's group of duodecaplet ghosts (seperate entities but all completely identical).This game was lazily designed and the story is about as interesting as going from point a to point b with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t twist ending where point b was actually point a all along.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,230840,10719234,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Micro,"Even though this game was only about 3 and half hours long, it was still pretty good. I love the Twitch app thats build in and the scares where pretty good. I just wish it was longer then that. Maybe future DLC?  9/10"
76561198031165441,Recommended,230840,10489555,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,wert764,"This is the first indie survival horror game that I have ever beaten start to finish. Let that sink in... Having played a bit of amnesia, a few the fps/tps horror games and that jazz, this falls short in comparison to it when it comes to writting. As a lot of the dialog doesn't make sense or is misused in certain areas as the player will use the same phrases over an over at random points.Gameplay wise, it's not so bad the core concept of this game actually reminded me of slender combined with the randomly generate worlds which made the first 2 diablos fun mixed in with a few jump scares. Which by the way get pretty predictable but still can catch you off guard from time to time.So over all I probably can recommend this game with the disclamer those who are new to the genre such as myself or casual horror genre players who are looking to only get their feet wet. Those of you who are die hard fans, you probably wanted to play slender to begin with if you want to play this game."
,Not Recommended,230840,10186027,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,☢☣Hello»Everyone☣☢,"Wont even work, I have talked with people since release still wont work and many people cannot get it to work , or have problems with it playing. I have everything up to date everything I need the devs told me that I had everything good, and also I passed the diag test tool they give you (since there was such a problem they needed one) I honistly rarely post bad reviews or feel I should get my money back, this is the first time I feel completely screwed. Even Orion dino horde worked better at launch and at least they did fix stuff( saying this because that was also a horrid indie game at release). For running the new UR4 engine from what I am seeing is not very amazing. And the patches they do roll out seem to break things even more or fix one thing break another.This upsets me, being said that I talked to the people who made it and it still failing to change anything and doing all I can to fix it. I wasted my time, and I am not sure it was worth my time to fix from what others are saying. Many people say it runs really really hot on high end rigs even for how bad it looks. This is a Alpha it seems, for being delayed it is not at all finished, I mean even at release the first patch was 1.0 so I do think it was sent out from beta. Yet still doesn't work, heck even with EA I don't have this many problems, and at least they are fixed and not telling you to do the same 3 things 100 times and jump through 200 hoops to play a 2 hour long game about. Please intill this is all fixed if it ever is save your money, it isn't worth it go buy slender for 2 bucks on sale or something or dread out, I was so hoping for this but just feel robbed , I even pre ordered because it looked so cool."
76561198021582780,Not Recommended,230840,10016849,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Aya,"Daylight delivers fairly gorgeous visuals, a solid sound design and some interesting ideas. Unfortunately none of those are enough to carry the game through its stale & repetitive gameplay, predictable scares and incredibly poor writing."
,Recommended,230840,9985027,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,alkoholisk,"well i got the game for free(as i sold my inventory from csgo) so i have no troubles with pre-order thingand also Daylight works fine and no bugs for me( just a few freezes when game loading)so it`s not the best first person horror at all but i have some jump scares and almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants several times(and also my cat is gone mad as i was yelling when played) so if it will be on sale or whatever, you can give it a try, why notbut idk about completing it more than once( the story isn`t good)"
76561198067851973,Not Recommended,230840,9983150,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Original Xray18,"Decent game, but way too short, last only an hour in 1 playthrough."
,Recommended,230840,12265585,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mama Schwamph,"It's a short game and required me to update to Windows 8 from my 7 to play lol.. It had it's bugs that's for sure, but now when it works.. Yes!Took me around 2 hours to finish but it scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me several times. Worth picking up on a sale imo, especially if you don't like sewers, hospitals and forests?Big + for the surround sound, made me paranoid as ♥♥♥♥. 8)"
,Not Recommended,230840,10834437,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"+ Good graphics (but nothing that couldn't have been done with UE3)+ A couple of good scares+/- Navigating with the map is awkward but somehow also keeps things tense- Ugh, finding documents, then a key/item, then opening the lock. Then repeat this entire process over and over again- Sometimes you're out of items and/or can't get any further and you can't move past the ghost quickly enough...- ...which results in death, meaning you have to redo that part of the level all over again; documents/key/lock. There are no checkpoints- Performance issues; lots of stutterTip: there are better horror games out there...[Rating: 63/100]"
76561198021763379,Recommended,230840,20075950,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Daylight es un juego de suspenso terror, que puede resultar un tanto repetitivo, pero no por eso dejar de ser entretenido. Esta logrado hasta ahii todos los detalles tanto graficos y de jugabilidad. Recomendado si esta en oferta!"
76561198050408204,Recommended,230840,18697999,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,lesleynolan,"SPOILER alert somewhat...OK At first I HATED this game and gave it a scathing review.  Now ok partly because after playing every FRICTIONAL game repeatedly I am spoiled and nothing holds a candle to their work.  I HATED this game UNTIL I figured out that to keep progressing you unfortunately have to RUN through it, literally, looking DOWN for the most part and scanning around for those letters that glow and are called remnants that tell the story. I only got to the prison before being killed repeatedly and staring at the map. SO I restarted the game once I had read most of the remanants and discovered that Once you look ahead the damn ghost thing is there to nail you. ALSO I learned to save glow sticks and flares, light up a glow stick when you come upon a possible cache of more so you can ALWAYS have 4 in your stash, ditto flares when u find them. Also used flares to vaporize the annoying ghost things.That being said I played from beginning again and finished the entire game in a couple hours, with time in between to make cookies. SO while it kind of sucks to play a game spending the entire time trying NOT to be killed... it does work when you keep your eyes focused DOWN. forget staring at the walls I tried that still got killed. You have to RUN."
,Not Recommended,230840,9975680,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Taiyaki11,"When you can full on sprint throughout the whole area without so much as flinching at anything that happens (and trust me, that only happens once every 5 minutes of nothing happening while you run in circles) that isn't a good thing for a horror game. Even on the rare offchance you run into an enemy, the game holds no fear over you, why? because a simple flick of a flare keeps them at bay, which there is no shortage of, in fact my danger is of having TOO MANY flares. The enemy isn't scary anymore when you can scare them off without a second thought to their existance."
,Not Recommended,230840,10330857,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,The Big ZK,"AFter wandering around for an hour and not being able to further myself in the game I realized this game, if I ever was to find the ""key"", was just going to be the same thing over and over. Such a disappointment and not what I was expecting from the Unreal Engine 4. And to think I even preordered this game. Oh well, at least it wasn't $60."
,Not Recommended,230840,10085674,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,omgggg clarissa,"If you want a game so hilariously exploitable that you can avoid the ghosts simply by not looking directly at them, this is the game for you."
76561197992520287,Not Recommended,230840,10141351,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Maou,This game is terrible.  What a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,230840,10013780,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MultiSmashGaming,"If you expect this game to be scary think again... well actually the terrible framerates, ugly textures, and frustrating map with corridors that look exactly the same will make any one lose their sanity. I preordered the game thinking it would be the next outlast, well I was wrong don't be fooled like I was. Spend your money on any other game you want just not this one.Verdict: 3/10 terrible"
,Not Recommended,230840,10017121,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"For now I can't really reccomend this game to anyone, except horror fans who allready finished everything in genre.1.It took me a few days to run the game. Weird errors, crushing last Nvidia drivers, not being able to close the hanging application (and having to restart PC) - all this was really disappointing. But, hey I DID manage to run the game in the end, right? Have no clue how - one day it just start working. Before that I tried to reinstall drivers and checked my directX, read forums, etc. - didn't help. Both 1.0 and 1.1 versions didn't work. Now 1.1 does.2. The game is generic and not scary. Play Outlast, Amnesia or first Silent Hills for scares. Monster (s) are not scary, scares are not scary, protagonists remarks are the same all the time and it breaks the atmosphere.3. Graphics are so-so. I mean, this suppose to be U4 engine? Not inspiring textures, so-so lighting, etc. Of course, it is indie project. But why U4? Sometimes Unity games looks better. And most of the time I hold a glow-stick. So the game is green for the most of the time...4. Running. All you do in game is run. From room to room. That's it. No hiding, no fighting, no jumping. Running only.I'm a horror fan and I have nothing (horrible) to play. So I'll finish this game. Because of the story. Till now it's kinda interesting. But I can't recommend this game for the average player. Horror fans only. And only if you have nothing to play.P.S.: It's not a proper game. More like a spatial storytelling case study. Game design teachers would be happy to play it. The game utilizes technology to create media-unique experience. But it lacks personality, emotions and characters to care for.EDIT: Finished the game. Dumb writing. Can't understand what really happened in the game, who is the voice, talking to main character, etc."
76561197970704878,Recommended,230840,10000525,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,thirdeye47,"cant understand why this game got bad reviews. I absolutely love it so much. The atmosphere, the tension and the creepy factor are amazing. A must buy for me"
,Recommended,230840,9977446,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,FreshmanFox,"If a horror game is valued on how scary it is, then Daylight is scary good. When I was a little kid, I always thought that horror stuff is just some comedy thing for me.Daylight made me stop thinking that way.I jumped 3 times within one hour of gameplay, and was subconsciously thinking ""oh please no more of those Shadows"". I even felt relieved after I stop playing it.The gameplay was simple. Find Remnants, get the Sigil and unlock the lock. However, as you search desperately for those Remnants, you will be bombarded by noises that makes me search for the source of the noise, just so I can breathe easier. Things gets worse, however, when your smartphone, which is your source of light that doubles as your map, gets distorted. It is a sign that means you have to prepare to be terrorized. And yes, it is what caused me jump 3 times.Daylight doesn't put much into its storytelling, however. Remnants have a little bit of text that might explain some things, but it wasn't made very clear what was all of this mess about. It means that the only source of suspense in Daylight is its horror factor, not story. It was somewhat disappointing, but a game whose experience-between-games are never the same are ill suited to receive a story.Graphics-wise, it was fine. The Unreal Engine 4 draws shadows and textures finely, but user interface can be improved to give a better ambience. However, objects may fall somewhat awkwardly, to which I question about the ragdoll physics. It's still good, nevertheless.The audio for Daylight is pretty solid. The SFX for falling objects, disturbances and when the Shadows are attacking you is fairly good. VO isn't bad either; the main character speaks lines at pretty much random intervals, but it was made clear that she was scared and tried to put up a front at times, just so she can stay alive. There is no music in-game, but the menu music was describing the ambience fairly well.Simply put, Daylight is good. If you're thinking that horror games don't scare you, try Daylight."
,Recommended,230840,10376899,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Papabear3g,"I'm going to be honest here for those of you who aren't set on wether to get this game or not.  Now, I'm not a person who gets scared easily at all.  This game in my opinion, is very slow paced;  Half the campaign is to get some teddy bear or key and raise it up in the air to open the next door and continue on and do the same.  Don't get me wrong though, it gave off very chilly vibes and the dialogue was astonishing.  On the other hand, the framerate I was getting on this game was a little lower than expected.  When I play this, it feels like I'm playing a sort of puzzle or maze game.  The game wasn't as scary as I thought it would be, but then again, it's very difficult to get me screaming.  If you get scared easily and have much patience for games that usually repeat the same process to get to the next level, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,230840,9975222,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,リシテア,"Horror gaming isn't dead! Daylight is as if Silent Hill and Bioshock had wild sex and gave birth to a new diseased entity. Throughout the first level you will notice lots of familiar sights and sounds, such as surgical mannequins, wheelchairs, symbols glowing on walls and doors and doors that are perpetually locked.This game only costed me $10.The production rivals that of AAA horror titles.Pick it up!"
76561197997678124,Recommended,230840,34260394,Posted: 15 August,all,fragkitten,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I would say to grab it on a 50% off sale.First impressions: Aggravating. Upon starting the game, it prompts me and asks if I would like to run the game or the diagnostic. I select the game and it decides to run the diagnostic anyway. Why bother asking me then? This causes the game to start up alt-tabbed. Which at this ungodly hour(5AM) takes me a couple minutes to notice since I can hear music playing and thought that the game was just taking a while to load.So I tab in, see the menu screen and it seems neat. I find the aesthetics pleasing and my grouchiness subsides. I can never stay angry at my precious video games for long. Oh moodswings, never change. <3I navigate my way to starting a new game and I'm immediately hit with an over-pronounced head bob. If you've read my other reviews, then you know that I am helpless to the demon they call motion sickness. If you have the same problem with head bob then you know exactly what I'm talking about. Motion sickness with sneak into the room, circle your chair, and when you least expect it; kiss you on the lips. Effectively forcing you to nope the ♥♥♥♥ out of orbit so that you can go barf.And thus my darlings, I have lost count how many times I've said this. HEAD BOB NEEDS TO BE A TOGGLE!! JFC!!-ahem-So as I begin to wander, a voice comes in over my phone? It's a total stranger danger playground predator sounding guy talking the the main character. He seems to be offering insight into things, but a lot of the stuff he says is creepy in a not so good way. I think maybe the intention was for him to be cryptic or like Hannibal Lecter, but they may have missed the mark a little there. The voice never goes away and I kinda felt stalked by a lecherous sociopath. After a while I kinda tried to ignore him. Now that I think of it, I didn't really like the voice acting for either of the characters. They read their script well enough, I just felt like they were a little too over the top.I tried to play this several times and I kept getting stuck in the exact same spot. Then I figured out what I was doing wrong. If you keep getting stuck in the beginning area with the boxes, try this:Look for a box with ropes on it and drag it over to the taller ones before climbing up. If you try to climb up before you move the box, you will clip through and get stuck permanently, forcing you to restart the game.I appreciate that there is a map on the phone provided, even if it does seem to change a bit as you go along. And I like the glow stick mechanic as well. It's neat how it detects strange writing. I also really like that there are notes and pictures everywhere that talk about the people who once existed within the institution.Strangely enough, I got acclimated to the head bob and it wasn't so bad. The phone ended up helping a lot by taking my focus off the head bobbing. I had some trouble on the first level because I didn't realize that I was supposed to pick up an item that was floating in the air to unlock a door. Once I figured that out, everything else seemed pretty straightforward:Collect the red notes, find the power item at the 'sigil', and use it to unlock the next area.Sadly, this is the way you solve every single level throughout the game and it begins to feel redundant. After the fourth level, the story is really the only thing keeping me going. It's a good story too(with tons of little notes that fill in the blanks)! So I am happy for that.It doesn't feel really scary in the traditional sense. It's got a very spooky atmosphere and it can get a little intense when you're getting close to the end of a level. But for the most part, I was free to explore and collect items without being bothered by the ghost much. Take what I say with a grain of salt though, I am playing on Easy.The ending was a bit strange but acceptable. It didn't leave me with a bad taste in my mouth which is pretty important."
,Recommended,230840,34407631,Posted: 21 August,all,☭ Endles5 ☭,Finally a game that simulates the part of my job where I read papers and avoid people in the hallway.
,Recommended,230840,10106243,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,GMAK,"I came from Outlast and it's the reason why I wanted to try this game finally.The game is immersive and give some special mind effect to me. Graphics are good and the sound is great.I don't really like irrational games although, I think it could have a better story but it was good anyway with this weird story that I have not follow at all; I did no read the paper at all.But the downside is how long is this game. This game is too short. For 20$ it is too short. Double that to be fair imo.This aside, 8/10 !"
,Recommended,230840,10107272,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,mimikyu,"Pros: Scary, Immersive, Interesting and Entertaining.Cons: Short, Somewhat easy once you get used to it, needs better puzzlesI really liked this game. It nicely combines elements from other popular horror games, most notably Outlast (immersive exploration of dark + disturbing environments), Amnesia (you're chased by a mostly unseen danger, and encounters with enemies are intentionally short, meant to keep building tension) and Slender (you go around collecting ""pages"" in order to advance, and the more pages you have, the more dangerous it gets)To aid you in the finding of these pages you get glowsticks, which highlight containers where the pages _might_ be hiding.Also, you do not have access to weapons per-se, but instead are given flares to make enemies ""disappear"" for a little while.Those are the only items you get, and can carry a maximum of 4 (each) so yo can't go around spamming themProblem is, once you get the hang of it, it becomes quite easy to move around and never really be in any danger. By ""getting the hang of it"" i simply mean explore before collecting pages, learn the basic layout of the level, don't spam glowsticks/flares and that's it.Worst thing that can happen is you hit a dead end with an enemy behind you, but even then you might be able to just run past it without dying (and you auto-heal pretty quick so the damage taken isn't really an issue)Also, the protagonist never runs out of stamina, so you can basically run like hell for the whole playthrough and effectively reduce enemy threat to zeroThe game takes you through a total of 4 environments: Hospital, Prison, Sewers and Forest. Personally I found the Hospital and the Prison to be the scariest (mostly because they're very closed spaces with long dark hallways and it's really easy to imagine the suffering the residents must've endured), the other two are just not that creepy and are too illuminated for my tasteThe story is fine, enough to hold the game together. You learn most of it from the ""pages"" you collect (which can be newspaper excerpts, diary notes, institutional documents, etc.). Keep in mind that you do not necessarily find them in order, and there's also a lot of them so you probably won't be collecting all in the first few playthroughs.Graphically it's amazing. I do not have a powerful computer and it still looks great. The environments are very well done and seem quite realistic (which just adds to the immersion aspect of the game)The ambient sounds are pretty neat too, they really help in building up the terror atmosphereControls are OK, i just had this issue where sometimes i was standing in front of an object and tried to use it but couldn't, and had to step back and move around a little before the game actually showed the ""Use"" prompt (which is kind of annoying when you're in a dangerous situation trying to run away)TL;DR this is an excellent scary experience, packed inside an average game"
,Recommended,230840,9974341,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,luddybits,"I'm actually on the fence on this game. The game basically have you running around finding these remnants which you have to collect in total of 5-6 in order to proceed further into the level. It really reminds me of slenderman the game, its the like same type of game but at a variant. The game is very good on the first few levels but drastically drops through later into the game and because its a horror game, once you get used to it, the scare factor wont be as effective since the beginning. Once you figure out how the game is played, you would just hold shift and never look back. I would give this game 2.5/5 rating.http://youtu.be/TKGOcNE07hk"
,Recommended,230840,10103030,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,DMStewart,"Why do I keep buying these games?!? Outlast was good at making me jump nearly out of my chair whereas Daylight does something much different. In just the beginning of the game something I spotted gave me the chills. But it was so creepy that as the chills started to fade, they came back for a second round taht was stronger and longer than the first.Gameplay is simple and done correctly. Of course any good horror game needs to be minimalistic in its controls so that the environment and the content can deliver the intended experience. Compared to Outlast, this game seems to be a little nicer in all areas. Graphics, gameplay, and the overall environment all seem like a step or two above Outlast. However, Outlast did a  great job with the night vision function on the camera. And just the idea that you have something in your hand - your only ""weapon"" in the whole story - that can reveal something terrifying in the darkness just in front of you is really brilliant.Super creepy. And if you like this genre then you must own this. I actually dont like horror games but I keep buying them. End Note: For some reason Steam says that I only played the game for a little over a half hour. But I actually put in 1.5 hours.."
,Recommended,230840,9974048,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ran Yakumo 狐,"It's not a bad game.Not a great game, but not a bad game. I do recommend it, but wait for a sale.It's basically something of a cross between Slender page collection, and Outlasts exploration.You wander hallways and tunnels that are randomly generated each time, looking for remnants of the past of the area you're in, to find a key to open a door to the next area, repeat a few times until the end.There's the odd simple puzzle, but the 'meat' of the gameplay is along the scavenging.I did enjoy the game, but I feel it's not worth 15 bucks USD. Wait for at least 5 dollar markdown."
76561197985627713,Recommended,230840,9977527,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Vapors,"freaked me out, not the best story in the world and the ending was mephtastic but overall worth getting esp if on sale."
,Not Recommended,230840,9985602,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ʕ◉ᴥ◉ʔ,"While I did semi enjoy my playthrough I don't really recommend this game.I found myself bored of it maybe 20 minutes in, I enjoyed Slender: The Arrival more than this TBH.I will enjoy forcing my friends and family to play it thoughso if thats the case for you...if the game is on sale for 5 bucks or less, go for it."
,Not Recommended,230840,9986065,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,MUFFIN,"The game started really strong, but about 30 minutes in it began to follow a rinse and repeat formula that NEVER changes. The game after the opening sequence is as simple as a bore fest. It's a dull, unoriginal, tacky, Outlast rip-off.On a positive note; Unreal Engine 4 is one hell of an engine."
76561197991921123,Not Recommended,230840,9975949,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,meshuggah12345,"Not a very good 1st outing for UE4. The game is boring and uninspired. I had hardly any clue what was actually going on due to lack of storytelling. I cannot recommend this game at all, maybe at a $2.49 sale, even then there are far better games you could buy for that price."
,Not Recommended,230840,10046656,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ontyyyy,"See my total play time? Yes. 75minutes and i COMPLETED THE WHOLE GAME!DO-NOT-BUY. The game follows the steps of SLENDERMAN games.. You're simply looking for ''papers'' to be able to reach next level..1 type of ""enemy"".Through the game i came across this ghost ♥♥♥♥♥ less than 15 times...It has a great atmosphere but the whole gameplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t....♥♥♥♥, wheres my money."
,Not Recommended,230840,10222138,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"very average game, even below. boring and repetitive gameplay. and what's up with these ""mobile phone in hand"" games?if you want ""abandoned hospital"" horror game, play Outlast, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is scary."
,Recommended,230840,9973410,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Olly,"Not great, Not badOk graphicsSome scary jumpscaresScary atomosphireGood for about 1 - 3 hoursSlightly boring at times7/10Don't listen to the reviews from people like gamespot (Who only gave it 3/10)"
,Recommended,230840,9991112,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Panda,"Lots of people posting negative reviews, but they have not played it to the end. The game worked fine for me without any crashes, although I did encounter a small lag spike near the end, it was not game breaking.I very much enjoyed this game. It's nothing ""new"" you're in a haunted hospital, trying to escape, and the graphics are average. However it did succeed in putting fear into my mind and absorbing me into the game. And found my heart beating fast as I made a break for the door once I got the ""key"". As ending, which I will not reveal here for spoiler reasons, I feel was very well pulled off.I feel this is a one playthrough game though, unless you generally enjoy mazes as the best part of the game is reading the various notes scattered throughout the rooms and hallways.  The maze itself does change with each playthrough so if mazes are your thing, this game will have infinite replayability. For the cheap price, I would definitely reccomend buying this game."
76561198050750789,Recommended,230840,10047767,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"Hmmmm , really ?This is The scariest game released untill Now After OutLast.Witch Witch Witch Witch WitchWitch everywhere and She can whisper in ur ears :((Damn like someone Beside you then if she find you <<<< hhhh You have to buy it and see what happenRecommended for you 10-10 from me :)"
,Not Recommended,230840,9972955,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Rimu,Game is bad. The menu system is atrocious. I can not find a way to rebind the horrible controls. Gameplay is bland it adds nothing to the platter of horror games already. They give you no direction so you can end up getting lost often. The game is locked to 30 fps with the graphics being standard to pc gaming.
,Recommended,230840,9976049,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Spookyfast Jumperfish,"""UE4 has stopped working""Truly a flawless debut for Unreal Engine 4, the game is so good I'm not allowed to play it.I got to pay 10 bucks to not play a game, which is great! Playing video games is such a hassle, so the folks over at Zombie Studios decided to help a ♥♥♥♥♥ out and save me some time.I got♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, I can't be playing video games all day, I just needed something to waste my cash on!Once again, thank you Zombie Studios, thank you Unreal Engine, you are truly the saviors of gaming."
76561197983666201,Recommended,230840,9972783,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Dented Car,"Not a bad game. In fact, I'm enjoying it.The game does manage to build tense moments, scares and even frightens - I've run from a few ghosts several times. At times, I couldn't help but feel like something was lurking behind me, and sometimes there was.My only complaint is that Sarah, the main character, speaks. Maybe the devs thought this would immerse the player, but it does the opposite and makes me aware of the developer. Yes, Sarah, I know someone (or something) is there. I'm thinking about it as I play.I picked this up for $10 on a pre-order. No regrets."
76561198014101951,Not Recommended,230840,9988246,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,mykey.,"Enormously underwhelming and derivative, Daylight takes elements from just about every survival-horror game you've ever played and offers nothing in return. Though decidedly and mercifully short, Daylight still manages to be a repetitive chore, directly implementing game mechanics from Outlast, Slender: The Arrival and Amnesia: The Dark Descent, without ever transcending or doing justice to those titles. The entire production feels lazy, from the writing, to the bare-bones sound design.  It's almost insulting to think that the game's length (and price) could be justified by its apparent ""randomly generated"" enviroment, when in fact its an exercise in back-tracking and uninspired level design with every playthrough.If you are any kind of fan of survival-horror, avoid this disaster at all costs."
,Not Recommended,230840,9973322,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,"I wish I could play this game, but the framerates and unstability does not allow me to enjoy at all. Even with good hardwares, it runs poorly and is a bad example for showing the Unreal Engine 4. As being promoted as ""procedurally-generated"", it is more like take a lot of time to load, every rooms in the game are pre-defined and are the same at every tries, false advertising strikes again."
,Not Recommended,230840,9980755,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Panda,"A game with a nice idea, a really bad design and annoying gameplay. Get Outlast or Slender instead."
76561198084393462,Recommended,230840,10001096,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Cupcakelazer,"So scary my friend punched himself in the face from fear, whilst playing it.. 10/10"
76561198042053022,Not Recommended,230840,10213233,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,[WL] Homura Akemi,"“Daylight” should have been left in the dark.This survival horror game leaves players in the dark with a serious lack of direction, but does contain music that will inspire the fear of darkness. There is very little to offer in this horror game except a marketing tool. “Daylight” will frustrate you just as much as it will frighten you.“Daylight” places players in an abandoned hospital, where they play as a woman named Sarah. She wakes up clueless and disoriented, with only a cell phone and a few glow sticks and flares to guide her in the dark. With only a mysterious voice giving her vague clues, she must explore the hospital and discover its history before she is able to escape.This kind of story has been told before in survival horror games, and “Daylight” hardly offers anything different. With a worn-out setting like a hospital, one can already expect things like evil doctors and crazy patients, making things predictable.The gameplay is simple and easy to learn. Players have to use their cell phone light, glow sticks and flares to navigate through the dark halls of the hospital. Shadow people will randomly appear throughout the hospital as the game moves on. Being caught by them is almost an instant game over. Players can run away or toss a flare at them to make them disappear.Players will have a difficult time figuring out what to do, as the game provides no clear indication of what to do or where to go. The clues provided are vague and will have you literally running around in the dark hoping you’re on the right track.A big problem with “Daylight” is the lack of a save function. Players can only save their progress by reaching a checkpoint. There is no indication of where or when you have arrived at one, making it frustrating when the shadow people catch you.The game’s music and sound is frightfully amazing. It’s eerie and quiet, and the unsettling sounds mixed with the subtle but tense music really pulls you in the game’s world. When you run, you can hear the soles of your shoes scratching the floor. The audio cue for nearby shadow people is a quick and loud screeching, making the player look around at where they are coming from. “Daylight” gets the music and sounds right, but doesn’t make up for the game’s lack of direction.“Daylight” was something that should have never seen the light of day. It offers nothing new or unique to the genre. Players can stumble through the game in about three hours and leave it in the dark after they are finished. It is exclusive to PS4 and PC. Even priced at a measly $15, I still suffer from buyer’s remorse."
76561198025369330,Not Recommended,230840,10738487,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dulest Dagger,"Terrible terrible game.What makes it terrible?-Horribly optimized, and I mean horribly. Game looks pretty good, certianly not any better than outlast and runs like crap.-Dull gameplay that consists of running around dark empty halls.-No real sense of tension, plenty of flares, and ghosts aren't that common anyway.What makes it good?-Visuals are pretty good.-Setting is interesting albeit cliche.-Mercifully short.Pretty much a bog standard horror game that is nothing more than a cash grab."
,Not Recommended,230840,10002593,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mattguy,Is anyone there?
76561198220293837,Recommended,230840,22301312,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lukelite™,Hands down one of the scariest game ive ever played defienetly worth the money.
,Recommended,230840,10041306,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[DisZeLegend],"First of all I would like to say this is one of the first games to try using the new Unreal Engine 4. Also if your still deciding to purchase make sure that your video card can use DX11 AND that if your using windows 7 that it is updated to Windows 7 SP1 or higher.As for the review Ill try to keep it as brief as I can:Pros:- Random generated enviorments (To an extent)- Multiple ghost that haunt you instead of just one main one- Audio is well done- Use of glow sticks and flares that help find messages or send ghost away- Special Twitch commands (Viewers can type special commands that could possibly add more creepy atmosphere to the    player)- Fun to force your jumpy friends to play- Random encountersCons:- Character audio cues sometimes hit and miss (Girl says she sees the ""entity"" even though it never showed up in front of the player)- Poor implementation of the Unreal engine 4 (Kinda felt like UE3 then 4)- Slightly repetitive- The ""Mystery Voice"" that the main character hears isnt really that intresting; speaks in random riddlesPersonal Opinions:- A stamina bar would help greatly in this game. Being able to sprint unlimitly through the entire game ruins the survival horror aspect.- PLAY WITH HEADPHONES! Like any real horror genre gamer create the perfect mood when you play this, imerse yourself in it! You played the whole game with low volume and lights on? Good for you, you just ruined it.- Make sure you got the right hardware to play this! (See above)Conclusion:I had low expectations for this game but it did considerably well. Most of the scares are jump ones but so what? Its only 15$ or the price of a movie ticket. One of my experiences I had was when I was walking down a hallway and heard some screams coming from the dark room to my left so I went down the right hallway only to see a dark apparation walking slowly towards me forcing me to go the opposite way causing me to hide in a room were suddenly all the lights went out....... If your a real horror enthusist I would recomend picking this up. This game reminded me alot of Grave Encounters to btw7.5 out of 10+ Cheap but fun scares+ Felt like a horror survival+ Random generated corridors and object locations- Poor use of new engine- Repetitive"
76561198080812608,Recommended,230840,10077983,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Damarcoos,"Ok, this game has had some bad reviews. But being a horror fan i enjoyed this title, the atmosphere the game creates is great and leaves you feeling nervous and quite frankly scared. The gameplay is decent and the enemies are kind of weak and the same scares kind of wear off on you after the first few times of encountering them. One thing i loved about the game was the randomly generated levels which opens up another playthrough. The graphics are impressive but there are a few bugs, after one of the recent patches my save got corrupted and had to start the level i just completed but that wasnt too big an issue. The price is ok for this game, it isnt long though i completed it in just under 3 hours or so but like i said you can replay the game and get a kind of different experience through it. 8/10"
,Recommended,230840,10394275,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,979COMPUTER,i like this game i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
,Recommended,230840,10523021,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,-=[dMw]=-Gh0st Face Killah,Interesting game.
76561198105162629,Not Recommended,230840,10004831,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,RvD,Extremely bad and repetitive game just save your 9 dollars and buy smth else.
,Not Recommended,230840,9973119,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,stuwhisson,"If you like your games to be super repetitive and lacking in atmosphere, then this is for you. It's much like being caught in one of thoe Maize Mazes in the countryside in summer. At first they are ok but it soon wears off as you go around and around, looking at the same thing, over and over. Yet, with Daylight we get a story, which isn't much. I played this for about an 40 mins and basically I couldn't take anymore. The graphics are really poor, despite having everything set on max and having a good system to run it on. I was hoping that given that this was one of the firsr games to use the new engine we would see something different, but instead it's really rather poor. Granted the game is cheap, but seriously, there are much better games on Steam and elsewhere that deserve your money. Polygon rated this as a 5 and I thought that perhaps they were being harsh. In reality, they were being generous. This is quite easily one of the worst games I've played of this genre, come to think of it, of any genre."
76561198271859822,Recommended,230840,24249027,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,adamchilds88,Let me just say this.I have not comepleted this game but I only plkayed for 10 mins to get used to the mechanics. It is fairly well optimesed.Hopefully when I turn out the light this game will present a nightmarish experience
76561198125407663,Recommended,230840,9973127,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,NightingaleJake,"great game, very jumpy! a must buy 10/10"
76561197989129610,Not Recommended,230840,26139391,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Megabyte [RSSD],"A randomly generated set of corridors where you try to avoid seeing anything scary... but a mess of a game.In my short three hours (why Im NOT writing a full review of this trash... I can't make myself keep playing) I have had the witch spawn literally right in front of me killing me by blind luck multiple times, lost untold flares and glowsticks due to needing to find the required notes being hidden in lockers where instead I was told I just couldnt hold more and now the locker was opened and unsearchable, had lockers WITH said notes refuse to open due to exact exact possitioning of it falling over in front of me, and been stuck in the room with the sigil you need in my hand, but the witch spawning RIGHT in the door so trying to leave is a death sentence.The random generation used for this game is actually to it's detriment as it leaves little for you to hide with that is even less effective... and the general gameplay is a reminder of why Slender: the Eight Pages and all it's clones were only good in a pre-Amnesia: The Dark Descent world.Avoid this game."
76561197994196352,Recommended,230840,9974846,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Jooby,112 minutes to complete. lel 10/10
,Recommended,230840,22352629,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nuck3nfuts,Can we please make this a VR game. I would love to really♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in VR
,Recommended,230840,10837479,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Neo,"Scary Game, still haven't finished it."
,Recommended,230840,12574034,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Krypto,"Not a full review yet, I'm not really into supernatural horror. I'm more of a sci-fi/fantasy horror guy; stuff like Resident Evil and Left 4 Dead. Mainly because the jump scares are less something lurking around the corner or that huge beast that busted through the door, but something running across a doorway or something magically appearing behind you. I kind of hate that.For starters, since I only just got started, I can say this game doesn't scream next-gen, but it subtly whispers it to you. You'll notice no jaggies or sharp edges popping out at you. And I don't even remember there being a tessellation setting. The game performs well on a 7970@1440p only stuttering occasionally, otherwise the slowness seems more a design choice as even with the controller sensitivity cranked up. You can imagine a game with this engine that has a superior art team.Update: After playing a while, it's okay, kind of creepy--dig the atmosphere--but again, I don't really like these types of scares. Some of the level design indoors seem very repetitive, like I had no idea aside from the map where to go because it all started to look alike. I read somebody say it was partially randomly generated, but why? The levels are pretty small.And there are ""levels"" you can clear. It seems like a better design choice would have been to have an open mansion or hospital or whatever. You use your glowstick, find 4 remnants in the first two stages and them find the special item I can't remember the name of. Level clear. Whatever. I was more interested in the game as a no combat thriller using Unreal 4 than I was of it being an actual game.At $10 perhaps I'd recommend it like a phone or tablet game. I'm going to play it like a casual horror game to pass time, get a few scares and enjoy Unreal 4.I had to get this, even with the Unreal 4 demoes available I had to just see what it can do. Now I'm semi-excited for Arkham Knight, even though it's a console optimized game. Hopefully they'll allow PC gamers to ratchet up the settings as they see fit. I will say this game immediately makes the fans on my 7970 spin up. I guess Unreal 4 must be more parallel as it must immediately start to put the card to work just for stuff like lighting calculations alone. I hope devs keep pushing our cards like this with well optimized games so PC can stand above console legitimately, not just with ports."
,Not Recommended,230840,11286805,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Snort Cannon,"Daylight is a horror game that was created to freak the players out but will it scare you or will you want to go play a better horror game ? In Daylight you play as Sarah, she wakes up in a hostpital and you hear a mysterious voice of a doctor that guides you to Daylight. So how is this game ? This game is not worth your time. Now lets go through the pros and cons. The pros: The atmosphere is amazing it really feels lonely and scary in these kinda places. Controls are fluid and simple to use. Unique approach to the horror genre. But thats all of it thats good about this game. Now about the bad. The game is a maze and the map on the phone barely helps so no point in using it you will have much more luck wandering around. The game is short you can pretty much beat it in an hour. The story is consisted of scraps which you have to find to understand the story. Boring objectives which are always the same. Overall Daylight is a pretty mediocre horror game which i cant recommend. Daylight gets a 5/10"
,Recommended,230840,12586280,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"I'll be giving this game a thumbs up but just barely.Reason why is because though it isn't the greatest of games, it certianly isn't the worst game that people have been calling it for the past few months. I can see some of the negatives that people are talking about but here's the Pros and Cons I found about the game and I'm sure you'll be surprised:Pros -- Some scares actually do make you jump and the dark hallways do give you the sense of dread.- The controls are soild as a rock. Nothing needs changing about them because the gameplay is actually really decent.- The mechanics of the game like trying to shine a light on the item you need to look for is pretty cool.- The levels are pretty neat in their design.Cons -- The scares can get old very fast but still might give you a jump from time to time.- The graphics for a game using the latest Unreal Engine is pretty disappointing because the game really doesn't look that great.- Some of map layouts can be confusing as all hell.- Voice acting = D Movie level of cheese.Overall:The game really isn't that bad but be warned though, I'd recommend you get this game at least 5 pounds because at the price it's at now it's still a caution buy."
,Recommended,230840,10016122,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Fookin wanka,Sexy ghost butts everywhere 10/10
,Recommended,230840,9976645,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Monto,"http://youtu.be/POd4Hr7viXYHad to stop my Let's Play early cause i was gonna crap my pantsmade me scream like a B*tch cause the chick kept popping up infront of me, but hey, atleast i wore a clean pair of boxers!Don't listen to these cry baby reviews of how it's ""bad"" or ""not scary"" this gave me exactly what i expected from it. People complain too much for a 10$ pre order/ 15$ game. The Unreal Engine 4 works great. The atmosphere is amazing and makes you feel alone 24/7, the ghost/scary chick/floating screamer/chick always on your d*ck/whatever you wanna call this B*tch is one hell of a jump scare when it hits you in the right spots at the right times.In other words id recommend this game to anyone with a sense for good atmosphere and proper scares.The game isn't ment to be hard nore is it ment to be amazingly easyIt's got great scares and amazing timing when it you're tense and when ur hearts pounding.Don't believe these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews people are putting up, this games worth every penny"
76561198012009062,Recommended,230840,9974478,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,🅱🅴🅰🆁🅳🅾,"it's been a while i haven't played a horror game that really scares me , haven't finish yet but i really recomand it! it's a amazing horror game!"
,Not Recommended,230840,12411668,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jeff⑬Dahmer [HR],"Why....why....why did I have to select the ""Do NOT RECOMMEND"" button. Well future buyers (Let's hope not, cause BEWARE!)- First of all, this game heavily overloads/uses system resources, GPU overheats, CPU, and not to mention the long loading times, stuttering, hickups and more...AND...this is practically with the game on it's almost medium to low settings. Granted graphically then the game looks fine, but still performs AWFULLY! I really wanted to enjoy it to the fullest extent. But I just had to uninstall it due to the constant weird noises it made my GPU produce, oh and the framerate ofcourse. You cannot rebind the keys, you can't do pretty much do anything other than the default settings. So beware...until they FULLY adress the issue at hand with the abysmal performance...for the sake of your hardware, don't buy it....not worth your money...at least not for now. I'm sorry to have said this about a ""horror"" game as I'm a completely overly obsessed freak with anything having to do with horror...but even I can't lie to myself...or others. AVOID....for now."
,Recommended,230840,10061957,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Infernyll,"(Personal Score & Reasons to buy down below)Daylight promised a lot of things, and most of those things weren't delivered. But let's not focus on what it should have been, but on what it is. I am a huge horror fan, and I have probably played most of the horror games out there, or at least tried them.Daylight is procedurally generated, which is a double edged sword, on one hand, you have supposedly unlimited ways to get scared, but here lies one of the biggest gripes of the game for me: there's not enough variation on the scares. 30 minutes in I had experienced most of the random scares more than once each. The same whispers play over and over, there's only a number of times that a chair moving or something falling will be scary, and then there are some very awful jump scares. So it got tiresome a bit. What kept the game very tense and kept me on edge at times was the sound design and a couple of times where the witch was chasing me. That said, the ambience is top notch, and so is the soundtrack and sound design.Another gripe I have with the game is that the main character talks too much. Again, there's only a number of times that you can hear your character (for whom you feel nothing) comment on something or just saying ""I know you're in here!"" - which totally breaks immersion. That said, I liked that they added the commentary, since I felt it gave a bit of humanity to the character, but it should have been kept to a minimum.And now this is a personal complaint: I am a fan of exploring and I like to take in the atmosphere, but in Daylight you can just turn on a glowstick and it will tell you where everything is by making it glow. I think this makes the game way too easy, since you're just wandering around and collecting remnants (more on that later) and picking up glowsticks and flares. I felt that this was too much handholding. The glowsticks even illuminate the beautiful and dreadful environments more for you, which takes a bit away from the ambience (it changes it a lot). I like the flares though, you use them to scare the witch away (even though it makes it a bit easy, although they can be a bit scarce at higher difficulties) and I really like how they light up the environments. And this brings us to the witch: I think it's awful that on easier difficulties, during the first levels she cannot kill you (false sense of security? No. Just stupid), and I felt that on later levels and higher difficulties it just became too hectic, the tension wasn't given time to grow, it was just jump scare after jump scare, and that's a smaller gripe I have with the game. I say smaller, because this made it extra difficult to explore the environments and that made me frustrated, and I say that in a good way because that actually achieved the tension that the game should achieve even for people who are not fond of exploring. It worked for me, but it won't work for everyone.You progress through the game by repeating a simple objective: grab X amount of remnants to spawn an object that serves as a key to a door that is locked by a force field while evading the witch, whose aggressiveness goes up as you grab the remnants. The remnants are, by the way, notes that fill out the story of the game. Seems familiar? It's almost a glorified Slender clone in terms of gameplay, and although I like Slender (heck, I even developed a Slender clone as my first game with my team) it has been overused and this just feels lazy from the developers' part. They could have easily brought more variety to the gameplay to make the game feel more unique.Now on to the story: it is GOD awful. I consider the story one of the most important elements of a horror game, it brings that extra spice to the atmosphere through context, and this game is an awful example of it. The story, albeit not horribly written is completely uninspired and cliché. They picked up every cliché from a couple of popular horror movies and built something with no heart and no soul. I saw a lot of Poltergeist there, and even a bit of Silent Hill, if we touch on horror games too. I felt nothing for the characters, because they were barely characters. I could hear Sarah breathe and comment on some situations that happened during the game, but I could not FEEL her character. Why should I care that she was brought here? Heck, why was she brought here? Who the hell is this dude talking to her through the phone, why is he talking to her, why is she not questioning that he is talking to her, why is she not questioning that she has been sent into this creepy old♥♥♥♥♥hospice and WHY WHY WHY? Etc. You get the point. And then the ending comes (no spoilers) and you're just left speechless due to probably one of the worst endings in the history of entertainment (IMO). And probably shortest too.That said, Daylight is still entertaining and worthwhile if you're a horror fan and want to get your fix, but wait for a sale. I finished the game in 4 hours and a half, found most of the remnants (all the remnants available during the playthrough) and, to be honest, I don't really feel like playing it again so soon. I might go for another playthrough just to see how much it changes, but I will only play it again in a few months up to a year. Getting more of the story is not really an incentive to go through again since the story is not good, and the fact that the layout changes does not change much of the core gameplay since the objectives are always the same and so is the witch's behavior. Overall, Daylight is okay.Personal Score: 5/10You should buy it if:- You are a horror fan- You are able to lower your expectations- The game is on sale- You like Slender / are not bothered by Slender clones (which this is, almost)- You are able to put the story aside and focus on the ambience and exploration"
,Not Recommended,230840,9973617,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Polite People,Bought this game with my last money. The game won't start.Scariest experience ever 10/10
76561198057755597,Not Recommended,230840,13514671,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,madge,"Downloaded this game to find it glitchy as hell, could not go more than 20 feet without freezing up or losing control of the woman , Disappointed"
76561198136021524,Recommended,230840,13140890,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BlackLizard,grandma is in my body - nice bug11/10
76561197976195642,Recommended,230840,9981285,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Alex2Kx,"This is a great game for first time horror players. For anyone who has finished a game like Amnisia or Outlast however, this may get a little slow paced after about an hour or so. The feeling of 'i'm in danger' is less present than 'i'm really lost,' most of the time.-Visuals take a little getting used to but they are fine, the effects of the different light sources are cool and the glitching of your map could be a challenge if your trying to move fast and forgotten the layout of the area.-Gameply is basicly this: Explore, memorize routs, Find objects to uncover the story, fing the 'level key', and bring it to the sealed door. This seems to repeat, however at this point I have only gotten past two levels before wanting to get back to playing Dark Souls II...So a good game for horror noobs, but may be blan for vetrans of the genre. If you like mystery, this game has a lot of not knowing exactly what is going on."
,Not Recommended,230840,9973213,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Shadowfied,"Horrible piece of crap.First off, the field of view is like 40 and there doesn't seem to be a way to change it.It's a BAD copy of the Slender games, scripted events, bland layouts, low textures. I really expected more from this. Stay away people. The only ones recommending this are kids who can't admit a bad purchase."
76561198079893372,Not Recommended,230840,9972982,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,DerkThunder,"So on the bright side this game is creepy at first. Things go bump, and you hear noises and apparitions sometimes appear behind you or at the end of a hall providing a good jump scare.But that's about it. I spawned in a hospital of some kind an ran around a bunch of hallways. I found 5/6 ""remnants"" which were pages strewn about the level. None of these pages seem to tell a cohesive story and they are all just random 'spooky' notes.I went through the entire area available to me like 3 times, even using the maze trick where you only make left turns unless forced otherwise, and I was still unable to find the items I needed to progress. Even after I found 6/6 remnants I still could not progress past a door blocked by a glowing symbol. This is not good level design, its like being lost in a crappy maze, where every hallway looks identical, and every prop and piece of scenery seems to repeat its self over and over in different locations.I wouldn't really reccomend this game. It's not fun and it's confusing. Even with a map it's very hard to tell what areas you have explored and what areas still might lie undiscovered. It's basically a walking simulator in the dark, where you have no idea where you go or what you do, and where 99.99% of the environment can't be interacted with."
76561198114475876,Recommended,230840,12008461,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Thanatis,only got to play the game once now it wont open at all. WORST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,230840,9976553,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,zbc2001,This game is Fan♥♥♥♥ing tastic get it stream it and scream like a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,230840,23047133,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kfc pesan antar,not that scary :v but it's cool
,Recommended,230840,16430394,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hitchet,This unoptimized UE4tech demo gamecorridors generator will burn your videocard out.6/10
,Not Recommended,230840,9979661,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Goddez,"Don't buy this game, it is full of problems. I should have looked into this before preordering."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,230840,9976361,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"Daylight is all about procedurally generated levels in a first person horror view. Which tries oh so hard to be scary, only to fail after the first 30 mins into the game. Its more of a first person adventure game, or hidden object than a horror. It has more of a fun house at a carnival feel than a horror game. The story is written so weak to where I don't know whats going on and nor does it ever make you feel like your part of it. Nothing but cheap jump scares which lose their power very fast, even more so once you realize how worthless and weak the ghosts are.Like to thank anyone who watches this review and you are able to see other reviews. herehttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rye6yXhSZQI"
,Not Recommended,230840,9973087,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Doctor Fudge,"Not terrible, but not great. Far too similar to far too many other games. It's scary enough to be recommendable, but it's not very imaginative. Give it a miss if you like, you won't be missing anything worthwhile."
,Recommended,230840,9974512,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Guanjyn,"It was pretty good. Had it's scary moments but definitely not as scary as Amnesia or Outlast. Once you know how to deal with ghosts, it's pretty easy to just run around and never have to see them. The game doesn't do anything new or original. I completed it in 2 hours. Didn't understand the ending so much as I think I got bored of reading the thousands of notes.I'd recommend it to any fan of horror, however £11.99 feels a bit overpriced. I think it's more worth the pre-purchase price I payed (£7.99)."
76561198062632709,Recommended,230840,9974185,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,kalcijs,"Yes, this game will give you some jump scares no matter how tough you think you are but only at the early stages of gameplay because this game uses the same way how to scare the player from the beginning to the end.Unfortunately the game has optimization issues on PC as many players have already reported and it might run poorly on certain rigs. The game crashed multiple times while playing and it hasn't happened to me in a very long time with steam games so yes this game obviously has some optimization problems.Short, scary game but nothing special as there are better games in this genre at the moment.WAIT FOR A BIGGER SALE IF YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,230840,9975168,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,stylerwat,"more like DayLag...decent new-gen amnesia copycatstyle type of♥♥♥♥♥♥.bonus - increased lag capacity by each level, constant freezes on each move - this is the real horror ♥♥♥♥♥es7/10 ♥♥♥♥ the lags"
,Not Recommended,230840,16338401,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dreadlol,You literally can't start the game
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,230840,9975497,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"This was an impulse buy. I dont usually do that ever...but I've been following this game for awhile.  It seems promising. Procedurally generated levels every time you play = differant game every time.  Scary setting with nothing but a phone light and glow sticks to protect you. Seemed pretty interesting.  I played it for about an hour wasn't terribly impressed.  I was a bit scared at times sure, but not terrified as I wandered the hospital looking for items.Gameplay revolves around going from floor to floor finding notes. Once you've found 6 notes on for each level or ""board"" you go to a certain room that has an item of one of the insane people. You pick it up and carry it to a special locked door that allows you to progress to the next ""board"".That in a nutshell is the gameplay. Along the way you find glowsticks that show hints if you really need that.  All you do is click on everything, desks, cabinets, cupboards, whatever.  It gets very tedious very quickly.  There are some jump scares but  those are all that will get you the least bit frightened.  I only paid 10 bucks for it so its not terrible for a game like this. I just doubt i'll get 10 hours of enjoyment.  More like 2.  That equals 5 bucks per hour of entertainment. I guess for a video game thats not terrible, I just would've wanted more gameplay variety.For a game like this it works, it really does. Its not annoying like outlast, where your camera light runs out of batteries after 5-6 minutes. You dont have to worry about battery power. You don't worry really about much at all.  Just click on all the doors, explore the hospital and pick up all the notes.In conclusion I think its not a terrible buy.  Get it now while its on sale. Its not worth more than 10 bucks."
,Recommended,230840,16543678,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,=@@= Yserazor,"Lots of frights, very good engine, very good story.Well done. 10/10"
76561198070202457,Recommended,230840,15198419,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Satedan,"Wow Daylight, truely a horrifying game.  I personally found this game scarier than any other game I've played before.  I haven't gotten around to finishing the game on this account but I played through the game while hanging with mates and they definitely enjoyed torturing me throughout the game as they knew the game was getting to me.There are a lot of horror games out there but I would definitely say that Daylight would be the scariest one.  My first time playing the game did not go very well as that was done on this account, the game scared me quite quickly to the point where I actually quit and decided to play another game.  My mates eventually talked me into playing through it while I was hanging with them and the horror value of the game stayed high throughout the game.This game may not inflict the fear in other players but it definitely did a good job at scaring me and I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good horror game."
,Recommended,230840,9981426,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,RinKhalz,"Here it is ... DayLight !I preordered it for only 10€, and i can tell you that i'm proud to have bought it !I have played maybe all horror games that exist, from Dead Space to Slender The Arrival, or OUTLAST etc...then i played this one, first of all :- This game is a real Engine Showcase ! It shows perfectly the whole new Unreal Engine 4 ! Which is absolutly awesome ! Depth of Field is so realistic, as the lights and the awesome shadows (Real time, of course ! )-No bindings !!! This is a thing that should be fixed quickly, i managed to change them by heading to the Main folder of the game and manually change themfor further information : (QWERTY TO AZERTY)First go in your DayLight Folder, located in Steam/Steamapps/CommonFirst to edit the movement, edit the file named ""BaseInput.ini"" located in Engine/config/Find the lines :+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Z, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=S, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Up, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Down, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Gamepad_LeftY, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=A, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=D, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=Gamepad_LeftX, Scale=1.f)And change them to :+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=W, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=S, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Up, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Down, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveForward"", Key=Gamepad_LeftY, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=Q, Scale=-1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=D, Scale=1.f)+AxisMappings=(AxisName=""MoveRight"", Key=Gamepad_LeftX, Scale=1.f)This is for AZERTY, right handed !if you are like me and left handed, do the same and replace only the Q and D key with ""Left"" for Q and ""Right"" for D (No quotes, and yes it is inversed with the AxisName)Then, let's speak about the Game itself, i finished it of course !+The game has an amazing ambient, sounds are perfect and match perfectly with the environment !+So scary !! Probably one of the scariest game i played ! The ghost haunting you is just horrible and his moving are good, and of course, he can jumpscares you ! I also like the sounds he makes when he is right behind you, threatening !+ The price ! Of course 10€ is nothing compared to this game !+ The maps : Every maps is generated randomly, this means you can never have exactly the same maps, some places stay (Like key places, or some rooms) but are placed randomly in those corridors. Otherwise, it is now no more possible to fallow a youtuber like Pewds or anyone else and playing the game without understanding anything, and then, this has a great impact on the hours you will pass on this game, a lot of replaying possibilities !+ Achievement, as usual, makes you pass longer hour on the game, some are hard as hell !+ Difficulty : The difficulty is changeable, to fit better with your experience, try Hard mode without destroying your pants !Now what is bad in this game ? Here :-Bindings (See on top)-Short ! Story to short ! But replayable-Problems with DX11....................and thats all !17/20, We want more !"
,Recommended,230840,9973215,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Dr. Lucifer Crow (Nvidia Shield),"This game is basically the same thing as Amnesia or the Penumbra series. A shadow here or there, things slamming. Jump scares is what makes it scary. Play it alone in the dark. It plays great on the Nvidia Shield."
76561198020784501,Not Recommended,230840,10258650,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Concat999,"A game that disapointed me, I pre-ordered going by what the developers said and what they promised was not delivered. No random worlds, poor level design that just gets boring and repetative fast. And the enemy just keeps resawning so fast later on that it gets unfair to do anything. So do not buy unless you see it on sale for a max of 5 bucks. any more is a waste. So only pick this one up if on sale but not now at full price."
76561198134980668,Recommended,230840,9981166,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,wikluhsky2343,Faild promise...awfull nonesense.
76561198060081631,Not Recommended,230840,10688445,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Not Emery,"I have had many difficulties with this game. I launched it and it was studdering around at low fps. After messing with the settings, i got it to a playable setting, but still bad. Random FPS drops, Movement sensitivity won't just for controller, and I had to play from afar so it wouldnt hurt my eyes. This needs serious ajustments for PC."
,Not Recommended,230840,9980502,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Untamed Caviar,"When I saw this title, I was sold on the concept of a procedurally generated world, but after playing it for 30 minutes, I realized all that meant was an endless maze of dull, featureless corridors.If there was something more to the game than traipsing around, collecting items to unlock the next set of dull, featureless corridors, and occasionally warding off ghosts with flares, then I might have retained interest for longer than half an hour.At least the voice acting is rather good - although, it is next to useless, as far as exposition is concerned.Also, good luck getting this game to run. I was lucky enough to play it after updating my graphics drivers, but the forums are full of people who are stuck with errors.4/10."
,Not Recommended,230840,9981969,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,GeneralGinger,"I came expecting a horror game, and that's exaclty what I got. Except this is on a shiny new engine, the Unreal engine 4 to be precise. This is pretty scary for the first good 20-30 minutes. You're a random woman with no recollection of what is going on or how you got there, you're only guide being a mans voice through the hallways.This sets for a very brief tutorial, from the game having very little thing to interact with. The bases being glow stick and flare before letting you go into the hallways yourself. while you're roaming you find some pieces of paper explaining back story, and that's all really you get until the end. So if you're looking for a nice story you're going to have to play through several times.The scares drop off quite quickly, though before that they're pretty good. Seeing as the shadow can move as it pleases through the dark, and enjoys popping in at your side so only it's face is in your peripheral, just standing there until you either turn towards it or freeze in terror. What really ruined the illusion was the fact thatYou learn that she makes a specific noise when she's around, so you can easily walk back wards into her. This causes her to dissapate for a few seconds, letting you turn around and run.This game looks great visually, Lights and things cast great shadows. Can't really say about textures, but I think they look nice. Sound quality is really good, whether from dripping pipes to running water and screams. Story wise it's pretty weak from what I've gathered in my playthrough, despite not finding all the papers yet. Though I will say I like the way they tied in the ending to the begining. Overall It'd be better if it was cheaper, and that the OST wasn't only 3 songs. Will recommend if you're looking for a look at the new engine, wouldn't recommend if you're looking for a game that will hold you for awhile."
,Not Recommended,230840,10122706,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Domino [:.:],"Even if you manage to get the game working its too short, U probably spended more time trying and getting it to work then it actually play. Real let down"
,Not Recommended,230840,10134296,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,I_R_Wiesel,"I had high hopes for this game when I bought it however, I did not like the game after playing it. The story was not good and it had repetitive game play, if it had a better ending then I would have enjoyed it more. If you want to play this game wait until it gets below $10."
,Not Recommended,230840,10117992,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Phoe,"While this game does have a great atmosphere it's simply too short and too shallow. I finished it in two hours. The procedurally generated levels only reset when you die and I only died twice in the entire game. It's far too easy, the game play is terribly repetitive and since the flares are an instant kill on all the ghosts, the only fear comes from if you run out of flares or when you can't hold one because of the sigil. This game had so much promise but it's more like a tech demo than a full retail game and the story is bare bones. Could have been so much more, very sad."
,Recommended,230840,9985720,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,JWRuthless,"Its a new game on a new engine, there will be bugs ext... ext... But I think this is a pretty good game. It may not live up to the hype but all in all im glad I bought it. It has good jump scares and a creepy atmosphere. I will recommend this game, all it needs is a few updates."
,Not Recommended,230840,10016607,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,krawtch,"~2 hours long, repetitive and mostly just bland attempts at scares.Collect scraps of paper, get key item, use key item to pass thru door to next area and repeat for 4-5 areas until the game ends suddenly with an ending that doesn't make sense."
76561198007345261,Not Recommended,230840,9978417,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,TK Beatz,"Why cant i get on the game i have been waiting to play this finally get it and it just goes to a white screen, am i the only one having this issue??"
,Recommended,230840,9982950,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,2dgamemania,"Good PointsNice Graphics, I played it through with all the settings up on full (using gtx 670) and run smooth, looking forward to seeing more games on this engine.AtmosphericScaryI did jump a few times even though I knew there was something behind me.Bad PointsShort Game, 2-3 hours"
76561198015343686,Not Recommended,230840,11318644,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,filmogriter,"This game, although visually spectacular (and it does run well on my machine), does not allow me to get past 2nd stage of the story. It bugs out and freezes.I contacted their support (through my regular email because their ""ingame"" support system just crashes), and they will not respond. I have asked steam for a refund but unfortunately they will not respond either.I would NOT recommend this game to anybody and I will continue to fight for a refund."
,Not Recommended,230840,10490445,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Zak Dingle,Can't get the game to work no matter how many fixes I try.
,Not Recommended,230840,10523694,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheBoucherC,"it was very anticipated but playing it for a bit , it was not worth the money i paid for this game, there is small scares but nothing as big as Ouitlast and this game looses its scare factor really quick, i regret buying this game, i wish that steam was able to refund people because this game is not worth it"
,Recommended,230840,29133809,Posted: 8 January,all,Wacko,A scary game I must say. The engine and story line are pretty atrocious but the random jump scares can get you.
,Recommended,230840,15452934,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Eske,"Well here is the mixed feeling know as ""Daylight"".First off I bought this game during early access and only recently got it working, ill note the problems I had and how I fixed them.1. Starting with twin screens (Oculus Rift mode), just open your local directory for the game and go into plugins and remove the ""OculusRift"" file.2. Crashing when starting story mode. For me the problem was ""Alien FX"" as soon as I put this in ""Go Dark"" mode it worked fine.Now as for the game itself, your placed in an abandoned hospital just trying to work out why or how you got there in the first place. If your into your ""Paranormal"" experiences then you'll proberly enjoy this one, yeah it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get it working and yeah its only about 2-3 hours long but its quite enjoyable overall.As you play the game you go around reading notes, which tell you about the hospitals patients or photos of the area itself, some of these notes you have to collect to move onto the next area which are called ""Remnants"", but as you collect more of these the higher your threat level becomes making encounters all the more likely, and your defense is just a flare.Not amazing but not bad either, graphics are decent aswell."
,Recommended,230840,9975586,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Goudie71,game is scary pretty much like outlast like the unreal engine 4 design but the only thing i lol is the pre order bonus 33% off and an scary soundtrack but when i check the soundtrack there is just 3 musictitle i dont call this a soundtrack but doesnt matter the game looks like good if you need a scary night
76561198073597889,Recommended,230840,28981523,Posted: 3 January,all,Gen. Marcus Licinius Crassus,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING SCARY AS HELL!!!
,Not Recommended,230840,11205514,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Coffey,"This game is amazing in the sense that it is absolutely frightening in its unique ability to generate various forms of scares. If you're looking for a game simply to scare the pants off of you then you found the one. However, the plot of this story is horrible, and incredibly short. You could play this game non-stop and finish within an hour. That alone isn't worth the price.Upon reviewing the trailer, it's almost completely unlike the trailer.And don't get me started on the flawed engine this game runs on. It's so poorly produced, framerate drops so hard in the simplest of areas.TL;DR Only buy if you want a good scare. Not a story. Also keep in mind it's laggy as hell."
76561198071846603,Not Recommended,230840,11248275,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Grandma,"Literally one of the worst games I've ever played. Broken, not scary, quickly tiresome, and simply not enjoyable. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,230840,10396272,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,OneJibmoNation,"gets very repetitive very quick, it's yet another game riding on the whole slender train - only with better visuals. If you're into games like slender then I'd say get it, if not then prepare to be bored."
,Not Recommended,230840,10408455,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,greatclodes,"A shallow story that is dully told by a protagonist with no personality or discernable characteristics whatsoever and an almost abscent and cliché narrator in an unimpressive nightmare world.The ambiance is quite creepy, i'll give you that, until you notice the whole scenery in each stage is just a copy and paste of the same sections over and over  game, making a confusing maze, yes, but also a boooooring one.Moving objects are not enough to scare anyone these days. The only actual frightening thing is the only thing that can kill you: The nurses ghosts... but that's the only enemy in the game... and there's only 1 way of repelling it... and it gets old really soon.The game is linear and short, and there's no involvement whatsoever, you NEVER feel any empathy towards the protagonist or what's happening.And the ending.... there's no ending... just a stupid final phrase and a still illustrations aaaaaaand credits roll.No use in re-playing it. Not recommended. Maybe some jumpy players will enjoy a couple of jump scares, but for anyone who has enjoyed terror games such as silent hill or fatal frame, this will come as a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,230840,10660395,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PSIX,Bought it and getting the DX11 error while i've got DX11 installed.Tried any fix from Microsoft and nothing is working.DONT BUY IT NIGG'S
,Not Recommended,230840,10690123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BadLucky1776,"Hrmm... I really wanted to like this game. Very disappointed.1. Stutters terribly. Very low framerate (10-20 fps).This is on a i7 processor with a Nvidia GT545 card with 8gb RAM.Same computer plays Arma 3 at native 1920x1080 at 45-50 fps & Outlast at same, gfx set to high at 40-45 fps2. Non-programable controls.What decade are the Devs stuck in? I use a Razor Nostromo that is already setup for up, down, left, right and custom keys that I use for all my other FPS games. Suddenly you force me to use WASD? Thats fine if you're developing at Flash game. For crying out loud Doom and Wolfenstein 3d allowed for custom control configs.I tried to play this for about 3 hours maybe and spent most of my time trying to figure out what was worng with the engine and framerate/stutter when looking left-right issue. I have DX11.1, latest drivers, low textures, low res.... every setting imaginable = no joy. Finally gave up.I've waited a month to see if the Devs would complete this botched launch. Sadly they have not. I would like the money back (14.99) BUT not from Steam. I would like the Devs (Zombie Studios) to cut me a check as I feel they knowingly foisted an incomplete product with a broken engine onto the unsuspecting Valve guys. All I can say is to wait a while and thoroughly review the forums and reviews before purchasing."
76561198044846410,Not Recommended,230840,12271998,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,gtbm1e,This game fails to explain the story ( also you have to read a bunch of notes all the time and they don't explain much) and the ending  feels lackluster.
76561198038825555,Not Recommended,230840,30500146,Posted: 13 March,all,Mustang Minardi,I'd recommend this game if it weren't for the lack of field of view settings. Nvidia surround 5760x1080 res and no settings for depth of field besides enabled or disabled (which makes no difference what so ever) makes the game rather unplayable. Please make better depth of field settings. The game is terrible otherwise because you can't see anything around you. Tried finding a config file to set it manually but is written with another program.
76561198345075977,Recommended,230840,33457687,Posted: 11 July,all,Rouge the Bat,the game keeps crashing I get into the beggining walk around a little bit and then it freezes up saying loading in my left hand corner of the screen my computer past all the test to run the game dont know exactly whats happening its a great game tho but im sad it keeps freezing :(
76561198048493567,Recommended,230840,15065805,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LordZurlok,Fun
,Recommended,230840,16005555,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jackdaw,"It's a shame; this game hasn't worked for me whatsoever for quite some time. Something to do with the setup, apparently.But if it works for you, this game is an absolute blast....and terrifying."
76561197978273353,Recommended,230840,10211520,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Marhados,Not so bad actually. Its not a long game and certainly not the scariest game of all. But I would recommend this game for people who want to start in the horror genre and dont want the game to be too complicated and too scary. But wait for special onto it... I paid full price and feel awful.
,Not Recommended,230840,9973518,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Saint Satan,It's bad but I pretty much already knew that from watching gameplay videos.  I bought it mostly because it's the first game to use Unreal Engine 4 and it uses it POORLY.  I completed it in 1.5 hours and it was awful from start to finish.Don't spend more a penny more then $2.50 on this if you're tempted.4/10
76561198041282479,Not Recommended,230840,13208941,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dorian Jay,I played better free horror games. It just gets boring and forgetable
,Not Recommended,230840,10307658,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Coltsdale,"I didn't get far into this and I won't play it.Couldn't really tell you if it's scary or not, didn't get enough time with it to know.10 minutes in I was ready to throw up.I don't know what it is, if it's FOV, some lighting effect or motion blur, whatever. It was uncomfortable for my eyes to look at the screen and it made me nauseous. Of course that may not be the case for everyone.I'm still dizzy when writing this... ugh.Gameplay though.. I guess I can say the idea is nice, though the controls seemed odd to me. There's some guy talking to you and I had trouble understanding anything he says. He sounded way too mumbly.I'd actually looked forward to this game, long time before its release. I can say it didn't quite feel like the footage i'd seen back then... It feels way too covered in screen effects, which seems to be a trend since Outlast.Oh and there's options for Twitch in the game, which is naturally convenient, but it seems a little too much on the nose to me. Like it's a game in heat, presenting itself to Pewdiepie and his kind.I can't recommend this game since just 10 minutes made me feel like I got a hangover."
,Recommended,230840,9974025,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,zinnia,"It has F-ing glowsticks, GLOWSTICKS PEOPLE!"
,Recommended,230840,9974155,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Eon,"It's kinda creepy. Wish there was more to it. Procedurally generated doesn't generate more content, it just moves it around a little. The game looked and sounded pretty good.Honestly though, the setting is a bit creepy, but it's not scary. Everything is jump scares and it takes ideas of that from Slender. I thought that it was strange that you could just constantly run through the witch (the enemy) in the game without having to use flares.Anyways, decent game, but I still wish there was more content."
76561198062859385,Not Recommended,230840,10045856,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Hitman_Actual,"no FOV optimization. unreal engine .ini files are still programablephysics or game glitches, random FPS drops for no reason.boring and redundant"
,Not Recommended,230840,15208938,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ekim,I WANT MY MONEY BACK ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!!!
,Not Recommended,230840,10795372,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kuznetsov,Never buy this S H I T!
,Recommended,230840,21101428,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chun-LiMorriganFan85,"One of the most underrated games of recent memory from the now defunct Zombie Studios, the creators of Blacklight Retribution."
76561198353244989,Recommended,230840,32075213,Posted: 30 May,all,Bre,"Love it so much, so scary"
76561198112088677,Recommended,230840,16588348,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bigkemosabi,Holy jeez... I must be a puss. cause the amount of gameplay i have is all i could stand. Great game for scaring the crap out of your non gamer girlfriend.
,Recommended,230840,24300106,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Strawbs,"This game is way to scary 4\for me.Tab in, tab out. - .. I'm such a chicken.I rate this game around 8/10 of scaryness.Yeah it's absolutely terrifying so if you like to terrify yourself, DO IT.If you don't like to be scared/terrified by sound effects or a spooky ♥♥♥♥♥ ghost is running after you.. Then i'm sure this game isnt for you!Bye."
76561198123412837,Recommended,230840,9975603,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,python4161 4K,"I absolutely recommend this game. If you liked outlast, you'll love this game. plenty of scares and great atmosphere. 11/10"
76561198051084976,Recommended,230840,10039860,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Prismatic Lollipop,"First of all, i dont understand why alot of people had issues running the game.It clearly said GTX 470 or up, and the error message tells you to update win7, thats what i did and thats how the game started to run for me without any problems this far, except for one freeze only.about the game itself, its the first Unreal Engine 4 game to be released and i have to say, i like what i see.some of the reviews here say it looks like some bad UT3 mod or something, but i doubt they played it on the highest specs.the game itself is running on Dx11 basis and you can add some neat effects, like HBAO + which is considered a next gen feature.the physic effects look nice and add to the creepy atmosphere, altough the textures could be a little better at some places.the gameplay was enjoyable for me so far, didnt make much progress, but there was enough difference, i didnt have to see the same doors and walls over and over again, it can also be very scary when you know somethings coming closer, but you dont know where its coming from. youll be surprised by some really terrifying looking ghost.this game does what its supposed to do:be next gen, be a scary maze/puzzle/survival game, that actually really changes whenever you load it up and look good doing it. the sounds and the creepy atmosphere really add up to it.my final verdict would be 8.5 out of 10, i can say the 9 EUR i payed for the pre order were not misplaced."
76561198022600614,Recommended,230840,24488956,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ouijabored,"Awesome supernatural horror game that places you in a creepy atmospheric abandoned insane asylum.  You'll experience jump scares from the malevolent ghosts that ambush you as you're walking/sprinting the hallways search for clues/key objects that unlock bits of the dark history behind what happened back at the asylym and the overall story.  I had this in my steam library for years and am glad I just now tried it out.  It's too bad that Zombie Studios shut down.  Would've liked a sequel or a change of setting, like what Outlast/Outlast Whistle Blower DLC is doing with the new Outlast 2 coming out.  Anyway, I would definitely recommend grabbing this game when it's on sale and then spending an evening/night playing this in the dark with headphones on."
76561198068483021,Recommended,230840,11577460,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,BeyondNames,"Requirments: 2 Extra Pairs of Underwear and a Google Images Page of Kittens.If you like horror games, this is the game for you. While playing this game (for what short time I did) I had to take a break every 5-10 minutes. Hell, I had a hard time playing Anmesia if that counts for anything, but If you want a good horror game to play, make sure you pick this up."
,Not Recommended,230840,15907656,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,PC Jargon™,"I beat this game in 2 hours without trying to speed run. A lot of the setting is cool looking, but the bad guys are all the same and repetitive. Sometimes the horror movie style creep moments are cool, but really not a lot of substance. The 'story' felt like it was going somewhere important, but was ultimately pointless.Also, when I bought the game it wasn't made obvious that the Oculus support was DK1 only... which upset a lot of people. They've never added DK2 support, and I'm pretty sure the company is now dead..."
76561198069194490,Recommended,230840,13140767,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MrDano,is not working for me ahy i wont to my money back please
,Recommended,230840,10680002,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hycklaren,Ai poopi in mi pents.
76561198133833978,Not Recommended,230840,13282269,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,jennykilledme,Unreal engine 4? Wow. Don't look like it....more like oregon trail engine. Not recommended.
76561198016711457,Not Recommended,230840,27575900,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nanashi,Very poor optimization. It runs like sh*t
,Not Recommended,230840,10428020,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Xhante Etnahx,It was alright for the first couple of hours I was able to play it but the next day it wouldnt even let me play the game and it had three new ways to start it and it all ended up with black and white lines Daylight everyone don't buy it.
,Recommended,230840,26730804,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,★SYNNER NECRA★,bence güzel gerilimi yüksek bir korku oyunu benim gibi korku film & oyunlarından korkmayan biri bile tırstı ve gerildiysealınması gereken bir oyun ben şahsen 2 ci versiyonu'nu bekliyorum ben beğendim...
76561198068524438,Recommended,230840,10012821,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,🅱o🅱a - 🅱ola,"Well what is there to say about Daylight you might ask? Many things. Is there any positive things to say about the poorly produced game that looks like a two year old with a birth defect that affected his brains functioning skill crafted you might add? Well if you some how find a way to start the game up with out crashing (me being the lucky Romania sex slave i am, i find a way) and manage to get through the first 10 seconds of the eye gouging testical ripping lag and low fps minefeild and the little to no information about the storyline and what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on and why in all of satans red flaming pubes did they name the main character Sarah, i guess you can say the spider at the start was moderately scary. 420/666 would get into a car tape and rusty nail to the dash board find and old woman crossing the road to hit but applying pressure to the breaks before impact so hitting her causes her to die from impact and me to die from my head hitting off the nail taped to the dash again"
,Not Recommended,230840,16146825,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,drekk,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,230840,15259257,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gengar,no
76561198037451591,Not Recommended,230840,26643336,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Saruman,Contacted support because of the way the game looked.Turns out it just looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥1/10
76561198046816686,Not Recommended,230840,9983561,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Blue Candle,Slenderman clone.Only got 3 soundtracks with the preorder bonus which 2 are the same but with lyrics thrown in.Only good thing is a good tense atmosphere.nothing special.Had such high hopes
,Not Recommended,230840,13733069,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,chair,"This game is awful, too repetitive and most of all, not scary. My son can play this and remain a straight face. My dog can play this and not bark. My cat can play this and not meow. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,230840,10071589,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,K.,"I am quite the misogynic male, yet I decied to give womankind a last chance by buying Jessica Chobot's game. But, you have taken my chance to be a better person :'(  1/9 would not hit (the play button)."
,Recommended,230840,14627643,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kaylee,Nononononononononononononononononono. Just no. TOO. SCARY.
,Not Recommended,230840,9973113,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Tim,broken for like %50 of people playing it
76561198089958286,Not Recommended,230840,13114372,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Venom Snake,Pure turd. ashamed of having it in my library.
76561198126417780,Not Recommended,230840,10011812,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Max Critical,"THIS GAME IS A TOTAL PIECE OF BULL/COW/CHICKEN/HUMAN/PIG/FISH EXCREMENT!!!! DO NOT BUY IT!!! I know there are a lot of genre fans but this is a total BS.... Just took our money and provided us with ""nothing of a kind"" experience - BUGS, FAIL STARTS, Short story, dumb texts. As for the graphic !?!? Unreal 4 Engine?!!? Hell it looks like game from 90s. Don`t get me wrong I LOVE the 90s games - Thief Series / System Shock. DOOM 1 looks waaay better. Look at the furniture - just no comment. And the jump scares - pfff are very bad. Random paranormal events they`ve said, just a minute ago I`ve died and beeing reborn, before even 1st step appears in front of me a ghost and kills me again without even timing to react to lit my stupid Flares. DON`T SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AND DON`T SUPPORT THE AUTORS - THEY DON`T DESERVE IT!!!"
76561198065188029,Recommended,230840,9973595,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,jellytits,spooky
,Not Recommended,230840,13821887,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,A McDonald's Pumkin Creme Pie,It's great if you have a GTX 680 and get 10 frames
76561197975268509,Recommended,230840,9973114,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,HATRIKZ,graphics 5/10 gameplay 5/10 can i be bothered to load it again......maybe...back to playing counter strike me thinks
76561198032826910,Recommended,230840,10073692,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sean,"My early first impressions of, Daylight:Technical problems aside, and yes there are a lot of technical problems, my early first impressions of Daylight as far as the game itself is concerned, is that it is a horror game masterpiece. And just a video game masterpiece in general.The main number one reason why I say this is because Daylight is a procedurally generated video game which means that things are different each time you play. Procedurally generated video games are a work of absolute genius.Because what this means for Daylight is tons of re-play value.I personally don't re-play the majority of games that I have. I'll play through most of my games once and then move on to something else, especially the ones that are heavily scripted. I find scripted video games to be the worst. Because after you learn the patterns of a scripted video game, it gets boring after a while because you know exactly what is going to happen.For example the original un-modded version of Doom 3 which is heavily scripted. You know that no matter what, no matter how many times you play through the game, this monster is going to show up at this exact same location, that monster is going to show up at that same exact location once you reach the certain areas to trigger them to spawn.Daylight is a whole different story. With each play through, things are different. The notes are in different locations. The sound effects are different. The monsters spawn at different times and different locations. The layout of the map is different. The glow sticks and flares are in different locations. All of this is just absolutely incredible. This keeps Daylight fresh and new at all times. Plus it makes the game even more scary because you never know exactly what's going to happen next because the monsters spawn at random with each playthrough.Add top notch scary sound effects to all of that and Daylight is an absolute horror masterpiece.It's important to note that I haven't yet completed the game yet. So this is just my early first impression of the game. And it's definitely on the right track."
,Recommended,230840,9975315,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,«(MooP)»,"The game feels like a slenderman reskin, If you dont mind gathering those 6 papers over and over and having some crazy lady from the grudge following you around this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,230840,10063235,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Corrosion,A little hard to play because of the controls and the non-fluid mouse movement (it feels like your tugging to turn) but its cool. I like the story and the graphics are fairly good. The smartphone somehow has a perfect map of each entire area which is unrealistic and you can't do much other than spaz to turn and run like hell. Mechanics seriously need help... waited for updates to this game but nothing happened.
,Recommended,230840,22667107,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"Daylight. This game will ♥♥♥♥ing blow you away.I never dreamed it will come to this, game world evolving real fast. Horror games on Unreal Engine 4!While playing this horror game Daylight i saw great graphics, gameplay and excellent story.You playing as a middle aged woman, who wake up in the haunted asylum. You need to find a way out, avoiding ♥♥♥♥ing ghosts and trying to find flares, they are really helpful. You will travel from asylum to prison and other locations including house, which will collapse in the end, but you will manage to escape before ghost got you, then end titles roll up.I found this game very big and original, you can explore big areas and dark rooms. With new map system, your every playthrough will be unique, random generated rooms/areas. You can replay and enjoy this game for eternity!Be careful, ghost can ♥♥♥♥ you up real quick, so just run pass them or hide somewhere. Its pretty scary i admire how ghost looks and behave, you could swear they look the same, but its not true. You getting slowly paranoid :DSuch an underrated horror game, but people want to play♥♥♥♥♥♥like Witcher and Counter-strike these days :C10/10We need Daylight 2! Please!"
,Recommended,230840,12571178,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,bæst,Its Scary
,Not Recommended,230840,9992662,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,BigBarazi,"Aged graphics, repititve environments , bad overall design and mostly relying on jump scares makes this game very hard to recommend, avoid and play something else for your horror pieceEnglish Videohttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnVujbLfl1MArabic Videohttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzDdFWuY7i8"
76561198041067403,Not Recommended,230840,21513037,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jim Goyim,Aids.
76561198020085437,Recommended,230840,9973916,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Sooo scary, not sure if i can finish it! (just started)If you like good scary games, this one is for you :)"
76561198282096682,Recommended,230840,32107131,Posted: 1 June,all,✪ Johnas2 CSGO500,Eik tu nahui prisisikau
76561198093096322,Not Recommended,230840,23874236,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JuGGis,"Pelottava hyppykauhu beli, en suosittele.Kaksikauttaviisi."
,Not Recommended,230840,10753526,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alien Behind The Door,Big ♥♥♥♥ing Yawn
76561198042132122,Recommended,230840,9983176,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Its a good game, for 7.99 i think ill dive into it a couple time more, which people dont understand reveals more story. Its a good game to give yourself chills and yet make it to sleep without nightmares. Its no outlast. But in many ways thats a good thing, it wont make your drop the game for a while to recharge. You can have a hour of randomly generated scares then play something else. Yeh its not very deep its a 7/10 But i would play this more than AAA games like titanfall and infamous second some which bored and disappointed me to sleep. I wanted a randomly generated, small film lenght horror game and i got it. Dont know why everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not like you payed £40 for another failed dead space 3 resident evil or silent hill."
,Recommended,230840,25264217,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kidscribble,dope dude
,Not Recommended,230840,14272261,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dominated Stringbean,Can I have my money back now?
76561198037397912,Not Recommended,230840,9972674,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,freddy911,i have gtx 780 and game  goes black when launch
,Not Recommended,230840,12527366,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Alfred,"Total waste of money , better play flash games"
,Not Recommended,230840,9977870,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Tonkinese,"So bad So very bad bought it to check out the unreal 4 engine and oh god, the game is so bad so very bad.its funny bad too like shaking a teddy bear, and i died wanting to cuddle a ghost, i am dissapointed that their is no cuddle button."
76561198143960110,Not Recommended,230840,22069270,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kurt Cobain,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ Daylight▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░didnt like it
,Recommended,230840,29923359,Posted: 14 February,all,Nova,"Great game, i enjoyed it and its twitch chat interactive aswell."
76561198005971204,Not Recommended,230840,30144860,Posted: 24 February,all,MPLAY7,Very bad head bobing. Makes me sick. uninstall
,Not Recommended,230840,31436606,Posted: 29 April,all,✪ Ruby,After 1 ♥♥♥♥ing jumpscare... I stopped playing this game... I stopped playing other horrorgames alone.... I never touched it again... I will be scared if it's dark and I am in a prison/asylum....Downvote because I almost died in front of my computer.
,Recommended,230840,10644400,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr Red Spy,#TOOSPOOKY I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants playing this with Cheenis
76561198093620842,Not Recommended,230840,10010654,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Diamond Nips,"Ok this is♥♥♥♥♥♥  This is a random generator of walls doors, and a witch showing up every 30 seconds.  Its so stupid that it feels like a chore to navigate around.  It was decently scary, doesnt have anything on outlast.  The probobilty of me finishing this gamr is if they fix how many hallways you have to navigate, there is to may for a ♥♥♥♥♥ to try to kill you every 30 seconds.  Dont buy this game until changes are made to the map layout"
,Not Recommended,230840,10164429,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hes.Dead.Jim,"Do you love repetition? DO YOU, because this game has a whole lot of repetion. Run into the place, find the five thingies, run back through the place and grab the thingie, run to the next place. DO IT AGAIN. Do maps that don't repeat worry you, then this game is for you because it's the same few chuncks of map repeated over and over till you get to the next set of repetition. Also, JUMP SCARES!"
76561198064527406,Recommended,230840,10165983,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TeeLight,"This is a tough one. Daylight got more than it's fair share of jump scares out of me. For that I think I got my money's worth. There are some serious issues with the graphics though. Anywhere that was a large body of water was just a bunch of untextured tiles. Then there were times when the witches would show up, but my cell phone wasn't showing me that there were any around (and let me tell you that made the hard mode run that much more frustrating). This game is flawed, very much so, but I think if it was on sale I would buy it no problem. You get what you expect. A melodramatic couple of hours of jump scares. If you're looking to fight off mobs of witches this isn't really the best game for that. I'd say if this hits the 5 dollar range you should snatch it up. Over that you really have to want to play this game."
,Recommended,230840,10169679,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Kseeley01,"Yeeeaaah I was dissapointed. This game had one purpose, showcasing the new Unreal 4 engine (which is beautiful by the way)Graphically, the environment is highly detailed (for a fifteen dollar game), and DX11 makes the atmosphere more palpable, but its really hard to immerse yourself in a game that sucks this bad. The environment doesn't change nearly enough, and by the time it does change a little bit, you find yourself at the end of the game.This is certainly not worth fifteen dollars, I would only reccomend it if there is a sale on it and the price drops to anywhere less than eight dollars. It's just so ""meh""PS; I cannot wait for future Unreal 4 titles. Mmmmm."
76561197972324947,Not Recommended,230840,10106415,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,steelyplacebo,"You're all in for one spooooooky ride with this one...I was so horrified by the display of human negligence set before me, that i barely lasted 30 minutes until i was forced to slam on the escape key repeatedly and run out into the daylight to remind myself that life can yield good things if you seek them. the only thing disturbing or frightening about this game is the sudden realization after you stop playing, that with the money you spent on this you could have bought 10 snickers bars. and let me be the first to tell you, severe chocolate and/or peanut allergies would still yield a much more enjoyable purchase than this disgrace upon mankind. i urge you to stay far far away from this travesty of interactive media. you will probably find more original horror scares in a game like ""Geometry Wars: retro evolved"". I know you may be enticed like i was by the ""first next generation unreal engine 4 game"", but believe me, it doesnt even look good, and it runs about as smooth as a 1962 chevy underwater with the windows down. if this is the next generation of gaming then i don't even wanna know.. I dont even wanna KNAAAAOOOOW!"
76561198133649335,Not Recommended,230840,10171585,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jacobread444,crap
76561198035663058,Not Recommended,230840,10173707,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,People You Know,"I preordered this game when it was on sale looking for a scary game that I hoped I could handle. THe first few levels were interesting but I think I mostly amped myself up for it. The scares were mostly a let down. This game is not too long and it is pretty simple. The sounds were really frightening the first few times they were looped, but as the game progressed they were more of a ""Oh, not this again"". I would not recommend it, it is fine, but it is not worth 9 something dollars (on sale price), let alone 15 dollars."
76561198056121269,Not Recommended,230840,10177296,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Buttonskill,"It's pretty (though not groundbreaking by any means), and I jumped a couple of times, but I perhaps had too high of hopes for the new unreal engine 4.  I'm not sure if I'm more upset with NVIDIA for promoting it heavily on their site, or myself for succumbing to the hype."
76561198001137984,Not Recommended,230840,10156487,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Pastor Richards,"Not entertaining. Not worth your money. Not worth your time. Enemies are dull, predictable and can't even hurt you if you don't look at them. Story is lame, and you'll figure it out within the first 15 min. of playing. After seeing the 5000th drawer open and Sarah (main character) say something that isn't even happening I became bored. Also this game is in need of a serious optimization overhaul. Runs like garbage even on the most powerful of rigs. As stated, save your money, watch a Youtube playthrough if you just HAVE to see this game. But don't purchase it. Let those devs know they can't just make garbage and sell it full price. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,230840,10160999,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[GT]PEBCAK,"i have a GTX670 and a  i5 3570 cpu , it runs crysis 3 on high.  this games stutters ever other step.game play = you go to different rooms and try to find papers. if you find them all  you will unlock the next level"
,Not Recommended,230840,10049378,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Darkanus,"I'd love to recommend this game but I can't. I'm sorry guys. The game contain a very strange bug or issue when I click in the ""Graphic Options"" on the ""Settings Menu"". When I do this, the game shut it down by itself and appear one window full of path command lines telling ""FATAL ERROR"" in the title and the next lines shows the full path of the game initiating by one HEX Code error and terminating in /daylight.exe... I've to say here that my rig is good and have not any problems with the hardware. My rig is a DELL Inspiron 15R that brings an switchable ATi Radeon 7730 Graphic Card and I know to put this to run all the latest and next-gen games. So, the problem isn't here! I see the game has been patched today again (version 1.2) but did nothing here.In the future, IF the game become fixed then I'll be here to change my review and recommendation. Thanks!EDIT: Please guys! WTF this game just works IF we do not change the graphics settings inside game options? When I click to see and possibly to change something, the game just forced close! It have some address ram memory error because shows a text file full of crap error lines. I BOUGHT THIS GAME AND I WANT TO USE IT THE WAY I LIKE. So, come on!EDIT 2: Lame game. Doesn't work. Crash after crash, nothing changed at least here for me. My video card support DirectX 11 so it's not the problem with the FATAL ERROR when I go into graphics options on the game. NOW, after the latest patch, the game loads forever in the initial screen and it's consuming 1.8gb RAM."
76561198085753565,Not Recommended,230840,10005232,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LAT_Auditore,How could i recommend this game if i pre-ordered and still haven't figure it out how to make it run. That Directx 11 error still bugs me even after the patch.
76561197971061865,Not Recommended,230840,10006446,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BrokenToy,"Daylight is a FPS horror adventure game. You play as a woman who wakes up trapped in an abandoned dark hospital. The only source of light you have is your cell phone and the odd glow sticks and flares you find.Everything here sounds like the making of a great game. Imagine waking up in an old creep haunted hospital, where you can’t even see your hand in front of your face. This would be the ultimate scare. Unfortunately the only thing scary about this game is how bad of a game it is.The game play itself feels like one of the old dungeon explorer games, where you walk through a maze of hallways to find the staircase to the next floor. All the hallways and rooms look alike, and exploring the hospital feels more like a chore then an adventure. There will also be rooms you enter that you cannot pass through because of cardboard boxes that are knee high standing in your way.The graphics of the game are below par. They did not spend a lot of time designing this hospital. They just made a few rooms and hallways and used them over and over again. The graphics of the sheets blowing up in the wind is nice, but the rest of the objects seem flat and boxy.The sounds of the game are another huge let down. At the beginning of the game the music and sounds effects seem really creepy. Then you notice the music and sound effects are just a 5 minute loop that play over and over again and lose the creepy appeal quickly. To make things worse, your character has around 6 one liners she will use over and over again. Some of the time the lines are also out of place, like when you are in a well lit area and she says she can’t see anything.Over all this game is a huge let down and not even worth the low price of $14.99. If you are looking for a game to put the tingle down your spine, keep looking.Gameplay 1/5Graphics 2/5Sound 2/5"
76561197988109931,Recommended,230840,10006853,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Misare,Cree~eepy.
76561198000829761,Not Recommended,230840,10007121,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,FancyVoltaire,"Zombie Studios tried its best to bring hype to their horror game Daylight. They went as far as enabling Twitch commands in the game to have viewers attempt to influence the game with spooky soundbites and occurances (definitely inspired by the Twitch Plays Pokemon frenzy that gripped the internet a number of weeks ago). They delayed the game for a few weeks in attempt to make it scarier (given what is in the game now, they must have forgotten to put the monster into the game and had to buy time). It was all for naught.The game starts with a young woman name Sarah waking up in an abandoned hospital to the strange voice of a man who spouts in riddles. The goal of the game is rather basic and unfortunately repetitive: collect a number of 'remnants' (items that glow in a weird yet cool fashion under the light of a glowstick), find a big magic circle and then move to the next level. There are four levels in all and not much changes outside of the level design. The more time you waste or the further you progress in your quest, you will run into the witch, the only monster and threat in the game. The witch's method of killing you is flying around, popping up in front of you as you do a quick turn and then shove you into a tunnel of red and weird rune shapes until you die or pull a flare out in time to banish them. Fortunately in my playthrough she did this only a few times and gave me some frights when she appeared. Unfortunately she's the only unit in the game and basically a creepy one trick pony. Outside of the witch, the only kind of scares that the game tries to use are feint scares. Items suddenly fly out towards you but do no harm. Screams come down the hall but there is no actual creature wandering around and making that noise. Besides the witch, the game felt like walking through a cheap haunted house that the neighborhood put together for one Halloween night to spook the kids. More silly than scary and no actual harm is done.Daylight is apparently the first game released to the public that uses the Unreal 4 engine. But given the potentials of the tech demos of the engine, it felt like they didn't even try to create an immersive world and used it more for the sake of marketing. They bought expensive paint but went and fingerpainted what appears to be a red house, a green tree and a happy stick figure family. But hey, they bought that expensive paint! You should consider that!Sarah's character was very hard to immerse with. She fills the atmosphere with her gasps and her occassional strange lines, which are very frequent. I kid you not, I was investigating a desk when Sarah yelled out ""Is anyone in there?"". Maybe she was afraid that the witch would pop out of the drawers and get papers all over the place. The problem with Sarah is how little she contributes to the story. She collects remnants, questions Mystery Phone Man of what's going on and then goes on her merry way to collect more remnants without any hint of defiance or free will whatsoever. It was very strange to see her panic and question every thump in the dark, real or not, and remain silent to the witch that constantly screams at her face.Daylight was written by Jessica Chobot, who is best known as that woman who achieved internet fame for having a photo of herself licking a PSP. She worked for IGN and did a voice role as Diana Allers in Mass Effect 3 (although it's clear that she slept through her voice acting classes). Her writing comes in the forms of Mystery Phone Man's riddlespeak and the dozens of documents lying around about patients being crazy and workers suspecting something isn't right in the hospital. The concept of incredible amounts of notes in games started with Resident Evil and was recently enforced in Amnesia. But those kinds of documents either clued to upcoming puzzles, environmental obstacles and monsters or provided a piece of a story of things slowly going to hell.  The problem with Daylight's notes is that they provide nothing but fluff and make the very short game feel much longer. There are no traps to be warned about ahead of time. There are no upcoming characters that you must help or fight off. Besides vaguely explaining what is actually going on, the notes do nothing to change how the game should be played.I reached the disappointing conclusion to the game in just two hours. For $15 dollars and no significant replay value besides achievements, I feel cheated. Outlast had the atmosphere, Dear Esther had the writing and Amnesia had both. Daylight had neither. It's tradition under my household that a horror game is to be played at night. Daylight, amusingly enough from the title alone, should be just played in daylight. Or shouldn't be played at all."
76561198042735348,Recommended,230840,10009209,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Maximum Evil77,"Although some people are having issues getting the game to run, I still found it to be an enjoyable game. On a 1-10 scale, I would probably go with a 7. The story is very interesting, all the way through the end (which I found to be quite fantastic) - Assuming you actually take the time to explore and find the story pieces hidden everywhere. Your surroundings are always very creepy, and you constantly have the fear of turning around or going around corners. They did a great job with the psychological terror. Though the gameplay sadly is very much the same all the way through (go find X amount of pieces, grab what you've needed, go to next section) I still found it to be an overall enjoyably creepy experience. The only down sides are that the game, I think, is a tad too short. But the wealth of exploration that sometimes comes around and trying to find every piece of the story welcomes multiple playthroughs. So my advice: As long as your hopes aren't way up there, buy this game (but first make sure you can run it), because it was an enjoyable, creepy experience that I plan on going through a couple more times myself."
76561198063417477,Not Recommended,230840,10054794,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Keyeye,This game is realy repetitive and after this first hour gets realy boring. Hours of play are poor too at just over 3hrs to complete
76561197971755115,Recommended,230840,10060040,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Pvt McAll,"The horror element was very good, atmospheres were also very scary and the scenery was incredible with excellent graphics. The story was also interesting and the way the game was set out was very interesting and unique. Only downside is that the constant jump-scares did get rather annoying and frustratingly unecessary as the settings and noises managed to scare without them. Good game though, definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,230840,10061054,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,emzi360,"Im loving this game atm, just gets a bit tedios when stuck on second part seems like im going round in circles esshh and all them boxes the throw should work on them lol instead of keep losing my flare or glowstick."
76561198047951191,Recommended,230840,9984081,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,"TheyCallMeJacky,",好吧，之前写的确实有点过激，俗话说的好，期望越大，失望越大，看PEW玩还以为是可以超越OUTLAST的神作，由于预购了一个月，结果当天花了2小时装了WIN7 SERVICE PACK 1和补丁才将问题解决，还有很多BUG，现在终于可以进去玩了。言归正传，题材很新颖，每个关卡的房间和DARK PEOPLE出现都是随机性的，这意味着可玩性非常高，不像OUTLAST，玩第二遍不觉得恐怖了，DAYLIGHT的魅力在于你不知道下一秒将出现什么，可能下一个转角就要碰见DARK PEOPLE，或者是个死角，那种被追没地方躲，然后拐进一个死角的感觉真心要HEART ATTACK!!虽然很恐怖，但我个人认为DAYLIGHT的缺点是致命的，那就是重复。读者一定觉得前后逻辑不对，怎么前文说关卡里东西都是随机的，现在怎么又以重复来评论这个游戏呢？我这里的重复指的是游戏模式。DAYLIGHT一共有6关，每一关的过关方式都是一样的：找文件，到下一阶段，找关键性过关物品，再到下一阶段，将物品放到指定场合，然后过关。正因为如此，虽然物品东西出现随机，我要做的就是蒙头跑步就行了，对，看见物品就捡起来， 这就是游戏要你做的，你会发现你其实就是在玩一个找东西的游戏，而不是恐怖游戏。说实话，你只要一直按住SHIFT键跑步，DARK PEOPLE就纯粹是酱油啊，根本看不见你的影子或者追上你，和你照面的机会太小了，也就是说，除了声效，其实游戏真的并不是那么恐怖。为什么呢？缺少剧情。游戏的设定是随机，自然剧情向的东西必然很少，凡是都有两面性，如果摸清了这个游戏的玩法，我觉得大部分玩家在第一第二关后就懂这个游戏要你干吗了，而后确实失去了体验SUIVIVE HORROR的感觉。（其实PEW不用那么怕的。。。个人浅见。）总的来说，游戏构思非常新颖，但关卡过少，剧情基本没有，模式单一，是这个游戏硬伤。我的评分：7/10
,Recommended,230840,10072443,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,dJw,Creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,230840,10065243,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,axinss,Daylight เป็นเกมส์หลอนที่น่ากลัวเกมส์หนึ่ง บรรยากาศต่างๆทำออกมาได้น่ากลัวดี คนที่ชอบเกมส์แนวสยองขวัญ กดดัน เอาตัวรอด(เพราะสู้ผีไม่ได้หนีได้อย่างเดียว) แนะนำเลยครับเกมส์นี้ ที่สำคัญคุณจะไม่สามารถคาดเดาทางได้แม้แต่น้อยเพราะเมื่อคุณเข้ามาเล่นใหม่อีกครัั้งไม่ว่าจะเป็นตายแล้วกลับมาเล่นฉากเดิม หรือจะเริ่มเล่นใหม่ทั้งหมด เส้นทางต่างๆที่ผ่านมาเราขอให้คุณโยนมันออกจากหัวไปให้หมด เพราะมันจะไม่เหมือนเดิมอีกต่อไปการวิ่งสำรวจเพื่อค้นหาทางออกอาจจะวกไปวนมาสักหน่อยใครที่เล่นเกมส์แนว FPS แล้วเวียนหัวขอให้ผ่านเกมส์นี้ไปได้เลยขอติ2เรื่อง1.การเซฟสักหน่อยว่าถ้ามันทำมาให้เซฟได้เองจะดีมากเวลาเล่นๆไปต้องรอจนกว่ามันจะเซฟให้ถึงจะเลิกเล่นได้ไม่งั้นเซฟหาย2.ระบบดูแผนที่จะเล็กไปไหน
76561197963437800,Not Recommended,230840,10066304,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Sitting Duck,"It looks good and has a creepy atmosphere, but there's not much going on gameplay wise.  Each map has an item you need to find before proceeding to the next map.  Also there's ghosts sometimes that can hurt you, or not, depending on whether or not you're holding a road flare.  That's it really.  Maybe there's more too it later in the game, but I'm already bored."
,Not Recommended,230840,10066383,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Oolong Dragon,"Overhyped, Too short, The story was poor and the ending was crap. Skip this game and get Outlast and the DLC for Outlast instead. You won't be dissapointed"
,Recommended,230840,10066410,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,pathetic,"Imagine Outlast, but a lot less dark, and a lot more reliant on Jumpscares. It's a procedually generated Slender, basically, but that doesn't mean it's bad. If you want some atmosphere with a lot of jumpscares, play it. If you want Amnesia levels of horro, go there."
76561198100095750,Not Recommended,230840,10066849,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt,The patch that was released today made the game worse for me!!!!! it still lags when im in the sewer area and it now lags when im running from the shadows. i tried playing the game without the SLI support and the diagnsotic tools option and still nothing has changed. this was a waste of my time and money!!!!!!! it feels like the developers didnt do a damn thing when they updated the last patch. i was really looking forward to this game and was very dissapointed because of so much problems in this game!!! Developers PLEASE SOLVE THE PROBLEMS!!!!!!!!
76561198068263634,Not Recommended,230840,10068775,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Nat3_D()G,"Although it looks fun from the trailers it doesnt really live up to the hype. I pre-ordered it because it looked like it would be worth the $10 at the time, however it has fallen incredibly short of expectations. After waiting several days after launch to play the game because of an unpatched crash bug, the game was not off to a good start. Then to add salt to the wound, I spent 30 minutes wandering around without a clear objective of what it is I am to do with poor scares to boot. I wish this game had been worth it but it falls tragically short. Id recommend Outlast and the new DLC over Daylight."
,Not Recommended,230840,10069575,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,'GostLy,"I'll start off by saying that I was looking forward to the release of Daylight. However, once I was able to play the game(which has been an issue for a lot of people) I realized that this game was over-hyped.The game does not play well on my system (FX-8350, 12GB RAM, Nvidia GeForce GTX 750 TI,  and an SSD) which I still don't understand considering the graphics are nothing special to me.Other than the playability issues the game does just OK as a horror game. It attempts to scare players with a lot of cheap tricks that are often not scary.So to sum up what I think about Daylight would be that there are a lot better games out there in this genre."
,Recommended,230840,10096881,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Kid Goku,"This is a fun little game, im not a fan of scary or horror games bujt stuff like this or outlast are fun to play. :alyx:"
,Not Recommended,230840,10098537,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,SmgP4L,"All i can say is this game was horrible. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending, less then 2 hours of gameplay, and mediocre scares. Worst ten bucks ive ever spent."
,Not Recommended,230840,10101837,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Vesuvius,Don't waste your money! Cliché story with terrible voice acting. I wish I could turn off her annoying voice...
,Not Recommended,230840,10102074,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,CommanderSheppard,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbw_BL80v3QAt first I felt apprehensive playing Daylight, feeling it did a pretty good job of building up an oppressive atmosphere; however so little happens (and what does  is incredibly predictable), that my mood quickly changed to frustrated, and soon after; boredom. For example the random closing of doors had me spooked at first, wondering what I was going to see when I opened it... Nothing ever appeared. Things get knocked over or gently pushed across the floor, but they're completely unconnected actions; it's not to lure you in a particular direction or deter you, it’s just a random event that the developers thought would be spooky. Any fear I experienced came from my own expectations of what a horror game would involve.The game boasts procedural content; however on the two occasions that I died (once because a ghost spawned right next to me, the other because I fell into water and couldn’t find a way out, exciting ways to go) I didn’t see much to support this. The layout of the area seemed to stay exactly the same, only the letters that you’re tasked with finding seemed to move. If there is more to it I certainly didn’t see it, and if you’re going to claim that each playthrough is going to be different, the game either needs to be good enough to warrant that second time or offer some incentive to. The game fulfils neither of those. The rooms and corridors are generally devoid of content and all look practically the same for a given level, to the extent where it feels like there are two sets of corridors and two room types. Procedural content is pointless if you only experience it once.There's a few different areas to experience, with you being blocked off from the previous one each time you progress, so while there are no loading screens after the initial one, these serve as obvious barriers to save them having to keep too much geometry in memory. That may sound like trying to delve too much under the hood, but the knock on effect of the game play is that the game areas feel incredibly small, and not confined in the “good” claustrophobic way you'd want from a horror game.Glowsticks are provided that highlight objects you can interact with when used; however not only is it not really necessary, it’s usually pretty obvious what you can click on, but it bathes the world in a garish shade of green. The only weapon you have against the shadows is a flare (no idea why), but it takes so long for the lighting animation to finish that if they’re close you may as well just run. Also, as per the silent hill radio, if a shadow is nearby the phone screen flickers, meaning; the moment you notice that, light a flare and spin around, since all shadows are killed instantly by it there is no danger at all in the game. The game provides a “threat” meter on screen, which gradually fills up as you find remnants, which I assume is supposed to be tied to shadow spawn frequency, however I've had shadows constantly spawning every few seconds with only a sliver of the threat meter filled in.As such the game becomes a tedious chore of looking around the current environment for letters that are marked with a red seal, though the game doesn’t provide any context as to why these letters are littered around. Finding all the ones in the level spawns a sigil in the maze room, no indication as to why there are maze rooms in each level, which you then take to some aura… thing, which blocks the exit to open up the next level. Again, no explanation as to what the mysterious power that blocks your way is.Something that really brought me out of the experience was Sarah's insistence on calling out ""is someone there?"" and the like, while I'm trying everything in my power to remain inconspicuous. While I understand it sells that Sarah is her own character and is affected by the situation, everytime I'd assume it was provoked by something and start spinning round trying to work out what it was, unfortunately there never seemed to be any specific trigger, which got really tiresome after the first few times. The other use of audio isn’t particularly noteworthy, you’ll hear the assortment of effects you’d expect from a horror game, but they never appeared to be tied to anything in game.It took around two hours to finish the game, which, considering how little fun it is to play, may be some small solace, but even at the reduced preorder price I paid, I felt ripped off. Regardless of how long it took to beat though, the gameplay is essentially 15 minutes long; once you've been through the first environment you’ve essentially experienced all you’re going to with the game. The “puzzles” (if you get stumped moving a box into position or finding a switch to flip you can remove the quotes) are completely unnecessary and offer nothing to distract you from the tedium at hand.The story itself is competent enough, and put into a more tailored experience where the environments you go through actually mean something rather than being a conduit for letters, it’d be fine. It really is a shame that the gimmick of the game is what ultimately fails it. I’m not going to say the game is absent of horror, I’ve been to plenty of movies where the rest of the audience has been in shock and disbelief at something I’ve shrugged at, but for me, Daylight was one of the mildest horror experiences I’ve had in a long time."
,Not Recommended,230840,10103227,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Zeitt,Don't buy.Only last's for 3 hours. No proper plot. Doesn't use even half of what UE4 or UDK has capabilities.
76561198091303821,Recommended,230840,10105705,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ItS NOT LuCk,it was good but short outlast was better but this was too much like slender
,Not Recommended,230840,10087517,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sooden Ren,Got bored of this really fast. Never felt worried or scared and seems to be very little to the game design. Recommend 'Outlast' instead
76561198016489863,Not Recommended,230840,10043669,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dцsƙ✞2☀Dawn,"Couldn't play it, pop up for dx11 says to update but I've already installed the newest version. Don't buy this as too many people can't get this to work. I for one will never prepurchase again from this company. Hopefully they will fix this issue but I won't hold my breath. Deleted."
,Not Recommended,230840,10092980,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Bananaclip,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,230840,10023440,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Sean,"Daylight has its moments, and while they are few, those moments are nice. Graphically, maxed out with nvidia bokeh dof and hbao+, the game has a nice atmosphere. Daylight is not a graphical monument, more of an early test bed for the unreal engine 4. The gameplay revolves around you looking for ""remnants"", which are basically just pieces of paper scattered throughout a mess of hallways and rooms. This reliance of fetch and grab like quests gets old really fast, hurting the potential that daylight could have had. While it is a cool idea to have the game randomly generated each time you play, I don't ever see myself playing this game more than one time, which is a shame.In short, Daylight had a lot of potential to be a great game, but instead is a mediocre test platform for future UE4 games. While I have enjoyed playing it, and don't feel like I wasted the money spent, I can't recommend this.This review may change for the better if Zombie Studios decides to make Daylight more interesting than a horror themed fetch quest. 5/10."
76561198069529919,Not Recommended,230840,10029900,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Stinky Binky,"Just save yourself some money and mental stability and dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. You look at this game and think wow this is a cool idea let's spend 15 hard earned dollars, See youve already ♥♥♥♥ed up right there. After being thrown into i dont even know what the ♥♥♥♥ it was supposed to be a hospital maybe who knows? Well after being thrown into that ""Hospital"" with no ♥♥♥♥ing information of what happend or why your here your supposed to find out what to do 100% by yourself with no guidance. Oh and also my computer can run most stuff i throw at but not ♥♥♥♥ing daylight man this was just to much for my computer this game really took a toll with its 1999 looking cow♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics it lagged the hell out of my computer. So trying to navigate in the dark with which ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in your ♥♥♥♥ing ear with maybe a good 21 FPS and no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ your doing i just to scary for me i had to quit. 10/10 ahaha just kidding 55/100 Meta Score WELL DONE!"
76561198059264102,Not Recommended,230840,10040894,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Shaun311,"I was so excited for this game, preordered and everything, and when it was released I spent about 5 hours on it, and probably 2 1/2 of those hgours were do everything else but playing the game. It looked like it had potential, but then once you realize it's the same thing over and over it lost me. Damn I was hoping for a game to compete with Outlast!"
,Not Recommended,230840,10042678,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mr. Incognito ✅,"A game that I was looking forward to. Unfortunately, this game didn't come close to my expectations.I meet somewhere in the middle of the minimum and recommended specs; Having said that, the game was laggy as hell, even in low and 720p resolution. The game was okay from what I've played but it gets super boring and frustrating very fast.The creatures that you encounter are not that scary, I have Outlast and that game knocks me off my seat, I love the horror genre but this game failed me. I always give games a chance before I review them but this is totally unplayable. No real story line either.On the upside, it looks like a decent game and it definitely gives an atmosphere that was intended, tense and eerie."
76561198001532296,Not Recommended,230840,9990134,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Matticus,The game does not allow saving anywhere and has an unrelient auto-save that will cause you to redo very tedious sections all over again. Do not buy till they fix this problem.
,Recommended,230840,9991014,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,chaoszan,"Daylight is a good game .. well after you get Windows 7 service pack 1 installed which takes about an hour and a half, then you need to update direct x 11 to 11.1. I dont understand why thats really necessary in first place though."
76561197971166663,Recommended,230840,9992049,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Berserk,Hi fellow steam players i dont no why a lot of peaple are giveing this game bad reviews its a good game graphics are not perfect i admit but its not about the graphics its about the gameplay. And if you play this with headset on with volume crancked up and the lights out it will make you crap your pants my fav games are horror tittles and ive played them all but dont take my word for it check it out on youtube first and see what you think. I also noticed peaple giveing it bad reviews after not even playing it over one hour and also a lot of peaple saying you indoors all the time thats not true your out side in big open area's aswell i really like this game and its unfair to judge it after playing it for as little as one hour. I hope they make more games like this i love my horror games so much the first hour in this game is slow but when you reach the prison this game really does show its true darkside and read notes you find or you wont no what is hell is going on in the game 8/10 very good zombie studios keep up the good work
76561198070805703,Not Recommended,230840,9992117,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,.Paradigm,"Daylight is to Outlast as console inferiority is to PC superiority.I had HIGH expectations of this game. The debut at E3 was me enticed! But since then I had been playing a recent horror game titled Outlast. Compared to Outlast this game blows...My Dislikes about this game:1) REPITITION!!!! It seemed like I was stuck in the same hallway for what felt like forever. And once you ""die"" you have to repeat the same $h!T over... was unamused.2) Poorly implemented! The game had caused my PC to crash, blue screen and everything! Was extremely upsetting. However, I did just install a recent Windows 8.1 update, so it could have been that...thanks Microsoft!3) It just wasn't scary... I felt a little freaked out, heart was pumping a teeny bit faster, but compared to other scary games... I would have rather had more cheesy jumpscares!4) For a final release (past BETA), $10 is seriously overpriced for this game.5) After reading that this had used the Unreal Engine 4, this is such a disappointment...6) LACK OF INSTRUCTION! Like I didn't know I needed to actually collect ""Relics"" before proceeding to the next area. Some objectives would have helped!7) The monster wasn't even that scary, just got extremely annoying! I would've rather had her jumping around or something, not float and scream8) A hint that I couldn't use flares while holding the object to unlock the doors would have been EXTREMELY HELPFUL9) ... that I am writing such a long review...My likes about this game:1) It got a little creepy... Reading that flares would help protect me and hearing footsteps at the same time got my finger pressing '2'!2) The setting for the game was interesting, haunted hospitals are always interesting...3) The sound was great, sqeaky doors  and footsteps were good.Overall OPINION:The game was honestly a great idea, I could see what the devs were trying to go for.But all their ideas were poorly implemented. I only spent an hour before I gave up on the game, although an hour was all it took for my PC to crash and be needed to reset to factory standards...I hope this game gets a major update or something that will make this title much better. With all the hype and anticipation, I was disappointed.Also, this game has to compete with Outlast... with how it is now, no way that is even possible.And again, Daylight is to Outlast as console inferiority is to PC superiority."
,Recommended,230840,9992174,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Neil Breen,"Daylight had more potiental to be a great game you could buy it still or go buy outlast either way the game is scary and the ambience is really good and well done for this gameCons: Horrible Framrate issues- Hopefully going to be fixedOnly sets you at 2 hours of gameplayNot very good storyPros: It is cheap unlike outlast daylight is 15 dollars which is 5 dollars cheaperScaryReplay ValuePretty good and nice graphicsThe SCORE: I give this game a 6.5/10 Dull but could be betterMore about the game: The plot is centered around a woman named Sarah who regains consciousness in an abandoned hospital with no memory of how she got there. A mysterious voice tells her to find the secrets of the hospital. With a cell phone, which is her map, she must explore the haunted hospital and its criminal past in order to escape. As she explores the hospital and the adjacent prison, Sarah begins to learn of the hospital's past, where twelve witches were executed and buried on the hospital grounds, with a thirteenth witch escaping death due to her turning in the other twelve witches. Sarah also discovers that she is a descendant of the thirteenth witch, and that the angry spirits of the twelve slain witches seek vengeance on her. However, it is unclear whether Sarah manages to escape the hospital or not find out yourself.the player does not have access to weapons; the only tools available are glow sticks, flares, and a cell phone. The game's environment and layout are randomly generated for each gameplay, resulting in the very first maze game to use Unreal Engine 4. In addition, the enemies and other antagonists are procedurally spawned.The player's goal in each level is to search for notes and logs from the hospital's past, referred to as ""remnants"", by looking for markings using glow sticks. Discovering remnants can cause a marking on her arm, which attracts the dangerous ""shadow people"". The player can either make them disappear by using flares or lose them by running away. Once all remnants in a level have been collected, the player is able to acquire a ""sigil"", an item of significance to the hospital's past, such as a teddy bear and a Bible. Bringing the sigil to ""the Seal of Shadows"" will unlock the next part of the building, allowing the player to advance further into the hospital and, possibly, to freedom.Daylight is a survival horror video game. It was released for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows on April 29, 2014. It was developed by Zombie Studios, and is the first game to be powered by Unreal Engine 4."
76561198036041899,Recommended,230840,9992430,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Olkoth,GREAT GAME!! I started playing well enjoying a beer and well bad idea beer all over the place. Very atmospheric and very scary.
76561197970572031,Not Recommended,230840,9993593,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Erik The Red,"Do you enjoy collecting nonsensical story notes? Do you relish completely worthless characters babbling idiocy at you? Do you crave wandering bland environments in which inanimate objects move predictably to scare you? Do you wish not-really-scary monsters would pull the same tried and true disappearing acts over and over again? Well, friend, you're in luck! Buy this now and enjoy!To its credit, the audio was fairly well done, but I'm really struggling to come up with anything else to say about this game that is positive. It looks pretty awful, has extremely repetitive gameplay, contains obnoxious and out of place character dialog, and is horribly predictable. The Slender formula was already showing its age, but this game drives it off the cliff. It's time to move on, folks. There are far better crafted horror games than this available on Steam. I recommend any of them over this."
,Recommended,230840,9993661,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,tommy,This game makes you poop end of story
,Not Recommended,230840,9994870,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,hennyC,Daylight Developers should fix the game before they keep selling broken copies of it... Definetly want my money back.
76561198047012361,Not Recommended,230840,9995039,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Bubbz,"Overhyped, repetitive, and not scary. Notes you find are duplicates of things you've already read. Would not recommend, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,230840,9995045,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,xWhaleShark,"First off if the game starts you should feel blessed, My GPU goes way passed the recomended system requirements and I still get choppy gameplay and sluggish reactions. The game crashes constanly and the autosave feature doesn't work woerth a damn. This game was way over hyped as well, thinking that this game would be awesome due to the new engine is just dumb, it still looks like meh. Oh and another fun fact, everytime I get deep into the poorly structured story I would clip through a wall and just have to quit out, but good thing that autosave feature doesn't work or else I'd loose all my progress. *wink wink* but yeah if you wanna be frustrated with a game just go buy Dark Souls 2."
,Not Recommended,230840,9973949,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson","ProsVoice acting is great!Sound design is amazing!Story is great!Some rather disturbing moments.Walking Simulator 2014ConsVisuals are pretty bland, poor use of Unreal4 they could have done SOOO much more to this game.Repetitive dialouge ( Ermahgerd whos dar? Ermahger whos dar? - Sarah)Repetitive level models ( doors, rooms, hallways all look the bloody same!!! )Uninspired enemy ( Slenderman comes into mind but alot less frightening and easily avoidable just ignore the old bat.)Repetitive and uninspired gameplay mechanics.5/10After playing through about 3 times I realized there is no replayability what-so ever and not once did I find the game even remotely scary I tried giving it a second go I really did but no, no matter how good I wanted this game to be I was wrong... Could have done so much more with this game. I'm going to make up for it and get the new OutLast DLC a proper horror game. Daylight was a let down and felt more like a benchmark."
,Not Recommended,230840,9995749,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Cyka Crusher,pretty damn scary but really short maybe 2 hours of gameplay and from ive heard it crashes or doesnt start for alot of people. worth maybe 3-4 euros but definitely not 14.
,Recommended,230840,9996965,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,SGB,This game is so scary it crashes when i try to open it 11/10
76561197980590795,Not Recommended,230840,9997771,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Iffriel,"This game should not be featured on the front page.I've purchased it on the preorder offer and dispite it's release being pushed back a month, the game didn't work. It indeed still fails to start dispite my system being perfactly cappable of running it and the implimentation of a couple of patches that seem to, by and large, not really solved the issues of the majority of people.What a let down, my money has been taken and I'll I've recieved so far is a dint in my harddrive space and weak excuses from the developer."
,Recommended,230840,9997777,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Chris Daylight,"I'v grown up with Silent Hill 1 & Resident Evil 1, so im not normaly scared easely, Nor do i have mutch patience.In that sentence i love to get a scare & Daylight dose it well.A Horror game created from athmosphere & riddles, i find it scarey both slowly looking for clues & searching trou the ""Maze"" of the game, While running makes the story line blured & still scary if not more scarey. its fairly straight forward game idea & in the long run patience is needed.In a numeric summarizing a critical 9/10"
,Not Recommended,230840,9999898,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Big man Little Pants,Waste of money!
76561198000337410,Not Recommended,230840,10000093,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Trunks252,"i7 4770k processorgeforce gtx 650 ti boost card16 gigs memoryMy PC surpasses all reqs, and I only get ~22 fps on lowest settings. LOWEST SETTINGS.On top of that, the game seems average at best. Everything looks off, the textures are muddy and low res, the environments are repetitive (IE random only in pathways), and the UI looks like it was thrown together in a week. Additionally, the game does nothing original. The gameplay mechanics are ripped off from Slender and Amnesia, among others.The only good thing I noticed was the voice acting.I'm going to play through it since I paid for it. I hope a few patches can fix these issues, because I had high hopes for this one."
76561198101338218,Recommended,230840,10001368,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Ronin-Sensei,"Pre-Ordered this game just from the trailer alone.A procedural maze that changes everytime had my attention since you can't memorize a route pattern.Secondly, the fact that the ambient creepy sounds made me literally turn around and look behind me makes this another big win. If you like giving yourself the creeps like the Original Resident Evil made you do, this game is for you!Lastly, I don't know what all the DX 11 error fuss is about, this game ran fine for me from day one."
,Not Recommended,230840,9996859,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,.Frost.,"A feel very disappointed in this game. I waited so long to play it and takes me just over 2hours to finish. It is very boring and repetitious. You literally are going around in a maze. There is no real scares in the game. The same concept of scare is used over and over, so after your first encounter it becomes nothing more than a laugh. I felt like I was playing the 2014 edition of Pac-Man, with ""Slender"" type game-play. Truely this is one game to stay away from, unless you are very bored and want to play it when it is on sale. I rate this 1 out of 5 stars and that is me being generous!"
76561198036101870,Recommended,230840,9972667,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,THE_DARKNESS16,Reminds me of Fatal Frame/Outlast its awsome.
,Recommended,230840,9973089,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,YrkesBevis,it was a great game. took me about 1.5 - 2 hours to complete it. it had alot of scary moments. i think it was to short tho. but it was worth the money indeed :)
,Not Recommended,230840,9973623,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Salad Attack,"This is not worth you time, Very dissapointed, Atmosphere is nice and suspenceful at first, but once you see the 'Ghost' and learn that popping a flare is all it takes, the suspence goes immediately as she is not a threat to worry about and you can just dash right passed her with sprint. The game is so repetitive that it feels that you are doing the same part again, you go to one part of the hospital to the other collecting pages (Yes slender...) and then you escape that part and then do it all over again. Different parts of the map is copied and pasted leaving you very confused if you have just gone in a circle or not (The cut and paste job is so bad that the same room that you have just been in will be right next door). If you like Slender and the whole collect page, you will probably like this, but bare in mind, are you willing to pay for the same game concept as slender when you can get that for free?"
,Recommended,230840,9973675,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Wie3,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is scary fun!.
,Not Recommended,230840,9973889,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Fluks,"All the rooms, all the doors and everything looks the same. Endless doors to open and empty rooms to explore, with the occasional random whisper / scare. No custom controls. Can't turn off the light to hide, can't crouch. unexplainable everlasting battery on the phone. Outlast by far a better game."
,Recommended,230840,9973978,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,BadassBusdriver,It really felt like a cross between Slenderman and Amnesia. Spooky/10.
,Not Recommended,230840,9974066,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SNOW SOS,"I'm a huge fan of horror but this game ♥♥♥♥ing blows. I would like to first brign up that I beat the game and got most of the collectibles on normal in about two hours. From what I payed thats around $5 an hour and I got it on sale. The game has you doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥the whole time too, it's always find 6 letters and then you can finally grab the key that opens the door into the next area. The one saving grace to this game are the collectibles (not the stupid pictures) mainly the letters that do an alright job at fleshing out the creepy lore. Besides that everything kind of fall flat. The games main areas are ""procedurally generated"" which basicly mean you can expect the same ♥♥♥♥ing hallways and rooms copy and pasted around the place. There is only one single enemy in the game (why they could have done so much with variety) that really only teleports behind you and makes loud noises. The enemy is really just boring after a few minutes beause it gives up on chasing you really fast and can be out run easily. It doesn't help that all the scares are cheap jump scares. The rooms lose any automsphere when you've been seeing them all over the place. Also the use of glow sticks and flares should have been toned down or not been in here at all. Glow sticks highlight points of intrest like desks,cupboards etc( only select few can be searched ). Flares on the other hand instantly get rid of ""shadows"" chasing you although throwing lit flares down seems to just have a visual effect, so the enemy vanishes when your holding it but if it's just on the floor lit, it doesn't even notice it...  I KNOW STUPID RIGHT!   Also I don't know why they thought it was a good idea to have abandoned pouches with glowsticks all over the island but whatever guess there must have been a few raves. Unlike for example Slender I don't see much replay value, sure the hallways may be arranged differently but the enemy chasing you isn't nearly as fun. Overall this game had a lot of potential... but ♥♥♥♥ed up. If it's on sale go ahead but you'll probably only play it once, maybe twice."
76561198103056211,Recommended,230840,9974129,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mashed Po7a7o™,"very good example of what a horror game should be like, will keep you on the edge of ya seat!!"
,Recommended,230840,9974218,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,just got WickiD,Pretty darn scary and a great example of what the new unreal engine is like.An amazing price for what you're going to get out of this game.
,Recommended,230840,9974304,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,TheLaughinJoker,can't take it anymore!!! >_< off to play something that will make me happy xD
,Recommended,230840,9974318,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Stagefright 4.2.0,"If you're a fan of horror games, this is a must-try. I played it for a while and all I can say is my heart was almost drop from its place. Freaking Shadows..."
76561198103620471,Not Recommended,230840,9974330,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ZeroKnight00,Not as good as I thought 3 out of 5 stars.
,Not Recommended,230840,9974959,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Spaghetti Spilla,"I'm trying to get as many of the current horror games coming out as I can get, but...  After playing this for even less than an hour, I was kind of bored.  I had a couple scares, but they were two scares in almost one moment.  For the most part you just wander around, picking up papers that give a little bit of information on what has gone on in the hospital and then proceed by finding a special object and opening some portal to the next area.  Meanwhile you are followed and watched by some ghost.  You hear screams, footsteps that may be your own, weird sounds, and even a ghost once in a while.  The ghosts aren't even that scary most of the time.  I don't scare easy playing these like the ones on YouTube, but I think some of that is an act anyway, most reactions aren't, but again, I don't react to the scares as much as many do.This game is tedious, repetative, hardly scary, same old ghost stories you always hear, and nothing seems to kill you.  I played it for an hour and nothing killed me...Not even close!  I never came close to dying even once during the first two parts of it.  A BIG PASS!"
76561198024151474,Recommended,230840,9975012,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Foution,creepy and unsettleing
76561198035333983,Recommended,230840,9975043,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[E16] tcleganger,"Buggy, full of fps drops(tested on several computers). Somtimes the remenants dont spawn and you have to reset to proced. Dissapointing story and ending. Very short and all over dissapointing. Not worth the money if you ask me"
76561198026580612,Recommended,230840,9975090,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Zes,"This game has the same feel as Amnesia does. If you like horror games, this is amazing. In the beginning (which is only as far as i've gotten so far) you constantly hear noises, see strange activites, and notice ghosts of apparaitions out of the corner of your eye. But, nothing comes streight out and attacks you...yet.SAVE YOUR FLARES! YOU'LL NEED THEM!"
76561197962571364,Not Recommended,230840,9975110,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[E16] Duckslayer,"Short, though somehow still too long, confusing story, buggy and not worth the price or your time."
,Not Recommended,230840,9975230,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Fluxing,"Zero thought on level design, no variation on enemies or situations.Every level is identical, collect X pieces of paper to get some object to appear and then use said object to unlock the door.The only thing holding this game up are it's graphics, and even then such a nice looking game is wasted on a such a poorly written story (ie; there pretty much isn't one.)Wait for a sale, or freebie on PSN/XBL.2/10"
76561198080594640,Recommended,230840,9975355,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,monzoco,I've just aquired this game today and have played about 1 hour of it. It is very scary and suspencefull but I found the first 20 minutes boring because your wandering through endless corridors searching for the same sh*t which people don't even read. If I would have to rate this game out of 10 it would be a 8/10. Remeber i've only been playing for about a hour so don't pull your♥♥♥♥♥♥off in rage.
,Recommended,230840,9975406,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Decoy Octopus,"Pretty decent walking simulator. Is that a new genre? No combat here. More exploration and puzzle solving while unraveling the mystery. Anyway, some scares to be had. Just about the right length, but don't pay more than $10 US on this. Awesome graphics. New Unreal engine delivers. Overall, worth checking out if you like Outlast or similar and are not tired of the genre. Just don't overpay."
,Recommended,230840,9975479,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,CREATiVE MiKE,"Scuury stuff indeed, with good relay value.  10/10 for horror"
76561198053220080,Recommended,230840,9975741,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,sonusheorte,"If you want to be scared , this will not let you down...running is your best friend ;)"
,Not Recommended,230840,9975905,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,xgreencatx,I spent 15$ on this game and it wont even work. Great game... Not.
76561198030608964,Recommended,230840,9975965,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mr Wiggle,That ♥♥♥♥ing ghost !!!! Pop from nowhere !!!!!! All my body was wet when i am playing this XD
76561197961554752,Not Recommended,230840,9976011,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,peeka,I pre-ordered the game hoping to see the unreal 4 engine on a finished product and was sorely disappointed. The game has a lot of bugs and the lighting is terrible. As an example if you hold a flare and get too close to a wall the flare goes through and the light disappears.
76561197972653340,Not Recommended,230840,9976260,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ice-9,Don't buy this. It's just a clone of Slender where you collect papers and notes while avoiding ghosts. Little to no scares; all jump scare variety. Came into this expecting something along the lines of Outlast and was extremely dissapointed. Waste of $10.
76561198006598827,Not Recommended,230840,9976274,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Clayton Bigsby,So...This game cannot be run without buying a new/new graphics card???Thanks Zombie Studios!Make the game scalable for people without a lot of money to run it!Don't force our hands.
76561198121914897,Not Recommended,230840,9976316,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Titanus,"I'll just put the bottom line good and bad out there from what i've seen so far.As always with these types of games it is best experienced with headphones in the dark.The good.Dark creepy atmosphere that is easy to get drawn into.Excellent lighting effects.Jump scares abound.Easy to learn and use controls that remind you of amnesia.Interesting story that is told through random flashbacks newspaper articles and some weird old dude talking over the phone.Ghosts and shadows will definately make you jump out of your skin.Pretty good quality graphics.Reasonably priced game at 15$ Though I was smart and preordered. Try to get it for less than 10$ if you can.The bad.Persistant choppy lag that didn't go away even after I lowered the graphics setting to damn near mid 2000s era quality. This hindered me greatly and caused me no end of doom and frustration, Others are having the same issues as well I may add, this problem MUST be fixed as it is causing some poor souls' games to crash in bad cases.Recycled enviroments that while randomly generated just don't fit together properly. One second I was in an insane asylum then a morgue then a prison cell block then back to an asylum. They could fix this by having certain areas only spawn around other areas that match them, Then we wouldn't have the confusing unrealistic layouts and everything would flow together seamlessly and make this feel like a true full on retail game.Jump scares abound. Hey, This crap has been done to death if you like it more power to you but most people are tired of this recycled predictable scare tactic. ""Penumbra 1-2&3, amnesia 1&2,Outlast, and a whole slew of other games not to mention a few more that are STILL being developed all have already done it."" (PS buy penumbra and amnesia if you haven't already. Totally worth it.) and while the ambiance IS creepy the jumpscare to ambiance ratio is a bit uneven leading to you just being annoyed by damn ghosts trying to kill you constantly.Shadows that chase you endlessly. It is KINDA difficult to get♥♥♥♥♥♥done and find all the clues you need to get through the game when the same freaking ghost appears every single time your freaking flare goes out causing you to lose health or die almost instantly. It makes exploring and finding what you MUST have to progress through the game nearly impossible and makes you not want to play it again. This must be fixed as well, I actually had to quit my game because I couldn't advance.Repetitive linear gameplay dispite the randomly generated maps. Do NOT let their talk of randomly generated maps fool you into think that this game will constantly be a new adventure, You will STILL be hunting for the SAME objects in the SAME areas and the only thing that will be different is the layout. Nothing else changes and you still have to find 6 objects to make an object appear that allows you to proceed to the next area where you do the same exact thing. It is the very definition of Tedious.IN CONCLUSION.The game would function PERFECTLY if it were not for the lag as that was the only technical issue I personally have had and it seems to be the big issue with the game itself as many others have the same problem. While pretty to look at the quality of the graphics don't mean anything if the game is so full of lag that everything is constantly fading in and out of focus or glitching out! The game flow is obstructed by random out of place enviroments that just don't fit in which makes the game feel unrealistic which can make it hard to put yourself into the game if you are a fan of attention to detail. There are too many jump scares and not enough buildup to get to those scares which makes most of them in turn, cheap, repetitive, and predictable.The game at it's core is tedious at best and a never ending array of poorly placed areas won't change that and if the developers thought it would distract people from their lazy game design they are dead wrong. As you play this game you will notice that it is nothing more than a mere knockoff of other better indie games, This one will not be worth your time until it is patched and hopefully updated and offered at a reduced price. get it for less than 9$ if you can as it may not even work at all for you. I give this game an A for effort but a D for execution, With a little more polishing this game will be a buyable and enjoyable game but until then I say steer clear and force the developers to put a little more effort into the game to encourage others to buy it. I give it a 2.5 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,230840,9976861,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Stebby,"Daylight is a game that both dissapointed me, and suprised me at the same time, which makes it difficult to recommend to a larger crowd, but will appeal to horror fans in need of a fix.In Daylight, you play as Sarah, as she wakes up in a hospital with, get this, no memory whatsoever about how she got there or why she is there. This is basically an excuse to go wandering in dark halls while getting all spookied and whatnot. But is Daylight scary? Most of the time, yes, yes it is. I will admit to getting startled a few times, and being genuinely creeped out by the atmosphere. On the other hand, sometimes when the game wants to be scary, it falls flat on it's face, often coming off as if it's trying too hard to be scary.The gameplay is certaily a flaw for this game. Daylight follows the standard ""Slender"" formula, as you walk around finding pages that give insight on the story while you get chased by a witch that will appear and dissapear throughout the level. Often times, the witch would spawn in front of me, which got annoying. But sadly, I was never really threatened, as I could pull out a flare to, quite comically, set the witch ablaze, which took a lot away from her, considering I was never in short supply of flares. Also, much like Slender, I often found myself walking around in circles looking for the last page.To close this review, for 15$, I don't believe that the 60 minute running time will be enough for most players, and the lack of any challenging gameplay, plus hit or miss scares, make this a hard one to sell. For those of those who need a quick fix for a horror game, feel free to drop the cash, otherwise Daylight is better left alone."
,Not Recommended,230840,9977045,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SpAcEgObLiN,Damn youtubers... Thanks for the waste of money. I may never pre-order a game again because of you. It's poop guys move along.
,Recommended,230840,9977854,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ThaMadRippa,"If you think Outlast is scary, try this! This game is full of random unexpected jumpscares and that makes it such an awesome game!"
,Recommended,230840,9978457,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,deadering,"Can't seem to disable the Oculus Rift, but the game is quite horrifying using the Rift. You really start to run away not just to avoid losing but because you are so ♥♥♥♥ing scared. Really gets the heart pounding!Very immersive and incredible visuals. The lighting really showcases the visuals when upclose and personal through a HMD."
,Not Recommended,230840,9978849,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Aura,"I Pre-Ordered this, with promices of a procedurally generated horror game, on a next-gen engine, and the soundtrack for those who Pre-Ordered I was excited. What I had in mind was something similar to how SCP-Containment Breach did to randomzie paths, and maybe something that would actually scare me. (Underhell is the only game [Mod] to scare me to date.) What I got was a linear, idenical (Oh, I went left instead of right, but the halls look all the same!) find the papers over and over game with a witch-thing that makes noises and runs at you. (Get the papers, does that sound fimilar?) I also got three songs. The OST is three songs..I haven't bothered to listen to them yet, though. Anyway, I can't say this is a totally bad game, cause the idea is good. The excution, however needs major improvement.."
76561198112650381,Recommended,230840,9979297,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,JoeyD,"Make no mistake, this game will scare the bejeesus out of you, and if it doesn't, then mister - you're a better man than I.But is that enough?Because, basically, that's all you get. If you're a fan of the horror genre in general, be it movies, books or games then you'll probably be able to predict what happens next. This game unashamedly trots out all the horror tropes - almost by the book - for better or worse, and for veterans of the genre, this might make it seem a little tired.But for some, the fact that it plays from the Horror Cliches 101 textbook can work in its favour. You will be deliciously on edge as you pass by that wheelchair, because you just know it's going to suddenly move its squeaky wheels in your direction. If I look through this window, is a ghastly face going to appear on the other side, looking back?It's moments like these that make this game so intense and frightening at times, to say nothing of the supernatural denizens that reside in the asylum that you may or may not come face to face with.But if you're expecting deep gameplay and open ended exploration you will be sorely disappointed. Although this game does what it promises - scares the crap out of you - there's nothing much else really to it. You wander around hunting for Remnants, in game lore items, while waiting for the next supernatural event to occur. And, well, that's pretty much all she wrote.It becomes somewhat tedious after awhile trudging through the same recycled corridors. And let me tell you, there are a LOT of corridors. For a game that was hyped as much as it was for using the Unreal 4 engine, the graphics and textures look somewhat muddy and washed out, at least they did on my rig. They definitely have a previous-gen look about them. And this is baffling, considering the fairly hefty system requirements. Though the sound design is excellent, and perfectly complements what's going on onscreen.For the price though, give it a shot if you're a fan of survival horror games or horror stuff in general - you'll enjoy it, at least for a while - for this game is best enjoyed in short chunks, rather than extended play sessions.In summary, it's horror-by-the-numbers fare that will absolutely have you browning trou, but apart from the scares, there is little on offer here in the way of gameplay and with surprisingly meaty running requirements at odds with the ordinary graphics you'll want to be a survival horror fan to appreciate this. If you want something you can savour, and enjoy being scared then, for the price especially, you can't go wrong here.A slightly above average 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,230840,9980134,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Fartu_Master,Okay so this game is just AMAZING!!!PROS:Amazing graphicsSoundScaresCONS:Phone too smallHardIf you don't have this game yet then grab a copy right now!
76561198043842432,Not Recommended,230840,9980981,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,synth,It's boring and badly optimized. Also it crashes. Save your money. Do not buy this trash.
76561197990548443,Not Recommended,230840,9981076,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ahksar,"Poor level design, weak cliche story and tedious gameplay. If you've played Amnesia , Oulast, etc you know what this is. The ""scares"" are pathetically overused and due to the poor setup become pretty obvious. Avoid it."
76561198039149351,Recommended,230840,9981088,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pink,"I think this game is great! so many ppl are complaining that it is very repetitive but what do you expect from a horror game? also ppl are saying that the game is freezing and that theirs long loading times. My GPU isnt that good at all and im not having any problems. Over all I like this game, since I like the creepy atmosphere and jumpscares. 8/10"
,Recommended,230840,9981436,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ArkonBlade,decent horror game but very short. beat it in under 3 hours. Not a bad game but  a bit repetitive . pretty much find 6 notes then get the key unlock the door avoid the witch and repeat. did get a few jumps out of the game. worth it for under $10 if you like horror games.
,Not Recommended,230840,9982092,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,theinkedgentleman,"If, like me, you suffer from directional dyslexia, you will find Daylight so frustrating. There is the occasional scare but nothing major (outlast was much better on the whole feel of dread and horror). Wandering blindly around a maze is my own personal hell, mix that up with the potential of running into an enemy and dying, then being dumped back at the beginning of an area which your internal compass can find no bearing in. Rooms moved randomly, item shifted into different places, frustrating as hell. Mostly I ended up finding my way out by accident. Graphics are a bit meh, so much more potential in the engine. Save points come at odd times and not when expected. Some character speech comes at the wrong times, "" what was that noise"" there was no noise love etc. Disjointed voice narrative is non-sensical and unhelpful. To sum it up, so much potential and hype, yet totally missed the bar. May be worth a bang when its down to just a few quid."
,Not Recommended,230840,9982777,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Davos Seaworth,For all of you thinking of getting Daylight. Don't. To me it was a waste of my money and to make it better the game won't even work. I would suggest waiting to see if they make the game any better than what it is right now.
,Recommended,230840,9983170,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,NikAr,Scary sh*t
76561198107037982,Recommended,230840,9983274,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Joeyytaylor94,"For some reason my game glitches when i try to resume my game, plus it doesnt load. i bought this game as a pre order?why is it not working properle"
,Recommended,230840,9983490,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,DrWaffle99,Very scary and very fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqjKJ1jd7f4&list=UUkeHEgfhiURmjVgXZFPCHKg
,Not Recommended,230840,9983549,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Gypopothomas,"Walk around corridors, collecting pages. That's about it. The atmosphere is brilliant, but walking through the same copy and pasted rooms over and over ruins the immersion."
76561197970624242,Not Recommended,230840,9984345,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,netrixx,CRAP
76561198095277519,Recommended,230840,9984347,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Octurian,this game will be suspensful and the moment when your least expecting is when the game gives you the scare. This is a great game
,Recommended,230840,9984648,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Vibes,I gieve it's too dumps ubp!
,Recommended,230840,9984749,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,็็็็็,=C peepee.
,Recommended,230840,9984818,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Wizbutts,"The game's called Daylight, but I can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥I found a bear, though. Put it in a satan hole and some stuff happened I think.I don't really find Jessica Chobot attractive. She kind of looks like a rodent.I give it 640 x 480 pixels out of 1920 x 1080 because that's how big the textures look.Recommending it, though, just because the cell phone has top notch battery life."
76561198049261843,Not Recommended,230840,9985067,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,kaede,"This game was far too easy, not scary enough and the story barely made any sense.The level design is suppose to change to keep things interesting but I hardly saw any changes at all. Also this game is extremely short."
76561198123404319,Recommended,230840,9985069,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Trash Panda,"Played this is the dark by myself, sometimes too scary to handle. Had several mini heart attacks. Afraid to turn around because she might be there...waiting. I highly recommend this game if your in for a thrill!"
,Recommended,230840,10276714,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ypsi the Flintsider,"I have recently been able to play Daylight, and I'm glad that I have. This game is like a good horror movie - well-paced, good timing and it finds the player rooting for the protagonist - whoever that appears to be. It's also very creepy. I currently do Let's Plays on YouTube (Flintsiders Productions), and I feel like game has been the source of the best videos I have done on there. Take in the environment and enjoy the ambiance as you connect the dots and find your way out of this place!- Ypsi"
,Not Recommended,230840,10235855,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Memorix101,"If you are looking for a cool horror experience than go with Outlast or Amnesia The Dark Descent, but leave this alone it isn't it worth :("
76561198099509764,Recommended,230840,10237071,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,-BigRed-,"Daylight was enjoyable. Good, spooky atmosphere. The story is pretty good, recycled but done well. Liked the lack of ""combat"" and complete emphisis on survival. Sometimes the clue hunt got a bit tedious when I had to keep back-tracking endless corridors looking for that one missing clue. Also, very quick death happens when you simply turn a corner and ... you're dead"".Plus, the Nvidia ""special enhanced graphics"" didn't really add much, the production values are obviously on par with a small studio ... I didn't involve this in my review. Startups don't have the biggest budgets and they need to pick and choose where to use their money.I play slowly and I finished the game in 7 ""game hours"".Overall this was a good effort and I give it a solid 7 out of 10."
76561198131238834,Recommended,230840,10238774,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,chrisdisturbed73,"Really resisting the urge to turn on all my lights right now. Daylight to me so far seems pretty solid. Definitely a game for horror fans and those who like figuring out mysteries. Controls seem stiff but its something you get used to (and by stiff I mean the speed which you turn, tried adjusting sensitiivity, didn't do anything for me.)I've read a lot of negative stuff about this so far. That stuff doesn't work and such. I haven't seen any problems so far. Then again I didn't start playing til after a couple of updates.The atmosphere is creepy. This will look very good on high end machines. The halls look a lot alike. So if getting lost annoys you prepare yourself because you're gonna be checking your phone often to find the right way. Again if liitle things like that annoy you prepare yourself. Then again its another thing you'll get used to.Is this worth 14.99? Maybe. Should you buy it on sale? Yes. When I play more my opinion may change either way for this game."
76561198019046685,Recommended,230840,10226332,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hooded Crow,First level isn't scary at all and i guess is more of a tutorial to get you use to it.  Second level will make you @#$ yourself if you play it in 3D.  After that sadly the 3d screws up and the frames are massivly dropped.  Also it is to short and isn't worth what is charged for it unless they release free dlc later on.  Scare value is worth it though and once all the bugs are worked out this game has the potential to be awesome!
,Not Recommended,230840,10284599,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Vetiver,"What a let down:/. This is my first review and, I hate to say this game isn't worth your time.  Here are my issues.I can forgive the graphics, but you become really frustrated and angry that the HUD on your smart phone doesn't really help you locate the notes, (like Slender) to make progress.  Here, you don't feel dread when you find the next note, simply feelings like: ""It's about time! What the ♥♥♥♥? Didn't I search in this room already? *sigh* She better not kill me...""Later check points are horrible. You'll grind your teeth because what works in the beggining with flares, will not work later. Sometimes the ghost will do a stealth kill on you, without you even seeing her. The red blur will affect your vision when you try running away, and it makes it frustrating, not scary, when you are trying to get away.The ending...really?...REALLY?!?! I beat this at a buddies house, and we both looked at each other similar to when Miley Cyrus twerked it up.  It's fun to play horror games with a friend, but I had to see that he was as frustrated as I was. Too bad I didn't save him from buying this game. Just don't waste your time guys."
,Recommended,230840,10073303,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ShanesPrettyRad,"The ambience is definitely there, and it's spooky.However once you figure out the strategy for dealing with the shadow people the game really loses that frightening touch.It felt like a short game, and I was really hoping there'd be more enemies to run from, such as the thing that followed me at the very start of the game. That never happened though.I picked it up on sale for 10 dollars with the pre-order, and I'd say it was worth that. It's even worth 15 of your hard earned dollars.Yeah, so.Cool."
,Recommended,230840,10078659,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mom Jeans,"This is the most terrifying game experience I've ever had. I shot my pants, tenfold. I love it!"
,Recommended,230840,10078943,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Cinder Fluxfire,spooky but yet fun!!
,Not Recommended,230840,10083071,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lemmingski,Basically a gritty reboot of Pacman.Not even a compelling showcase for the new Unreal engine.Remember how Amnesia scared you?  This won't.Remember how the beta for Doom 3 wowed you?  This won't.I do look forward to a competent use of the engine.
76561197975604463,Not Recommended,230840,10083610,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Soulreape,"Where to start ? Unoriginal , terrible looking fetch quest. I get more scares trying to find my way to the bathroom in the dark. Sorely dissapointed in a game that I was really looking forward to, if you MUST buy it (due to temporary insanity or some other ill) then wait for it in a Steam sale, and don't pay any more than £1 for it even then.Unreal Engine 4 ?! Really !? Where ?"
,Recommended,230840,10086599,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Skywarp,"Scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.. Ya know, maan. Like... for real."
76561198129466883,Recommended,230840,10222274,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,SkinWalker,"The game is fine but i have a problem, It says i have to get DX11 so i can play it. But i dont know where to download it from."
,Recommended,230840,10225004,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,moshedbrotato1,its a bit slow for me and i dont know why. any tips anyone?
76561198030470954,Recommended,230840,10217130,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,killzmccool,"honestly, i may be the only one who likes this game, or the only one who gets scared of this game. I can play outlast and amensia with turtle beaches and feel nothing, but this game makes my back sweat lmao. I enjoyed this game, it scares my **** inbetween my legs. only because the ghost is unpredictable. whereas outlast and amnesia have things who monitor or lurk around that isnt scary thats just time consuming waiting to go to then next location, but dont get me wrong i love both amnesia and outlast equaly, i just felt Daylight had more of a scary luster. im on my second playthrough and theirs a whole other area i didn't see before. I'm also a big paranormal fan so this game is my icing on the cake. well, that is all, hate if you want to hate, love if you want to love. lol this game is my nightmare fuel literally."
,Recommended,230840,10577157,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,YinYang_Fox,"Daylight is a beautiful looking game. The gameplay is engaging and keeps you on your toes as you wander the creepy grounds and endless corridors, as you make your way around the haunted hospital in which you are trying to escape."
,Not Recommended,230840,24740710,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Blurry Face,"From the few mintues I have been able to play, this has a lot of potential.Unfortunately, I cannot progress through the door. It is constantly loading and so I am stuck in the beginning.Seeing as I cannot continue the game after multiple attempts, I solemnly cannot recommend this game."
76561198083789713,Not Recommended,230840,16518325,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,izzy,when i first bought it was supposed to be a graphic marvel for its time it was junk and the gameplay was junk waste of money
76561198060593979,Not Recommended,230840,16479319,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,miranda9,"I got this game as a first person maze puzzle game, not for its fright factors.   The complaints about uneven video presentation were not experienced.  I found the maze aspect acceptable, The video a bit too dark but probably necessary to have that spooky feel.  The puzzle seems single themed so once you get the premis behind the first couple of stages you have a fair idea how to proceed further.   I liked the poltergise effects as objects move on their own, it was entertaining.I did not like the preditory ghost concept which only gets faster and faster  as compensation for the lack of puzzle variations to keep the players interest up.  Not a fan of reaction time based games.The suggested ways of dealing with the preditory regenerating ghost, like , dont look at the ghost, back up through it, look only at the floor, all fail to prevent you from being bumped back to the  last programmed save point, This save point   is not under the users control as the player cannot do a save.   You get bumped back when you die from the ghost attacks.  The ghost damage is cumulative and appears not to allow for a return to health, even when the red visual effects of damage vanish.  The repeated use of flares to ward off ghost attacks can work once you know where to find all the replacement flares and run from one flare storage point to the next while burning up some of  the flares you have on the way.Due to the lack of variations on a theme I cannot recommend this game as it has little attraction to play again once you have finished it.  Perhaps a random maze and clue placement generator built in to this game might entice a revisit and its durability as a game."
,Not Recommended,230840,17344928,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DracoMalus,"This game is an extreme disappointment.  Desipite using Unreal 4 to power it, it is a very generic, very empty, and very repetitive game.   The fact that you have to replay it several times just to get all the story info is a cheap ""play extending"" tactic used by weak developers.  I'm not sure I want to finish this game once, let alone play it several more times.Levels are random for the most part and there appears to be no kind of algorithm that keeps one particular piece from being used to often.  There will be  times where you will see the same room in a section more than once, often more than three times.There is no combat, but there is danger that ends your game.  This can be frustrationg because the supposed way to beat the typical danger is with a flare but it doesn't alwats work.  I don't understand why sometimes it works, other times it doesn't and there is no explanation as to why.  A flaw in the design or prerhaps a bug.Death is completely irritating because you must start the current level completely from the beginning, meaning even if you're two steps from finishing the level and unlocking the next if you die then you must explore the level and collect everything AGAIN.  I am currently stuck early in the game because after collecting a key to unlock the next level I am confronted with the adversary and cannot avoid or defeat it in anyway.There are only autosaves in this game, and the game is only saved at the start of each new section, or level.  Another ignorant developer who thinks they know better than we do on how we want to play again so they forgo manual saves.  I am sick of the this, developers egos or laziness taking my NEED to be able to save the god damn game when I want to.  Auto saves are fine, but a game has to have manual saves as well.The game looks and feels creepy with the typical decrepit asylum environment, random creepy sounds like screams and thumping, and random, but limited, dialogue form the protagonist or one other charater. Still, there isn't enough here to really deliver any true scares.   There are very few things you can interact with, there are very few things that aren't static, and even most of the non-static things function rarely to provie jump scares.I have not come across any puzzles, just the typical notes you find that tell a piece of the story.  Some backtracking is required as you must find both the key and the exit which are typically on opposite ends of the map, and you cannot get the key until you've collected all the specific notes in the area.All in all this is a very basic game.  Very basic gameplay, very basic and unoriginal story, overly repetitive random levels, and a very poor showing of the Unreal Engine's graphic capabilities.   For as crappy as the game runs with everything turned up there isn't anything to look at that makes you go ""Wow!   Unreal Engine 4 is awesome!""If ther eis anything good to say about the game then it would be these:  the sound quality is well done, what little voice acting there is is above average, and the last part of teh game, maybe the last 3 levels or perhaps the last 20-30 minutes of the game were much better than the earlier sections.I really don't recommend this game as it brings absolutely nothing new to the horror genre nor does it get much of the old right.  It doesn't do the Urnreal Engine any favors by being the ""first"" Unreal 4 game due to it's lack of and kind of visual treats."
76561198126249350,Recommended,230840,16280048,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Nikolas,awesome!
76561198050746712,Recommended,230840,9984921,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,nydinh,I like it
76561197998612662,Recommended,230840,14117622,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Crackatawa,"Takes place in cliche horror environments, but you tend to overlook that when you're trying to stay alive. Great mechanics using different lights for different things. Just needs a girl wearing a miniskirt and boots and it's golden.10/10 would light again."
76561198128168562,Not Recommended,230840,13801429,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SR,Mediocre slender knock-off that doesn't really bring anything new to the table.Props for female centric plot though.
76561197995481641,Not Recommended,230840,13858371,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,V!P3R,"Really disappointed in this game. It really is like slender but with awesome graphics, a bit of randomness and ~5 different locations. And it is so damn short! The story is almost nonexistend (just some confusing papers you have to find)...Had high hopes and preordered. Never again. Thx for waking me up."
,Not Recommended,230840,15272839,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,cyberchronomage,"I got this game at launch and couldn't play it due to the DX 11 issue. After a while I finally upgraded my PC all around. Lo and behold, I still can't play it at all. It doesn't even try to load and just crashes after I click to launch it. Three reinstalls and diagnostics that say everything is fine on my PC tell me this game is just a buggy mess. I'd ask for a refund, but the devs never got back to me the first time I tried that so I'm not going to bother."
,Not Recommended,230840,16391446,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Celtic [Styx],"Interesting concept, but in my opinion overall pretty boring.I'm an enthusiastic (survival) horror gamer and after watching some videos I had a good feeling about this game, maybe to get a nice shock or two out of it.Well I played for about 1 hour now, in this time in F.E.A.R. for example I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants already while here I'm about to fall asleep.I would only recommend this if it's on sale for a buck or something."
,Not Recommended,230840,16259401,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Bokado,I had big expectations of this game. But I was a bit dissapointed when I started playing. After +/- 20 minutes I was totally stuck and couldn't move on. Took me ages. This could be better.
76561198110978474,Recommended,230840,16217994,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,bigdc333,Daylight... it had an okay story. If you play without head phones it's not all that scary. But if you play it like you sould play itwith head phones on. Sound all the way up. All your lights out. And late at night. It can be very scary. It's not the best game i've ever played. But it sure as hell is not the worst game i've ever played. If your a fan of horror games this is one you sould get. But maybe wait till it's on sell. But in the end it's an okay game.    6 out of 10.
76561198026539060,Recommended,230840,16314863,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Rexus,This game Is very Scary and its well made the story is a little twisted but its good and i can make sure i will play it again ! Rekommending this game to those who loves Horror games !
,Recommended,230840,16438576,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FC_Nightingale,"I thought it was really good; I enjoyed the graphics, scares, and idea of the game. What I didn't like was that right as the story starts getting deep and hooks you...it's over...It seems like they ran out of production time or something....I would love to see more done in the future. Worth the playthrough though!"
76561198074841140,Not Recommended,230840,17037076,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Vro,"♥♥♥♥ing boring and difficult to follow. Graphics are ok but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is like a a balloon coated in icing. It looks nice, but has no material to it. The story is garbo and the actual enemy system and objectives is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198006719206,Recommended,230840,17038302,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Lednera,"Game was quite enjoyable getting the occassional scare, was made better by playing with an audience in a dark room listening to ""Total Eclipse of the Heart"".Alcohol with a group can make it last even longer.Achievements is easy to get as you can speed run the game in under 30minutes.Also encountered zero bugs."
76561197971651541,Not Recommended,230840,10088003,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SunZ,The atmosphere is great but the visuals are so blurred and muggy that it gives me a headache! Turning all the settings off didn't make it sharper (as in anti-alias off). Could hav e been great but is just technicaly bad.
,Recommended,230840,10203082,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,zkratt,"Cool!I'm about 2 hours in to the game right now so I'm still walking around the same-looking corridors of the hospital but it feels like I have plenty left and I hope for some change in scenery.Though I have to say, there doesn't seem to be anything more to it than just navigating a maze, finding all the clues, unlock the key and proceeding to the next area. ...Except sticking to your balls, lighting a few flares and enduring a few cheap-scares.Runs fine on my specs.Intel i5 3570kRadeon 7870 2GBGraphicwise I see some pretty lowres textures almost everywhere. Lighting is impressive though. It's a tad disappointing since this is the first game I've got running the Unreal 4 engine. I suppose I expected more. I don't think this game brings more eyecandy than Outlast, but if you're like me and couldn't enjoy Outlast because of the constant breathing sound then this will be awesome.The sounds in this game is stellar.Anyway, the pricepoint isn't farfetched at all and the game is kind of cool, I like it."
,Recommended,230840,12167705,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,«[ČĻĻ]» JAY72(UK),spooky and full of scare its cool : ) i would advise wearing headphones while playing it gives it that edge to make you jum : )
76561198049237421,Not Recommended,230840,13382231,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,xpozitron,"Nice atmospheric survival horror, werty short, not much of a replay value for me. Proceduraly generated levels (at least partially) might sound nice but running around with copy&pasted parts of levels became soon quite boring. One type of enemy makes this more of a technical demo than a game. Getting all collectibles seems to be more of a chore than challenge. The voiceover of the acrtress is very annoying: Repeated blabbering about visibility and generic scrreaming."
,Recommended,230840,13358158,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,IPunt,"Do I recommend this game?Yes.Do I like every aspect of it?No.It has an interesting story, with overused, redudent story telling.Overall, I'd give it a 7.5/10This is very Outlast in nature, while not exactly following up to the latter.  You start off in a mental institution, and as the story progresses, I think some old crazy dude talking to me on my phone wants me to explore my past?  I don't really remember.  The monologues from the characters aren't exactly memorable, however the puzzle/horror style of the game, at least to me, is pretty memorable.  This game heavily relies on jump scares, most of which do have some shock value.ProsPuzzle/horror/atmospheric worksFun storyMostly memorable gameRuns smoothly on higher (not highest) quality graphics.ConsVery repatitive(AS IN, FIND YOUR WAY THROUGH THIS MAZE LEVEL TO GET TO THE NEXT!)Some jump scares fall shortSometimes the guy on the phone really breaks you out of the atmosphere of the gameBONUSHOW HAS MY PHONE NOT RUN OUT OF BATTERY YET?  SERIOUSLY WHAT KIND OF BATTERY DOES THIS THING HAVE, BECUASE MY IPHONE 5 COULD REALLY USE IT!"
,Recommended,230840,14002983,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RAIZO,"I really like this game, and the graphics and sound design are pretty good for a budget game; the environments are especially creepy and the use of glow sticks and flares is fun too.  This game’s main downside is that it suffered an increasingly popular gameplay mechanic that indie developers (mostly) utilize in budget ($15-$20 on Steam) horror games – that of the random and/or pointless ‘fetch’ quest.  In Daylight’s case this takes the form of finding scraps of paper with a glowing sigil on them.Once you find enough, some key-like item can then be collected from a magically-bound room that you in turn must use on a magically barred room/passage to proceed on to the next location, etc. Of course you have to backtrack to find said ‘barred’ room/passage which can be a real pain in the a$$ considering that you can’t use a flare at that point to ward off the witches (the ghosts that appear in the game) and the map on the phone your character continually holds out (light is always on at least) in her right hand isn’t very helpful.  One other factor some will have an issue with is length - Daylight will only take most peeps on Steam about 1.5 – 2 hrs to complete.Granted, that is a pretty short length for a game, but when considering that the basis of this game is the proverbial ‘fetch’ quest, that doesn’t seem so bad in retrospect (seriously, would anyone want to endure a game that is 10+ hrs, or perhaps far longer, when that was the sole basis of said game? I think not!). There are trading cards, achievements and controller support as well, so that makes playing more enjoying and the achievements at least add some replay value if that’s your thing.Not a bad game to finish on per se (the developers closed up shop after 20+ yrs recently so hopefully you won’t suffer a bug that prevents you from playing this game properly, if at all, as you just may be SOL at that point) and with the drop from $15 to $10 it definitely wouldn’t hurt to look into grabbing a copy for yourself."
,Not Recommended,230840,14143539,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cordova,The real problem with this game is that there isn't any threat to you at any time. If you look away from the ghosts they can't hurt you. It took me maybe half an hour to figure that out and after that it ceased being scary and became SUPER boring. Don't waste your time.
76561198027985703,Recommended,230840,14601030,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kojiro,"In the vein of Slender or A Machine For Pigs.  The game was fun, worth the low price it carries now, if you're into that sort of game."
76561197984112542,Not Recommended,230840,9979824,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Briosh,"Poorly executed and unoptimised. It has issues even in nVidia cards that it so proudly 'supports'. The graphics are in fact a ton of image and post proccessing effects rather than good design. I can't play more than 10"" before dropping to 1fps and even freeze. I don't like hate reviews or 0/10 rage ratings, so for this game i will simply say hold on to your money untill there is at least a couple of updates/fixes."
,Not Recommended,230840,10010951,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Everything Horror,"Can't play it at all! Pre-ordered it too and still haven't had my OST download... This isn't your worth your time. I need some DX11 update and can't seem to find a download for Windows Vista.EDIT: March 26th 2015Finally got a Windows xbox 360 controller to actually play this game. It hiccups so bad near the end, it still isn't worth your time unless you just want something to not get bored."
76561198124870742,Not Recommended,230840,14918973,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MikuHinasaki,"After watching gronkhs lets play i thought 'could be funny' but now its like...sigh.I don´t demand a lot of 'story sense' while playing a horror game, and for that it is ok. The ending ( i won´t spoil you here with details, just my opinion) was lame, really lame. I figured that out at the very beginning and i guess i wasn´t the only one. Furthermore i am one of the lucky players who has problems to get the game run. Sometimes it does run, sometimes it won´t or while playing smoothly for 20 or 30 minutes it gets stuck.  What an aweful thing i spend 10 € for it.But i guess, if you´re system 'likes' the game, then you could have fun playing this."
76561197980339005,Not Recommended,230840,14693910,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Major League Infidel,This game is actually only like 10 minutes long. Its just on a loop to make it seem longer.
,Not Recommended,230840,23617382,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"I'm updating this review simply because after the third or fourth area, the game gets extremely repetative and boring. It's sort of scary for all of an hour at most, then things just start to get really, really annoying."
