user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,230820,19183011,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""Remember: there are no problems, only challenges!""Considering all my experiences with Daedalic Entertainment so far, I tend to hold a middle ground in my judgements. The game is either perfect - likeMemoria- or consists of a perfect idea ruined in rushed display - likeWhispered World. On a 50-50 gamble, I took my chance and I'm happy to declare thatThe Night of the Rabbitwent to snatch itself a place among the perfect ones.Meet Jeremiah Hazelnut, a young boy who lives in a forest hut with his mother, and it's the last two days of his summer vacation. Young Jerry ventures out to the forest to find himself an adventure before dinner, and ends up meeting a strange rabbit named Marquis de Hoto who offers Jerry the great opportunity to become a wizard's apprentice! Marquis promises Jerry that he'll be home before dinner, and takes him to the village of Mousewood, where he'll be trained in the art of arts: magic! As Jerry proudly declares:Anything's possible on a day in summer vacation!Before getting into gameplay, I'd like to take a moment to talk about the atmosphere of the game. The whole setting is already captivating with beautiful 2D art backgrounds, enchanting soundtrack and loveable characters as if they are taken out of a beloved children's book. Aside the trademark folklore themes of mainland Europe, numerous other mythologies are carefully wrapped up into a well-balanced setting of its own in this wondrous little tale. Character depth and storytelling are marvelous, voice acting is stunning and dialogue interactions vary between conjuring a warm smile on your face and inviting you to sudden striking realizations on human nature. Don't let the cute setting fool you; I took a pause to consider the wisdom behind an unexpected remark made in game more than once.For the gameplay: it is a bit more than your casual point and click adventure. For the most part of the game, you are presented with a townful of people and places to explore, and also a handful of side stories and/or quests to accomplish aside the main scenario with card rewards. Item combinations are imaginative, yet not obscure at all. With some observation, it is possible to go through the whole game. Through his adventures, Jerry will learn some spells that will enrich the gameplay and present you new options of exploration; like talking to statues, growing plants in mere seconds, changing shape... and even make impossible, possible!One of my favorite parts in the game is that you are encouraged to collect some mysterious cards in your explorations which you can use to play a card game named Quartets with the town's inhabitants. It is a lovely mini game that takes some attention and an exercise of memory. The game also contains some collectibles for you to look for - like stickers, dew drops and stories told by a mysterious woodspirit. They are not a must, but collecting them reveals some side lore to the game that you may enjoy very much. Every detail is carefully placed to make a whole masterfully. There is a variety of things to do in this game which offers at least 10 hours of gameplay roughly.As a final word, when I chose to playThe Night of the Rabbit, I wasn't expecting this kind of quality in setting, story, narration or gameplay. This is a wonderful and imaginative tale that I'll remember for a long time. Jerry's tale might have ended here, but I wonder if Mousewood or Marquis made their last appearances... I wish not.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,230820,10524574,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ARollingWalrus,"This game is a work of art.  The music, the art, the voice-acting, the story, and even the hidden collectables are magnificent.  Even if you use a walk through the whole time (some of the puzzles are less than intiutive), it is worth playing and sharing.  The creators even included 8 recorded stories, beautifully written and read, as one of the collectibles.  The dedication and care put into this game are evident and the experience is inifinitely better for it.  After playing it through once, I would happily play it again, just to get all the collectibles and enjoy the story once more. I wish more games were like this one."
,Not Recommended,230820,7841050,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Originalyeti82,"I really want to love this game. The visuals are stellar; it gives a very winnie the pooh-esque vibe that fills me with nostalgia. The characters are adorable and the writing in terms of dialogue is fantastic. This is just not an enjoyable GAME. Mind you, I've played Walking Dead, all of the Monkey Island games, three Ace Attorney  games, All three seasons of the new Sam and Max games, I even played a few Myst titles and Milo. This game has very little understanding of common logic. You grind every piece of furniture and tools in where you wish for it to go. No characters are helpful in terms of advice, some even lie to you about how you are expected to solve certain challenges. What frustrates me is what clues ARE given are just vague enough to drive you crazy. Puzzles like ""draw on a rock"" in the middle of several areas FULL of rocks can be quite maddening. Or perhaps you have all you need to solve a puzzle with a certain character, but the game refuses to recognize your solution until a certain amount of other events have come to pass elsewhere. Some Point-and-Clicks are quite guilty of this, but never has such a problem stopped me dead in my tracks so utterly. When I played past games and came to a solution, I felt satisfied, happy even. Here, I am frustrated at how much time is lost due to a require psychic understanding of the programmer's problem solving. I will give the game credit: the story is stellar. A very Whovian quality to the intention. I would reccommend watching it. or playing through it with a guide. But this is a very frustrating adventure game. If there was a more straightforward way to offer hints, or if the level design wasn't built to offer misleading soutions, I'd reccommend it. in it's current form: I only say watch it for its story."
76561198084894878,Recommended,230820,15715142,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,oatmealmoustache,"This is Daedalic's true masterpiece and it could possibly be the best p&c adventure game ever made. I can't recommend it highly enough.It gets the atmosphere perfectly... the game's world is absolutely beautiful and the characters are quirky and interesting. The themes are deep and though there is a bittersweet and nostalgic feeling to it in certain ways, the game is fun and lighthearted and it will quickly draw you in to its enchanted world. I only wish more games were this thoughtful and incredibly well done."
76561198111826314,Recommended,230820,13795051,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mondae Sundae,"The Night of the Rabbit is phenomenal. A great story, beautiful music, hand drawn art and clever puzzles, and it all works together perfectly. A near perfect point-and-click adventure experience.Lets start with the music. The first thing you hear when you start the game is a melodious theme that can only be described as the game in music form. It is near indescribable how perfect the main theme is. The rest of the music is also amazing, enhancing the atmosphere of the game, deepening the emotion of various scenes.The hand drawn art is beautiful, has a unique style, and is a perfect medium in which to tell the story of Jerry and his journey into the realm of magic. Visually, the game is very pretty to look at, but it's the attention to detail that truly brings this fantasy realm to life. In addition, the transition from cut-scene to game is near seamless. You almost can't tell you're watching a video.The story is just as mystery filled as you'd expect from a journey into the realm of magic. The intro does a great job of setting the tone of the story, and it carries all the way to the end. Jerry's story is told near perfect, the conclusion of his story is satisfying. But the end is so open, with so many questions remaining, so much left to explore. So many avenues for further adventure. I really hope this game gets a sequel. It truly deserves one, crafted with the same love and dedication.Like all point-and-click adventures, the gameplay is as you would expect. You use the mouse to interact with the environment, the people and objects within. The items you collect are then used to solve a variety of clever puzzles throughout the game. Many of the puzzles are crafty, and even though you can see the solution, there's always another clever obstacle to overcome. The puzzles are very seamless in execution.You can observe all the objects you can interact with by clicking on a magic coin in the inventory (a clever means of integrating a gameplay element into the story). This is a brilliant addition to point-and-click adventure gameplay as it's sometimes easy to miss key items lying around. The only downside is that the coin only shows the interactive elements for a moment, too short to take in everything. You can continuously observe the interactive objects by holding the shortcut key (holding spacebar), but it would have been nice to have the mouse implementation be given some better functionality.There is also a minor bug where you sometimes can't open the inventory by clicking on the backpack. There were only two points in the game where I observed this. The first was after exiting the boat, but going to the title menu and then returning to the game fixes this. The second one is more annoying. At the outpost in the frozen land (and only at this screen), the only way to access the inventory is via the inventory shortcut (pressing I). The mousewheel method of accessing the inventory may still work, but I never used it so I can't say. The bug is a minor annoyance, and to be fair, it's the only bug I encountered throughout the game.The Night of the Rabbit is exceptional. I recommend it to any fan of the adventure genre."
,Recommended,230820,7749451,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,brunobrcard,"I bougth this game because I like Deadalic point and click games however I have mixed feelings about it. The graphics are good, the hero is enjoyable but there is a lot of backtracking required. In the end I would recommend it if you are a fan of the genre or of the games created by Deadalic. If you are not, maybe it is best to look elsewhere. Good game but not the best in the crop."
,Recommended,230820,8355619,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bombadil,"There's a lot to say about this game. There's so much about it that I loved, and though it has its flaws, I think the pros far outweigh the cons.First and foremost, the real pleasure of this game is in exploring the world. Its environment and ambiance are fantastic. The art style, the many yet small world-building details, the sense of history and mythology, and the characters populating Mousewood all give layers upon layers to this world. And that's just the area in and around Mousewood--as the plot progresses, more worlds are opened to the main character, Jerry, and though they're less detailed than the ""home world"" of Mousewood, they're each interesting and beautiful in their own ways. They all contribute to the overall environment. I was definitely immersed.Secondly, the story. (I won't give an overview of the basic plot, because the previews and official overview tell you everything you need to know on that front.) In the early stages of the game, I wasn't sure if the central plot would really solidify, and that might be one of the game's flaws--the main plot takes some time to launch. In the beginning of the game Jerry spends most of his time helping the inhabitants of Mousewood in small ways. The purpose is obviously to familiarize the player with Mousewood and with all the characters, and in that sense it did contribute to the world-building; however, it did feel a bit slow in places. When hints of the central plot did show through, they seemed a bit disjointed, all vaguely connected but with no discernible purpose or relationship. It was almost like soup that wouldn't thicken, and it did distract me at times. However, as I got farther into the game (especially at about the halfway point), the hints started coming together. The soup thickened. And the further I played, the more I found the story to be multilayered and imaginative. The final scenes of the game really click everything into place. The end made me want to immediately replay the game so I could more fully appreciate all the hints dropped in the beginning.I'm not sure if this is a pro or con, but the puzzles were largely unremarkable. There were a few stand out puzzles I enjoyed, but for the most part they were pretty obvious.The real flaws of the game, in my opinion, are more mechanical than substantive. The voice acting is often overwhelmed by the music/ambient noises in the game (bird calls, wind, bug noises, etc.). I'm not really sure what the problem is, if it's particular to my computer or to the game's software (I think it's probably the latter), but in many scenes I could just barely hear the voices with my speaker volume turned almost all the way up--which is a shame, because I liked the voice acting that I could actually hear. Sometimes there are strangely-placed, longish pauses in dialogue that feel awkward and make scenes drag. And though I do love the art, the moving animation can be a bit stilted.Whether or not you buy the game depends on the experience you're looking for. If you want something fast-paced and high-action, I would pass. If you're looking for a fun, detailed world with colorful characters, and you have the patience to wait until the very end of the game to understand the full complexity of the plot, then I would highly recommend The Night of the Rabbit."
,Recommended,230820,16396892,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Soulless,"One of the best games that I've ever played when I first started my steam account. This game was what got me in love with story-based games for its beautiful storyline about a boy and a rabbit. It's graphics, music and even voice acting was pretty well done, and the storyline was really straightforward. It contained puzzles that you'll have to solve, it's not that hard and pretty simple for a nuthead like me to play (although I have to admit to looking up the guide list).Even completing the story I had to replay a secondtime only because it was really amazing and I wanted to collect the 'Bonus' storylines as it felt like an 'afterstory' to The Night Of The Rabbit. Until now I still feel like replaying it again just to see the storyline. Really worth my $20 I could say, never regretted it at all."
,Recommended,230820,32507564,Posted: 17 June,all,Harris Octavius,"This game starts off in a very casual fashion, it illustrates a world of a boyhood adventure and instantly throws the magic. The puzzles are nothing compared to Professor Layton, but none the less most are quite engaging. In addition to that the plot plays a strong part in these puzzles and if you haven't been paying attention you will miss out on critical elements of the solution. There are a few moments in this game where I found myself completely lost for any kind of direction, perhaps because I played it in small sessions. Regardsless, a guide might well be called for and I think the developers anticipated the player's access to the internet, so they could tell a story rather than make a mechanically perfect game. The plot itself is lovely and quite imaginative, it really manages to spark the inner twelve-year-old. That said due to the game's short duration and proportionally long build-up to the climax at the very end most if not all the characters recieve an amount of depth that is just short of truely satisfying. I find the level of detail revealed during the final reveal to be a bit lacking, fleshing out the characters with just a few more sentences would have completed the spark of childhood fantasy. Instead the characters fall a bit flat where they really shouldn't, the same goes for the names. I perfectly understand if not all names are all that imaginative, but the density of imaginative names is just the tiniest bit off, especially considering that all the shops have properly fleshed-out names. Blue juice really ought to have had a proper brand name, even if the colloquialism would be blue juice.In short if you want a boyhood adventure game this ought to suit you very well, don't hesitate to use a guide where it is called for and enjoy."
,Recommended,230820,5579101,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Zangorwarrior,"With the Deponia series up to a trilogy, Daedalic Entertainment brings you another one of their line-up of games that attempts to try and restore the nostalgia of the early point-and-click games from the 90's. That game is ""The Night of the Rabbit"", alternatively called ""The Rabbit's Apprentice"".Although the title is not a major problem of the entire game (considering how most of the game is focused on a young 12-year-old boy named ""Jerry Hazelnut""), it's harmless enough.In my opinion, this game feels ENCHANTING to play through. From the moment you start playing it from the moment it concludes. It's exactly how I feel a magical adventure needs to be driven. Obviously, I haven't played the Deponia series yet, so I wouldn't be familiar with the gaming elements that Daedalic Entertainment incoporates in their line-up of game titles.The story has a couple of pacing issues here because of the puzzles but even that dosen't deter that the puzzles are creative and thought-provoking (not to a brain-aching degree). The puzzles in this game were logical and that makes it much more prouder. But when the story picks up, it's usually around 6 hours into the game. Turning from a light-hearted beginning to a dark twisting turn towards the end. The story is deep, complex and revolves around the dark side of Mousewood. Many people might find this to be a derivative story, as Harry Potter had this kind of plot also but while I find it not the best story a game has to offer, it's enough to make a game to support it.The HD-graphics provided in the game are lush, clear, vibrant and sometimes colourful and really blends in with the tone of the story. Throughout most of the game, I took most of the magical setting of Mousewood and wanted Daedalic to expand more on the mythology of Mousewood as my interest is high.The music is absolutely WONDERFUL and it matches the music quality of Rayman Origins as my favourite video game soundtracks of my past gaming experience. Throughout the soundtrack, it follows one leitmotif and is heard in a couple of variations throughout each track and if you recognize that leitmotif, you'll know the whole game. Tilo Alpermann has done a great job of captivating the story of the game and transpired it into music.The characters are also well done, too. Each character I interact with has their moment on the screen. There is no comic reliefs, no over-the-top characters and DEFINETLY NO LOVE INTERESTS. The characters here are subtle and help add more to the story, development to the main characters and more to the history and setting of Mousewood.However... the voicework is a bit off. Most of the time, the acting ranges from ""not even trying"" to ""I'm REALLY trying"" and yet comes off as a first read of the script, with Jerry becoming the weakest.The sound mixing is inconsistent. For example, I had my music volume to 50 and my voice volume to 100 and yet I STILL cannot hear a word they were saying half the time. But a subtitles overlay option available resolves the issue.The dialogue was OK, but sometimes, the dialogue in the game can be a bit repetitive, as if they were trying to help pad the length of a point-and-click game. Repeated lines like a laugh, a ""Bah!"", or even ""mumbles"", ""whispers"", croaks"" & ""snores"" really makes me want to skip that portion of the dialogue. Sometimes, the characters in the game tend to slow down the speed of their dialogue to an absolute snail's pace.There were also a couple of bugs and glitches I spotted during the 3rd act of the game and that almost ruined the game's experience for me as it lags, stutters and just stops, and I had my computer down to the lowest settings.Oh, and the ""Quartets"" mini-game is the worst mini-game I have EVER played. The reason being is that the card game is like ""Go Fish"" and the opponent ALWAYS KNOWS WHAT CARD YOU HAVE!If you are a huge point-and-click fan, BUY THIS GAME. If you like being challenged with thought-provoking puzzles, BUY THIS GAME. It's one of those point-and-click games that wants to be explored and will be with you forever.7/10"
,Recommended,230820,18430194,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TitanAquaGirl,"It's pne of those games that you think about long after you finish it. Has a very well thought out story, fun mini-game, and genuinely challenging puzzles.And the characters and humor were so charming as well!Also caters very well to players by allowing you to skip dialogue and provioding fast travel options either by double-clicking or witha nother option that reveals itself later in the game."
,Recommended,230820,19549994,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NaN,"Great game. So far that's my favorite Daedalic quest, only downside of this game is a fact that it doesn't last forever."
,Recommended,230820,4119243,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Warrior,"All in all, Night of the Rabbit is an extremely enjoyable game, one certainly that most adventure game enthusiasts will have a fun time with."
76561198016081301,Recommended,230820,12995168,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"John ""超高校級のマジシャン""","Created by Daedalic Entertainment, this is the actually the first click and adventure game I have played from them and it appears that this game doesn't receive quite a lot of attention as the other more popular series (Deponia, Edna & Harvery, etc.) but The Night Of The Rabbit stands nicely  and here are my thoughts on it:(Edited 19th November 2014)1.) Graphics (9/10)Ah, this section is where the game truly shines. The background environment is really beatiful with a mystical charm to it and almost every parts of the game are interesting to view. No doubt that they have heavily emphasize on the artwork that compels you to explore further into the world of anthromorphic inhabited world of Mousewood.As for the characters, they are drawn in 2D graphics which works well for the beautiful background and simple to look at them. Quite a large amount of characters in here and most are based on animals.Despite all that, they are some minor problems I have seen in this game, in a sense with the dialogues that appear on screen does not match with the voice acting. However, it isn't really bad enough to ruin the experience.2.) GamePlay (7/10)As for this part, it is a simply, straight to the point clicking around until you make progress story wise game. It is a nice of them to include in a short tutorial on the controls and it was done in a fun way. As you continue on, you are required to solve many puzzles along the way, which requires you to combine items and using them. There are also  some puzzles which requires to be done in a certain order that would only work. No doubt that some puzzles can be challenging and you have to think hard in order to solve it.Unfortuntely, some puzzles can become cumbersome, back tracking involved routine and rather vague, despite the fact that you can refer to your journal which sadly offered only minimal help. There were a few several times when I got stuck completely  and had no choice but to end up relying on a guide by other players, which I have to admit this is a bit disappointing and it may cause some players to shy away. All in all, the puzzle part could have use more thought and polishing to it by the creators but still the job is done well enough for an indie game.3.) Sound / Voice Acting / Music (8.5/10)Oh boy this is another part where the game shines too, whereby most of all the characters (Except for a few particular residents of Mousewood) had their own voice acting that fits their personalities and appearance very well. From the main character to the most minor characters, it is nice to talk to them and listen to their various quirky and serious dialogues altogether.The music is really good too, even the main menu for a simple click adventure game can sound really mysterious when paused. Every parts of the game had their own distinct music and in my opinion it fits well on every mood.However, the most annoying part of the game is that during the process of solving a puzzle and if you made a mistake, you are forced to listen many of the same lines over and over again but thankfully this can be easily mitigated by simply skipping with clicks of the mouse.4.) Story (7/10)The main part of the game, hmm to be honest I have mixed feelings about it. You play as a young boy by the name Jeremiah Hazelnut or simply called Jerry, a very tenacious and curious boy who would one day strive to become a famous magician. He is currently on a summer holiday which will end in two days and so Jerry decides to spend his two remanining days looking for adventures in an innocent child perspective right nearby the comfort of his home that lies at the edge of the town in a forest. As time passes, a strange mysterious letter appeared inside his mailbox and in it contains an magical incantation and an invitation for him to come over into the world of Mousewood.Jerry then gladly follows the instructions on the paper and with that it summons a very strange yet interesting character which happens to be an anthromorphic white rabbit namely Marquis De Hoto. The marquis turns out to be a magician and also a TreeWalker, who is capable of traversing through various portals found at certain places only and their main job is to help its inhabitants,  protect and restore the balance of many worlds. Being a naive minded yet excited typical of a boy, Jerry agrees to be his apprentice in order to become a great magician and from there the story continues.The first part of the game starts off pretty slow but as the game moves on we start to dwelve deeper into the mysteries of Mouseworld and other worlds that Jerry will visit in his quest, which picks up the story. But sadly, towards the last part of the game feels kind of rushed, sloppy and the ending, in my opinion was a bit lacking in its punch and left a few things unanswered. I'm not sure if this was intended by the creators to open for a sequel which I hope it may bring a closure to it.There is also the bonus content if you purchase the premium version of the game, it brings some stories which sets in the same universe of Mouseworld that you can see and unlocks along the way in your game play which brings a bit more content of the gameConclusion (8/10)In short, The Night Of The Rabbit excels in its Graphics and Audio department but slightly spoiled by certain tough puzzles and the lack of proper conclusion to the story as well as the quality dropping towards the end. Still, it makes for a good experience and I am certainly looking forward to seeing  a sequel being made for this game."
76561198035807364,Recommended,230820,8466705,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,nightbug_12,"This game, glitchy as it was prior to the patch, is sweet, and charming, and surprisingly immersive.  It is easy in adventure games to feel like your are just playing a fill-in-the-blank game that sucks up time but doesn't give much back.  But there is a truly emotional story here about friendship, environmental stewardship, and most importantly, redemption.  The music is excellent, and the characters memorable.  I was no fan of Deponia, because I disliked the characters, the heavy-handed message, and the cheap humour - Night of the Rabbit is quite the opposite: subtle and sweet.  I highly recommend it, even if you don't usually play adventure games - the story itself is well worth it."
76561197984194815,Recommended,230820,20621884,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,nonb3ing,"One of those rare titles that get better and better as the game progresses, ending with a beautiful, spectacular, satisfying conclusion.Only a few gripes - Jerry walks too slowly and though you can double-click to different screens, sometimes you just have to watch him slowly trudge along from one part of the screen to another. Also, the game takes a while to really get going, and this could put some people off (it almost did that to me). Some of the cool spells acquired later have great potential, but are usable in just very few situations - some just have one or two uses in all - which is a bit disappointing. Feels like they ran out of time to flesh some things out like those later spells.Otherwise I strongly recommend The Night of The Rabbit, especially for fans of adventure/point-and-click games. Great story, lots of fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,230820,34652836,Posted: 31 August,all,桃味,"Harry Potter defeated his formidable antagonist, Lord Voldemort, and saved the world at the age of seventeen. Jeremiah Hazelnut defeated his formidable antagonist, Zaroff, and saved the world at the age of twelve.Well, now I know why no letter-carrying owls nor magicians looking for apprentices had ever visited my house.Okay, let’s be serious. Overall, The Night of the Rabbit is a very charming game that I have certainly had fun playing. It may seem to be a mundane game that teems with trite ideas at first glance: On a fine summer day, a little boy named Jeremiah Hazelnut, who desperately wishes to be a magician, is offered a chance by a mystical creature to make his dream come true. So he sets off on an adventure in another world to learn magic. Along his way, he encounters and befriends many other intriguing creatures. As he helps them resolve their problems and run their errands, his affection for this fascinating world and its residents grows. This affection, together with the discovery later on that his own world is, too, falling apart from the threat posed by the evil illusionist, Zaroff, turns into a will to challenge evil and make things right. In the end, he successfully saves the world and is eventually able to return home to his loving parents and a hearty dinner.Yes, this game doesn't have an amazing plot, but it is the way the story is told that makes it enjoyable.The start of the story is rather fairy-tale-like, giving rise to a somewhat childish tone – Similar to how in every fairy tale, no prince has ever asked why he has to save a princess, and no child has ever wondered why he must go on an adventure, you are not given any explanation as to why you should do what the game expects you to do. Let me elaborate. In the beginning of The Night of the Rabbit, Jerry receives a flying letter, so Jerry, without asking why, follows the instructions on the letter and summons a magical bunny. Then the bunny, who claims to be a magician, tells Jerry that there are so many things he needs to learn if he wants to be a magician, without explaining why Jerry has been chosen and why he is willing to help Jerry become a magician, and that they better hurry up. Then Jerry, without asking any questions, says “Ok” and together, they travel to another world. I know this may deter some players from continuing it. But trust me, after you get through this part, the story will only become more captivating. Plus, I was rather surprised to find out that these questions were answered in the end. A thumbs up to the developers for being scrupulous about this. :)Now, let’s move on to the puzzles. Oh I really loved them. They are challenging but super fun to solve. Since there is a direct reference to Grim Fandango in The Night of the Rabbit and I had recently completed Grim Fandango, please allow me to make comparisons between these two. Generally, the puzzles in The Night of the Rabbit are a lot more player-friendly and logical to me compared to those in Grim Fandango. (Don't get me wrong, I love Grim Fandango.) Yes, some of the puzzles are obtuse, but most of them are good. I don’t want to sound like a know-it-all, but if you are stuck, checking your journal and giving yourself some time to stare at your inventory may help. Some puzzles may not be as hard as you think. Thinking out of the box is key.However, the not-so-good aspects of this game are evident too. As much as possible, this game attempts to encompass a wide range of themes, such as friendship, courage, hope, love, and acceptance. But as I felt that the developers could have expanded their points further, I was generally unimpressed, at times even annoyed when their points sounded too pretentious.Speaking of being pretentious, I still haven’t figured out why this game is called The Night of the Rabbit, and what Marquis means by that “Nothing is impossible” at the very end of the game. It feels like an awkward reference to what he has said in the beginning, but it’s so unnatural to say that under that circumstance.Moreover, the ending of this game felt rushed, and it was clear that the developers weren’t planning their story so carefully anymore. Throughout the 11 hours I’ve spent on this game, I only genuinely enjoyed the first nine hours of it.Besides all that, this game is still a lovely one that tells a story of bright imaginations, and is definitely worth a look if you are a fan of fairy tales and puzzle games."
,Recommended,230820,13314890,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Dimm Nogal,"I must admit I found this game during Black Friday, as a simple coincidence, and at first I thought it was going to be a simply point and click. How wrong I was.This game is AMAZING: the art, the music, the story (so far, because it seems I still have quite a lot to do), the characters design, the backgrounds, everything makes a whole that's just a wonderful piece of art for the eyes.I must admit sometimes the game kind of expects a bit too much from the player to think by himself/herself, by not giving enough clues of what to do, but even with that you can keep going on.Sometimes you have to use the imagination to progress, and I enjoy that a lot.It also gives you hints about what's really going on, but it never lets you know everything before the correct time, which makes you come back for more.It's like reading a book and playing a game at the same time, and those two things are two of my most favourite hobbies.What else can I say? I wish I could have found it before."
,Not Recommended,230820,15821900,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The Phantom Prince,"Okay...spoiler alert, first off. (Spoilers will be noted throughout the review.)+BEAUTIFUL music. All of the music fit wonderfully with each and every scene.+Lovable characters. Every little creature in Mousewood (save one or two) caught my attention and made me love them almost immediately. They're freaking adorable.+Voice acting. The voice acting was great. A little bit awkward in a couple places, but fun nonetheless.+The graphics are lovely. They usually have a good deal of color to them and can set a scene very well.+The mini-game, Quartets. This, I can say without a doubt, was a fun little game. I loved it. The point of the game is to...well, it's like go-fish, only instead of getting a pair of two cards, the goal is to get all four cards of a suit and make a quartet. Whoever has the most quartets by the end wins, and you can play with ALMOST everyone in Mousewood. I genuinely enjoyed the mini game.+/- Story. Story was...meh. The story was very...grindy up until the middle where The plot finally came into play. The only thing that kept me interested that long was my love for a couple of the characters. Even towards the end of the story (SPOILER), it got so bland and many of the questions posed in the game were not answered properly. There was so much more that could have been done with it. (Jerry's dad? Anyone know that guy? Who is he again?)-Puzzles. Puzzles puzzles, those freaking puzzles! I cannot even begin to explain my frustration with those puzzles. Several times I rage quit because they just made no sense to me at all. I put the game down for a week or so on several occasions, and then came back, only to have to resort to a walkthrough, Honestly, the puzzles are what spawned my dislike of this game. It's all either trial and error (and error and error and error) or go find a walkthrough. Most of the puzzles make little to no sense at all, and the hints given to you are obscure. You're given a spell called ""Advice Seeker"" and more often than not it doesn't give you any suitable hints on what to do to actually progress in the story. So for a good long while I was wandering around, wondering what on earth I'm supposed to be doing. When I found out ""hey, this guy needs some ____!"" and actually got him some _____ he wouldn't take it. Why? Because he's picky.-Dialogue (when using items and such). BECAUSE there's so much trial and error to this game, there's going to be a lot of your character telling you that's not how this item should be used. But...could they at least do it in a less annoying way? The reason I hated the trial and error because Jerry's response (over and over again) was always (the same thing every time you used a certain item) something along the lines of ""Mmm...I don't think so."" or ""That doesn't go there!"" or ""That doesn't need any special spice."" (yes. yes that's a thing.) It gets tedious. And annoying. Very quickly.+/-The Audiobooks. Throughout the game, you will come across a fascinating character. In fact, you meet him in the very first scene. The Wood Sprite. He's a great guy. He loves telling stories. Later in the game, he'll give you stories which are saved in your bonus collection as audio books! Ain't he swell? Yeah, well...that's all fine and dandy, but the audio books are (I don't know what else I expected them to be) quite long for my taste. Especially when I'm trying to rage through puzzles. The books are somewhere between 8 and 15 minutes long (though I've only listened to two) and a bit monotonous. I actually dozed off a bit during the first one. (However, I was in a dimly lit room at the time.) So...they're cute, but long. And they take a bit away from the immersion (if you ever manage to gain any) in the story.+/-The ending (obvious SPOILER here). Gods. I don't know what to say about that freaking ending. It was just so...anticlimatic that if it wasn't for the explanation of the past of my favorite character in the game (Marquis de Hoto/the rabbit) and why he was having his troubles throughout the story, I would have downright put the ending into the negative section of this review. The last puzzles were fairly simple compared to the rest of the game which made me rage a bit, given how...boring the results of the puzzles actually were. The actions of Jerry (the main character) during the last few scenes were not even remotely impressive. You would think if you spent all that time learning about the inhabitants of Mousewood and all those spells you would at least be able to use them in a SLIGHTLY impressive manner. But no. Not Jerry. The final battle was downright upsetting, as well. It was...one hundred percent different from anything else done in the rest of the game. Okay, maybe not one hundred. Maybe like ninety-five percent. Everything about the ending was just...bland and altogether anticlimatic and IT LEAVES SO MUCH UNTOLD. SO. MUCH.All in all...no, I would not recommend this game, at least not at full price. Maybe at like...75% off, but not full price. It left me so disappointed. The only thing that raised my opinion of it at the very end was the Marquis. No, I would NOT play a sequel to this if one ever came out, not unless they severely dumb down the puzzles. Or at least make them reasonable."
76561198070245960,Recommended,230820,32766433,Posted: 25 June,all,Mesut Komiser,This is a really good old school click and point adventure game. With it's amazingly beautiful illustrations and wonderful musics it creates an atmosphere which you can only indulge yourself in such masterpieces as Monkey Island. Also it has an original storyline. I recommend it without hesitation and expect to see likes of this from the producers.
,Recommended,230820,32862184,Posted: 27 June,all,Zahl - Kanji - Haxzl,"This is a wonderful and beauitful point-and-click game. Though it seems to look like a children's game, it's very difficult and rewarding when you finally figure out a puzzle. I highly recommend this to fans of the point-and-click adventure genre but if you're unfamiliar with it, I would say you're better off starting somewhere a little simpler."
76561198025752988,Recommended,230820,32304964,Posted: 9 June,all,karemagic,"Night of the Rabbit captures that wonderful summertime adventure you'd read about as a kid. During the last few days of summer, a young boy is whisked away into a magical world and becomes the apprentice of a Rabbit Magician.The games has an endearing story, and some complicated puzzles (though perhaps not Monkey Island complicated). OVer all I was very satisfied with the whole package, and wish there were some other games set in this world. If it goes on sale for under $10, picke it up--you won't regret it."
76561198040226645,Recommended,230820,8286329,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,VersatileFaerie,"This game has a wonderful story line and is fun to play. The game makes you think about things in ways you might not expect to solve the different problems you need to solve for the people you help. For me the audio book stories you can collect are a bonus and I love to sit and listen to them, I only wish there was a way I could buy them separate from the game since I already have the game and sadly didn't get the premium edition. While I felt the vioce acting was good, I do agree with my husband that it won't compare to voice acting you hear in many main stream games, though I think it is amazing for the low price this game is.I truly hope that they make a second game to this so I can learn more about the Treewalkers and the lovely animals of Mousewood."
,Recommended,230820,7945318,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Allyson~,"this game is absolutely amazing, i was so bummed when the game ended, please make a sequal!~"
,Recommended,230820,13308723,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Zuluf,"Taking cues from LucasArts' reign as top dog of the point-and-click adventure genre, Daedalic Entertainment seems to get better and better at creating worlds and stories that stand tall on their own, despite being inspired by classic tales we all know, and most of us love. If I were to describe Night of the Rabbit as X meets Y, I would say it's half Alice in Wonderland, half Wind in the Willows, which basically makes it a children-oriented fairy tale with furries and outlandish characters demonstrating thinly veiled moral points. Join Jeremiah Hazelnut in a quest to become a magician while also learning the importance of staying level-headed against adversity. Most of the game takes place in and around Mousewood, a pitoresque society of assorted small animals, and while at times the story turns a bit campy and preachy, it is, for the most part, an enchanting journey for children of all ages. In terms of quality and production value, the hand-drawn style fits the setting perfectly, the voice acting and music are more than adequate and the rich content (achievements, collectibles, side stories and a Go Fish-type card game) adds a layer of pixel-hunting to the otherwise simple puzzles. Although I detect a certain oscillation in the writing and animation quality (at times, tNotR feels more like an homage to LucasArts than a spiritual successor), I would definitely recommend this to anyone with a weak spot for fairy tales and puzzle solving, perhaps doubly so as an introduction game to the genre.BUY IT if you:-Are a child, either literally or at heart, and would rather curl up with an A.A. Milne book in front of a fireplace than join a gang and wack pigs in South Central.-Enjoy lightweight adventure games and intuitive inventory puzzles.-Are a fan of Daedalic Entertainment and the highly derivative but otherwise funny and enjoyable Deponia series.DO NOT BUY IT if you:-Want mature content in your entertainment or expect any kind of deep or complicated plotline to keep your juices flowing.-Are a hardcore point-and-click adventure fan and are sick of all those ""combine tuft of hair with stick to obtain brush and then use on an obvious brush-lacking trigger prop"" newbie puzzles.-Find the ten or so hours of raw gameplay unsatisfactory for whatever price it is at the time of purchase."
76561197993495947,Recommended,230820,21845801,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Himax,"I am... Genuinely impressed.Normally point-and-click adventure games tend to either be bland, or only hold their draw for a short time and a single playthrough.This one is incredibly deep.What starts as an almost stereotypical childish adventure slowly gains layers of complexity, without losing any of the charm that a childish adventure can have.The gameplay, however, possesses all the flaws of any Point-and-click game. Though this one does indeed try some interesting changes to the formula.Virtually every point-and-click adventure game that requires you to combine collected items to solve puzzles becomes an infuriating quagmire; unless you happen to find the exact combination, in the exact order, that the Developers designed, you cannot progress--regardless of whether or not your idea could work.Add to that the fact that you almost need to be able to read the Developers minds in order to solve many of them, and the game quickly becomes a matter of alternating between pulling teeth and finding a needle in a haystack.Still, the plot alone can carry you through the whole game. There are a surprising amount of subtle and charming jokes, which are delivered quite well (If the main character cannot manage to find his success, he can always fall back on becoming a highly-skilled plumber with a charming Italian accent. And we all know how successful those can be).You have to use a walkthrough to be able to really enjoy the game; which is the strongest mark against it.But this game is deffintely worth it's cost.The ending in particular is incredibly satisfying, and leaves just enough open ends to tease any number of sequels.I greatly hope to see some, some day."
,Recommended,230820,23003595,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,<sneaky beeping>,"the game is beautiful, the characters are great, they actually felt like real friends"
,Recommended,230820,10580273,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kagemara,"Definitely recommended for all point and click fans. The art is beautiful, the voices are wonderfuly done. A truly magical adventure. Love it."
,Recommended,230820,20116951,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"I seldom play point n' clicks, but I must say that Daedalic are a force to be reckoned with in the genre. I'd recently played the entire Deponia series and had an absolute blast with it, so afterwards I simply had to seek out their other titles. The Night of the Rabbit was my first choice, and I do not regret it one bit.This game was a wonderful experience. It has a very whimsical and sometimes touching story with a colorful cast of characters with great voice acting, a gorgeous art style that reminded me of Child of Light and Over the Garden Wall, and a fantastic musical score. For a point n' click it also never went into frustratingly difficult territory in regards to the puzzles and solutions. Also, the Quartets card minigame I found shockingly addictive.If you're a fan of point n' clicks, it's a no-brainer that you will enjoy this title. Also if you've never played point n' clicks before, I'd say this game would be the perfect introduction."
,Recommended,230820,21769875,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,shay,"I love 'The Night of the Rabbit'. I tend to gravitate towards the dark, horror sort of games, but I adore anything anthropomorphic. This is also in a deeply discounted bundle of games, so I thought, why not? Even if all the other games are awful, this game made my puchase worth it.The art is fantastic, reminiscent of a leatherbound fairytale book. While playing, I often found myself admiring the details of the enviroment and characters. The characters are loveable and intriguing. The voice acting is superb. I really feel like a lot of care was taken while choosing a voice for each character. I think the dialogue is a bit repetitive at times, but it is just a click (""One click - everything's just one click!"")  to hurry past the more monotonous parts. But the story... What an entertaining, interesting, heartbreaking, endearing, fun. thought-provoking story. (And the bonus stories!! So well-written!!) Set to a pleasing soundtrack, 'The Night of the Rabbit' is quite lovely.With all that being said, there are a few scenes in the game where it seems like the character faces don't really match the situation, and it kind of lessened the immersive experience for me. A character receives serious information while smiling... Another says a tearful goodbye with a face of contentment. The voice acting swoops in to save the day, though, and it isn't anything that ruins the game. Also, some of the puzzles are quite difficult, with little to no direction of what to do next. This leads to either a LOT of guessing and misdirection, or the use of a walkthrough. But, this also leads to a strong sense of satisfaction when a puzzle is solved.Overall, 'The Night of the Rabbit' is a stunning game, with a story I hope to see continued. I would absolutely love to meet these characters again. Thank you, Matthias Kempke!"
76561198310540345,Recommended,230820,34075023,Posted: 6 August,all,batfinx,"Beautiful click and point puzzle game similar to Monkey Island Series. I grew impatient at the beginning of the game as it was very slow to get going - it spent a lot of time explaining itself which makes me think it is aimed at a young inexperienced audience. Once the first half hour was out of the way I started to enjoy the game. It's not very difficult for those experienced in the genre of 'think outside the box puzzles' but I can imagine that if you are new to this style of game you will find yourself resisting the urge to read a walkthrough at times. It's a nice game with heavy emphasis on the storytelling.My only big critizism is that when characters talk it takes waaaay to long. Conversations were painfully slow sometimes - I ended up turning the script back on so I could read the conversations and skip through the talking. Also if you have exhausted all the conversation possibilities with a character and you accidently click on them, you end up going through a big loop of conversation again before you can move on - for the love of god, don't click on churchmouse Sn unless you have to lol. You can click through the loop fast though so it's not the end of the world, just irritating at times.Would I play a sequel? Probably not, but I would buy it for my  8 year old neice."
,Recommended,230820,18777672,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BlueBunny96,I absolutely LOVE this game. I am completely sucked in what a wonderful story line. The only thing I would say the game lacks is some sort of a hint system. You wander for hours and hours at times trying to figure out what to do. There are so many things to click and the map just gets bigger and bigger its very difficult to play without a sort of hint system.
76561198073317349,Recommended,230820,13061104,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sin Arcain,"Just last night I finished the game and I am looking forward to a sequel. Before my review I would like to note that this was my third point and click adventure game (all from Daedlic) so I am not particularly experienced on this field.Story:In my opinion the strongest point of the game. As the description says we follow the adventure of a young boy whose dream is to become a magician. On a summer vacation anything is possible! It sounds like and starts out as a light-hearted fairytale with talking woodland animals. (It reminds me a bit to The Whispered World.) However, even the starting cinematic hints that there are more to it. The story picks up slowly as Jerry, on his training to be a Treewalker, first just do all kind of chores for the locals, which took about half of my game time. But the subtle referances that things weren't as they looked kept me going. There are a couple of threats looming over Mousewood, the home of the woodland critters, some more immediate and more apparent, some not. The initial innocent tale about talking critters expands into a complex one with harsher elements. I find the plot intriguing and creative. It has more than one layer and gives a couple of twists in the second half of the game. We get answers to some of the mysteries, but at the same time more questions arises. There remain some loose ends hanging, that makes me hope there will be a sequel.Gameplay:There is only one click option, and the game decides whether you look, talk to, pick up, etc your target. Jerry's adventures centers around a place called Mousewood and its close surrounding. He needs to visit same places over and over again, but some other, smaller areas open up briefly too. The game lacks a bit on exploration-wise in my opinion. There are riddles, hidden objects and lots of item combinations. Unfortunately I found myself often opening a guide because my logic works differently than Daedlic’s. During his training, Jerry learns some useful spells. With the help of them some previously inaccessable places open up or he can interact with objects in new ways, which sometimes help solving puzzles or give extra flavour to the game. After a while day and night cycles are introduced too which, again, alters how and where we can interact with objects and people. There are collectible items too, built in, simple card game (the pictures on the card you collect too) and audio books as bonuses. I think these are good, refreshing ideas which brings the game above average. Unfortunately the puzzles I don’t find particularly interesting unlike the ones in The Whispered World.Characters, voice acting and dialogues:Jerry’s behavior is belivable and suitable to a 12 year old child: how he impresses himself when he manages something, his goodwill and slightly naive attitude to the wold, playful and adventurous. I find him a likable main hero. He meets lots of different creatures (funny ones, charming ones, witty ones, etc) and they have all well thought-out personalities. The voices are fine and matches the characters. There are a decent amount of dialogue options, and fortunately we can replay most of them or at least get a summary afterward.Music:The game isnot short on them. I really like the menu music and some of the in game ones, but there were a few which slightly annoyed me hearing it over and over again.Graphic:Charming cartoonish characters and spectacular, detailed backgrounds. I can only say good about it.Overally I think The Night of the Rabbit is worth its cost. Because of its setting it is perfect for younger audiance, but it can suit well for older players just as well due to the deeper thoughts arising later during the plot. I don’t think it is the best game when it comes to puzzles but it definitely has some nice features, and because of the story I might even replay the game to see it evolve again, now with a better understanding of what is what and who is who in real."
,Recommended,230820,8651930,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mo_Jay,"Amazing Game! totally worth the price! It's one of those games that change your outlook on things after ya beat it. Plus, when ya beat it, you'll understand the cards of Quartets and love the cards even more :D I highly recommend this game for all ages. It does have some difficult puzzles that are a pain, but they make sense later on. It's a simple point-and-click game, but the art is beautiful! Hopefully they'll have the actual card game out soon! I can't wait to teach/share this wonderful game!"
76561198002986817,Recommended,230820,21502655,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"Definitely one of the best Daedilic games out there! The only one better are Chains of Satinav and Memoria but only barely. This is a amazing story that you'll just love. What makes this better then their usual stuff is that this game has a wonderful main character. Yes, there are some green vibes to it but it doesn't overwelm it either. The story is profound, the art is beautiful, and the music is perfect. There are moments in the game that send chills down your spine and possibly even tears. Plus, this is the only Daedilic game that includes things besides the story such as its own trading card game, short stories and collectables. The ending had a twist to it and I really hope it gets a sequel. It really deserves one. An absolutely fantastic game that you must play!"
,Recommended,230820,31345085,Posted: 24 April,all,Aliy,Holy Moly I wasn't expecting an experince like that!Get this game unless you really REALLY hate Point&Click Mechanics.
,Recommended,230820,11172880,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,heleanthia,"I loved this game.. It was so charming, but not saccharine in any way and I didn't feel that it was heavy handed in any moralistic messages at all.It was so much fun being totally immersed in the world of Mousewood. The story was engrossing and pulled me in, immediately. I really thought that the voice actors for all of the characters were BRILLIANT. Kudos especially to the young fellow who did the voice of Jeremiah Hazelwood.Point and click games are my favourite and the navigation and mouse control were much appreciated; no queasiness from first person keyboard navigation!I would LOVE a sequel....RECOMMENDED!"
76561198009932028,Recommended,230820,14271154,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chrollo,Don't be fooled by the light hearted opening. The game actually has a pretty deep and interesting narrative once it gets going. However the process to get to the good bits is a bit of a drag since you will mostly be doing mindless tasks around Mousewood for the majority of the game.
76561198083731654,Recommended,230820,20027413,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ooopo123,"'The Night of the Rabbit' is a fantastic game!For those who enjoy having to think hard and outside the box, I believe this game would bring many fun filled hours!The storyline is nothing to scoff at either, points in the story you might of thought to be plot holes at one point will eventually be sewn up neatly and tied together with a nice finish. All in all the story telling, if graded, is an A+ easily in my eyes.The game, while in all is not overly long, the amount of thinking needed to actually advance will definitely stump you for a good while, that alone is enough to lengthen the game time considerably.(Also, it doesn't hurt that there are achievements. Being a completionist myself, I think you'll have a lot of fun trying to get them all!)"
76561198027102439,Recommended,230820,20257998,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,This is actually the only game of Daedalic I genuinely loved. I am looking forward to listen to the extra stories!
,Recommended,230820,19361385,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KamiNoKaze,A sad story with lots of cute critters
76561198159991239,Recommended,230820,20255975,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,e3mc,"very good point and click game, if you like and enjoy daedalic games then you will certainly enjoy this game"
,Recommended,230820,12462912,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,chairmanw0w,"I highly recommend this game, especially if you're already into point and click adventure games. The story is awesome and the puzzles are clever. It has a nice world to explore, lovable characters, great music and graphics. It's the sort of game you can become really immersed in. I played it over a few days; it was kinda like a book you can't put down.It was hard to get into at first because the dialogue was so slow and drawn out and it seemed so innocent I thought it must be made for kids, but it's definitely not - the story is actually pretty dark, and it even has a bit of a twist ending. I didn't decide to buy it until I finished the demo. Unfortunately I had to play it from the beginning again once I bought the game. My only criticisms are the slow and wordy dialogue (which you can click through quickly or escape out of anyway), and a bit of bugginess with the cursor (there were some small objects that I didn't realise I could interact with because the point to click on was actually lower and to the right of the object).I think the puzzles could all be figured out with enough wandering around clicking on things, but it depends how long you can stand to be stuck on one puzzle. I had a walkthrough open that I used to give myself a hint if I was stuck. I just carefully scrolled down to see only the next step after the steps I had already completed. It would be great to be given clues, as I hate to ruin the experience by using a walkthrough. The journal does sometimes give you clues though.Some of the puzzles are really simple, some take more thought, and a few I don't think I would ever have thought of. However, most of the time I looked at the walkthrough I realised it was totally obvious, or I could have figured it out if I had thought about it more / tried more things / explored more.As someone already mentioned, there is a lot of pointless dialogue to sit / click through, like ""hmmmm"", laughing, grumbling, etc. but this is a minor issue. It can be irritating but doesn't really affect the enjoyment of the game. I found a lot of the dialogue and the characters amusing, so I didn't mind too much.Overall... really great game. 10/10."
76561198166512243,Recommended,230820,19796760,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,taxafree,"the best  game quest i ever played with subtle good humor and exciting story masterfully draew in pictures, also good for lingo training and practicing"
,Recommended,230820,17847251,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[PulseFire],"This game is great. It has a great atmosphere, great graphics, great voice acting and great storyline. I opened this game and immediately was absorbed into it. One of the most attention capturing adventure games I have ever played."
,Recommended,230820,34457353,Posted: 24 August,all,どくぎく,"The Night of the RabbitConceptScoreStory8/10Music6/10Graphics9/10Controls7/10Gameplay7/10I was afraid that this will be a childish game, but holy I was wrong. It starts slow and I was grumbling at Jerry self-talking. Rolled my eyes a few times, but then things are getting more interesting. I found myself immersed in the game as the story unfold. The dialogues are very interesting and contain hidden 'wisdom'. Some people might found it annoying but I love those kind of stories. The ending was quite satisfying. It does not feel rushed, just right. I have some unanswered questions but I guess they plan to create a sequel so I will wait.Same goes for gameplay. I totally underestimated this game. It may look cute and targeted for children but it is quite difficult. I tried playing without a guide and completely lost. It could be taken negatively as a lack of in-game information but I did like to see it as a challenge to imagination. There are some glitches. Sometimes you have to click several times to collect dew drops and sudden slowness when entering new area. It does not last long so nothing serious.The background music are mostly serene. It doesn't leave much impression but not disturbing either. Voice acting is very 'storybookish' and I am not complaining.Now let's talk about the graphics. It is simplybeautiful. Beautiful and detailed graphics, you can enjoy looking at them forever. Remind me so much of Legend of Mana (my favorite game of all time). Sometimes it feels like visiting European style version of Ghibli's Spirited Away. Backgrounds, character designs, and collectibles all done beautifully. I don't give a perfect score because there are a few glitches here and there, but it is almost perfect for me.Overall I would recommend this game to everyone who love a good fairy-tale story. I bought this on Armageddon Bundle sale, so I will give 10/10 value for money. I saw that they provide a demo, please please give this game a chance. | P.S: I would love to hear your thought on this game, so feel free to drop a comment."
,Recommended,230820,19373607,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ragdoll,"Oh my god, where do I start?I hardly ever like point-and-click games. I bought this one because the story and the scenarios looked really interesting but I didn't think it would be this great! The characters, the soundtrack, the puzzles, everything together built the incredible universe that this game is.The puzzles can be really tricky (or I'm just slow sometimes :P),  but in any moment they made me tired and they're not repetitive at all.I strongly recommend this game, even if it's not your style. The history is very original and it will for sure hold you until the end.Also Jeremy and Kitsune reminds me a lot of Chihiro and Haku from Spirited Away.... And I'm really addicted to the Quartet game."
,Recommended,230820,20385497,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Vixie,"It's a promising game, and the plot is... okay. It's a point-and-click adventure oriented around ""clever lateral thinking exercises"" similar to the Discworld games. Not my cup of tea, but others may enjoy it. The world is quite fanciful and the slow pace of game and dialogue makes it seem aimed at kids.So yes, not for me, but there's nothing fundamentally wrong with it. I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,230820,33836048,Posted: 27 July,all,zus.yar,"A very nice and stylish adventure presumably for younger audience.The visual side is great, puzzles are pretty easy.Storyline... well, I probably expected something more exciting.Anyway it's still enjoyable and definitely has its charm.The only downside is that for some reason it kept bugging with my save states.It restarted several times instead of (re)saving. I lost a couple of achievements thanks to that.It even restarted when I decided to quit, lol."
,Recommended,230820,12666494,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,talgaby,"Short version: 84%Night of the Rabbit is an excellent 2D adventure game with a charming storyline and setting, a memorable cast, interesting puzzles, and lots of side content. And don’t let the theme fool you: this game is as much for adults, as for children.Long version:The Night of the Rabbit is a wonderful magical fairy tale from Daedelic Entertainment, the company which really knows how to make a modern 2D adventure game.The basic premise may sound familiar: you play as Jerry Hazelnut, a 12-year-old boy, who suddenly finds himself in a magical world where he becomes a wizard-in-training with the ultimate goal of saving the Forest from the evil magician.The setting uses the same cartoonish forest inhabited by talking critters we saw in hundreds of children’s books, but this doesn’t make the game dated or old, quite the opposite. This world was crafted with lots of love and care, which is also shown in the almost three hours worth of audio books (unlockable in the game, included as additional download in the special edition). And the story won’t disappoint either… it’s fun, it’s clever, it’s charming, and more importantly, it’s perfect even for an adult.Strangely, the same goes for the puzzles, but in a wrong way. The initially harmless and easy obstacles quickly turn into desperate try-everything-with-everything scenarios. Even the plot has a few dark twists, setting a more adult tone, which may create an uncomfortable discrepancy between the first and second halves of the game.All stages feature jaw-dropping graphics and lots of detail, and the English voice cast with their charming accent fits the theme perfectly. The same cannot be said for the acting, but it’s nothing major to really worry about.Overall, it’s an excellent adventure to embark upon, whether you are young or old, so put on your wizard hat and have fun!"
76561198010709987,Recommended,230820,17884540,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PANZERGANK,"The Night of the Rabbit is a point and click adventure game with a great soundtrack and nice visual art.This is a pretty solid, likeable point and click game and I liked it so much that I decided to write  a review. But the point I want to underline is, the story of the game. At the beginning I was like, ""Ok, the looks good"" but as I proceed, I liked the story more and more. And at the end, I really felt satisfied. I mean, it really felt like a proper endind. The characters were detailed and entertaining, adding the gameplay more fun overall. The atmosphere is simply captivating.If you are an achievement hunter, some of them might be boring to obtain but compared to other games with mind-melting achievements, they dont look that frightening.At some points, outsmarting the game may be difficult because some solutions were hard to think of. But these strange solutions aren't so frequent and not so frustrating.TL DR, this game is a really good point and click game, perhaps one of the best P&C games I have ever played."
,Recommended,230820,18606914,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Klangfarben,"The Night of the Rabbit is a fun adventure with a knack for randomness and droll humour.Meaning I absolutely loved it.Starting the game, expecting another take on Alice in Wonderland, I was surprised by something completely different and an original story.The developers spent a lot of time and put a lot love into the story and its art. If you are an avid fantasy and scifi fan you will find quite a few nods - ranging from subtle hints to obvious whacks - towards those genres which I loved!I wouldn't recommend the game for kids - the look of the game might be decieving but the puzzles are quite hard and the humour might not be understood.All in all, I thouroughly enjoyed the story and its fairy tale charm which sparked with creativity. I can only recommend it, it's a wonderful game. :)"
76561198083494551,Recommended,230820,11323937,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Tingblad,"Upon finishing the game I knew I had to immediately write a review because this game is nothing short of phenomenal. It's a beautiful game that is different from any other point and click game I've played for free or otherwise. When I began to play I wasn't sure if it was worth the money, but upon completing the game I think it was well worth it. The Night of the Rabbit has such a rich vibrant story there's little more I could ask for (especially in a world littered with games that have little to no actual plot). The game art, soundtrack, and voice acting are nothing short of sensations. I cannot emphasize enough for truly awesome the story of this game was. If you're some who enjoys the plot of a game I would highly recommend this to you. This game isn't without its flaws, but now I'm just being nitpicky. I would have maybe liked a little more guidance when trying to do some of the tasks in Mouse Wood. At times it was difficult to figure of what I was trying to do, and I would have to consult a walkthrough for guidance, despite this it was still fun to solve the puzzles and complete tasks.Do you recommend this game? YES I'd recommend it to just about anyone. It is simply an over-all good game. I don't think I could have been more pleased with it. I may not play through it again anytime soon, but it now has a place in my heart, and I know, one day, I'll come back so I can go on this beautiful adventure again. I look forward to that day. Happy playing."
,Recommended,230820,17659069,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Gwinnbleidd,it's a great game!and also i really enjoy its soundtrack!
,Recommended,230820,19678914,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Amanda,A very great game created by the fabulous Daedalic Entertainment. If you get the chance to play this then do so. You won't regret it.
76561198027239685,Recommended,230820,18242621,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,arkton,"Yet another great adventure game from Daedalic. I was positively surprised by the long running time of the game and the difficulty of the puzzles - although sometimes there were missing some hints on how you can proceed. I really liked the idea of explaining all those modern adventure helper features as part of the story. The art looks fantastic.The game tells a really nice story which becomes really deep towards the end of the game, with a well executed ending.I was first reluctant to buy this game because I thought it would be too childish and too much of a fairy tale. Well, it IS a fairy tale, but a really good one, my doubts were unfounded. Got the game in a sale, and in retrospect should have bought it at full price, supporting this developer to continue making these great adventure games."
,Recommended,230820,31602151,Posted: 7 May,all,Ropes and Hopes,"One of the things that really made me want to get this game were the representative image it has and the title. It stirred something within me and made me really want to get it and play it.The story is really engaging and beautiful, filled with mysteries and wonders. Do you like magic? Well, then this game is for you. Not only does it offer spells to you and other things, but the most magical out of everything are the world, its characters, their stories and the personalities they have. You just can't restrain from loving them.The art style is absolutely beautiful, I cannot contest that. The soundtrack is second to none, I will listen to it probably once a day. Very charming and interesting. The characters are really well done and have so much personality and the mystery of everything just makes you question everything.One of the downsides of the game is the complexity of the puzzles. Sometimes you don't know what you are doing, literally. You just try out stuff and hope it works. Other times, it is easier to figure out stuff.All in all, in my opinion, a masterpiece of the Point & Click branch of the game. I'd really love to see a sequel of the game too."
,Recommended,230820,12582021,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,[Slasher],"First off: I really enjoyed this game. But there are some complaints: a glitch where the dialogue would flash through at incredible speed and you'd have to exit the scene and come back to get it at the right pace again. A couple of other glitches include not being able to complete achievements (for the LIFE of me I couldn't get the Snail sticker, clicking on it does nothing) and sometimes the game will freeze, or the mouse will disappear and I'd have to close the game and relaunch it (SAVE OFTEN).The puzzles are unfortunately not very intuitive, and the 'advice' spell is literally next to useless. To those claiming that the dialogue is too long and when you accidentally click into an interaction you'd have to click through it all again - just press Esc. This will instantly end that conversation.But overall, it was an enjoyable experience. The art is beyond reproach and really gave you that old nostalgic feeling. The characters are likable (except Humbert - I would dearly love to drop-kick him into the brook) and I thought they were mostly well developed. The story is certainly very interesting, although the environmentalist message seemed oddly shoehorned in, and the crow problem was never solved, though the townspeople claim it has been. I really like the plot twists at the end, I thought they did a pretty good job dropping hints that lead to the big reveals."
,Recommended,230820,19023018,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"The children's story of Jerry Hazelnut and the Maquis De Hoto is just ""wow""... The creativity is just amazing and it makes for such an enjoyable game... Especially with the hint of the Ninja shadow bunny planeswalker!!! So cool. Definitely a thumbs up.Note : I had to complete the game with a walkthrough. The hints were really lousy.PROS1. StorySo interesting. It's great to see all the little details in the story slowly get unravelled as the game progresses. The blurred overlap between a boy who is dreaming up his own imagination and a real fantasy world is fantastic.2. ArtworkFantastic. The details of Mousewood are so intriguing. The level of creativity is something amazing.3. SecretsDewdrops. Need I say more?4. Card GameVery cool. It's nice to know that there's another game designed within a game. It's the hallmark of the good game to have mini-games within the main game. E.g. Final Fantasy series. Do note that The Night The Rabbit is a simple game of Go Fish.5. Credit EndingNice to see that there was so much more. I won't spoilt the ending but there's a lot more to do. It's much better than the standard boring credit roll. I must admit that I didn't really pay attention to who's who in the credits though.CONS1. Frog ClickerVery tedious method of travelling. Can't you just blow on the horn to call Plato, the frog.2. SpellsNot really useful except in specific circumstances. I was hoping for the spells to interact more. E.g. Stone Whispering spell was good as you could use it on all the statues, Green Growth and Fox's Cunning were a little too limited.3. ItemsWay too limited to be used only for specific locations. It would be great to use them on non-quest objects and Jerry would tell you if it was not important.4. HintsYou need better ones."
,Recommended,230820,18898064,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Miss Witch,"Talk about a gateway drug to story-based puzzle games! This and ""Year Walk"" got me hooked on this style.Pros:-Visually interesting setting-- it's absolutely gorgeous to look at-Good gameplay-Music and sound effects were pleasant-Great story (with an ending that definitely elicited raised eyebrows from me)-More than sufficiently entertaining, keeping me coming back frequently-ChallengingCons:-The puzzles/challenges were directionless-- I often had to resort to walkthroughs to give me hints about what the heck I was supposed to do next. The walkthrough answers often left me thinking, ""What? Really? I wouldn't have guessed to do that, ever."" The logical leaps of some of the puzzles were quite literally leaps-- not an easy effort, and sometimes too far out there to be credible for me-The dialogue. Clicking through it was all right, but it dragged."
,Recommended,230820,34587848,Posted: 29 August,all,Lucky Avalon,"Not my cup of tea for a game, but the story is intriguing and the little details will keep you charmed."
76561198099845634,Recommended,230820,13173182,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,maple_chan90,"This masterpiece might be labled ""Indie,"" but you would never be able to tell.  With its beautifully realized world, breath-taking soundtrack, fun cast of characters, and brain-scratching puzzles, ""The Night of the Rabbit"" is one of the best point-and-click adventure games out there."
,Not Recommended,230820,24986818,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"The Night of the Rabbitis a modestly achieved point-and-click adventure, without splendor or major grievances. Its particular tone and style makes it more suitable for a younger audience and may simply not be for everyone.It is adorably filled with tons of imaginative little ideas, easygoing humour and clever references to other classic adventures. Scenes are generally pretty and well rendered, albeit often with uniform levels of detail.I found myself enjoyably humming the game's music regularly in between playing sessions. The majority of puzzles rely on conventional logic, challenging in their own rights but never a strain to solve (only a few items are obtained or used somewhat arbitrarily).Individual components are mostly soundly executed but their overall sum unfortunately does not translate into a very exceptional experience. The game does not intentionally sabotage its appeal in any drastic way; its only real recurrent negative quirks are dull writing and repetitive dialogues.Despite its promises of magic and adventure, the game remains uniformly average with few moments of awe delivered at a slow pace.""You alone can help us.""Typical inventory puzzles have you play errand boy for perfectly incapable townsfolk who would likely forever remain in limbo if you hadn't shown up to fix everything for them. Its uncharacteristic leading young man is neither especially charismatic nor particularly witty, making these tasks rather mundane. Secondary characters are a mixed bag of highly intriguing and static types.The plot becomes more compelling, perhaps a little too late, after an interminable initial exposition. Once you finally get to the real magical bits, you will find the world portals lead to small underdeveloped and self-contained areas where each spell you learn has a handful of highly specific uses.A more interesting game mechanic lets you switch between night and day, which significantly alters areas you can visit.Increasingly mysterious story threads with no immediately obvious connections are satisfyingly and nicely tied together in a properly lengthy conclusion, served as an elaborate cutscene that explains everything in detail. Reaching the end feels good.A surprisingly twisted final segment lets you briefly revisit the other small worlds in a re-imagined version. This original part breaks positively from the regular pacing of the game.There are a few missteps, such as when your magical adventure temporarily turns into a moralizing threat of ecological disaster that is not even central to the main plot.Technical glitches sometimes make the game skip dialogues or break down the UI, in some cases forcing a restart. Save often.A journal keeps track of current objectives and even occasionally offers subtle cues towards their solution but its information is poorly organised. An ineffective in-game hint system disguised as your first spell simply repeats key dialogues you've previously heard without providing additional direction.Annoyingly, there is no way to pause the game during dialogues.There are a surprising amount of optional collectibles for a game of this genre: dewdrops, cards, stickers and audio books. Most of them are entirely useless outside fulfilling a compulsive need for completion, except for the dewdrops, which expose a minor plot detail ahead of the ultimate reveal, and audio books that add a lot of folklore to the game's world if you have the patience to sit and listen.The optional Quartet memory game is very basic and not very challenging. Completing your card set does not improve your available strategies and playing it becomes rapidly boring.Overall I found The Night of the Rabbit simply too banal to recommend to everyone. It is by no means a bad game, in fact it is moderately enjoyable, but with better pacing and a fully revised dialogue system it would have been vastly improved. Perhaps you will enjoy it better than I did but make sure you get it during one of Daedalic's insanely advantageous sales.Otherwise I would instead recommend the more fulfilling and better executedMemoriaby the same developer."
,Recommended,230820,20390974,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,blvckfoxx,"The artwork and animation of this game is beautiful. The game itself can be quite difficult (which can sort of be expected of puzzle games) but I found myself having to find walkthroughs for some parts as there WILL be some gnarly puzzles. It's more or less because of the multitude of options and things you can craft and if you didn't pick up the right parts at the right places, you miss things later on and have to go back and look.At a first glance, it may appear to be orientated towards children; but don't be fooled, there's more than meets the eye.The story itself has a dark type of undertone; it mixes (Disney) Alice in Wonderland with Harry Potter with Child of Light and a 1990's-style point-and-click feel. Great for everyone of all ages, very perplexing at times.The only complaint I have of this game (so far) is the cheesy, cliche' sayings that the main character says from time to time. The voices (although VERY well done) tend to get repetitive and annoying, especially as you're experimenting with different combinations of objects. You may also need some patience, as the character walks pretty slow.Also, the game goes for $20, and the developer pack with 11 games was on sale for $15.99 (which I don't care for the looks of the other ones) so I ended up biting the bulleting and buying the whole pack as it was cheaper than buying the game by itself (ugh).Altogether, as it stands where I'm at in the story, I give this game an 8/10. Good story, amazing artwork, brain-teasing riddles/puzzles and content value. OH, AND IF YOU'RE WALKING FROM AREA TO AREA, DOUBLE CLICK ON THE ENTRANCE/EXIT TO TRAVEL FASTER."
,Recommended,230820,9813007,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Hamster,"First of all: It's a click-and-point game, if you don't like this kind of game don't play it.The Night of the Rabbit is a wonderfull game with a intriguing and unusual story, a beautiful soundtrack and a lot of humor."
76561198120743594,Recommended,230820,18026009,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,BadLuckFox,"This game is fantastic! I'm not one usualy for point and clickers but this is challenging (mind you I did have to use a walkthrough in a couple spots) and if you're someone who get's into the story this game diffently is up that ally! It's a beautiful story, I'll be playing it again for it, as well as the achivments. I did run into a couple problems where the game broke and I'm not sure why, it could have been my computer, but I would recomend not playing it for hours straight. Power down, get up, move about, grabe a bite to eat, then after awhile resume playing because until you finish it your going to be itching to play more until you finish it."
76561197991202316,Recommended,230820,1311892,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Unit13,"The Night of the Rabbit is brilliant! One of the best point and click adventure games I have seen. The Night of the Rabbit has logical but sometimes challenging puzzles. Being able to use items several times instead of once wass surprising to find. An intresting mystery with hints to the truth are hidden if you do not explore. I found that this game was very refreshing from the usual dark fantasy or shooting games today. The atmosphere flows perfectly from easy going to being unnerving. This game is very subtle in the best way possible. If you like puzzles, story, mystery, or even indie games. Buy this game. Young or old you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,230820,17150631,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TheDaringCaptain,"A charming and beautiful adventure. While slightly ""gamey"" in some points and a couple of frustrating puzzles, it does not detract from the overall wonderful experience."
76561198004199954,Recommended,230820,18622433,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,illegalchin,"For any Daedalic fan, this is a worthy addition to your library. This is a game that I would not regret buying at full price (I got TNoTR on sale) for it is a quite meaty game. You'll get around 15 hours of gameplay and maybe more if you listen to the audio books ingame. While the game was mostly enjoyable there are some glaring issues such as pacing...For a huge chunk of the game, there's not much plot progression until toward the end. You're going to be mostly trying to set up a festival in Mousewood and trying to complete your magician's training. Afterwards the plot speeds up and it feels crammed, especially with the additional exposition they add at the end. I don't get the feeling that the game's development was rushed at the end but the final act implies otherwise. With the pacing problem it did make it difficult to play through most of the game because I felt quite bored. I wasn't engaged in the plot until at the end. What really pushed me through was the visuals, audio, and world.Visually the game is stunning and the audio is complements it greatly. I never got bored of looking at the game's backgrounds or character designs. The voice acting also stands out too, I particulary enjoyed the Marquis' voice actor. And the theme song of the game is very enjoyable to hear. It's one of those songs that can get stuck in your head but you're not bothered by it.There's also the world the game inhabits which I feel like isn't explored enough in this game. There's good potential, as for many game universes, to expand the lore of this universe with how it goes about it's ""Alice in Wonderland-like"" idea. And with an interesting character like the Marquis de Hoto, I feel there's worthiness for a sequel especially with how they ended the game.Overall a solid, competent, point & click adventure from Daedelic that suffers mostly from it's pacing issues and a few plot decisions such as the exposition cram at the end. But it does make up for it from everything else; ranging from visuals to dialogue. A worthy buy for $20."
76561198199404414,Recommended,230820,19555523,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bananer174,"This is one of the best point-and-click adventure games I've ever played! The artwork is gorgeous, the music is immersive, and the the story is so beautiful I almost didn't want it to end. Five stars :)"
,Recommended,230820,20639663,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,BlackShiya,"This game is so far my favorite game from Daedalic. The art style and the soundtrack are amazing! The puzzles are also not too hard (I kinda have a hard time finishing Deponia series without a little bit of walkthrough, I just can't grasp the logic)The story is also another thing to praise. It starts with a relaxing ""I'm gonna learn all the spell! yayy!"" atmosphere and ends giving you a lot of things to think. Though I guess all Daedalic stories are like this.You can also get all the achievements in one go and I love the bonus items (stickers, stories, etc)I rate this game 9 magical dew out of 10"
,Recommended,230820,17666008,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,magicbegins4284,"I cannot say enough good things about this game. Keep in mind, this is coming from someone who has been a fan of point and clicks since I got my hands on the first Monkey Island. The storyline is delightfully original. The voice acting is total perfection. The puzzles offer a good mix between doable and difficult. I admit, I did have to resort to an online guide on more than a few occasions, but I think I can chalk that up to my impatience. The music and art behind the Night of the Rabbit creates a unique world that is so enchanting you'll never want to leave."
76561198051371190,Recommended,230820,19473288,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Modest Meerkat,"Got this game for the price of a small coffee, probably not worth the $22 price tag it has normally. Its a unique game though, just wait for it to go on sale."
76561198129546705,Recommended,230820,17823453,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ninja,butiful
76561198091410723,Recommended,230820,17901619,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Faestre,"A wonderful game. Beautiful atmosphere, brilliantly voiced mentor. Main character was relatable and really carries you along into the story. No artificial difficulty but quite a bit of problem solving and an amazing plot. 5/5"
,Recommended,230820,19499766,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hikari,yes
,Recommended,230820,16429384,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,doragon.raida,"This is the point-and-click game I've been waiting for.I played Deponia and loved the gameplay and art style... unfortunately, I absolutely hated the plot and characters. Every time the sequels went on sale, I sat there staring and trying to debate if really fun gameplay was worth the insufferable main character and lack of actually engaging plot. Never could convince myself to. So I decided to try out this game instead, hoping for something better.Night of the Rabbitcombined creative puzzles, an intriguing world, lovable characters, and a moving plot to far exceed my expectations. It was definitely worth the $5 I payed for it. I'd even go so far as to say it'd be worth the original $20, if I were the sort to ever buy games that aren't on sale.Also, I am now in love with a large, anthropopmorphic rabbit.Pros+ The plot is fantastic. It starts out as merely intriguing, leaving just enough mystery to keep you going. But as it goes on, the story gets more complex and meaningful--the pacing is just perfect to keep the tension and questions balanced until it culminates in a beautiful, but open ending.+ The characters are adorable, funny, and you'll probably end up more invested in them then you previously thought. Now, they are fairly simple characters (excluding the Marquis, who deserves an entire game devoted to his adventures), but I think this fits what I'm going to talk about next.+ It's got a lovely fairy-tale feel to it, so things that may seem overly simplistic actually work as part of its charm. But the plot and complexity of the magical world drive it beyond what most fairy-tales are made of, so the sense you get is less ""simple"" and more ""nostalgic.""+ Gorgeous art style, fantastic music.+ The world is endlessly intriguing, and it opens up bit-by-bit. Though you go back and forth between many areas, you unlock more bits and pieces of the map at a pace that keeps things fresh and interesting.+ Lots of creative puzzles. You also use many items more than once, which I think is more interesting and refreshing that gathering a bunch of one use items that mysteriously vanish once you use them.+ It has a few really clever gameplay elements that make the game more than ""combine this item with that item"" or ""try using this stick on everything until you find something that works.""+ The Marquis. Just... the Marquis.Cons:- The animation could be a bit smoother, and there's a reliance on stock poses rather than unique reactions to events. However, it doesn't overly detract from the style.- Some of the puzzles don't make that much sense or are far from obvious. But I could say that about every point-and-click game I've ever played. Sometimes I'd think I was supposed to do one thing, but then it would turn out that I actually had to do the opposite. I think if the Advice Seeker spell was more specific (it was, for the most part, entirely useless in telling me anything I didn't already know), this could have been avoided.- Really could benefit from something like a quest log. There are so many different requests to keep track of, and the journal doesn't give much detail or organize them well.- Voice volume seemed to fluctuate and sometimes the music was much louder than the voices--and turning music down to almost nothing in the audio settings didn't help.In the grand scheme of things, my problems with it are very small and nitpicky. Long and short of it is, it's a great game, pick it up during the sale. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,230820,16571579,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vanilla ✿,"When I first saw Night of The Rabbit in the steam store, I was attracted by the art. Little did I know, that the charm of this game goes so much deeper than just the beautiful art. I cannot begin to express how much I loved this game. I just couldn't stop playing it, I was so excited to see what happened next. I know a lot of people don't get steam to play point and click games, but I reccomend this game for everyone.Pros:- Absolutely STUNNING art that left me speechless in multiple occasions.- A beautiful OST that fits the game atmosphere perfectly.- The puzzles were creative and not too easy, but not too hard as well.- Cute and likable characters with well rounded personalities.- Voice acting was very well done and fit the characters perfectly.- Outstanding story that isn't predictable. (At least it wasn't to me.)Cons:- Depending on the person, some of the puzzles may be more complex than others. I had to pull up a walkthrough a few times when I was completely baffled at what my next step would be.- The pacing is a bit off in the beginning but it quickly makes up for that as the story progresses.I can't think of anymore cons for this game. I became emotionally attached to Jeremiah Hazelnut while following him in his great adventure. This game grabbed my heart and left me so happy I bought it. It was worth every penny. I can't wait to see what else Daedalic Entertainment has in store next."
,Recommended,230820,17117947,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MJunior,Awesome!
76561198056419534,Recommended,230820,17657452,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,redebeer,"I grew up playing adventure games, from typing to point and click. I didnt quite now what to expect with this game, bought it because of the genre. At first i thought the game was lacking a bit in some of the mechanics , but then the story and the beautiful scenery started to draw me in. I was very impressed with the overall gameplay, the puzzles werent too hard. The insulting leprechaun was funny. But the storyline...ever elaborating. I am now looking at all the other games this developer has to offer! The story towards the end really moved me, thanks for such a great game"
,Recommended,230820,17862957,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Carlinho,Short but wonderful... what a story... what an art :(So sad when it was over.
,Recommended,230820,17893942,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,aeon_cherry,"I loved this game. The story, the graphics and voice acting were all superb. The only downside for me, and it sometimes got quite tedious, was getting around. Some puzzles required a lot of back and forth, going from one spot to another then back again. It really slowed the pace and story progression for me. Aside from that I loved it and I'd reccomend it to anyone who likes the point and click genre. If you want something fast paced though, this really isnt for you!"
,Recommended,230820,10773016,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Esoterikal,"A visually sumptuous adventure game with great humour and real emotion. Voice work is well executed and effective, and fit well with the occasionally ominous tone. A much more mature story and characters compared to Daedalus' Deponia series.Most of the puzzles are well constructed and intuitive, with a few issues. A couple of puzzles were obtuse, and required something approaching a pixel hunt. In one case you have to stay and wait for an NPC to follow the same routine you've seen him do a dozen times before so you can see the outcome of your actions; I had left the location to do the next step in the plan only to find out I had to return and wait. Frustrating. The finale ultimately comes down to a timed ""battle"", which felt overlong and slow. There was no challenge once you grasped the concept, but you had to repeat it 3 more times. If they feel the need for combat they could learn a thing or two from the Monkey Island series.Overall an enjoyable game, I would recommend it to any fan of point and click games. I can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,230820,13654366,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Avi,"This game has rabbits. It's gorgeous, it's beautiful, it's stunning to play. I absolutely have fallen in love.My life."
,Recommended,230820,10642341,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jaxian,"A well-constructed adventure game with mostly puzzles that can mostly be solved by reasonably.  The storyline and characters were very appealing and add a ton to this game's experience.The game doesn't stray far from the standard adventure game concepts, but I highly recommend it for any adventure game fan or anyone looking to try out the genre."
76561198101168910,Recommended,230820,17759427,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,junkbarrage,"An incredible game that has impressed this hard to please gamer. In truth I had some problems with this game. There were instances where there were leaps in logic with using some items. Things that don't seem to make sense or others that you thought would work and technically did work but were just using it in the wrong part or order. It seems many point and click games have these issues to some degree. Despite this fact I find myself utterly pleased with ""The Night of the Rabbit"". I enjoyed it so much that I might actually play through it again so soon after having just beaten it. The story is intriguing and charming. The art was pretty good even if some animations were lacking. The music was great. The only thing I find this game lacking is a sequel."
,Recommended,230820,18299616,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,lilybee,"Beautiful artwork, even more beautiful music, charming story and adorable characters. I didn't expect to like this as much as I did, considering most of the point and click games I enjoy are horror, but it hooked me immediately."
76561198044184904,Recommended,230820,28491749,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mach,"This game was... magical, pun intended. It felt slower-paced than many other puzzle games I've played, which could be good or bad depending on what you're in the mood for.The music, voice acting, and especially the backgrounds were superb; the characters were distinctive and most were well-developed. And effin' loveable.The plot was interesting and didn't dip into as many cliches as it could have. I also liked how the story was set in and around one area, instead of moving linearly from place to place, set of puzzles to set of puzzles--it felt nicely centered.The puzzles were mostly fair; there were a few places where something was either badly laid out or just odd, but for the most part everything went smoothly. I did end up using a walkthrough for the second part, have to admit.The ending... wow. It tied everything up with a minimum of deus ex machina, explained all the little things that hadn't made sense to me over the course of the game, and gave nice closure with room for a sequel (Matt Kempke, if you're reading this, the reception in Germany doesn't matter; there's a lot of us who would love sequels). Plus, dat twist!A solid 9.5/10 (just needed a bit more help on some of the puzzles than the game provided). Play this game!"
,Recommended,230820,24023553,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Alcwathwen,Awesome game! Wish there was more of this!! Great storyline and the atmosphere of the game is fairytale like! Love it!!
76561198232698616,Recommended,230820,24077104,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Burn1909,"The Night of the Rabbit is a game that has earned a special place in my heart for its beautiful art, endearing characters and a very nice story. You can't help but feel that this game was made with a lot of love.That being said, if your measure stick for a point-and-click adventure game is the logic and cleverness of the puzzles, then this one might not be for you. Really, most of the time the puzzles are simple, though they also often involve a lot of 'walking around'. The only times they become challenging are when they don't make that much sense. And that happens more often then I would like.Everything else about the game, though? Good or better. Well thought storyline, charming vistas, excelent voice-acting, a likeable if not particularly brilliant protagonist, wonderful soundtrack, solid gameplay, etc. It all fits very well with the overall 'children's story book' idea of the game.To sum it up: if you can take the puzzles more as an excuse to enjoy all those good aspects than as the beginning-and-end of the game itself, I would tell you to grab The Night of the Rabbit right away. You won't regret it (unless you do)."
,Recommended,230820,18339694,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Klikzorz,Sound and atmosphere made me feel  like I am on adventure!
,Recommended,230820,7477973,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,LadyColie,If you like point and click adventures and puzzles. Buy this. The puzzles are very hard to figure out but obvious once you do! Beautiful art!!! Amazing soundtrack and funny characters <3
,Recommended,230820,30154285,Posted: 24 February,all,Rissadell,"This was a delight to play through! The art style and music are gorgeous and the story is enchanting. It does suffer a wee bit from that old Point-and-Click Adventure Game Syndrome of occasionally mind-bending jumps of logic, so I have no shame in saying I played this game with a walkthrough open for when I couldn't find the way forward. It's a pretty short game - I finished it in a little over eight hours - but I spent those eight hours utterly absorbed in the world and the unfolding mystery.  Would definitely recommend for any fans of gentle, story-based, point-and-click adventure games."
76561198202989419,Recommended,230820,30473090,Posted: 12 March,all,aaguthridge,"I loved this game from start to finish.  The graphics are lovely, like being in a story book.  The voice acting was also very good.  I'm a huge fan of point & click adventure games and this one hits the mark for me.  I wouldn't say that this is a funny game like sam & max or monkey island, but that's ok.  It is a charming game and I sincerely hope they do make a sequel I would love to return to mousewood.  I felt that the puzzles were just right, most of them I was able to work out myself.  The solutions were logical and did not feel like just combining a bunch of random things.  If you are a fan of story-rich point and click this is a great game to try.  The demo had me hooked after about 2 minutes."
76561198100816677,Recommended,230820,34661918,Posted: 1 September,all,Yule,"Lovely Point & Click Adventure with  beautiful sceneries, amiable characters and a compelling story. The setting is very fun to explore and as far as my adventure game experience goes it is quite unique. The music and sound are just beautiful most of the times with one or two exceptions maybe, but those are only short scenes, so not really worth mentioning.The voice acting is very good in English.There's an integrated minigame: quartets - you can play as soon as the feature becomes available, but can only see the motives by unlocking them while playing. It is quite fun and I found different opponents represented different levels of difficulty.There's a bunch of achievements.The extras from the special edition are a nice treat as well."
,Recommended,230820,19492463,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lambcakez,This game reminded me of dora the explorer. Except it's a boy with an english accent so it's better.
76561198141556388,Recommended,230820,19271766,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,WarOfLions,"Great game! At first looks like a little kids game with the simple point and click gameplay and childish sort of characters and story, however this game is actually quite dificult and interesting.Amazing music and visuals. Well done voice acting with lots of fun characters. The puzzles are actually quite difficult at times and the games difficulty and story progress very well making the entire game a blast!"
,Recommended,230820,19721940,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GuardianSix,"Set out to become a great magician, but ended up a kleptomaniac. 10/10"
,Recommended,230820,8709173,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Sherry Khanny,Magical!
76561198049729231,Recommended,230820,8259650,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,cage of love,"Although I haven't finished the game yet, The Night of the Rabbit is, by far, one of the most adorable games I've ever played. The plot, itself, is also quite interesting. It's a point-and-click RPG where you play as Jerry Hazelnut, a twelve-year-old boy longing to become a magician. There are loads of hidden objects to find as side quests, though the main story is about how he became a magician. The gameplay is simple, the art is clean and adorable while the puzzles are really fun to solve and they make you think. The only things I didn't really like was the lack of a map, which made you have to memorize where everything was placed, and the journal, which didn't give you any real objectives to follow. You are pretty much left on your own. However, the compelling story is enough to keep me interested and the characters are really quite cute! I definitely recommend this if you want something with an interesting story line but has a relatively casual feel to it!"
,Recommended,230820,9046796,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,TonicBomb,"Loved the game, Artwork was fantastic and storyline simple to follow with some good clean comedy thrown in, A great play with your kids. My 7 year old enjoyed it imensely. Cant wait for a second part to come out :D"
76561198141705348,Recommended,230820,24771129,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Gamer Yuna,"I absolutely loved this game. The lore, story, plot, and characters really caught me by surprise and i enjoyed every moment of it. I HIGHLY reccomend this game to anyone and everyone!"
76561197994087922,Recommended,230820,13745440,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FortOyer ლ(ಠ_ಠ ლ),"Sometimes Daedric games are all build up to a less than stellar ending after nothing but fantastic story arcs. In this case however the ending and plot reveal didn't feel undersold or spoon-fed (until the extra scene after the credits, but that's a fairly minor complaint about a scene set up, as usual, to hint at a possible sequal.)Can't emphasise that the art and music are goregous without sounding like everyone else but that truly is the case. Puzzles were challenging but didn't suffer from horrendous leaps of logic only seen by a developer. Voice acting very good. Would rate 8/10.Very hard to think of any let-downs. Possibly the card-game minigame which is downright strange and tacked on. Most of the achievements are based around hidden object puzzles. The extra content is nice but searching the screen for stickers and a slightly blue pixel that could represent a dew drop is not my idea of fun. Further while I appreciate the immersion by having audio-books about the world available and collectable the stories are somewhat twee and have only a superficial linking to the game story as a whole."
76561198065396619,Recommended,230820,15331724,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Violent Rainbow,"I expected to like this game, I love point and click adventure games and I've played pretty much all the others from Daedelic and loved them but I have to admit I don't like this one much, maybe I was stupid for buying it being an adult and all but usually these games just look like they're for kids but are really for adults or at least people in their mid teens but this one? Yeah this one is for kids. I also really, really, REALLY hate the voice acting in this game, literally the worst ever every time the Mom talks I want to find a hidden object and attack her face with it and the kid? Well let's just say I wouldn't be too upset if he fell down a well and never got out (Too dark?) But anyway this game isn't bad, just don't expect it to appeal to adults as much as the other Daedelic point and click games."
76561197979963005,Recommended,230820,30046945,Posted: 19 February,all,lacroix34,Very enjoyable game and surprisingly long.  Highly recommend if you want a feel good story.
,Recommended,230820,30782886,Posted: 27 March,all,Sjomle,"Has great soundtrack artstyle story and puzzles all you can expect from a daedalic game and one of my favorite, not to hard so i recommend this for beginners but gets challenging at some points, had no lunching or in game problems at least not with the steam version :b well worth 20$"
76561198224849236,Recommended,230820,30783350,Posted: 27 March,all,Chuchlain,"More a piece of art than what would traditionally be considered a video game.  Virtually no fighting or direct confrontation. If you are into immersive, leisurly paced, whimsical adventures you are in for an amazing time. This game is all about slowing down, relaxing, and soaking in your environment. It plays out like a mix of red wall and a fairy tail. Lots of fetch quests, and looking for things in this point and click world. The characters are all adorable, and they really drag you into their pace. The art is right up my alley so I love it. That being said, it's not really long enough to justify the full price for me from a consumer basis. It took me two days to beat it at a slow pace. That being said, I would be willing to pay full price, because I think that this game is a tidy piece of art, and the studio deserves your patronage so that it might continue to make these fantastical worlds."
76561198052647981,Recommended,230820,9821505,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,darkdesireangel,This game is not only beautiful aristically but also in plot. This game captivated me from the opening scene all the way to the ending. This game really makes you think and you become swiftly addicted to it and rapidly attached to the characters. If you like games with good strong plot lines then it is definitely for you.
,Recommended,230820,12503184,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,aule,"Good Game Good story, but it was often lagging, with out it took any reasurces from my Computer. But worth the time."
,Recommended,230820,15066322,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sin City Gamer,"The art and music in this game are extraordinary! I loved it! The story is also very good...kept me interested. I'll admit, I'm not the best at point and click style games so I needed a walkthrough to help me, but I don't feel like that was the game's fault. That was simply due to my inexperience. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and am very glad I decided to give it a try!"
,Recommended,230820,15242103,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Leekoba,"This is a great point and click game with amazing art and music ( I really liked it)! It was quite long, which I like, and had a really good storyline. The characters have voices too, and that makes it much more interactive in my opinion. The puzzles can get really challenging, and you have to go all over just to find out what you need, and its not always straightforward, but other than that its a really good game. They do have a small hint system, but its not all that helpful at times. I definitely recommend it for people who love point and click games."
,Recommended,230820,14003590,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Yakistar,One of the best point and click adventure games I've played in a long time. The story can be a little predicatable at times. But it is still good nonetheless. Voice work is brillant as is the animation.
76561198066137631,Recommended,230820,11559778,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kitty,"I don't usually play 'Point and Click' games but this was an absolute joy to play and has everything a good game should have; intriguing story, beautiful graphics, relevant music, great puzzles, amusing characters with fantastic voice acting and lots of collectibles without going overboard. Highly recommend."
76561198063193728,Recommended,230820,13958663,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Very fun story line.A lot of puzzles, some easier than others to solve.I can't say a lot more without giving you key punches of the game.I loved it."
,Recommended,230820,14079103,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TransmissionsFromNibelheim,"Absolutely breathtaking. Great story, very challenging. I regret buying this on sale because it deserves every penny."
,Recommended,230820,16863117,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,StarPrince.Punk,"This is my favorite Daedalic game and favorite point and click adventure game. It has an amazing, complex, and deep story with many funny moments. It also includes a lovable cast of characters that you'll grow attached to that are funny, mysterious, complex, and deep. Also the art is amazing and the music, oh my god the music, is legendary! Overall, if you're looking for a great story and a lot of fun, BUY THIS GAME! IT'S AWESOME!"
,Recommended,230820,9828616,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,b-rom,"This game was a delight to play.  I'm glad I had some free time to dedicate to it because I was able to wrap myself up in it like a warm blanket and experience the whole thing.The story is a charming combination of Wind in the Willows and Harry Potter, with some Winnie the Pooh mixed in for good measure.  I enjoyed all the characters, and I found the voice acting to be quite decent.  The sound track is excellent, and being as it's available as a part of one of the packages, I recommend buying that package.The puzzles are about the only thing that I have any complaints about, which is a problem because the puzzles represent the bulk of the gameplay.  The puzzles were for the most part quite good, with solutions that made sense in retrospect (and usually in prospect too).  Sometimes though the puzzles would be constructed using an object or an ability you have in a way that you hadn't before, or after a period of time that you weren't thinking about it anymore.  And there is such a vast quantity of things to try, and people to try them on, that I needed to resort to a guide on multiple occasions.  That got frustrating.  The game has a hint system, the first spell you learn in fact, but it is the most useless thing I've ever seen.  I can't say that having the hint tool was ever any better then not having it would have been.To be constructive, I would have liked to see a bit more contextual hint system.  It could have been, they built it as a spell you can cast.  If they had just made it a spell that you could cast at specific things, it would have allowed for a hint system that gave you information directly related to what is currently obstructing you.  As it is, looking things up in guides is far from perfect.  It's easy to read something you don't want to, and all to often all I needed was a nudge in the right direction, not a detailed explanation of every step.There are other little things, like the story pacing is a bit off.  There were some funny bugs from time to time.  Things like once I returned to an area I didn't need to return to, and found an oject's name having changed to ""object105_txt"" or something similar.  Or another time, similarly when returning to a location I didn't actually need to be in, the main character triggered dialog, but no sound played.  So he just stood there talking silently for about twenty seconds.  The bulk of these bugs seemed to crop up in the final chapters of the game, so I have to wonder if the game was built chronologically and got a bit rushed near the end.All in all, a solid game and one that I heartily endorse."
76561198012317278,Recommended,230820,9835893,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,[Hun] WhiteRoo,A really great point and click adventure game that I can only recommend.
76561198098508862,Recommended,230820,11358839,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Alhena,"one of the best games ever. leaved me thinking of the story for days after playing it through.logical solutions, lovely characters, nice fairy-tale-like graphics (real art!), beautiful and intense story that soakes you in, nice extras. simply just play through!"
,Recommended,230820,12150492,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,minicosmicgirl,Good game! Beautiful graphic! Spectacular story! Great animation! Cute personages! So magic! Sometimes even scary and creepy! I love DAEDALIC!
,Recommended,230820,20991706,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aislion,Awesome point and click game. The areas were very lovely and the characters were charming. The story was creative and I honestly hope for a sequel!!
,Recommended,230820,11877372,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,remarkablespork,"This game has a fantastic art style and a lovely soundtrack. The plot is very good, the voice acting is well done, and the twist at the end was masterfully accomplished. The controls are unique and intuituive. The puzzles make sense in context and are straightforward. The ones that weren't easy to solve didn't leave me scratching my head for very long. My only criticism is that it doesn't have much replayability to it. Maybe some alternate endings or choices would encourage playing through it again."
,Recommended,230820,16607441,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"I'm rather fond of Daedalic adventure games, they rarely disappoint. The Night of The Rabbit is a light-hearted, Disney-esque adventure. It doesn't rank as highly as the Deponia games but it was a whimsical ride.+ A fun, light-hearted story.- Found a lot of the puzzle solutions to be completely random and difficult.- A few times, bugs with the main menu caused me to start a new game when I was trying to save.Playtime: ~ 10h6/10"
76561198009586537,Recommended,230820,16872271,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,kittycucumber1965,What a beautiful fascinating game.  LIke walking into a Beatrix Potter book!
76561198113566705,Recommended,230820,13484379,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,StrawberryLimes,"This game has beautiful artwork, and a good story. Some things are a bit tricky to get at first, but you eventually fogure it out. It's simple, but in a very entertaining way."
76561198372064534,Recommended,230820,32479216,Posted: 16 June,all,Rebecca,"In the beginning of the night of the rabbit I wasn't sure if this game is something for adult gamers or more for children. But the more I played, the more i liked the game. It's a sweet story where a small boy wants to become a wizard. He meets a rabbit who wants to help him but nothing is like it seems. And later the story gets so destroying that no child should play this. But the story itself is great and unexpected. The riddles are too. You wouldn't ecpect this in the beginning."
,Recommended,230820,33889046,Posted: 29 July,all,Brunhilde,One of the best point & click games I've played.  I would buy the sequel to this in a heartbeat.  Please make it happen.
76561198045208825,Recommended,230820,13159526,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shatiz,"Summary: A good, item based point-and-click adventure game aimed at a younger audience. Nice story, setting and good voice-acting. Pacing problems, low puzzle variety, relatively tame humor and wasted opportunities prevents the game from being great. Still very much recommended, especially at a sale.Full review: You play as Jeremiah Hazelnut, a young boy dreaming of becoming a wizard. When contacted by the mysterious Marque de Hotto, you jump at the chance to travel to mysterious places and learn magic. The story is overall good with a nice setting and some interesting characters. It seems to be aimed at a younger audience than me, however, with relatively toothless humor and tame villains. There are some darker parts to the game, but nothing worse than seen similar modern fairy tales for kids. The environmental message is nice, but perhaps a bit ham-fistedly told.One problem is the pacing, which is a bit off. This game loves to hear itself talk to the point of overshadowing the gameplay. The endless exposition by the Marque at the early stages of the game bored my girlfriend to tears and I had to continue on my own. This continues to some degree throughout the game with dialogue being repeated a lot and taking just a little too long to skip when you are trying to see if a character has something new to say. An especially atrocious example of time-wasting is the fast-travel system which takes so much time to use it is generally more efficient just to double-click yourself scene by scene until you get where you want to go.The puzzles are entirely item-based so if you’re looking for more puzzle-variety you’re not going to find it here. Even the spells you learn are essentially items and do not work together in any interesting ways. An example of wasted potential. As they are, the puzzles are mostly logical, but suffer from the same problems as other item based puzzle games. Additionally there are loads of red herrings in the game, with objects having no function, no function until much later in the game or having multiple interactive areas (for example tree and hole in the tree). This can lead to some frustration, especially if you’ve tried the item on the hole in the tree, but were given no indication that you were supposed to use it on the tree instead. There is usually no guidance or humor offered by the protagonist from using the wrong items either which is a shame.To give some variety there are a fair bit of collectables, as well as a mini-card game and some additional audio books to listen to. Personally I found both the card-game and audio books rather dull, but it’s nice that they are there.I mostly enjoyed my time with The Night of the Rabbit, but I could not shake the feeling there was a great deal of wasted potential. Perhaps it was because I’m not the age group it is aimed for, but the setting is so nice and some of the characters so interesting… it just seems like they could have done something more with it. It’s all very… tame. However, it is still a good game even if it is not great. So I do recommend it, but personally I would not buy it at full price (20 Euro atm)."
76561198303994503,Recommended,230820,31736872,Posted: 13 May,all,LeroValero,"I bought a bundle of five Daedalic point & click games, and The Night of the Rabbit was my favorite of the five. The story is definitely inspired by Alice in Wonderland, but does not repeat it. It immerses you in this wonderful and cozy world of the town under the tree inhabited by various animals and magical creatures.As in all the other Daedalic point & click games I played, the puzzles are challenging enough, but sometimes, as in all games of this genre, solutions to the problems are illogical - you just need to randomly try every object in your inventory to solve it. But I think that's the deal with all point & click games.I sincerely recommend this game, it offers long hours of entertainment!"
76561198144990811,Recommended,230820,34199429,Posted: 12 August,all,AzraelFox,A great and awesome point-and-click game .  I can not wait for themto make a sequel to this.
76561198028675795,Recommended,230820,30206433,Posted: 26 February,all,Me5h0k,"Amazing story, and very interesting storytelling, the animations abit lacking and i have seen better point and click puzzles, over all 8/10"
76561198098265586,Recommended,230820,34342300,Posted: 18 August,all,FSGInsainity,"Hours of EntertainmentIt's a nice little point and click advevnture. I'd give it 9/10 stars since it runs good, I didn't come into any errors in gameplay, and it was a nice storyline. The only problems I had with it were that there were sometimes a seeminglly useless event being needed, how sometimes it was counter-intuitive, and the ending, but you can opt out of that fight like the little b*tch I am. I'd say not worth the $20, mabey closer to $15, but if its on sale or part of a big bundle then I'd say go for it."
,Recommended,230820,24595095,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CTW13,"As with all Daedalic games Ive played so far, great great game. Great story, but slow beginning. But bear with it, it gets pretty fun and exciting.The only thing that continually bothered me was that, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Jerry has a ton comments when you click on items to investigate them. And if you click it again, he spews the same pointless 10 line dialogue! Thank god you can click to skip through the lines, but dang. Supremely annoying, especially when this is a game where you are going to spend a lot of time clicking on the same things over and hoping the right thing happens.I think puzzle solving wise, a bit easier than The Dark Eye and Memoria, but the parts I did get stuck on, I would not have got unless I tried every possible item combination. I used a walkthrough for those parts.Love the music, love the idea, love the characters. Pretty nice voice acting.I recommend this game, if you like this genre of story-rich, puzzle solving adventure game. Though when the game ended, I felt a rush of emotion, having been taken on a rollercoaster of a story, but a few hours later, I realized there are a lot of unresolved mysteries."
,Recommended,230820,22854997,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,mrbunny,"Absolutely beautiful!An amazing point & click, right on par with the original greats!Can't wait for a sequel!"
,Recommended,230820,25210333,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kome360,"Night of the Rabbit claims to be a magical adventure, but it's actually a story about a novice magician who meets a strange but adorable community of furry friends, and must save them from vile corporations (and insane celebrity washouts) who plan to tear their world apart for the profit.Ultimately, every encounter is cute, and you feel like the main character is growing in with the town itself. Making friends, playing cards, saving mice children from berserk crows, etc.Get this on sale and use walkthroughs sparringly. You'll want to talk to everyone just to see how this lovely little fuzzy community works."
,Recommended,230820,15663260,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,maplemiracle,"I think the Night of the Rabbit holds the all characteristics that a wonderful point-and-click adventure games needs.Great artistic style and music.The art is amazing, especially the design of the different settings. The use of color and shading really brings out the atmosphere. This is also true for the music, really adds the touch to each of the places you will encounter through the game. Character design is also wonderful, and the character voice truly displays the character personalities.Classic puzzle solving.Very classic mechanism. Talking to NPC and bring items to them. The item collecting, combining and utilizing are all the components I enjoy about this type of adventure game. Although I will say some of the puzzles and item combinations are not as intuitive as it could be. Some item usage are rather a stretch. There is a help mechanism in the game the player can utilize, but I have to say it is rather useless. The help mechanism only continuously repeats the general goal of the section of the game you are on, it does not provide small clues to the smaller parts of the puzzle. The journal is more helpful in every way, although it does not provide hints, but it does keep track what you have to do. But this is a puzzle solving game, it would take away all the fun if the puzzle was too simple.Interesting story.The story isn't just about a boy with a dream, it has a lot more just than that. But it is hard to speak about how I like the story without spoiling a big part of it, so I guess I won't be talking too much about it. There are a lot that lies behind Jeremy's adventure. The people of Mousewood, the story of the Treewalkers, all the environment and the people of the other worlds. I feel like there are a lot more the game could have emphasized on, but the game was too short to cover everyone's story. I do hope there will be a sequel or maybe DLC to bring out the others' story.The in game small game, item and achievement collections are great touches to the game itself. Adds a lot more to the game itself. Overall, this is a great point-and-click adventure game, and I would be totally excited for more stories."
76561198066833003,Recommended,230820,9857516,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,P. F. Khang's,Great story too it
76561198072793384,Recommended,230820,18254009,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Arlo the Big Island,I bought this game 2 years ago but still its a fun game that will give a good feeling that make you rember old point and click adventures. It is colorful with agood story but also hard and intresting puzzles. It is worth a buy but you need to like point and clicks i give it a 6.5/10
76561198167697367,Recommended,230820,19758502,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kokuryuu26,"Outstanding! Great soundtrack, smooth animations, intriguing characters (especially the Marquis), and hard-to-find objects are hard to find.  Have to admit, I wish there was more spells Jerry could have learned, but that's probably all his 12 year old mind can handle.  Otherwise he might go dark too.  I just wish there was some prequel to this game.  The Marquis could use some more screentime."
76561198140672702,Recommended,230820,23980674,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bloodredmonster,"Beautiful very athmospheric , I truly loved it . Taking me back to my childhood an awaking the inner child <3"
76561198301711385,Recommended,230820,23522076,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,MrsAKey,Fantistic little fantasy world. The story pulls together nicely and it was fun to follow along with Jerry.
,Recommended,230820,12792864,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Another Daedalic game, so, obviously, you should buy it.Nice story.Nice puzzles.Pretty graphics.The voices are pretty nice.Ever played any Daedalic point-n-click? So, you know the drill."
76561198059540272,Recommended,230820,18747452,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,♥Blueberry Milkshake♥,"One does not simply ""see a magical rabbit in the forest""(Srsly Best Game Ever 10/10 I Almost Cried Bcz Of The Story. I Hope The Next Game Of It Will Come Out!)"
,Recommended,230820,25850368,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Blackwoods,"Even though summer ends, the magic lingers.Amazing story, great game."
,Recommended,230820,11630335,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tentacle Bunny,"<3THIS GAME IS GREAT! not action, however, rather heart warming and whimsical.Get it while its on sale if you can, if not, still worth it.<3 <3 <3"
,Not Recommended,230820,25811428,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,thelogicalghost,"Summary: Pretty, easy to play, overly convoluted story. Better than average but not great.Long version: MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD.This could have been a fantastic game. It could have been sitting in the top charts for the point-and-click adventure genre. There are so many promising ideas in this game, and most of them end up being overkill, overly convoluted, or badly executed.I will preface also by saying that absolutely the BIGGEST issue with this game is the delay in the dialogue pacing. There's a pause between each ""action"" that a character does, and a character can't speak and also move or go through any non-speaking animation at the same time. This is made considerably worse by the fact that some characters, like the titular Rabbit, punctuate every other line of dialogue with expressions or gestures. So the rabbit's long speeches turn into, line, pause, line, pause, gesture, pause, line, pause, revert to non-gesture pose, pause, line ..... it gets SO ANNOYING and absolutely destroyes any replay value because you do NOT want to sit through those cutscenes a second time.And it's even worse because the game is REALLY well voice-acted and some of the exchanges are actually really interesting. There's a lot of stuff being said that's supposed to make you go ""huh"" and then go ""ohhhhhh"" later on, but you end up aggresively clicking through the dialogue because it's so freaking SLOW.Moving on to the game itself.Let's start with interface and mechanics. The simplicity of the interface was pretty good. The inventory system is easy and the controls are intuitive. I loved the tutorial and how it actually kind of fits into the story. But as you go on, it starts getting needlessly complicated. I liked how the holed coin was both an actual useful inventory item and functioned as a hot-spot locator, but then there's also an advice spell that also ends up being actually needed? That's overkill. Then you get items that you're going to use often, so they get their own inventory ""slots"" for quick access, but other items that you're ALSO going to be pulling up all the time (like the frog clicker) that DON'T get quick access. Sometims combining items auto-closes the inventory window and sometimes it doesn't. The sum total is that it feels really well-designed but then badly executed by multiple game designers who weren't talking to each other.The gameplay itself is middling, as P&C adventure goes. Some of the puzzles are obvious, some of them make the logical part of your brain give up and go on vacation while you click everything on everything. There are enough clever moments to earn a few brownie points. The collectibles are appropriately frustrating, sometimes dropping into ""urge to kill"" zones (I STILL can't find all the ************** stickers). Oh, and making us play ""go fish"" 20 times for an achievement? And then turns out one character vanished before I remembered to try to play ""go fish"" with him so now I have to start a new game to get than achievement? Yeah, **** you, achievements.The cards factor into the other issue that I have with this game, which is the plethora of story elements that are all really interesting on their own but never culminate into a satisfying conclusion. There are SO MANY elements of this game that could have been a game all to themselves, or at least a bigger part of this game.Half the cards are just given to you, but there's a strong emphasis on the cards as a major story theme and representative of the various spells/characters/arcs. Wouldn't it have been more interesting, rewarding, and made more sense to someone trying to collect them all, if the cards were each found somewhere appropriate to the card? Not to mention that the cards as a physical item are never used outside of getting some achievements. What a waste of a theme and a mechanic.OKAY NOW THERE WILL BE MAJOR SPOILERS. MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD.So many sub-plots could have been their own game. Just fending off the crows, or dealing with the crows who went ""crazy"" due to human landfill, could have been it's own (admittedly more preachy) game. The game was so seriously suggesting the idea that everything was fake (including Jerry's ""home"" and ""mom"") that I can't help but suspect a more Whispered World-style plot reveal was once on the storyboard. Come on, red-and-white checkered dressed mom making blackberry pie? All the allusions that went back to Jerry's room, his dislike of the city, his absent father? The whole absent father thing got wrapped up so quickly and deus-ex it might as well not have happened. And the story was BEGGING for Jerry to be revealed either as Zaroff or the Old Magician when he gets older. In fact I was actually deeply disappointed by the fact that Jerry WASN'T Zaroff somehow, because it would have been such a better frame for the whole mentor-apprentice story.Pro tip: if you need a ten minute cutscene at the end of your game to explain the plot, you failed at storytelling.The lizard quartet themelves could have been enough antagonist for a story, they were certainly set up like one. The master-apprentice cycle and the revealing of true selves planting seeds of darkness could have been its own story. The whole thing could have been set in Mousewood and didn't need ""other worlds"" and portals, but then portals got jammed in; it was like Mousewood was supposed to just be the first world but tons of time was spent on it, but someone remembered that traveling between worlds was supposed to be a theme, so they hurriedly stuck some two-screen ""other worlds"" in without considering universe consistancy. Is Mouseworld a seperate WORLD from ours? Because that's a bit demeaning when we also travel to ""Ireland-world"" and ""Japan-world."" And then we travel to ""somewhere in the arctic-world""? What? Why?Why is the Marquis cold? Because he was just a memory or because of what he became? Why? What did he become? What did he do to the moths? What the heck is up with the moth queen bit at the end there? There was supposed to be something dramatic about the fact that the Marquis had eyes like the moths but then that was never explained. We didn't actually fix the crow problem! Why is Mousewood both in the middle of the woods and also there's a tunnel that leads underground to a clearly above-ground house next to a train station IF THE ANSWER IS ""MAGIC"" THEN AT LEAST SAY SO.And the ending! Bringing everything around full circle to that foggy loop place in the beginning was great. Fantastic. But then that mood was spoiled by Zaroff's show dragging on after it. And then a magic duel that was basically ""guess which nail goes with which spell"" was so anticlimactic.If you're wondering why the writing of this review is getting less coherent, it's a reflection of how much the story just loses all attempts at coherency, and not in a good way.Now if you'll excuse me I have to boot this up again and go play another dozen games of ******* Go Fish to get the achievement because I'm OCD like that."
,Not Recommended,230820,29069340,Posted: 6 January,all,NyappiCat,"Where do I begin... This game is ridiculously convoluted in the way the puzzles are designed and the jokes are awkward. It's a shame that there are no real puzzles instead of you just having to find, combine or use random items over and over, because it does get pretty boring after a while. Can't deny that the soundtrack is mostly pleasant (not very memorable though) and that the art style is nice to look at, but those factors don't matter when the game is inherently unengaging. I don't hate this game, but when comparing it to games being sold for the same price I think those €20 are better spent on for example Samorost 3."
,Recommended,230820,11680065,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"The Night of the Rabbit is a point and click adventure. Point and clicks are not complex games. As such, there are only 2 major categories that define whether or not a game of this genre is any good.1: a BAD point and click will leave you playing an unwinnable game whether it be because you didn't grab that super important, obscure, hidden intentionally, very easy to miss item that you can't go back and get, or you said or did something that at the time seemed completely innocent but wasn't and wound up screwing you over hard core. Then you're stuck and can't progress anymore or are stuck playing for the bad ending.Fortunately I can say The Night of the Rabbit is not a BAD point and click. Every now and then you'll get stuck not knowing what to do because it would never occur to you to use a grappling hook to slice a piece of cheese off what looks like background decoration. That, as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as is sounds, is normal play for a point and click. The key detail is you're never prevented from going back and doing it and being forced to replay the game from start.2: a point and click is only as good as the story its telling....Is The Night of the Rabbit's story good?Well. There's something called sub-text. Sub-text is the odd yet sensible meaning hidden behind the surface of the normal story. Normally its only hinted at through symbolic references whether that be visual, reference, or word choice. Like that movie Avatar with people reading into it too much saying the movie is actually about American tribal Indians vs. evil white people.So what is the story The Night of the Rabbit telling? Well it begins, as fairy tales usually do, with a young child going off into the forest to fetch berries for his mother. As he travels deeper and deeper into the darkening woods, he's tempted by a creature known for living in the world beneath our feet (the underworld) and for the long pointy structures on its head. And what is he tempting the innocent impressionable child with?Magic... Adventure...That, my friends, is what the BLIBBLE calls TEH DEBBLE!So of course, the child being naive, becomes abducted by the liar. And what happens next? You're taken to another world filled with all kinds of critters who have risen up to overthrow and take the place of their human overlords. And they speak human! I met creatures in the wild! They speak in squeaks and monkey noises! Having them speak human is EVYL UNNATURAL and UNGAWDLEE!So immediately TEH DEBBIL wants you to prepare a party for all his talking animal friends. What are you tasked with? Getting what they love to drink most. PURPLE DRANK! And who makes that? Three grown♥♥♥♥♥men who live and sleep together! IMMOREL! Who work at night. Moonshiners working under the protection of the dark lord! EEVL MONSTARS! Then TEH DEBBIL buggers off to hang out with his hippy dealer friend (who is crazy because its revealed he's cuckoo in the head) and leaves you doing all the hard work as he plays puff puff pass. AWL LAWDY ALMARTY dat guy GOT NO SHAYME!And as you do this one single thing, you witness the poor young kid you're playing as taken to another world by a little green man; a disgusting foulmouthed creature who wears an enormous hat to make up for the miniscule size of his unmentionables. This poor young kid is also sent to Japanese Hell to be seduced by fox demons. Meanwhile, while the child is being distracted by this wild goose chase, shape changing lizard men are invading and conquring the world. Just as you believe the youth is stranded in a wintry prison forever, he is saved by the grace of the WON TROO LARD by worshipping him through the celebration of Christmas.This all leads up to the final stretch which bears many parallels to old myth regarding father issues. Cronus overthrowing his father Uranus. Cronus being overthrown by his own son Zeus. And... A decietful spirit guide who can travel between worlds and raises a child in his own image to overthrow a corrupt all powerful figure who compulsively keeps leaving his annoying brainwashing literature all over the place.After having said all that, would you RISK YOUR VERY SOUL and THE SOULS OF YOUR LOVED ONES by falling prey to the whiles of the DARK LORD and subjecting yourself to a STORY OF THE NIGHT (the environment of the EVILE LARD OF DARKNESS) throwing DANGERS of IMAGINATION and MAGIC in your face tempting you with LIES?? When you should be going to SCHOOL!WOULD YOU?WOULD YOU?WOULD YOU?!?WOULD YOU????!?!??!???!?!?1"
,Not Recommended,230820,21860481,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,daniel.jozsef,"First of all, I tried playing on OS X, and the game bugged out on me from the first moment. It just skipped dialogs mid-sentence without any keypress, and this was a repeating problem, maybe on every fourth to fifth dialog box.That quickly turned me off the game, but even without that, my first impression of Night of the Rabbit can be summed up in the word ""tedium"". Starting with the ""tutorial"", it was a slow, tedious, and confusing experience, which was kicked into high drive by the aforementioned bug.And ""it's for kids"" is no excuse, Putt-Putt for example was for kids, and it was anything BUT tedious. Making a game feel like the worst things about school is not the way you make a game for kids (or for adults tbh)."
,Not Recommended,230820,9808413,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Reverend Jesus,This is utterly horrible.0/5 stars.
76561198061752700,Recommended,230820,29495523,Posted: 25 January,all,Finch,The thoroughly enjoyable adventures of a sassy twelve year old and his pet rabbit after a very successful trip into the woods to harvest some suspect mushrooms.
76561198048132861,Recommended,230820,14427928,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Castledoque,"The Night of the Rabbit is a beautiful fairytale set in a world of innocence, magic and excitement. It features a relatively open world, the puzzles are difficult yet logical and there are lots of optional activities. Not just a game, but a whole alternate universe!Full Review:http://adventureadvocate.gr/gamereviews/item/the-nig"
76561198038552111,Recommended,230820,14968826,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Phruler,Very good game
,Recommended,230820,29075819,Posted: 6 January,all,Lucasones,.
76561198031032248,Recommended,230820,20113562,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,oana,Wonderful game.
,Recommended,230820,16263307,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Asiris,"Loved this adventure so much. It has amazing story, great characters and enchanting world. Enjoyed every minute playing this game."
,Recommended,230820,24358015,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,dwarren0613,"OH YEAH !!I love these visual novel point and click games/stories/whatever you want to call them. and Rabbit is one of the best i've ever played. seriously, i love to read and i love to play games with a plot/story! This one has a great sinse of humor and sucked me into the story almost before i realized it. I looked up and realized i'd been playing for an hour and i'll tell ya guys.I'm an educated person and consider myself on the upper side of the chart if one were to compare smarts to everyone else in the world. but i HATE puzzles that are so F*****in Hard it takes me an hour to solve one little peice. and this game even though i looked at the walk through and used it once or twice, i could have done it w/o a guide. so I give it these marks.:Playability = 9Story          = 9Plot             =10 (intriging so far)Controls      = 10tutorial/guides from community    = 11seriously i got this on some crazy sale price of like 1.49 and i can't believe how good it is. i kept waiting for the demo to end and then upon actually paying a minute amount of attention i realized I had purchased it at a price so low I forgot.Enjoy this one it's easily worth 10 or 15 bucks.IMO !!    = In My OpinionGame on pplDuane = dwarren"
,Recommended,230820,13814323,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vanilla,10/10
,Recommended,230820,13137646,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MacPhellimey,This game is beautiful! The music especially! I REALLY wish it was giftable so I could get it for my friends.
76561198013765536,Recommended,230820,15890441,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Boxdesu,Tsundere fox girl and Alan Moore.I was not expecting that.
76561198071106517,Not Recommended,230820,19445255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,tattoogunman,"I'll keep this shorter than my others as other players obviously have the same problem(s).Beautiful game, nice voice over work, etc., but seems to have some performance issues (overlooking those here).  Where this game falls apart is like the other games this company makes - it's the ""I want to throw my computer out the window"" difficulty of the puzzles.  This is the second game that I've played by this company (have them all thanks to a bundle deal) and I really wish they would figure out how to help players along with regards to their puzzles.  They are often vague and little help is offered in game by the environment or other characters.  Nobody should have to result to written or video walk through guides to get through a good point and click game (although this one has been a bit easier than Deponia).  For that reason and that reason only, I'm not recommending the game since there is no ""neutral"" option.  If you don't mind having to consult outside help to progress through the game, give it a try."
76561198103553027,Not Recommended,230820,28924685,Posted: 1 January,all,Royhem,"Man did I ever want to like this game. The visuals are pleasing in all sorts of ways, the soundtrack is uplifting and after finishing some of the other daedalic adventures I was aware this game had a different style but I had faith I'd enjoy it. In the end I won't be finishing The night of the Rabbit. There is alot that you might enjoy and I'd recommend it for kids because the puzzles make much more common sense the Deponia or Edna and Harvey. The problem for me is that it just isn't interesting so if you are on the edge wheather to play this game or pass I can't recommend you pick it up."
,Recommended,230820,13596397,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Xelzy,Great point and click adventure games. Nice story and the art combined with the music is just great.
76561198167850471,Recommended,230820,21483817,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,eliza.knight339,"Great game, i thought i would play as a rabbit before i start the game, but i played as a boy instead. I love the graphic and sound in game, there are challenges but i still can deal with it. Highly recommended :)"
,Recommended,230820,9322866,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"This is another deep and interesting story from Daedelic Entertainment. These adventure games often make me love what they do, but at times their games can be a bit too tough for me and I got through this one alright. It wasn't too difficult, but like all of them it has a really interesting story.The kids voice is not as annoying as the kid's from Whispered Word, but this one is tolerable. There are a lot of interesting ideas  here with how trees can be used to travel to new worlds if their roots have gone so deep that they dip into dreams and a interesting metaphisical world to come out of it too.The characters are bright and colourful and sure to leave an impression on anyone who plays this. If you're a fan of their stuff (Deponia, The Whispered Word, Edna and Harvey) you'll certainly enjoy this. If this is the first game of there's you are considering buying, I'd certainly suggest you get this game if you're looking for a much more likable protagonist than Rufus from Deponia and you want to try out a quite imaginative adventure game too."
,Recommended,230820,24942634,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,berna1111,Anything is possible in a day in summer vacation =o)A beautiful game with a good story and light logic puzzles.
76561198156052144,Not Recommended,230820,15230109,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Anthony.,"SPOILER ALERT... I'll start off by saying this game does a few things very well.1. Music - It's beautiful, and it fits very well with the graphics and atmosphere of the game. I really love it.2. Graphics/Art style/Atmosphere - Also beautiful. Everything looks so polished, vibrant and colorful. The game looks great. It feels like a fairy tale.But when it comes to things I like about this game, that's where it ends. The story is... well, here... A boy wants to be a magician. So a letter comes flying out of the sky, right into his mailbox. It has directions on it in the form of a poem. The boy follows the directions, and a magic box appears with a rabbit that tells the boy that he'll be his apprentice, and go on an adventure, yada yada yada... That's it. The boy gets to go on an adventure and be a magician. I don't see how that's an intriguing story, but I let it slide because I thought the other things might make up for it, and maybe it'll get more interesting the farther I go. Now, I should say, I didn't finish the game. Maybe it does get more interesting... I'll never know. And I don't really care, to be honest. But let's talk about the one thing that caused me to stop playing this game... The puzzles.The top reviews of this game didn't have many positive things to say about the puzzles, although they absolutely loved everything else. I, for one, thought the puzzles ruined the entire game. One very positive review calls the puzzles ""brain-scratching""... As if that's a good thing. Normally, it would be a good thing. But in this case, it's not. I'd also describe the puzzles in this game as ""brain-scratching""... As in, I'm scratching my head so hard that I actually start to touch my brain after reading a walkthrough and asking myself how other human beings thought that this would make sense.The very first ""puzzle"" of the game is using a stick, which looks the same size of a stick you would use to roast a marshmallow, to completely remove a thorny bush so that you can gain access to berries your mother asked you to pick. I felt that it didn't really make sense. The bush completely disappeared after wacking it with a stick. That just seems weird to me. At first, I didn't have a big problem with it, but now that I know what the rest of the puzzles are like... I do. It does make sense somewhat. People clear bushes and leaves out of their path while walking by using sticks. But it's just not something you'd think to do, even though, via luck, I did.The next puzzle was the one involving the letter. The letter gives you directions in the form of a poem. So the game helps you with this puzzle. Cryptic, but it's help nonetheless. The solution for the puzzle is one of the most bizarre things I've seen in a game. You find an empty pop can. You're supposed to put 3 acorns... smashed chalk (powder)... a piece of tree bark... and a carrot... IN THE POP CAN. Now, let just me say, the letter gives you hints, so it's not completely random. If you played the game, you'd understand. But the puzzle still makes absolutely no sense. You know how the top of pop cans look, right? You could barely fit your tongue in the hole used to drink from it. The game expects you to know to put a carrot... A CARROT. Not a mini carrot. A fat, large carrot... into the pop can. Not to mention a piece of tree bark, which also looks very large. And they're in there together. It's just so illogical and stupid that I almost lost hope for the game right there... and it's nearly the beginning of the game. It's not like you're a magician at that point. You're a kid. And even if you WERE a magician, the story/magic being involved should not eliminate logic from the puzzles. Nothing should. Those things DO NOT fit inside a tiny pop can.There's a puzzle later on involving a rake and a leprechaun. You need to make the leprechaun step on the rake and smash his own face. He moves to different locations, and you basically have to follow him until he goes to this clover leaf where he gains his powers from... he hops around on it, and you need to put the rake there before he hops around on it. It makes sense, but it's just not something you'd think to do. And that's a theme with a lot of the puzzles. Trial and error. ""I guess that makes sense, but nobody would ever think to do that.""There was a puzzle with a little mouse not letting you go to a new area unless you give money, although when you talk to him, he talks about wanting something sweet and surgary. In another area of the game, there's an empty bee hive, and you have a sugar free lollipop in your inventory. He doesn't accept the lollipop because it's sugar free. So you go to the bee hive and put honey on it. Then he accepts it, and lets you by. That makes sense. That was the only moment in the game where I actually thought the puzzle made perfect sense, and that it's something that people would think to do because it's logical.When you talk to the little mouse, he mentions another character in the game is his baby sitter. That's all he mentions. This character in the game is his baby sitter. In your inventory, you have an ad for violin lessons. It's just something you have, among the other billion things you have in there. That's another problem with the game. Inventory. You have a ton of crap in there. And you don't want to use all your items on different things because you, for the most part, get the same dialogue every time, and it's just an annoying thing to do. It's not fun. But anyway... You need to give the ad for violin lessons to her. Later on, you need to get to another area, and the little mouse is back. This time, he wants money. Now, I looked at a walkthrough, so I would have never known to give his baby sitter the ad for violin lessons, but imagine if you didn't know to do that. You would be stuck. WHY would she want that? NOTHING implies that you would have to give her that. She comes in, and says ""look at this ad for violin lessons, you could be a star, you're the perfect mouse"" or something like that, and the little mouse leaves with her, allowing you to go by. It's just... like... why? WHY would anybody think to do that? Unless you use every item in your inventory on everything. At the time, I had 19 items in my inventory, so I wasn't going to do that. Even in games where I don't have a lot of things in my inventory, I try my best not to use items on everything just because. I want to think about it, understand why I'm doing it, and then do it. It needs to make sense. And that doesn't. It makes absolutely no sense. Why would she want that? Why would you have to give that to her?ANOTHER PART. You're asked to find an anchor, a rudder, and to remove a giant catfish that's blocking your way. Alright. Fine. Anchor... You use a grappling hook. I GUESS that makes sense, it's for a leafy boat that isn't an actual boat, it's not very heavy, so that's fine. Then you use a spoon as a rudder. A spoon. When you pick up (or find) the spoon, it's very large... but in your inventory, it looks small. Like a regular spoon. Large or small, it barely makes sense as a rudder, but fine. Then, to get rid of the giant catfish... you use... valerian drops. That's when I had enough. Why on earth would you use drops used as a sleeping aid on a giant catfish blocking your way? WHY WOULD ANYBODY DO THAT?! ... It makes NO sense. You only use a few drops anyway, and the river current is flowing rapidly... WHY WOULD THAT MAKE THE CATFISH GO AWAY?! EVEN IF HE FALLS ASLEEP. IT MAKES NO SENSE.I mean, I could go on. There are little things. Sometimes, while Jerry (main character) is talking, the audio cuts off before he could finish the final word of his dialogue.Bottom line: I just don't see how you could enjoy this game unless you don't mind looking at walkthroughs constantly or using every item in your inventory on everything. That's just not a fun gaming experience for me."
76561198165758165,Not Recommended,230820,19885447,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fiero Girl,"I liked this game, but just can't recommend it. The art is wonderful, the soundtrack is great, but the puzzles were a big negative. I spent so much time going back and forth between the locations for different parts of the puzzles that it felt like a chore by the end of the game. Plus a bunch of the solutions don't make any sense. I found myself stuck and having to look up hints and answers, or trying every item in my inventory. Way too frustrating, although the actual story is great."
76561198112226123,Not Recommended,230820,18226285,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,srgabbey,"The Night of the Rabbit is a really charming game. The art (both audio and visual) were absolutely beautiful and played off of one another very well to help create a mood and atmosphere relative to the plot. The characters were lovable and relatable, and the plot was mostly well done in its creation. The mini game, Quartets, was another fun way to pass the time if you didn't particularly feel like going on with the main game itselfl.Unfortunately, that's about all that's positive to say about The Night of the Rabbit. I've enjoyed point-and-click puzzle-based games for nearly ten years, but the puzzles in this game were nearly impossible to figure out on your own. I ended up looking up close to half of the game just trying to progress. A lot of the stuff I did get were from the very vague clues that I was actually able to understand, or just from randomly clicking on things in the hopes that it would either work or give a clue clear enough that I would be able to figure out the missing elements. While the daytime/nighttime game mechanic was really, really cool, it also made for more complexity. Some actions are only able to be performed at night, and some of those weren't even made possible until a puzzle during the day was solved. It created a bit of an issue for me, trying to solve two puzzles at once in two completely separate areas. In addition, the ending of the story was incredibly anticlimatic. I don't want to spoil anything for those who still want to buy the game, but after all the puzzles that I had seen and after all of the involvement in the story, I expected something a bit more satisfying. It felt a bit like being cheated; the end had potential but fell very, very flat.In the end, I don't think I'd recommend the game, or at least not at its full price. I was lucky enough to catch it while it was on sale, but for all the unsatisfaction of the ending and the frustration of having to look up a walkthrough every twenty minutes, I'm not sure it's worth the full $20."
76561198016003148,Recommended,230820,32626445,Posted: 21 June,all,PA!N K!LLER,"위쳐엔 궨트가, 여기엔 쿼텟이"
,Not Recommended,230820,25017314,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lt.FROSTY #Vacation4Days,"Man the story itself kewl and kinda i dig it but the execution was literally terrible many lags and many bugs (Just after i entered the Second Portal the Sound won't even work ever again wtf?!)Man i'm really wanna play it to the end just for the sake of Curiosity i'm kinda into the story and twisted events i'm literally tryin' my best to not f*cking delete this game for good for all the ♥♥♥♥♥ and bugs i'm facing, fgsbut sadly i would not recommend people to play it you gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off really hard at this game cuz it's kinda slow-paced and hard to finish not to mention how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling when you travel manually to different location man it was a nightmare freaking boringIn the end i hope this Review would be a help to others (Plz Just don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥lagy as*f*ck)..."
76561198109122130,Recommended,230820,25993309,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,"Some riddles dont make sense at all and I would say the game itself is not as enjoyable as other DE games. But dont get me wrong, it is still a good adventure worth a recommendation. I just feel like Deponia and Edna Series are far better. On the other hand there is no leprechaun spitting insults like fire in those games. LUL"
,Recommended,230820,22668251,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,
76561198003996728,Recommended,230820,21652231,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,wanted31,AMAZING !
76561198198570321,Not Recommended,230820,30628216,Posted: 19 March,all,gbozoki,"2 out of 10.Visuals are nice, the music is passable. Voice acting is downright annoying and the dialog just goes on and on and on and on.... I like long dialogue in games (and adventure games are all about story and dialogue) but this one is just an incoherent, illogical, mind-numbing. non-sensical mess.You'll hear the same repeated lines over and over and try to complete utterly illogical, pointless puzzles to advance the game. You'll then grind and grind some more, pixel-hunting for the one object that you must click or the one object that you must use with something to continue. And the ending... the ending takes the cake - I've never seen such a letdown in an adventure game; the ending was bad even in the context of this game, which is saying a lot, because the game is already awful.Some reviews mentioned that this is a children's game but that's not correct: no child in their right mind would suffer through this mess of a game. They may get wooed by the nice visuals but 5 minutes into the game they'd give up in utter boredom. Only an adult who paid money for this would try to finish this game, trying to see if there's some sort of sense to it and trying to see if there's something to be gained for the money paid.There's nothing, as is the case with most Daedalic games. I should've learned this from their earlier games but from now on I'll avoid anything this incompetent bunch dumps on the markets and I advise you, reader, to do the same. You'll save your money and you'll use your time for better things."
76561198333455355,Not Recommended,230820,29106094,Posted: 7 January,all,batterycrayon,"It's cute, creative, and different, but e x t r e m e l y slow paced to the point of being unbearable. The art is good, the writing and voice acting is mostly pretty bad, but in a charming kind of way. You have to sit through ten seconds of commentary for each mundane action you take, which you could have read on the screen in about three seconds. It's unfortunate but this particular aspect has made the game way too boring and frustrating for me. It might be good for kids if they have a lot of patience, but it really moves like molasses. I hope I can get more into it at a later date, but for the time being it's a drag."
,Recommended,230820,12436001,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cinderella❤,> <
,Recommended,230820,34858761,Posted: 10 September,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Thought the game was going to involve making women ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with rabbit vibrators, highly disappointed, but still an ok game.4 premature ejaculations out of a full ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,230820,26614295,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,WelpRabbit,"A point-and-click adventure that tries to be half Winnie the Pooh and half Alice in Wonderland, with some Guybrush Threepwood thrown in. But it ends up being too cutsie by far. The sticky-sweet cloying wears thin quickly. Perhaps the game was intended for young children, but there are aspects of it that they might find frightening.If you really like British 'twee', you might enjoy this game immensely. If not, you'll probably just find it annoying.One tip for early on in the game: There is a stick to the left of a circle of mushrooms. Clearly it's something you want to pick up because it's obvious that you need a stick to get to other items in the area, but the activation shape for the stick is only a few pixels wide and not actually on the stick, but rather a smidge down and right from the left end. I ended up having to read a cheatsheet to figure out why I couldn't make anything work, only to find that the stick was indeed required. A bit of very careful moving of the mouse around the stick revealed the tiny activation shape. This bug might be specific to the Mac version."
,Not Recommended,230820,16326886,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cartman_1337,"Of all the Daedalic adventure games I've tested out so far, this is the 10th I think, this is by far the worst. In fact, I couldn't even be bothered to try to finish it. I didn't really like the two Dark Eye games either (Chains of Satinav and Memoria), but at least they held a certain amount of interest value, enough for me to see them through. All the others I really loved, even 1954 Alcatraz.This game is just horribly boring. The kid you're playing never gets to the point, and the rabbit he's following is even worse; even when he says ""we must hurry"", he spends another 30 seconds on a few more useless comments. In addition, the game even lags (on a GTX 970), the music is horrible and the brightness/contrasts too high (my eyes hurt after playing it for 45 minutes). Could possibly work as a sleeping aid, other than that: stay away! Try the Deponia games, Edna & Harvey or The Whispered World instead."
,Not Recommended,230820,19753014,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,john,"IMO this game sucks, the devs did a better job with Memoria. If you want my advice, save your money and buy Memoria instead of this one. If you do buy this one, buy it on sale like I did because it is not worth buying for full price."
,Not Recommended,230820,12577333,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kynji,"I want to like this game, but I'm finding it harder and harder to want to play. The graphics are nice, the voice overs are well done, and the characters are quirky. The puzzles are not terribly intuitive, and I can see wanting/needing a walkthrough for certain portions.However, the reason I cannot recommend this game is the pacing. It is slow. Terribly, horrendously slow. Glacially slow.  Heaven help anyone who accidentally clicks too many times and restarts a dialogue with someone to whom you've just finished talking. Perhaps it is my fault for choosing a point & click adventure as I know they're typically a lazier pace focused on story...and perhaps the story in this game is wonderful. I'll likely never know, as I can't tolerate spending 55 minutes out of ever hour I play clicking through dialogue, and the other five minutes actually getting to click on an object (just to hear more dialogue)."
76561198031141181,Not Recommended,230820,28283288,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,stekkos,"The game description starts by saying: ""Lose yourself in a tale of magic and wonder"". The best description they could possibly write!It is a beautifully drawn world of magic and wonder that will make you feel lost..... No clear plot, a massive amount of things you can interact with and people to talk to without clear reason on why am i doing that and a constant feeling that you just dont have a path to follow.Personally i found it was not fun, it was more of a chore. And games should be fun."
,Not Recommended,230820,33841195,Posted: 27 July,all,kejjos,"Classic point and click adventure. Visuals and music are ok. Big but; there's no storytelling. Nothing keeps me wanting to play more, because the narration and dialogue is boring. It's like they want you to figure out what the story is. The mystery is like ""who are these creatures?"". I have no idea and they don't seem interesting enough."
76561198080567689,Not Recommended,230820,31742442,Posted: 14 May,all,showard2788,Its too bad that you couldnt actually play the story that was told at the end.  That could have been so much more engaging.  I found myself wanting the dream to be over as soon as possible.  Maybe we should just call it a nightmare.  This one fell short for me.
76561198118414923,Not Recommended,230820,14451487,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,theGrumor,"Positive :This game is good to play, nice story,nice artwork and nice side-quests like collecting stickers,cards and the water  drops. The story-plot is interesting and makes you want to solve the mysteryNegative:The main character is such an unsympathic gooder with such unfunny sentences....and the pauses between 2 sentences are waay too long, Next is the repeat problem. If you click one time too much,the whole description or conversation of the person or the object repeats,same with trying to combine two things from inventar.This angers one so much.The last quarter of the game,more and more objekts you try to combine simply get a ""MHHH...."" as comment,instead of any response,what kind of gives you the feeling,daedalic team didn't enjoy making this game. this thought haunts you from there until the end,because everything gets way too fast starting once you have to deal with the lizards. Most of the Zaroff part is only text with blackscreen,instead of pictures,even the parting between master and pupil!!!!"
76561197976045691,Not Recommended,230820,21697296,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,johnodd4,Stay away from this game this game should be removed from steam it doesnt work the configuration tool crashes the game flickers and causes seizer disorders in people this game needs to be fixed or remove it from steam
,Not Recommended,230820,13650175,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,odditymachine,Visually beautiful artwork. Music and Sound are good. But it honestly was very frustrating during parts of the game. I would pass on this unless you just feel like being angry and listening to long pieces of  dialogue over and over again.
76561198062552799,Not Recommended,230820,15587673,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sereis,"Im sorry, I really tried to get into this game. The hype and positive feedback is astonishing to me....I was bored out of my mind ill try and play again....but my god it was boring and all the trivial puzzles seemed meaningless....."
76561198141644107,Not Recommended,230820,16870612,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,UsulMcUsul,Disappointing.
,Not Recommended,230820,19757791,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"I just can't seem to get into click adventures, yet i keep buying them, hoping to enjoy the story and get stuck on stupid puzzles.Maybe I'm just an idiot."
76561197960986989,Not Recommended,230820,28120693,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,unknown,The Night of the Rabbit looks and feels superb. But I just can't get into the plot. Great pity.
,Not Recommended,230820,16295812,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,"This is the most boring game I have ever played.Repetitive dialogue, easy ""challenges"" and puzzles, boring story, boring gameplay, boring everything.Slow dialogue.  It's like this game was made for a bloody toddler.I didn't even notice the demo. I should've downloaded that first, but I didn't know there was a demo."
76561197972331959,Not Recommended,230820,8674344,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,snail pie,"What starts off as a rather cute and perhaps a touch saccharine point-and-click adventure about a boy who meets a magical rabbit and finds himself in a mysterious world of talking animal-people quickly turns into a click-fest of trying to find which random object that has been lovingly painted into the background is the thing you're trying to find (or for that matter click on).The art style and scenery is so beautiful and picturesque -- as is literally everything about the game -- that even with the help of the little magic coin you'll often find yourself going over the same maps trying to find whatever it is you missed, as things tend to blend into the foreground and background.It's a beautiful game, but a trial in frustration that feels at times a little too childish and without direction."
,Not Recommended,230820,23101710,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Webby,Puzzles make no sense in this one. Game feels very childish. Will leave it run in the background until I get the card drops.
76561198111147541,Not Recommended,230820,34756141,Posted: 5 September,all,iloveSmackma,meh
,Not Recommended,230820,26373669,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deadgirl ♡( ◡‿◡ ),"u cant actually broadcast this game on Rabbit, false advertising"
,Not Recommended,230820,30706981,Posted: 24 March,all,Goddess,"I am actually disappointed. It´s pretty much kids game. The graphics kinda nice, but the music and the whole atmosphere in general are just... nothing for me, or anybody over 8 years old I guess. It´s really boring."
,Not Recommended,230820,4119914,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,John Snow,"The worst game of Daedalic. Very disappointed in purchasing it. I try to convince myself to end the game,.. but its impossible. Boring story, pointless characters, silly dialogues and ...bugs... bugs again."
76561198040975949,Not Recommended,230820,9159373,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cruxx,"This game is less a story about magic and fantasy and more about the quirky animals in the town the story takes place in. The game is akin to ""The Wind in the Willows"" more than anything involving magic or faries or dragons. Unfortunatly that's not what I expected when I bought the game, so although the game was good, it didn't satisfy. I know there are people who will enjoy this game, my concern is that those people won't know this game exists because it doesn't market to them. Overall, use caution before buying this game. You won't be throwing fireballs to solve puzzles, you'll be performing chores for the local frogs, and rats, and owls."
76561197990087355,Not Recommended,230820,8907409,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Esarraf,"Yes It has the potential to be a great game but all the side characters are not fleshed out like the, small spoiler  Frog, Fox girl, and leprechaun are not very interesting and when you meet them later it feels bad. They are just people you meet for a few minutes. The Price is way to high and its just too short. A few of the puzzles are very dumb and make no sense. If it was longer then it would be perfect but its too short."
,Not Recommended,230820,31478794,Posted: 30 April,all,Simple Pockhead,horrible. made for third graders. F this nonsense game. 0/10
,Recommended,230820,14481920,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,repanen_,"The best game that i have ever played without a doubt! Always when i think about this game, I get goosebumps. This game has a special place in my heart<3"
,Recommended,230820,1500596,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,The3oLand,If you like a slow paced adventure with an adult twist at the end.
,Recommended,230820,9747731,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,eMPlay's Modetro,"A beautiful whimsical tale that takes you through the looking glass and down the rabbit hole, then flings you through the camel's eye."
,Recommended,230820,8509127,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,johnroman,"The game is incredibly addictive, but after going through some remaining questions. Hope come continue the game."
,Recommended,230820,9206450,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Ynguer,"Alice in Wonderland meets The Day of the Tentacle! =D100% Point-n-Click, to the point of making fun of a poor and innocent (four pieces!) sliding puzzle.Beautiful picture book art, greatly enhancing the magical atmosphere of the story and interactions.The story itself is great, innocent in its core, and yet full of suprises near the end, and many more easter eggs in the middle if                      you care to look for them.Just go for it. =)"
76561198044471503,Recommended,230820,8618413,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Roman,"It can be a bit childish or sometimes even inconsistent, but it has something more than an average game. It has a charisma. It has that magic feeling of a fairy tale, you can only experience when you are a child. While playing, it sometimes reminded me of The Longest Journey with that mystery of unknown worlds and adventures.Anyway, definitely a good one from daedalic keeping artwork to be a masterpiece and some wonderful music from Tilo Alpermann."
,Recommended,230820,8695290,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,skankityspence,"I highly recommend this game to any point and click adventure fans out there. It's very reminiscent of MI3 (Curse of Monkey Island) and although the humor is not as good - the writing is superb. It may be a little slow to explain exactly what's going on, but by the end you will be amazed at how deep and complicated the world and story is. It really was a breath of fresh air.A card game is also in the game that sidetracked me a lot because I enjoyed it so much.Highly recommended for you adventure-seekers."
76561197990783175,Recommended,230820,10151051,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Falin M'or,"Ladies and Gentlemen! Let me tell you a story!One of the greatest adventures of our time, it will take you back to the fairy tales of old; let you experience their wonder again. Together with our hero you will visit fantastic places, meet new interesting and engaging people, and befriend them on your way to becoming the true magician. All the while accompanied by the tones of wonderful music.Be warned that the problems you will face are often tricky ones, and not all is as it first appears. Take heed though, because nothing is impossible."
76561198076396971,Recommended,230820,13129369,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hatsune Miku,"This game is the most amazing fantasy game I have ever played! The scenery is gorgeous to look at, the characters are all lovable and memorable and the voice acting is at its best; and the story? Don't get me started. It’s a beautiful little adventure full of adventure, heartbreak, tenderness and most of all MAGIC! The puzzles can range from simple to challenging. Plus there are many collectibles in-game including 8 original audio stories you can listen to based off the lore of the world; Never before I seen something to be unlocked in a game! The lore of the world is vast and even though we get a handful of it I have a feeling more is to come. If you want an enchanting point and click gaming experience I HIGHLY suggest this game!"
76561198024969911,Recommended,230820,13512632,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Yendor,"Daedalic is known for excellent point-and-click adventure games, and the Night of the Rabbit is a good one. It has a deceptively cute story with some interesting plot twists and good puzzles."
,Recommended,230820,13425056,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,WitchyBaby,i really enjoyed the art style and the music while playing this game.
,Recommended,230820,5687527,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Itxaro Kefira,"Beautiful storyline, amazing art, adorable characters, mysterious foreshadowing. I have yet to complete this game, but I love it so very much already. I can't wait to open the next portal!"
,Recommended,230820,13778488,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Duchess of Kvetch,"Recommendation for maximum cuteness: play in the original German, but with English subtitles (assuming you do not actually *speak* German, like me). I wish more games had this feature."
76561198025649395,Recommended,230820,13701325,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jemiide,I think The Night of the Rabbit may be the best one of Daedlic Entertaiment games. Puzzels were really well done and the plot was interesting.
,Recommended,230820,13716676,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Raziel,Great Fun... enjoyed it till the very end
,Recommended,230820,13580640,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Clearance,"This was truely a magnificent tale. With some undertones that becomes clear, as the story progresses.And perhaps some that does not. I at least think that there are many things more to this then pops out at you.The story takes some twists and turns along the way, that are very unexpected. But still manages to follow the fine red line throughout the story. Which is great.The puzzles are a bit hard at times, so a guide is handy when you bump into these parts.Overall a great game I'd recommend to people loving an adventure. With an extraordinary soundtrack. Wow!"
,Recommended,230820,14604306,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TuxedoJonny,"Quality point-and-click adventure.  Great artwork, unique characters, fun puzzles.  5/5, would recommend."
76561198071359032,Recommended,230820,13917416,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kaseteufel,"Cute and charming, this is a story book game for adults. I really hope they make a sequal!"
,Recommended,230820,14560959,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Queen Roblin,"Fantastic, fantastic game, probably my favourite game on Steam.10/10This is the most pretties of the Deadelic games with a magical storyline.Probably for the younger gamer but I still liked it anyway."
76561198033933165,Recommended,230820,14656787,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Samerina,Beautiful. So many spiritual truths in here. But it might sound like fairy tales to you ;)
76561198099480962,Recommended,230820,16272208,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Skill2Envy,"Amazing artistic work. Good story and draws you in. A worth while journey, you wont regret going down this (Night of the) Rabbit hole!"
,Recommended,230820,15396659,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Tmark,"A really charming point & click adventure from Daedalic, the masters of storytelling."
,Recommended,230820,16049473,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,silly,Absolutely delightful.
76561198041547719,Recommended,230820,15332189,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TheAlteredMind,"An absolutely fantastic point-and-click adventure game! Honestly, it's hard to chose between this game and the Deponia Series (also by Daedalic) for my favorite point-and-click of all time.This game does seemingly everything well, if not near-perfect. Its characters are likeable, its puzzles challenging, its story captivating, and its atmosphere never fails to draw me into the game.The atmosphere of this game get special points from me because it takes me back to when I was a kid running around my backyard or the forest near my parent's house. The adventure in this game reminds me of the kind of adventures I always wished I could have when I was young. And for that, The Night of the Rabbit gets a gold star from me."
76561198169065754,Recommended,230820,16435407,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jelikidd,Fun but hard puzzle game with a great story and art
76561198064353253,Recommended,230820,16922602,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,大师鸭,"This game reminded me of The Curse of Monkey Island stylistically. However in terms of story, mood and atmosphere, I felt I was playing a click-and-point rendition of Disney's the Adventures of Ichabod and Mr Toad.There's a strong ethereal quality about this game, the beautiful artwork and soundtrack being one of the most enchanting things. The characters are quriky and well-voiced, and the story is very original. The puzzles can be perplexing at times without a guide to help, but generally the game manages to sustain itself on keeping puzzles fun and relevant to the storyline.Definetly one of my favourite click-and-point games yet."
,Recommended,230820,16591181,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Steve Rambo,Has such a nice atmosphere and reminds me of the games of my childhood.
,Recommended,230820,13100231,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Abureaucrat,"I don't tend to play point and click puzzle games much at all these days. But I do enjoy a nice slower pace and more thought intuitive experience than ""aim for the head"", ""use ability rotation #3"", or ""winnions op!""Some times I honestly prefer to sit back, relax and have an simple problem to solve in an interesting story. As far as I am concerned, The Night of the Rabbit is an exellent title for such a mood. For story sake I'll keep details to a minimum.A young boy follows through on an extraordinarily good day of his summer vacation.Now for the negative critisim, alot of the puzzles seem outright far too simple for me, and it also feels as though several are made more complexe than they aught to be. In addition to this, your character will make remarks if you are missing something. Or if it's a bad time to use it. but sometimes all you get is a shrug or just simple ""no that won't work"" without even the faintest hint as to why it won't. And it has no alternate routes, no puzzle switching between playthroughs and as thus, little to no replay value.In closure, it's a nice little thing to play a once through on a cold day where you just want to wrap up and have some calm entertainment with an imagintive tale."
76561198022696454,Recommended,230820,12256148,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cel.Mustard,"Lets see...Great storyStunning artBeautiful sound trackAmazing charactersNice puzzlesYeah... if you like point and click adventure games, this one is definitely a MUSTBeside all of this, it's also reeeeaaally nice to see some new 2D animation games being produced in HD"
,Recommended,230820,11671831,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Leraje,"I love it, it's a must play!"
,Recommended,230820,12042697,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dr_Onera,"Great implementation of a modern point-and-click adventure. The voice acting and images are great. The story is okay: the underlying deeper message of the whole game is good but the story itself failed to captivate me. But then again, I think it is more intended for a younger adience. Still, it gets my recommendation."
76561198076396456,Recommended,230820,12117757,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,fromalbion,"This game is amazing! The music, artwork and storyline make it a very enjoyable experience."
76561198096474172,Recommended,230820,11288919,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Punklemonade,"Excellent game! I have spent around 16 hours playing this beautifully animated point and click. The soundtrack also seems to fit perfectly with this enchanted world we are sent to. Contrary to what fredingue says, I found that most of the required interactions are quite logical and the storyline is really well done. Worth every cent spent."
76561198030125956,Recommended,230820,11209800,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Raf_Cian,"This point and click adventure tells a story that can be enjoyed by players of all ages; managing to take craft a world that contains the feeling of a children's tale without being written exclusively for children. Graphically it is beatiful, even when chugging along on my outdated gaming rig. Sound quality and voice acting was also well done.It isn't without it's flaws. The subplot of the story about the intrusiveness of humans on an animal's world is to be expected in a game primaryilly set in a town of talking forest animals, but it reached a point where it was too blunt in your face for even my very high suspension of disblief at one critical moment. Also, while the sound and audio quality were wonderful, it did as mentioned ""chug along"" on my outdated gaming rig leaving me uncetain on whether the quality was an issue of my system or on polish of certain sections of the game.With that said I finished the game, outdated gaming rig nonwithstanding, and would certainly recommend the story to anyone who once enjoyed the old point and click adventures from the playstation; it's a wonderful story, and the optional ""collectables"" gives my OCD a nice rewarding scritch. Anyone wanting to get the game for their children is encouraged to play through it first themselves; not only do I believe anyone would enjoy this story, but what is appropirate for your children is a judgement call you should make yourself and not rely entirely on a thirty something single man behind the computer."
,Recommended,230820,11360013,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Yabadabadooo,Warm-hearted interactive story puzzler.  Satisfaction equivalent to watching a 20+ hour movie/novel.
76561198060144360,Recommended,230820,11471651,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,LightningSkunk,"Really awesome, especially if you like the rpg point and click genre.The only downside is how difficult this game is, some of the puzzles require a prod in the right direction from a walkthrough online. My only advice is that you usually use the items you got on-screen for the most part of the puzzles.Other than that, it's really good! The ending will give you some last twists too!"
76561198039857665,Recommended,230820,4617240,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,K@3P†NK0€®K,"IN SHORT ... ""THE WHISPERED WORLD"" IS NO LONGER MY NUMBER  1.IN THE DAEDALIC-HOUSE !! \m/\m/A MUST HAVE"
,Recommended,230820,11041902,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,AdmZaarin,"Let me start by saying that this is not Daedalic's best game, but let me quickly follow that by saying it is still a fantastic game. Night of the Rabbit has a beautiful art style that is very evocative of childhood (think Winnie the Pooh) yet is far from childish. It also has a gorgeous soundtrack (do not miss out on this!). If you have children, Night of the Rabbit is certainly Daedalic's most child-friendly title (as opposed to Deponia, which is a terrific game but overflowing with innuendo)--no bad language, no innuendo, relatively straightforward puzzles. I feel that Night of the Rabbit has three weaknesses, however: its story is somewhat predictable (not necessarily in a bad way, but many of Daedalic's titles such as Deponia or The Whispered World have very surprising endings), it gets a little preachy with its environmental message (not that the message is bad, but no one appreciates being clubbed over the head with it), and the idea of using magic was cool but dramatically underutilized. Nevertheless, I recommend Night of the Rabbit simply to enjoy the beautiful art and music--it really is an experience."
,Recommended,230820,11110692,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lucid,"Just played through to completion, got all achievements except for one.  ""A Good Hand"" is glitched.  I played and won against everyone, twice for good measure, and still no :(That aside, Night of the Rabbit has some great artwork that is accented well by the immersive storty.  It has a lot of the hallmarks of a traditional point-and-click adventure.  They do waste a lot of time with pauses and slow-moving dialogues, and there are some rough spots to the engine (Lags on some setups, like mine.  Turning down the graphics and setting to windowed mode helped. - Radeon HD 7800 series, 8core cpu, 8gb ram).I picked this game up as part of a Humble Bundle, but after playing it through I would set my maximum price around $10.  Currently, it is $20 on steam.. and it would be worth that if they fixed the lag and glitched achievements.Oh, and if you do not get ""Card Collector"", try exiting and reloading.  Worked for me."
76561198141300367,Recommended,230820,11892358,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Smoogilicious,"Really enjoyed this game. I'm not that superb at point and clicks but I find them delightful. This one was incredibly beautiful, with a lovely soundtrack and an awesome voice cast! Occasionally it was glitchy, but nothing bad enough to prevent me from playing it again. I really enjoyed the story line and really would love a sequel!!"
76561197987436982,Recommended,230820,11945981,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Vertix,"I've been playing Point and Clicks since I was five. Some of my earliest memories are trying to find the right sized floppy disk of King's Quest 5 so I could keep playing the darn thing and maybe see if there's a chance to kill cedric. My point is, I've played a lot of point and clicks, so I know what I like and what I want out of one.Night of the Rabbit is pretty damn close to being exactly what I want- a point and click with gorgeous art and atmosphere, good characters, and a nice story. The problem lies a bit in the exectution.While the art is gorgeous, there's not a lot of animation to be found. The characters mostly stay in one spot and bob their heads to talk, even during the cutscenes. While this isn't unforgivable, it does tend to detract somewhat from the visuals after a few hours. It kind of leaves you a bit taken out of the moment when the sprites never really change their appearence despite what's going on around them. Emotion has to be conveyed soley through the voice acting, which can be hit or miss.The puzzles range from logical to 'okay, if I didn't know about the first haiku ever written how in the nine hells was I supposed to know how to solve this puzzle?'. While this isn't exactly a deal breaker for me (I grew up playing King's Quest, I'm used to nonsensical) it can be a bit annoying. The other complaint I have about the puzzles is that they will frequently rely on you having an item you didn't even know existed in the game. Key items can be a bit hard to find in the densly packed backgrounds. While I'm glad the game didn't do the hand holding glowing cursor fix for aquireable items most adventure games now do, it was still a bit hard to process sometimes.It's also a bit upsetting that there's no real trial and error (except for one bit near the end) and Jerry will often refuse to do an action if it's not going to work. While I understand that not everyone is as masochistic as I am, it wouldn't hurt to let us screw things up every now and again. I'm not saying that I need full on dead end situations, but a little fustration can be good in a game. There's one puzzle involving a door that would be easy to instigate a trial and error situation and not screw the player over in the process.Near the end there's a few puzzles like that, thankfully, but it was too little to late for me.The journeying to other worlds mechanic is sadly lacking- I was chomping at the bit to explore a celtic-lore themed world only to find that the place (and indeed all the other non-hub worlds) consist of a mere two screens. Dissapointing to say the least.The sound can be a bit buggy- dialouge will sometimes bunch up or just skip, so I really hope you're playing with subtitles on. A few times Jerry would start an animation to do something and then just stop- but repeated clicking seemed to fix the problem.The story was wonderful, but it almost all gets lumped into the final cutscene. This was hugely dissapointing because as I said it's a very good plot- it's just hard to process it all when it's given to you in a densely packed cube of information at the end. I would have loved to see it metted out more over the course of the game, as you would expect a point and click to do. We aren't here for the gameplay, so the story better be pretty freaking awesome and well executed to keep us here. There's also some pretty weighty plot threads left dangling, which in a game that I'm not sure will ever get a sequel is nearly unforgiveable.Even with all of this I do find myself enjoying the game quite a bit- there's a lot of extras and fun things to be found in here. I think it might even be a lot of fun to play with a younger child, although I haven't had the opportunity to do so yet. I'm actually quite looking forward to a sequel, should it get one, and hope that it would expand on the world traveling aspect of the game and perhaps not wait until the final moment to really get into the plot.All in all I would recommend buying the game, but I'm not sure I would recommend buying it at full price. I myself bought it on sale, and hope that you would do the same."
76561198123242744,Recommended,230820,11866549,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,stepho-opp,this game is a true masterpiece. the music and animation is trully a piece of art.
76561198043887343,Recommended,230820,13397354,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sad Simba,"The Night of the Rabbit is a splendid point-and-click adventure. The storytelling, aesthetics, and puzzle-centric gameplay are all somewhere between solid and outstanding. In all, it's like playing through a really good children's book, complete with lovable characters, sinister villains, and some surprisingly complex moral lessons.Right off the bat, when you start playing this game, you will notice one of the game's biggest strengths--the lovely visuals. The Night of the Rabbit is simply beautiful. And even though each screen features a tremendous amount of detail, the game's various areas never seem cluttered. Important points of interest, such as items to pick up and tools to manipulate, are subtly and effectively foregrounded so that most (but not all) will draw your notice quickly as you explore new places.The gorgeous environments go a long way toward shaping this game's effective atmosphere, as does its stellar music. Just listen to the title music at some point--it's lovely, evocative, and downright moving. Regardless of where you are in the game, you will be tempted to slow down and simply look and listen. The orchestrations usually focus on one or two instruments (such as fiddle, flute, or xylophone), and the music definitely carries a live-recorded vibe.But while the game's visuals and atmosphere might be impressive, the game's single greatest strength is in its splendid cast of characters. It's hard to describe, but each and every character truly belongs in this game. Many of the characters can come off as a little one-dimensional at first, but as the game goes on, those same characters receive much greater depth and complexity in most cases (such as Steinberg the dwarf, the Little Man in the Green Hat, and the ornery hare patriarch). The game's cast of rounded, interesting characters even extends to its main villains and heroes. Jerry Hazelnut is not a simple character a la Link from the old Legend of Zelda games. And neither is his mentor, the Marquis de Hoto (and title rabbit)--or his eventual enemies.The game also features excellent voice acting, which helps deepen the portrayal of the broad and varied cast of characters. Although there are a few oddly read lines here and there, and the subtitle text sometimes differs slightly from the spoken dialogue, the voice acting in this game is really well done overall. The voices for the different characters are as unique and interesting as they are, and the voices blend well into the fabric of the game's world and sense of storytelling. I can't imagine playing this game without listening to the characters' voices.No point-and-click adventure can succeed without a top-shelf story, and The Night of the Rabbit definitely delivers the goods in this area. The story is rich and interesting, although the overarching plot can get a little confusing at times. This is one of those games that constantly promises that ""all will be explained in time,"" and while most of the game's action doesn't depend on the purposefully obscure plotlines for meaning, it can still seem a little overbearing to go through so much of the game without understanding what is happening on a meta level. You don't even get a clear sense of who the bad guys are or might be until about halfway through the game.In addition, the game is a little heavy on the front and back ends. There are too many layers of framing around the game in the beginning, and while the game does a nice job of integrating its tutorial so that it doesn't seem completely like a pointless exercise, you will wish the game would just step aside and let you play at first. The game's ending, too, features a lot of text and a lot of story exposition--mostly because the makers of the game save so much of the villains' backstory and motivation for the final sequences.Nevertheless, The Night of the Rabbit's story somehow manages to live up to its lofty promises. By the end of the game, you really do feel as though you understand all the vagueries the game plagued you with earlier. The roles of the mysterious characters, the identity and purpose of the villains, and your role in bringing a peaceful resolution all come clearly into light at the game's conclusion. That said, I'd say the story's greatest strength is that it doesn't rap up every loose end or explain away every detail. Some characters who are in need at the game's outset are still in need at the game's end. Your actions don't solve every single problem in the game's world--they just show how so many problems can be dealt with through the power of community, friendship, and selflessness.As a point-and-click adventure, this game requires a methodical approach. If you look everywhere and pay close attention to the game's visual details and textual clues, you can probably progress pretty smoothly. Most of the game's puzzles are highly intuitive, if you can remember which items you have and what the game's context clues suggested those items might be used for. The few times I checked a walkthrough for help, it always turned out that I was on the right track, and it was just the method I was messing up. That is a slight problem though--sometimes you can't easily figure out how to complete puzzles even though you know you're holding the right materials. A few puzzles are a little finicky or require an unintuitive arrangement of steps to complete.Furthermore, the game's richest gameplay segments come at the beginning and middle. As the game goes on, and you finish exploring the core areas of the world, the game becomes much more linear. Once you reach the point where the game is introducing one new area at a time, you are likely done with the game's most interesting puzzles. Still, the end game's new areas and characters are just as fascinating as those from earlier in the game--and sometimes even more so.The gameplay also struggles with some pacing issues. Jerry just kind of meanders from place to place regardless of plot context, and there are awkwardly long pauses between many lines of dialogue. The farther you get into the game, the more rough-around-the-edges the animations and loaded events (like subtitles/dialogue) get. But overall, if you can adapt to the game's slow-ish pace, your experience will be that much richer for it.So yeah, The Night of the Rabbit is essentially an interactive storybook--a good story told by a masterful storyteller. It's lovely, it's deep, and it carries a surprisingly mature message: avoid humanity's darker instincts for selfishness and greed, learn to live peacefully with your friends and neighbors, and nothing is impossible."
76561198105722070,Recommended,230820,14813327,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Oikawa,10/10 would play againsome of these puzzles wrecked my small♥♥♥♥♥brain tho
,Recommended,230820,15201306,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Entze,The game has a deeper story than it looks from the outside!
,Recommended,230820,15458605,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Taev,"Great story, great music, great art!"
,Recommended,230820,16294346,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,kilasco,"This game has been one of my favorties. Simply gorgeous visually with an equally appealing story. The whole game has an enchanting appeal that truely feels otherworldly. As for the game mechanics, it is obviously a standard point-and-click with the classic puzzles that help you work your way through the main story line. Expect to gather items and combine them either together or as an interaction with the enviroment. The Night of the Rabbit again is splendid and to not give too much away, I'll leave it at that."
,Recommended,230820,16264520,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,d1os_enzo,"This is a great game. The plot is interesting and the art style is so cool. It can get a little tedious at times, like when you can't figure out what to do, but that's what walkthoughs are for. It does not have much in the way of replay-ability, but that's not what point and click games are for. The game is very well done and dosn't have many characters that leave you wondering why they put them in the game. If you haven't played this game you should. It's well worth the price."
,Recommended,230820,15040440,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,EvilRamenNoodle,"""How to make a great point and click adventure game.""This truely was a great story with doosying puzzles and great story telling. This is one mystery that was breathtaking to uncover. I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys this genre of games."
76561198080059236,Recommended,230820,14928026,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sorrowful Cheshire,I Highly Recomend this Game. Its another one of Daedalic's Masterpieces. The Game is Rich with Story and you Can Challange Everyone You See to a Mini Game that is loads of fun. Also the Quick Travel Sytem is Very Ueful.I Highly Recomend this Game As Grand Adventure of Jeremiah Hazelnut on hi Way to Becom A Great Magican.
,Recommended,230820,14930304,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,"Buy this game. Don't think about buying it, just do it, experience it, beat it, go outside, because anything is possible on a summer day."
,Recommended,230820,14949332,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,mikromess,"One of the best daedelics games I think: very interesting story, good puzzles, nice graphics. The main characters: the boy and the rabbit are very cute. Played this game with a great pleasure!"
,Recommended,230820,14301450,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,paddelmaster,"Beautiful artwork, interesting tale, Daedalic... everything I appreciate in a point-and-click-adventure!"
,Recommended,230820,13638719,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,madonnalal,A fun wimsical pixel hunter which reminds one of Wind in the Willows. A good family game.
76561198072428545,Recommended,230820,6687557,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,top sharko,"I don't know what to say about this game. It's amazingly clever, has beautiful hand-drawn environments to explore, and a cast of voices that really drive the story forward to an amazing ending and a sequel that is so far unannounced. Basically, you need to buy it and experience this wonder of a game yourself. Maybe watch the beginning on youtube to make sure it's a game you'd like to play. Now go buy it."
76561197980260196,Recommended,230820,8063907,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,mrx78u,"Retro feeling point and click type adventure game. Reminds me of Day of the tentacle, etc for any gamers old enough to remember those. The artwork is fantastic, the game has stong characters and an engaging storyline. Well worth playing."
76561198094850343,Recommended,230820,7793775,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Poo'dPiper,So pretty and thoughtful. I love this game and it's currently the longest played game I own :)
,Recommended,230820,8295310,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,deaddemise,"I really love this game, the art and the music are really beautiful. I like the story it's really dramatic. It starts off really playful in the beginning, but towards the end it becomes dark and twisted. I just finished the game and I really hope there will be a sequel.The puzzles arent too difficult, alot of the puzzles are fairly simple to figure out. However I think a few of the puzzles require really wierd logic and are almost impossible to figure out without a guide. Its not too big a deal though, I only noticed this in the puzzles toward the end. You also dont get very useful tips from the NPC's either when you ask for help.Other than that this game is perfect. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good point and click game. This was definitely worth the money. Even if I payed the full 19.99 for this game I'd still be very satisfied with my purchase."
76561198118422201,Recommended,230820,12532200,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Yetti,So Good!
76561198040640709,Recommended,230820,12473496,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,lookslikeano1,"totally anthrawling from start to finish some of the puzzles are a bit difficult but with enough thought about what you have, love the day night cycle later on really makes things from earlier on click right away when its introduced. lovely drawn art style that recaptures the magic of the lucas arts point and clicks of the 90s for me."
,Recommended,230820,7658228,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Majin,"Daedalic once again delivers another amazing adventure game. Night of the Rabbit is in the vein of many fables and fairytales, while still containing Daedalic's penchant for serious themes later in the story. The quality of the writing and animation is very high and the game is packed with a series of audio shorts and other extras."
,Recommended,230820,12677900,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,duckie2206,"you know, i started playing this game because final fantasy was down for the night, and i actually found this enjoyable."
76561197994399663,Recommended,230820,13287759,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sparkly Bear,"The best way for me to enjoy the game was to have the walkthrough minimized on another screen. There were a couple times when I wanted to punch the 'puzzle' designers in the face. Or stick them in a locked room with a handful of random objects and a short, obnoxious, repeating soundbyte. On the whole not horrible though, averaged about 1 'hint' for every hour of play.The story is what kept me going but I had to roll my eyes at the ending for a few reasons. Through the game they were pretty good about layering in hints as to certain things so you would get a sense of what was going on. However at the end of the game the entire plot is dumped on you in a long cutscene. Why include all those hints if you didn't want us to pick up on them? Additionally while I do like the characters and understand why the entire series would be broken up I feel that much more of the arc could be covered in a single game if every trivial step wasn't so obscenely convoluted. The last stinger actually made me excited and want to play the next game though, I will certainly consider picking it up when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,230820,13265513,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hawk,"Wonderfully charming, cute and clever game, great story, fantastic art work, good fun. Would certainly recommend for all ages."
,Recommended,230820,24377156,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,zaphodikus,"For a game you don't pay for, it is very passable.Cons: I found it to be much like ""The whispered world"" in that it was pedantic, you are forced to listen to a narrator natter away, and then in a very linear fashion figure out which element to combine with which, none of which amounts to a ""story"". Rather distracting and actually about as much fun to play as any other free game, requires time. In comparison I somewhat more enjoyed ""A new Beginning"" over ""The Night of the Rabbit"" despite it's better artwork. Feels like I'm just fetching stuff and combining items, not actually spinning any kind of story or making choices.Pros:Install it if you have a boring weekend ahead of you and want to soak up some briliant hand-drawn art and a jolly soundtrack. Definitely has appeal for the younger generation. And was free."
76561198063553602,Recommended,230820,24414662,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SilentOutlaw,"It has a good story, nice voice acting, music and above all heart. Realy enjoyed this one.Only one glaring issue (as with some other Daedalic games): sometimes text skips on it's own in super speed. This shou;ld be fixed. other than that didn't had any problems."
,Recommended,230820,24285569,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,Another triumph for Daedelic
76561197985802483,Recommended,230820,24218281,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zyankalium,Awesome plot twist!
76561198052363103,Recommended,230820,23725144,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Knightmon X,Best point and click adventure I've played it a good long while. Great music fun art tough but fun puzzles. i can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,230820,23745890,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LazinessForever,"This game is beautiful; from the animations to the voice acting to the sound effects. The plotline itself is solid and interesting with how you're set in the magical world of Mousewood to learn to be a magician and go on an adventure. It really keeps your attention and makes you want to play more. You can really tell that the devs put a lot of love and care into this game.There are a good number of collectibles in the game as well, with 3 different types of collectibles to find. The only thing I can really think to complain about, and it's not much of a big deal, is that some of the puzzles aren't as clear cut. But that just adds to the challenge, otherwise it was a very relaxing game. And for a point-and-click, it has such an amazing amount of content as opposed to a number of other point-and-clicks I've played in the past.Definitely a recommended game if you're a fan of point-and-click games!"
76561198098453214,Recommended,230820,23599964,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Antivenom,"A classy, timeless, well written, and somewhat-cheesy, point-and-click game.A tale of a simple child who aspires on becoming a magician evolves into a deep, intriguing, and even depressing story with subtle messages that hints at humanity's inherent ignorance of the environment.A must have for those looking to lose oneself in an adventure with talking furry animals, magic, mysticism, and simple human kindness. Despite its cartoony outlook, it has some deep story elements and the puzzles can be difficult. Also minor bugs are present in regards to the speech and dialogue throughout the game, but nothing game-breaking/crashing.Not a fan of magic and mysticism? Worry not, it's a good point-and-click game nonetheless. Check it out!"
76561198080094524,Recommended,230820,23868779,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ItsVicky101,I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The story is amazing and the side quests are enough to keep you amused for an extra bunch of hours. I definately recommend this game.
76561198020474979,Recommended,230820,23969495,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,biglu,Great story with atmosphere that really sells it. One of the best adventure gamess.
,Recommended,230820,22875755,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Retardistic_Purse,"If you like point and click games with a great variety of details, a young boy being a hero and more cute details you should play this game! I got it in a bundle together with other Daedalic games and it was really nice to play.The puzzles weren't that difficult (and I am bad in things like these) but still tricky, my overall play time was 12 hours."
,Recommended,230820,22808623,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Duhh,like the bg design
76561198094348794,Recommended,230820,22729090,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Faylen,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. The art/character design is beautiful, and the story is fantastic. I highly recommend it to point-and-click connoisseurs."
76561198123660543,Recommended,230820,22776882,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Anacondaddy,SEQUEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198040741357,Recommended,230820,20811669,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Othello,"This game is extremely charming and well worth your time. The art is great. The music is lovely. The voice acting is stellar. The story is compelling and far more substantial than it first appears. Finally, I'm fairly new to point and click adventure games, but I found the game play to be challenging enough to feel rewarding but was generally not so hard (read: idiosyncratic) as to be frustrating.I would also note that I found the tone of this game to a little disjointed. It starts with pretty, melancholy music on the title screen and an opening cut scene with an enigmatic creepy dude in a misty labyrinth talking in riddles. Then, all of a sudden, we're in Winnie the Pooh meets Brian Jacques' Redwall meets (Disney's) Alice in Wonderland. As the game progresses and the stakes become clearer, some of the plot points dialog, voice acting, and music take a rather creepy turn (relatively speaking; this is a game about a 12 year old boy and some talking animals, not Silent Hill) while Jerry, for the most part, continues to cheerfully march through the game. Normally, I think I would find this to be off-putting or immersion-breaking, but, for some reason, it seems to contribute to Night of the Rabbit's weird charm."
,Recommended,230820,22258339,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,suky,"Beautiful! Nice world they've created, voices good, point and click puzzles are satisfying and are intelligible enough of the time."
76561198041758423,Recommended,230820,22239460,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Owli Sketches,"This game is soooo fun and cute!!! I absolutely love the art! The story is amazing and strange, I love all the little statues and animals!!! Sooooo many little areas to explore!"
76561198047492053,Recommended,230820,22108063,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,MRLia,"Beautiful graphics, fun to play, interesting story. Very fun to play"
,Recommended,230820,22012124,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Foxy-Sierra,I feel like a child lost in wonderland. This game is so good and worth every penny! ~<3
,Recommended,230820,22018927,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Friska,"This is the game that introduced me to the awesomeness that is Daedalic Entertainment, and is still my favorite out of all their games. A whimsical story with charming and mysterious characters, this game promises to take you on a huge adventure! My only complaint would have to be some of the fetch quests, and sometimes it's easy to get stuck. The plot, storybook-like cutscenes and soundtrack (seriously, it's one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a long time) make up for any flaws.My suggestion however is to please, please make the soundtrack available as a buyable DLC? If I'd known how amazing the music would have been I would have saved up to buy the premium edition!Also I hope there is more to come, there's still a lot of questions that need to be answered! I understand the need for some mysteries to remain unsolved, but I mean, with an ending like that? Come on! The audiobooks only seem to confirm that there is a whole world yet to be discovered, and I'm sure I'm not the only one who wants to find out more.Basically: If you like point-and-click adventures with a really good story, this is a must-have. And don't repeat my mistake; for the love of all that is good, buy it in premium edition so you can have the soundtrack."
76561198157413856,Recommended,230820,22029559,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,gahmcf,"Another great title from Daedalic! The narrative is fairly simple, clearly intended to be friendly to a younger audience, but it had the charm of some of my favorite childhood fantasy stories, such as Redwall or Harry Potter, that I think still appeals to many adults. The mechanics are what you'd expect for any point & click game, so no surprises there. Nothing too challenging here, which was somewhat disappointing; then again, too great of a challenge might have detracted from the childlike wonder this game is meant to instill. Thoroughly wonderful experience!"
,Recommended,230820,22221605,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,NIИ,"This is one of the best point-and-click adventure games I've ever played! The artwork is gorgeous, the music is immersive, and the the story is so beautiful I almost didn't want it to end.9.5/10"
,Recommended,230820,22159702,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,harunafuu,"The Night of the Rabbit is a nice short game that tells us a nice short tale. The graphics are very lovely and the soundtrack fits the atmosphere nicely. I absolutely loved the Quartett game, because it reminded me of my childhood (my parents used to play this card game with me a lot). And the story really progresses in a good pace after you learn your basic magic spells.I did like quite most of the riddles, but a few of them were so hard, I had to look the solution up on the net. And sometimes, there were just too many riddles, so that the story wasn't really progressing in the beginning of the game.I always thought I loved Point and Click games, but I think I would have been much more happier if I could have moved the main character by not clicking. But that's just a preference.All in all it's a solid and charming game, especially the last part was incredibly good! The end may or may not have hinted that there could be a sequel, but let's see. :D"
76561198091389301,Recommended,230820,21956254,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SIlent Flame,Really fun with a really enthralling story and lots of attention to detail(try finding all 32 morning dews). I definitely recommend this game
76561198287707779,Recommended,230820,22124740,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,sarahjanewieling,Loved this game. Cute story and a fun game to play. No Cursing or Violence. It was a nice game to play with quest to hunt things down. I took my time and enjoyed every bit of it.
,Recommended,230820,26221215,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,혼자,The story was amazing. Can't understand the people that don't like it. :-)
,Not Recommended,230820,26252399,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,6twistedbiscuits,"It's a beautiful looking game and the rabbit looks mysterious, cool and interesting. I'd love to play more just to find out the deal with the rabbit.The game play is a nuisance and the main character is so disgustingly wholesome it makes the game unplayable."
76561197993060918,Recommended,230820,26585661,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aquinas,7.5/10
76561198048864031,Recommended,230820,26503752,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Colonel,Fun. Simple. Enterting enoungh. Good game to killing the time.
,Recommended,230820,26706346,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tsokura,"This Game is just breathtaking, The Music, the scenes and pictures that u are going to see, the story all in one just a win for you, if u gonna buy this game :D !!At the beginning I was a bit sceptical. But after the first 1 hour, i couldnt stop playing it and  I finished the game at the same evening.The Puzzles were really good (although this game is for kids of an age of 3 or more. i really needed some time at some of the puzzles :D i dont know if it was just too late for my brain, or if a 21 years old person really needs that long for puzzles that were ment for kids ^^')I can recomend this game to everybody, who loves games with a good story, amazing music and scenes and a lot of brainwork ;)"
76561198031559502,Recommended,230820,26698621,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dark Nyx,"If you are looking for a fun fairy tale point and click then look no further. I love the story, and (spoilers) it's a game that leaves you wanting more. If there's a sequel for this game I would jump to buy it."
76561198314066753,Recommended,230820,28550811,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,hedfuc,Cute and long
76561198301159818,Recommended,230820,28215580,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Jade Dragon,A lot of fun
,Recommended,230820,28268665,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,FusterCluckie,"This is quite the amazing story. It's not just a game, but story/art/game all wrapped up in a nice package.It's well layed out with a great storyline that keeps you questioning where it's going to go next. As well as puzzles that always have you coming back to revisit all over. This is very nice as it doesn't seem like the game is too linear and holding your hand throughout it."
76561198075436424,Recommended,230820,28268126,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,FableRuleR,It is so beautiful !
,Recommended,230820,28686845,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lemmysir,"Another good adventure game by Daedalic. I sure am happy with my bundle.Loved the story, the characters and the easter eggs.The game has some flaws of which most are probably to do with me and my machine, but overall it is a great game.Pros:- Interesting story- Great characters- Simple controls- Easter eggs?- No annoying puzzlesCons:- Some minor issues with game performance (probably my fault tbh)- A card game inside the game gets boring fast (but you don't have to play it if you're not hunting for the achievement)"
76561198301499572,Recommended,230820,23149906,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,inevitable.melody,"I bought the Daedalic Adventure Bundle on sale for $5 and was starting to regret it - I didn't like Edna & Harvey or The Whispered World at all. But Night of the Rabbit is fantastic. Although it looks childlike, there are certain scary/disturbing elements throughout the game that would make me not recommend it for younger kids.Pros:- Artwork. I just love the art style and each scene is full of things to look at. The final cut scene is especially great.- Voicework. Jerry's voice is great, as are most of the other voices. I do wish they had added more variation, as it's very obvious sometimes when one voice actor is voicing other characters.- Length. I'm used to playing free P&C games, so this is the longest P&C I've ever played (ignore my gameplay stats...I fell asleep to this game a lot). And you don't have to worry about waiting for a sequel to find out what happens (although I totally am). The story here works as a standalone.- Replayability. There are ""side missions"" to do that are not necessary to the main story. I didn't find all the dew drops or stickers, so I wouldn't mind playing again.Cons:- Puzzles. Sometimes nonsensical. Sometimes you can't do a certain action because it's not the right time yet. I did have to check a walkthrough 5 times.- Mr. Churchmouse. It's kind of irritating clicking through his dialogue because he has these long pauses when he talks to his son.- Humbert. Just really annoying. Too annoying.Score: 9/10"
76561197998975393,Recommended,230820,23494867,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,aaronwells,"Description: This is a whimsical point-and-click adventure about an 11-year-old boy who wants to be a magician. Exploring the woods near his house on one of the last days of summer, he encounters a talking magic rabbit who offers to train him to be a magician. The rabbit then whisks them away to a quaint miniature village populated by talking mice, where most of the game takes place.Verdict: I loved it! Great atmosphere, great art, great story, great voice-acting, great music, great puzzles, great everything! The setting was charming without being twee. The story was funny with just the right amount of serious darkness and wonder. The puzzles, for the most part, made sense and were self-evident once I'd considered my remaining inventory items and options.The only downside was one or two puzzles with ridiculous unguessable solutions, but even then, there were fewer of those than in most point-and-click adventure games.So I certainly recommend getting this one."
,Recommended,230820,23477167,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,"Whether you're a kid getting a taste for adventure games or an older enthusiast of the genre, this game is beautiful to look at and might be one of the best bedtime stories ever told or played."
76561198057345541,Recommended,230820,23196066,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nat ❤,"This was a very relaxing game. The puzzles weren't too hard to grasp, and the characters were very loveable and humorous. Lots of cute collecting, and I especially loved the collective stories that were all narriated. I defintely recommend this game if you're looking for something story driven, or if you need a break from the fast action packed games. So far, the games from this developer have no been disappointing."
76561198116560780,Recommended,230820,22369058,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,angelawhostaysindoors,Entertaining game :)
76561198001433541,Recommended,230820,23041989,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,st.aurora,Some things really didn't make any sence at all. But over all the game was alright.
,Recommended,230820,23135182,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,𝔉𝔞𝔢𝔯𝑦𝔞𝔩𝔩,"Pros :1.Artwork and Characters -One of the primary reasons I bought this game is because I fell in love with the artwork. Incredibly detailed, colorful and very appealing at first glance; I only wish I could draw this beautifully. I can only imagine the amount of dedication that must have gone into each of the landscapes, and they're scenic enough to make me want to settle in Mousewood for good.A good amount of thought also went into character design it seems, for each of the Mousewood inhabitants (as well as tourists) are unique in both personality and looks. The voice actors have done a FANTASTIC job in portraying some of the key features of their characters, and will often have you giggling at their silliness. Such is the appeal of these characters that I could not help but take a liking to them, even some of the annoying ones.The game, for me, held true to my belief that to truly sway a gamer's attention in your favor, you must at least be able to influence their feelings with your characters and your storyline.2.No hints -This is more of a personal preference in playing a game without hints, as it makes solving riddles and quests more challenging (both of which are present in abundance in the game). If you're truly stuck, however, you can always resort to online guides.3.Layered Storyline -The aspect of story progression I found most appealing was how often it required you to help the inhabitants of your surroundings; as is common with games like these, sometimes you cannot finish one quest without, say, an item, from a different quest. It tests your memory and ends up being more helpful than linear gameplay, unless you enjoy the latter more. I found myself getting increasingly sadder as the plot drew to a close, much to my surprise.Cons :None whatsoever. Even the card mini-game, which I found to be a little arduous at first, was interesting enough once I started paying attention to it's underlying mechanism - guesswork, mostly. It has the potential to be quite fun too, if you're a fan of simple card games (unlike me)."
76561198005829639,Recommended,230820,23130253,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Xindy Kawai,"Absolutelly Magestic.One of the best point'n'click I ever played. The story is simply brilliant, the enigms, just hard enough. Totally worth the price by far and beyound. For those who like this kind of game will be pleased with incredible decors, scenery, story and puzzles, a true delight!Also, the music is simply wonderful, I still hear it when I'm not playing!A masterpiece if you ask me!"
76561197980650229,Recommended,230820,21639052,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pendragon,"I really enjoyed the charm of this game. I find Daedlic games a bit hit and miss but this is an excellent adventure game. A must buy for fans of the point and click genre,"
76561197998475224,Recommended,230820,21698673,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mrhuth,"Night of the Rabbit is probably the best point and click I played in many years, with its sound track, storyline, and voice acting.Pros:-Sound Track is amazing. I would recommend buying the special edition to just get the sound track and children stories that comes with it.-The story is amazing, it kept me engaged from the start and I was sad to have finished it. Moments there are many jokes with how you solve the puzzles, and there are many sad moments later on in the game as you are able to access more than just the two main worlds.Cons-Later on in the game, the game would crash and slow down. Had to do a puzzle at a time and then save and reload the game from having it crash.http://www.gog.com/forum/the_night_of_the_rabbit/game_keeps_hanging_or_crashingNot sure if they ever patched it, as I finished the game before I had to have it patched."
76561198146944021,Recommended,230820,21799785,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Brunt Unsub,Exceptional storytelling. Great art. Superb voice acting. 10 out of 10!
76561198018825810,Recommended,230820,21340321,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,papersaltserver,Game based on the brightest moments of everyone's childhood.
76561198056363740,Recommended,230820,9132229,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Balin93,"This game, is in the top 3 of my favourite point n'click games."
,Recommended,230820,7444617,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,SecretClover,"The Night of the Rabbit is an interesting adventure game with a storline like no other.  As you assist Jeramiah Hazlenut in his quest to help the citizens of Mouseville, clues are laid out in plain sight for you to use to help in various situations, but do not feel discouraged if you cannot complete the quests without a walkthough.  I had a difficult time figuring out the puzzles and quests myself for a good part of the game, but if you focus on the curious characters and where the story is leading to, you will be as hooked as I was, no matter how frusterated you become."
76561198282079966,Recommended,230820,21707171,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,clint7v,"The Night of the Rabbit has a wonderful story with great artwork. It took me a little over 19 hours to play through the game, and that's with being stumped many times. Many of the things you must do to progress the game you will not think of at first, and so the game can seem really tedious at times. You'll spend hours walking around the map thinking you missed picking up some item, only to find out later that you had the item you just didn't realize you could use it in the way the game wanted you to. I would say you need to be a patient person to play this game. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, even though I was frustrated many many times."
76561198076073276,Recommended,230820,21744810,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,"WHACK internet, sorry :'(","So far, so good. Loving the art style and the attention to detail. The walkthrough is very cute and makes you feel like you are going on an adventure. Even the first challenge was quite cool as there was a riddle to solve. It actually took me a while XD"
76561197991952543,Recommended,230820,20407973,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,chrismax2,"Lovely storyline, I don't review any games normally but this one is probally the best Adventure game I have ever played. Some little bugs but they are very minor and does not stop you playing.  Do what you must to finish the game to really fully enjoy it."
76561198144593917,Recommended,230820,21536624,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"Night of the Rabbit is a very charming point and click that is almost like an interactive children's story book. It has its flaws, but I'd recommend it overall, especially (but not exclusively) to younger people. I think the game's ideal audience might be 12 year olds or so, but the young at heart can also enjoy it.Pros:+ Great artwork. Not only is it good, it really suits the game and makes it look like illustrations in a storybook--the good kind that you'll always have a soft spot in your heart for+ Voice acting is also good, and suits the game well+ Overall, most of the point and click puzzles are pretty good. Not too many are nonsensical or overly frustrating--though the in-game ""hint"" system is awful. You may need to consult a walkthrough a couple of times.+ Story and setting are very creative. This game is not your standard genre cliche.+ Story is very good and features some nice twistsCons:- Game can be a little boring. The game is more charming and imaginative than it is exciting or action-packed- Interactions with characters are a bit one-dimensional and at times reminded me of the shallow interactions on a children's TV show. The main story has some depth, but the ""everyday"" interactions are not very good. There is none of the grittiness behind characters that you see in many games.- Pacing of the story is off. The game really drags at spots, and on the other hand huge chunks of story blow past in the ending cutscene. You spend most of the game guessing at what's going on, then everything is revealed all at once."
,Recommended,230820,21244543,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lamadog,"""Nothing is impossible""A truly  excellent game"
76561198052465212,Recommended,230820,21545268,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zahrada40,"It's been a while I played this game, but I still remember it very vividly and fondly. It's one of the best adventure games I played. It has the atmosphere of some of the adventure games from 90's. It's well written and poetic. Nice to watch. It reminds me of childhood. The only downside is a very few puzzles that didn't actualy make sense. Apart from that, excelent title."
,Recommended,230820,21236742,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bunderella,"Night off the rabbit is a very captivating point and click adventure. It has very dynamic charachters, room for sequels, and displays lovely and inviting graphics and scenery. I am very impressed with this game, and enjoyed the extra bits like collecting adorable stickers, and shining dew drops. Night of the rabbit offers enough difficulty to keep you hooked without being too hard. I highly reccomend this game to everyone!"
76561198060476869,Recommended,230820,29452199,Posted: 23 January,all,karealin,"Original and interesting story, beautiful art, fun game, highly recommended."
76561198141750632,Recommended,230820,29290498,Posted: 15 January,all,b0b0,"Game with great hand drawn graphics, sounds and atmospheres."
,Recommended,230820,28814467,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Theese,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish. The art and graphic style are so fresh and easy on the eyes. Colourful, detailed, and atmospherically diverse from screen to screen. The Night of the Rabbit is currently my favourite point and click adventure game right now. I would definitely reccomend it to anyone fond of the genre. The game did finish with a few loose ends but the plot is no less interesting, and best of all I found all the characters to be very quirky."
,Recommended,230820,29970157,Posted: 16 February,all,Cecil,"Not a bad game. It was fun to play at the beginning but I grew progresively more bored of it, so I did not manage to finish it.I wouldn't necessarily reccommend it, but I wouldn't tell people not to play it."
76561198172406765,Recommended,230820,27811715,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[Tenta]-Kulte,"One of my favorite Puzzle game : hard, fun and epic sounds (music is wonderful).If u are stuck : see my Youtube channel for solve ur problems..."
,Recommended,230820,29650167,Posted: 2 February,all,Zelimpdna,"Positives:Beautiful hand-drawn art style.Wide variety of Interesting characters.Nice combination of humour, seriousness, and emotional moments.Well-worked, non-linear puzzles.Often difficult and quite absurd puzzle solutions. I list this as a positive as I enjoy these, as long as they don't go too bizarre, which I didn't feel any in this game did. The first point-and-click game I really got into was the first Discworld game, which probably accounts for my enjoyment of absurd puzzles. This could be a negative for some people.Enjoyable Go Fish-like card-based mini-game.Bonus hidden-item collectables throughout the game, unlocking extras such as audio stories based in the game's universe.Charming voice acting. The child who voices the main character does a brilliant job of making it the main character believable as a young boy struggling with being out of his depth but also excited about the adventure he's been set on.Negatives:Editing of the sound files is sloppy at times. Seems to be most noticeable when looking at inventory items.There were some themes introduced in the game which ended up not going anywhere. For example, towards the middle of the game a fairly strong anti-urban-sprawl theme comes in, but then is never really addressed or averted throughout the rest of the game.Similarly with some of the abilities you learn throughout the game - some you learn so late in the game that you don't really then get much use out of them before the game ends. I felt more puzzles could have utilised these abilities.As mentioned in the positives, some of the puzzles are quite difficult/absurd, which may be frustrating for some players.Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys point-and-click adventures, and in particular, comedic, fantasy-based ones. The story is wonderfully developed and the characters all add their own unique flavour into making a very charming, immersive game world to explore."
76561198081924035,Recommended,230820,29661597,Posted: 2 February,all,crystal_star_chibi_sk,"Pretty good point and click with some minigames as well. There is a mini cardgame, and a couple hidden object type goals. Story is descent and art/music are well done for the genre. Would recommend a playthough."
,Recommended,230820,28919254,Posted: 1 January,all,Edamame 7of9,"Loved it. Not a long game, but the art is great and the story/puzzles kept me interested the whole time. If this genre is something you generally like, I highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,230820,28858466,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nimble.watermuffin,Spent many hours playing Quartets in this game for no reason whatsoever. I think I'm addicted to it somehow. 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,230820,29024991,Posted: 4 January,all,Zeladry,"I found this to be a very compelling puzzle game, it reminds me a lot of the point and click adventures of my childhood, except with an adult level of dificulty. The world is stunning and relaxing to be in, and the challenges will keep you enthralled. I really enjoyed the immersive story, and appreciate the extra content provided. The extra audio book stories that you can listen to seperatly help transport you to the middle of mousewood, and would be perfect tp listen to on a rainy night with a cup of hot cocoa. I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of point and click adventures, but know that unlike many in its genre this game does not feel cheap. You can tell the love and dedication the creators put into it, to make this world feel real. Being that its a world of anthropomorphic animals, the world is very reminiscent of The Wind in the Willows or the world of Beatrix Potter. So if your looking for a relaxing but compelling adventure game that brings on the throws of childhood nostalgia, try picking this up. =)"
,Recommended,230820,29024264,Posted: 4 January,all,ysseee,"Amazing game. Loved the story, and the graphics of this game. would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,230820,30101028,Posted: 22 February,all,chicken nugget,this game makes you really think about the items that you have with you and the music is gorgeous and the characters are so cuteit's a simple game about a little kid who doesn't want summer to end and wants to be a magician and there's no rush to finish anything and that's the best thing about it
76561198039430168,Recommended,230820,28618797,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,guardianshepherd,"I don't write many reviews, but this game was so good that I just had to share my enthusiasm with others!  If you have ever felt nostalgic for the stories you might have read (or had read to you) when you were a little kid, this game is exactly what you have always been looking for.  The storyline is whimsical, witty, and humorous and is appropriate for adults and children alike.  You cannot help but be entertained by Jerry and the colorful characters he meets.  The voice acting (in the English version) is particularly well done, especially for Jerry and the Marquis.  To me though, the best part was the music.  The score for this game is truly excellent and if you are wondering if it is worth spending a few extra dollars for the premium version so you can get the music and audio books for the game, the answer is yes, it is worth it!  Even the mini game associated with this game is fun (the Quartets card game).  I have played few games in the last several years as satisfying as this one!"
76561198013681158,Recommended,230820,27904087,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bad Kong,"Probably my favorite Daedalic adventure game and the one I would most hope for a sequel; it was lightly set up for one with a post game stinger cutscene.Point and click adventure game, innocent and nostalgic wizard's apprentice setting with hints at darker more adult elements outside your awareness as a child.I would recommend looking up the achievements beforehand if you care about that sort of thing because a few of them are missable."
,Recommended,230820,27838975,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dragi,"I've never really considered myself a fan of point&click adventures, but this game found a way into my heart. Beautiful fairytale peaceful atmosphere of Mouswood made me go right back into my child years. Via The Night of the Rabbit I've been coming to Mousewood over and over again to relax, talk with my animal/dwarf friends and tease my brain a bit."
,Recommended,230820,30953947,Posted: 4 April,all,thanbo,The usual good 'ol storytelling Daedalic adventure game bought during steam sale.
76561198142504474,Recommended,230820,27688210,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jashak,"The night of the rabbit tells the story of the young protagonist Jerry Hazelnut- an ordinary boy who has always dreamt of becoming a wizard. One day he recieves a letter. When he followes the instructions written in it he is dragged in the magical world of the forest. But he has no time to admire this new world because it is threatend by a mistyrious dark forceAs you progress through the game you will learn certain spells that you have to use in order to save the forest and everyone in it.Get to know the many citizens and help them with their daily struggels, to grow stronger - and one day face the dark force with your experience.+ beautiful art style+ atmospheric scenerys+ hard (but not always fair) puzzles+ amazing soundtrack+ collectables+ long campaign (15 - 20 hours playtime)- long dialogues- lack of typical daedalic humorAll in all a really good point and click adventure and a must have for all P&C fans(Bought it on sale for 5$. I would gladly buy it again for the full price)"
76561198290170375,Recommended,230820,27679931,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nightstrike13,"I adore this game. The story is not fast paced, and the story takes a while to come together but that is one of the things I liked about the game. The sense of wonder and excitement as I wandered through the beautiful scenery, solved a puzzle or discovered a fragment of information made the game worthwhile for me. The slower pace made me feel like I got to know the characters, which helps in solving the puzzles. The puzzles were never hard, but they were also never boring. The collectibles were also great. The sticker collection was adorable, and I liked that you could play games with the cards you collected. I was sad when the game ended, and I plan to replay it, which I do not normally do.Highly Reccommended."
76561198107582817,Recommended,230820,31779103,Posted: 15 May,all,Ch0c0Kitty,"Absolutely love every second of this game! The puzzles, story, art, and characters are phenomenal! This is one of those games that will forever have a place in my heart and I can just play it over and over.Just buy this game ~ you will not regret it."
76561198024876156,Recommended,230820,31864752,Posted: 20 May,all,Chaos,Really good game. Love the point n click mechanic!
,Recommended,230820,32145541,Posted: 2 June,all,Sublustr,"WOW, totally did not expect such a fantastic, fairytale-like experience!Simple but moving story with its own unexpected twists, absolutely stunning visual art (honestly, I cannot praise it enough!), beautiful soundtrack, nicely developed characters - all in all, you're just bound to have a good time!It is worth playing for the sheer aesthetic pleasure alone if the rest doesn't seem compelling enough to you. Personally, I don't remember having such a warm, satisfied feeling since the times ofThe Longest JourneyandSyberia. It was just so... nice. :')10/10 will totally play it again!The only possible letdown I can find was the final battle. It just felt somewhat out of place and poorly handled, but oh well, to each his own. I don't think many people would mind it though, so I'm putting it in a spoiler as I don't want to give an impression that there's actually something wrong with the game. :)"
76561198004456523,Recommended,230820,32725913,Posted: 24 June,all,Caffeine Rage,"This is a thoroughly charming game.  Excellent soundtrack, great voice acting and some fiendish puzzles.  One of the stand out point n click adventures I've played for years."
76561197969423041,Recommended,230820,33255708,Posted: 4 July,all,Fractusman,"Absolutely fantastic. The music, the art, the voice acting, the puzzles, and the plot."
76561198398115075,Recommended,230820,33331545,Posted: 6 July,all,xfwbird,"This game has a great balance of whimsical, charming and adventurous, to dark, mischievous, and  meditative. The art is very pleasant to look at and there are many elements and details drawn into the scene so you never get bored with what you are looking at!At first glance, I thought ""meh! It's yet just another play on Alice in Wonderland!"" But it's not at all like that! The story line is quite unexpected actually.  You explore a magical world with Jeremy and there is always something to discover and achieve!  The characters are dynamic and interacting with them pushes you to think outside the box. The dialogue between you and the characters are never too long, you can easily end them if you want to, but I found what they had to say very interesting that most of the time i'll be clicking on each speech option to see how the characters will reply!Some of the puzzles were a bit obscure and frustrating (meaning I clicked around for over 15 minutes wondering if I missed something and I will have to look up a hint online) but 80% of it is just challenging enough (able to progress to the next part of the story in less than 15 minutes)Overall this is an awesome point-and-click game, and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,230820,33618391,Posted: 17 July,all,Newek,"Bah ! Typical good game ! With great story, and things and stuffs and junks ! Bah !The game has really hit me with its atmosphere, leaving a permanent feeling of magic and fantasy, like so few may do so.Although I've encountered some technical issues (missing subtitles, screen freezing, etc..), the whole experience worths the money spent !Great piece of art that Daedilic brought to us !"
76561198334732418,Recommended,230820,33897107,Posted: 29 July,all,LeRatJame,"I Would Recommend this game to all ages! With Its Stunning Artwork, Seriously well done music, Great character designs, suiting voices a and fantastic plot! Its Really fun and goes on longer than you think! Its full of emotions, It can be very calming at times and at other times, It can make your heartbeat go a bit faster! (Nothing scary though!) Its an Amazing Game, Its abouselty beautiful! Its a Mix of Adventure and I Guess Calmingness? Thats probably not the word but you get the point! Its Really wonderful and I love this game!"
,Recommended,230820,26544394,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kainxkim,"It has a very nice art style, and is just like your standard point and click game. My only problem is that sometimes the solutions to these tasks are a bit farfetched, but regardless, it's a really good game!"
76561198025088729,Recommended,230820,33984186,Posted: 2 August,all,iamoscarwilde,"Absolutely gorgeous! Loved the art, the voices, the music... some of the puzzles were a bit tricky and three or four times i had to look up hints, but mostly a little common sense and trial and error was enough to get through! Even when i was stuck, i didn't mind wandering around the world of Mousewood and enjoying the scenery!"
76561198081377924,Recommended,230820,34161575,Posted: 10 August,all,BrokenVector,"For a point-and-click, this game is super immersive. Great game and can be surprisingly challenging."
76561198057721688,Recommended,230820,34279893,Posted: 16 August,all,Foabias,"A Charming Little Adventure of Magic and MiceA nice point-and-click adventure; a story of a young boy named Jeremy Hazelnut and the trials he faces as an apprentice magician. Charming, scenic, but no pumping adrenaline here. You get about 18h-20h of out of it; that's roughly 1€ per hour, spent talking and trying to figure out that one puzzle, and also whether that one thing is a puzzle or not. You can decide if that's worth your money or whether you want to wait for a steam sale. Would make a nice gift for anyone of any age.It has a demo too! Just try it!PROS:+ Art; It's nice art. The artist has a knack for drawing cute animals.+ Family Friendly; Good for all ages!+ Story; For the most part, the story plays out peaceful and serene; something to play on a nice afternoon. (Of course, every story has a conflict...)+ Secrets; Mousewood hides many little collectibles. Have fun trying to find them!NEUTRAL:+/- Audio Books; Little fairy tale -like stories you can collect during game. They're OK, and kinda clever too, but they're long and I always find myself drowsy while listening to them. Good for insomnia!CONS:- Bugs/Crashes;Towards the end of the game, bugs and crashes may or may not start appearing. When I tried tofish with a candy cane and christmas lights,the game just up and crashed. Daedalic Entertainment has provided something of a solution to the problem: save files for each major point in game. If you do get such a problem, you can use one of those save files to resume progress."
,Recommended,230820,22548635,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,alexandra.pripu,"Pros:++ The graphics are amazing!++ The ability to change the time of the day and the puzzles adapting accordingly is a nice feature.++ The various spells are spicing up the puzzles.++ Calling a mailman frog to take you around the place on bike rides is a-good-frustration-reducing-time-saving feature.Cons:-- Some puzzles are not logic or intuitive.-- It's easy to get lost because of the ambiguity of the names given to the areas.-- The puzzles and dialogues are childish.-- Some characters were mentioned then forgotten, they were left out of the story loop.-- The ending is lacking the surprise element, is fairly dull.-- The unoriginal and unnatural feeling of the cards game.6/10, passed my test, so I'd recommend it."
76561198354959831,Recommended,230820,34515128,Posted: 26 August,all,FoxtheWriter,It's so much fun! the childish tone of the game is bright and chearful but something much more sinister lurks ever closer. the puzzles are challanging and makes you think outside of the box. slightly glitchy but only adds to the impressive charm.
,Recommended,230820,34680957,Posted: 2 September,all,TheFlakesMaster,As if I visited a fairy tale. Nice work.
,Recommended,230820,34906621,Posted: 12 September,all,JMoorgs,"This game is a beautiful piece of art in itself - not to mention the obviously impeccable artwork. The soundtrack is mesmerizing, I've listened to it 4 times in full over the past week. The story line and plot are amazing; I can't give this game enough praise. Don't let the fact that it's point-and-click steer you away from playing it, it's well worth it, although I am extremely biased. This game for me, provides the nostalgic feeling of reading Winnie the Pooh and imagining walking through the Hundred Acre Woods. Also, if you're thinking about buying the DLC, but aren't sure, just do it. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,230820,35114915,Posted: 21 September,all,TJØRBEN,"Amazing and incredibly fascinating and detailed adventure point & click game.I bought this game together with Deponia I+II a few years back on disc and decided to grab it during the summer sale for a low price. This game, together with most - if not all - games from Daedalic Entertainment, is incredibly gripping and plays really smooth for content made for ages 6+.+ Lovely graphics+ Light humour for all ages// Edit after finishingIt's been a long time since a game made me shiver like this. The ending. Was. Pure. Bliss.I probably can't play this game again, but this was worth more than just a few bucks and some time spent. The story told within this masterpiece... PLEASE. Play it."
,Not Recommended,230820,35451977,Posted: 3 October,all,MagnifiCent$ -KYS! vreecase.com,Booring af...
