user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,231160,7755822,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4nyZkwycEoTaking control of a lone astronaut, you explore Theseus, a derelict space station. The Swapper immediately brings to mind Super Metroid with it's open map design and emphasis on isolation. The human inhabitants of Theseus have mostly perished and it's up to you to put the pieces together. The space station is filed with sentient rocks that leave you with cryptic messages as you pass by them and, together with crew logs, provide much of the narrative; tantalizing you with little details that must be put together like a puzzle. It's a tale the wanders off in the direction of the metaphysical and philosophical, meditating on what constitutes a sense of self, what exactly the soul means to the individual and and how individuals fit into the rest of society. The esoteric narrative and heavy sense of  isolation and dread will have you mulling over the events of The Swapper long after it concludes.The puzzle gimmick employed by The Swapper comes in the form of a gun that allows your character to clone themself. Up to four clones can be made and these clones mimic your every move. In addition the gun can beam your consciousness into these clones and  allow you to take direct control of them. Additional puzzle elements like blue lights that prohibit the creation of clones where their light is cast, red lights that prevent you from taking control of clones and gravity switches that will have you walking on the ceiling all further complicate the proceedings. Your clones must be used to trip switches and reach far away ledges, they are empty vessels that are to used and disposed of and the sight of their lifeless husks collapsing after long falls becomes a frequent occurrence throughout the course of The Swapper. The goal is to our the character that you directly control in contact with orbs that allow you to open doors and progress. These simple gameplay mechanics tie in closely to The Swapper's narrative themes meaning the narrative events never drift too far off into the back of your mind. Few games are able to do this so well.Puzzle start off very easy as you learn to navigate your environment and are introduced to clever new ways to solve problems within the game world. Much like Portal, The Swapper religiously sticks to it's core mechanics. You don't get any new abilities or skills as the game progresses, instead new obstacles bring new challenges that occasionally elicit head scratching and pensive stares. The first three quarters of the game's three to five hours are really a breeze but the final few puzzles can really put your puzzle solving skills to the test. While the challenge is certainly welcome, this spike in challenge has a habit of disrupting the pacing. Your brisk jaunts between memory stations for more information slow to a crawl near the final area potentially becoming agonizing as the game's mind benders thwart your best attempts to crack them.The Swapper wouldn't be nearly as engaging if it weren't for it's distinct visual style. Everything in the game was originally molded out of clay by the team at Facepalm studios and in addition to complimenting the narrative themes it looks wonderfully alien and unique among it's contemporaries. Fantastic lighting effects also dress up the stylized art and drive the lonely desperate mood home. Seeing the dark, desolate corridors of Theseus illuminated by a beam from your flashlight as the ambient soundtrack hums in the background can be profoundly melancholy. The measured tempo of the soundtrack never leaves you with a sense of urgency and instead slowly and beautifully builds a hopeless and lonely tone befitting a game that is largely devoid of other characters."
,Recommended,231160,17827117,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tom,"The Swapper is a puzzle platform game that was originally released on PC in 2013, and has since been ported to PS3, PS4, Vita, Wii U and the Xbox One. You play the role of a female explorer who finds themselves on an abandoned research station, early into the game you discover the ability to create clones of yourself. This ability is what the game focuses on from then onward.The gameplay in Swapper is absolutely stellar, we see all too many puzzle platformers release on Steam on an almost daily basis that don't really do anything new and innovating, The Swapper blows this theroy out of the water though. The goal in this game is to find orbs scattered around the space station in order to open doors and activate teleporters to progress further. There is some aspect of metroidvania style games in that you do have to backtrack quite a bit too.The cloning ability is what really makes this game standout, you can spawn four clones at any one time, and you also gain the ability to swap control over each of them too. The clones follow every action that the character makes, so running, jumping, interacting with objects (even if there is nothing there to interact with). This ability allows you to complete plentiful puzzles, opening doors, flipping switches and collecting orbs. The main element which will end up killing the player, as well as the clones, would be gravity. You will soon find that you can barely fall from any sort of distance as it will kill you. You can save yourself by creating a clone just before you hit the floor and teleporting to it though which is a trick you really need to get a hang of very early on.  You can also do this to scale walls and tunnels too.To add a little bit more challenge into the mix, the game also introduces different light sources which prevent you from doing specific actions such as preventing clones from being spawned in the lighted area, blocking the swap ability, or just plainly stopping you doing anything all together.The game presents you with a bare structure of a story line, and you are pretty much left to work it out on your own. There are plenty of snippets of story and plot to be found in the game through terminal computers if you want to delve deeper into it.The Swapper is a gorgeous looking game, playing anything on a 4k resolution should look good, but this game just looks almost photo realistic.  The lighting is perfectly done, adding so much atmosphere into each room you enter. The animation of the main character is also done very well too.As with all puzzle games, I wasn't able to figure out most of the puzzles and had to revert to a walkthrough; after reading the walkthrough there are still points in the game which are skill based, so no matter whether you know how to complete something, you still need to execute a certain level of skill to complete it.I was able to complete The Swapper in just under seven hours, if you were to do it without a guide, you are looking at about a ten hour playthrough. The game does have ten achievements, which are not related to the main story line at all. They are merely hidden computer terminals that you can try to find throughout the game. This may add a little bit of replay value, however if you aren't into achievement hunting, there isn't any reason to play this game through again for a second time.The Swapper had no technical issues at all. The game ran perfectly well on all higher resolutions, at a constant 60FPS. The options menu is rather limited, but this game is in effect a 2D side scroller so you can't really expect too much from the technical side of things.In conclusion, I have to say The Swapper is one of the best puzzle games on Steam to date; and should be played by everyone to experience this masterpiece. This is a showcase of how indie games should be produced and how quickly they can rise to being an extremely popular hit.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/231160"
,Recommended,231160,2380758,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,my love of orbs and quiet dialogue compelled me to buy this. i was quickly frustrated because im not good at puzzles
,Recommended,231160,12754125,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Deep State Pizzagate Caliphate,Pros:+Cleverly crafted puzzles+This game rules.+Fun central conceptCons:-I am playing it high and killing all these clones of myself is freakin' me out
76561198268821848,Recommended,231160,32027691,Posted: 28 May,all,domestos,"You are an astronaut, you wake up in a rescue rocket, and against your wills you are shot from Theseus space station on Chori V planet. After landing on the planet you find a strange device that helps you get back on board and survive until help arrives.Great game, get it on sale, because it is a bit short. I like games like Portal 2, The Talos Principle, and there is no point to compare this games, because they are completly different, even if they have few common things like solving riddles and story with fresh look at some philosophical questions. Point is that every one of them including The Swapper is good at what it do, and every one of them is unique. For me it is pleasure to play this game beacause of it atmospheric well done design, riddles and questioning the meaning of existence."
76561197975217935,Recommended,231160,678897,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Washushe,"First off, I'm really into the space dungeon aesthetics, great use of light and texture too. aside from how cool it looks I'm having a lot of fun trying to make sense of this little oddity of a game. The game-play elements include solving puzzles using clones, teleportation, and bullet time! you cant go wrong super cool, 8.5 of 10."
,Recommended,231160,11194980,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Speevy,"The Swapper is a wonderfully compelling title in which you have special abilities that allow you to solve puzzles.Like Portal, the central premise asks the question ""How do I exist in two different places at the same time?"" or ""How do I reach the unreachable place?""  Where these games differ is that The Swapper takes the answer to this question quite literally.  You're given a gun that fires copies of your controlled character.  You can have up to four of these copies, and the clones move in tandem with you.  If you move one step forward, they move one step forward, and so forth.  You can also project your primary control into any one of them, provided you have a clear unobstructed shot at it.  Most of the puzzles revolve around this mechanic, as there's usually a task one clone has to perform to get it into a place where you can control it.  Only your primary character can collect the orbs that complete the puzzle.  What makes these puzzles tricky is that there are different areas that obstruct your various powers, making you think critically to evaluate what your clones will do.  For example, red lights will not allow you to project yourself into a clone, so you must either disable the red light with a switch or work around it.  Red light areas still allow you to project new clones, however.  Blue lights don't allow new clones, but you can project into existing clones.  Purple lights don't allow your powers to work at all.  Some puzzles use boxes, but most employ the switches that your clones must activate to manipulate the light areas.  Later in the game, you encounter gravity pods that create similar scenarios, only with upside down and rightside up clones doing the work.  A primary character can only create a clone that is standing as they are, so there's another layer of gameplay.As you move through the game, there is a dark, foreboding atmosphere.  You're thrust into a sci-fi world of moral and philosophical conflict, and the story is told through a reluctant female voice as well as ship logs.  The game's visuals are beautifully realized with darkness and light interplaying in interesting ways.  Sound design is also uniformly excellent and realy creates this feeling of isolation and dread, yet you still feel this alien presence.  I will not spoil the story for you, but I will say that there are some surprising revelations that are not immediately apparent from the outset.  The environments are vast so there's plenty to explore.  I was reminded of Super Metroid at many times, except there is no combat in The Swapper.I think the game's controls and gameplay work wonderfully together to challenge the player without frustration.  So many indie titles only have their gimmick to fall back on, but The Swapper combines gameplay, visuals, and narrative seamlessly.  Even if you fail to understand how to solve a puzzle, there are plenty of puzzles you can solve while you're thinking about the correct solution.  I normally get pretty impatient with puzzle games, but every puzzle in The Swapper is fair, logical, and rewarding.In summary, this is a fantastic game that you should purchase if you have not purchased it already.  It has enough content to warrant whatever price you pay for it, and should satisfy even the most jaded indie fans."
,Recommended,231160,28689580,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lord Ocean,"What an amazing game. Relaxing atmosphere, the sci-fi theme is awesome. The puzzles don't wreck your mind. Cool game to chill and just run through. I also appriciate the underlying message. A hidden gem of a game."
,Recommended,231160,16393305,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gunderson Mallard,"The Swapper is a brilliant game that that needs to be experiencedThe Swapper has the ability to give make players feel that moment of enlightenment: the moment when garbled noise sounds like words, when tones become music, when the problem seems to solve itself. Taking the less is more approach (think Portal) there are only a small handful of mechanics to learn, but this is a feature that shows off nothing but careful and precise design. You are armed with a single device that allows you to create a few clones and switch which one you are controlling as the others follow your motions. Some lights deny either ability: one won't allow you to make clones, another won't allow you to switch control with them. Nothing more is needed to create the genuinely clever levels in The Swapper. The puzzles on display here challenge the player into utter confusion, and then elevate them as soon as the solution is found.Being fascinating from start to finish is no small feat, and The Swapper makes it look effortless.An eerie sci-fi setting, ethereal art, riddled words, and panicked voices all carry the enigmatic narrative of The Swapper. Aboard the ship of Theseus, stones speak madness, crew logs show failure and disarray, and a strange figure recedes further from you into the corridors of the ship. The questioned posed might be familiar for some, but the lens held here allows all players to engage it in a new way.  Playing with this idea as you chase answers in the halls of Theseus makes for an interesting backdrop.The brief nature of the game might be enough to turn off some, but that is where pacing becomes important. No matter how good something is, it can outstay its welcome and The Swapper knows how to avoid this. The puzzles might slow you down a bit, but the hands of the game and story seem to guide you at just the proper rate to stay engrossed.The Swapper is an amazing game full of mystery, depth, and great puzzles. It's simply a wonderful game."
,Recommended,231160,19629755,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,omayra,"I really, really like this game! In fact of all games I played this year I can hardly find one I enjoyed more than this one! The 97% positive reviews are absolutely justified in my opinion and I concur with them.«The Swapper» is a 2D-puzzle-platformer embedded in a very elaborate, immersive and well narrated story. Actually it's some kind of a combination of a SciFi-short-story and a tricky platformer game - with a strong and intelligent connection between these two aspects (see below).☛ Have a look at the screenshots in my profile for a few impressions of the graphics, art design, atmosphere and puzzle design of «The Swapper».❖ Story and gameplay:Almost like in a SciFi movie...You are alone on an empty space station, ""Theseus"", with no idea what happened and have to find your way through a labyrinth of its rooms and corridors in order to find out what's going on there. In the very beginning you already notice that is has to be something really weird since you ""hear"" telepathic voices talking to you every time you pass one of these huge stones that are scattered around the whole station. And what they say is more confusing than explaining... at first.To overcome the various obstacles in the station you have a device (the ""swapper"") which enables you to create clones of yourself and to take control of them. And since you are alone on the station but the puzzles can only be solved in teamwork you need those clones, though their coordination can get tricky because your clones can't be moved independently from yourself and each other, they always do the exact same things you do, at the exact same time - but you can choose where to position a new clone and which of the clones defines what the others imitate. In order to create some kind of teamwork between these different 'You's you have to think outside the box sometimes.During your journey through the station you regularly pass data-terminals, which contain one file each, a log-entry, a letter, a protocol, a report and such, and reveal one by one the fascinating story of the stations history and give you piece by piece the whole picture of what happened on Theseus.(These files are relatively short though, it's not that you have to read through long texts, they are just so well-written and designed that the story that builds up in your mind around these little chunks of information is pretty complex in the end. Big compliment to the authors of the game btw.)Great story! ✿❖ Technical stuff:☑ Very pleasant, smooth game mechanics (AD: left and right, space/W: jump, e: interact, q: map, f: log, mouse-movement: look around, right/leftclick: clone/swap (use swapper-device), mouse-movement while holding right klick: position clone (use swapper device))☑ Good graphics, beautiful graphical art design☑ Sound nothing special, but  nice and supports the atmosphere very well☑ Professional voice acting☑ Puzzles/obstacles are designed very intelligently, easy in the beginning but quite complex and tricky in the end - and not repetitive☑ Two different endings☑ No glitches/bugs encountered☛ One CON to mention:Once you hit the last console and the ending sequence starts you reach a point of no return. During this ending scene you have to make a decision that defines the ending (out of two possibilities). After the game finished you have no chance to return to a certain chapter or even just some point before the ending sequence. If you would like to play through the other ending as well you would have to play through the whole game again.In the forums the devs stated, that they intentionally chose to do it this way and even not to warn the player of the point of no return - they wanted to make your final decision... well, really a final one.For me personally it's a con that you can't jump to particular chapters of the game after finishing it. You have no choice than to watch the other ending on youtube (if you dont want to play the whole game all over again) and that also complicates the achievement-hunting, since you have to play through the whole game again if you lack just one achievement at the very end of the game. So make sure to get all achievements in your first playthrough and in the correct order (achievements unlock by encountering hidden rooms that can only be found with the swapper by projecting a clone into walls - once you find a hidden passage this suddenly works, usually it doesn't).On the other hand: It isn't really a pain in the a▒s to play through the game a second time. Of course it's a little tedious to replay the puzzles you already solved once again (though there are enough of them and they partly look this similar (just ""look"".. in fact they aren't) that you easily forget about the trickier ones soon) but by your new knowledge about the whole story and the complete history of the station you get a new understanding of the early telepathic messages and files that just confused you when you heard/read them the first time. Like when you watch a movie a second time and suddenly understand and notice things that had no meaning to you while you first watched them. Quite interesting.I personally did it this way, I played the game twice. To play through both endings, to get some lacking achievements and to get another view on the early parts of the game. And I enjoyed both playthroughs.❖ Specials:What I especially liked about this game is the fact, that the game mechanics > the way you move through the station (with the ""swapper"" device) is strongly interwoven with the story.Usually in puzzle-platformers you have 1) a world full of the inevitable tricky puzzles in which you move 2) some special gadget or ability to overcome these obstacles (eg. this portal-device or the ability to shift the world around you or to jump extremely high etc.) and (at least if it's a good game) 3) a story that is told during you search your way through this world with this gadget/ability - but these things are normally three seperated elements of the game... or at least 2) is seperated.That you have this special device or ability to move around in the given map doesn't have a particular meaning, it's just the way it is, the way it has to be for the player to be able to solve the puzzles/overcome the obstacles. It doesn't matter why you have this ""wormwhole""-creator-pistol in ""Portal"", someone developed it and gave it to you, because that's how the game is supposed to work, period. It doesn't matter why you have the ability to turn the world around yourself in ""And Yet It Moves"", you just have it because otherwise you wouldn't be able to move through the map at all.In ""The Swapper"" it's different; your special device (swapper-device) and ability (telepathy) arent ""just there"" (""because it has to be this way to solve the given puzzles""), but the world around you and the story which is revealed by the time explain where this device/ability is coming from. Story and mechanics are interwoven.❖ Fazit:If you dont bother reading all the data-files youll get a immersive SciFi short-story along with a great puzzle-platformer.But even if you dont like reading so much, you can still enjoy this game as a well designed puzzle-platformer. (But in this case it isn't an overwhelmingly great game anymore but just a normal, good puzzle-platformer. What makes this game special and legitimates this enthusiastic review is the story.)Recommended in both cases - though I really recommend to spend some time in reading and not to skip the story - it's the best aspect of the game and especially the connection between gameplay and story makes this game so special.Buy «The Swapper» - It's worth it!❊ 10/10 ❊"
,Recommended,231160,9246426,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,krayzkrok,"There's a moment in The Swapper where, for a few magical seconds, everything comes together. It's the moment shortly after you get the Swapper device where the game teaches you its potential. It does it in such an elegant way that it's a revelation; suddenly, the platform game you thought you were playing gets subverted, the possibilities seem vast, and the game exploits these possibilities in the various puzzles that it subsequently throws your way. To explain it would be to spoil it. There's a point in any puzzle game that I dread, though, and it's the point where it all becomes too much for my brain, where the developers start to throw the kitchen sink at you, and each puzzle becomes hard work rather than fun. In retrospect, The Swapper never really does this, but there were moments when faced with a seemingly impossible puzzle that my brain threw its figurative hands in the air and went off to sulk, muttering something about getting old. I admit that I had to look at a walkthrough for some of the later puzzles, the solutions to which are only elegant with hindsight. Still, I needed to progress because I needed to see how the story played out, touching as it does on life, morality and - momentarily - spirituality. The Swapper does a great job of drawing you into its cold, echoing world; it feels like Alien without the alien. The modelling style that's used to build the facility gives the game a unique look, realistic without being real, and the ethereal soundtrack completes the unsettling picture."
,Recommended,231160,32973491,Posted: 28 June,all,Luke Kelly,Beautiful. Sad. Thoughtful. Deep. Intriguing. Atmospheric. Polished.
,Not Recommended,231160,14043009,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Vayl ♥,"The first thing I want to make clear is that this is not a bad game. It's actually a very thought-provoking, puzzle-intense, short-but-sweet sci-fi adventure with elements reminescent of movies such as Moon, or Alien (sans the jump scares). It's well done for an indie title, and its high metascore is deserved. It's just... not my kind of title, and I don't want to recommend a game based on what it does well, but how -I- enjoyed it.The core element of this game, its raison d'etre, is the ability to create clones of yourself and to swap into those clones to explore and advance, while attempting to escape an abandoned craft. There are a number of puzzles woven into the narrative that at times stunned me at their cleverness, and the story really makes you think about what constitutes 'you' rather than 'your mind'--but I won't get into spoilers.Where the game falls short is just -how- frustrating some of these puzzles can be, and frankly, a number can be a bit tedious. Games like Quantum Conundrum can get away with this because of the humorous and light-hearted atmosphere to keep you entertained, but here, the story elements can sometimes feel a bit few and few between. That, and I kind of feel like the game is a little... pretentious? Like it's trying -too hard- to make you think, and it throws you into the story in media res and makes you put the pieces together, as though that makes it deeper than it naturally is.Other than that, the game doesn't have much else that stands out to me. Visuals are decent, as is the voice acting, but there's scarcely a sound track, and the hidden secrets in this game are -insanely- hard to find without a guide. I found myself both bored and frustrated more than I did intrigued and delighted, and that's a kiss of death for me when it comes to puzzle platformers.Maybe this is someone else's cup of tea, but it's just not mine."
,Recommended,231160,22985276,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Viishnahn,"The Swapper–Puzzle, Platformer, Isolation, Atmosphere, Explorationa spoiler-free reviewRelease Date: 30 May, 2013Rating:Recommended as Essential- Gameplay -Challenging puzzles, beautiful environments, soulful music and a mysterious device aboard an abandoned space station set the stage forThe Swapper.This game is first and foremost a puzzle game with brainteasers that can stump even the most clever players. You control an unidentified astronaut who finds “the swapper device”, a beam gun that can create up to four clones of yourself and swap control between any of them. Your clones mirror your movements, allowing you to solve complicated puzzles onboard Space Station Theseus. There are no enemies, only puzzle elements such as lights that disable your swapper and gravity reversal pads.- Visuals -The game is entirely 2-D with bloom, soft shading, ambient blur and simply gorgeous graphics. The space station feels cold and empty, bathed in blue until you run across the gardens and greenhouses which are bright and full of life. The visuals reinforce a feeling of isolation the setting provides. Many of the objects were handcrafted out of clay and other materials before digitization.- Audio -The sound effects are nothing special but good. The menu theme is slow and emotional, setting the tone of the entire game. Most of the background music is a low drone, but there are a few sections where a soft piano plays a sad melody. I stopped just to listen to these songs during my first playthrough.- Puzzles -Game progress is limited by gates that require a number of security orbs in order to open. These orbs can be acquired by solving puzzles, which scale in difficulty from the start of The Swapper to its finish. Teleport stations are unlocked as you progress, which makes backtrackingmuchfaster. The achievements are all secret(Hint: some walls aren’t as solid as they look).- Plot -(spoiler-free)Since I can’t tell you nearly anything about the story without spoilingsomething,this will be brief. The game progresses the story through cinematic cutscenes and lore messages you can pick up from marked terminals, as well as other sources. There are multiple endings and you will have to play through a couple times in order to understand the story.- My Thoughts -This game plays like a “Metroidvania” game; backtracking exists but is hardly necessary. I gave it my highest rating because I really enjoyed being stumped by the puzzles and being confused by the intricate story, then figuring them out and finally understanding what was going on. It’s a hard puzzler and a walkthrough does help at points. I got this on sale, but I’d say that it’s worth the full price of $15. Buy this, solve puzzles and have fun!Not RecommendedRecommended With CautionRecommendedHighly Recommended- Recommended as Essential"
,Recommended,231160,13052217,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Plissken,"I've just found a neat toy. Superficially it’s a strange-looking gun – with seemingly no visual clues as to its nature. Curious. I pick it up and pull the trigger expecting, as usual, some kind of interesting projectile. But rather than bullets, it materialises a human figure. It’s me! An identical copy – a clone. Surreal, I know. As I walk, he (it?) blindly mimics my action. Hmm, so more of an empty vessel then than any kind of a real person. I shoot again – my triplicate! Again – my quintuplet! I freestyle shooting up into the air. Just as before another appears only this time he is falling. His feet hit the floor first to an audible crack of bones. His limp body then collapses into a heap, lifeless. Air from his ruptured spacesuit hisses out. I stare into the middle distance. Suddenly I don’t feel quite so playful.What I do feel is uncomfortably disturbed and that, to its immense credit, is the feeling that The Swapper is able to evoke most vividly during its short but captivating journey into the heart of darkness. Right from the off, this unassuming piece hits you with the atmosphere – visuals that riff off 2001 and sound design that recalls the nervy ambiance of alien. But that’s just the introductory sequence. You then begin the lonely walk, first across the haunted landscape of a forgotten planet, and later ascending to the empty hulk of a ship haunted by some pitch black secrets.As fast as the novelty passes you quickly become comfortable with the mechanics of cloning yourself and ‘Swapping’ your consciousness between bodies in order to traverse the environment. It’s a neat core mechanic giving The Swapper a fresh, fluid, quality to its movement. Indeed, zipping through the expansive habitats, crossing abyssal gorges and navigating labyrinthine death traps, could almost be mistaken for a liberating if it wasn’t for one uncomfortable necessity - Progression has never required such an unnatural disregard for personal safety and over the course of the game you will willingly sacrifice hundreds if not thousands of your cloned forms in order to reach the ultimate conclusion. The trick Swapper pulls is in building your familiarity with the mechanic of sacrificial progression without ever truly answering the questions it raises regarding the soul.Once this nervy backdrop is established Swapper starts hitting a rhythm that somewhat recalls the majesty of the original portal - A masterful build-up of complexity orchestrated with the deepening overture of its narrative that makes for a rich, compelling symphony. New mechanics are deftly introduced and then layered onto the ever multiplying permutations of complex puzzle solving - The simultaneous clone limit, the gravity switches, the very portal-esque red and blue light filters, composing the constituent parts which are each time are combined in ever perplexing arrangements.What this all adds up to is a well-crafted deftly told science fiction short story. Not an extravaganza, not expansive world building, but the evocation of a distinct journey against a mood of dread and isolation. While Swapper succeeds on many technical and gameplay levels, the real magic of this experience is one that harkens back to an unsettled feeling, that first encounter with the swapper device itself and the sense of morose revelation as its true nature becomes apparent. Some have said this could be the perfect game. While I am hesitant to agree entirely, I can definitely see their reasoning – engaging gameplay built on rock solid mechanics, rich absorbing visuals and a feeling like standing on the edge of a dark precipice that doesn't quickly leave you. In truth – I don’t think it’s far off.If you liked that piece check out my game review site:http://tonnochi.blogspot.co.uk/Thanks for reading. Cheers Guys!"
,Recommended,231160,26633919,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Strategius4,"This game is great, really get it. There are just some games where you notice from the first seconds that it will be a very good game. This game is one of those. I can only recommend it. It has a very unique game style and playstyle and cloning yourself is just so nice. The controls are also very well done :)"
,Recommended,231160,9936278,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,internisus,Unique puzzle gameplay and extraordinarily refined presentation serve as the vehicle for one of the most chilling and cerebral science fiction stories that I have experienced in any medium.
,Recommended,231160,22876164,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CuteC4,"This is probably one of my favorite games, but sadly, it is under ratted, I wish more people could play.If you like Portal 2 or Stanley's Parable BUY THIS NOW!!! >:OThe Game ItselfIt's got like the gameplay of portal 2, storyline of Stanley's Parable, and very, very beautiful design.Just the game alone is a piece of art, and the message behind it, is pretty deep.This game gives me so many feels, you should get it and play it no matter what, the levels are challenging but not impossible!The great thing about it is you can skip levels and always come back to them later! (not like portal where you are pretty much stuck until you finish)Gameplay BasicsThis might give you a better idea on how the game works, in case you were wondering whether or not to buy it!Spoilers will be notedMOVEMENT:A: walk leftD: walk righttap W: small jumpHold W: higher jumpI suggest binding the jump key to SpaceBar tho :3Q: I’m the map I’m the map I’m the map I’m the map!CLONING: (hold) Mouse 2You can clone yourself, wherever you want, with the SWAPPER DEVICE.You can make 4 clones at most, including yourself, there can be 5 people on the screen.All clones will follow your movements (walk left,right jump), until they hit a wall or an obstacle.When you deploy a clone, you are in a slow-motion state.Clones will only be deployed in the state you are in (upright -> upright) (upside down -> upside down)SWAPPING: Mouse 1You can swap / teleport your soul (main player) to any of the other clones. if there are 2 clones together, it will hit the first one the swapper beam touches.You can swap in mid air.When your clone is upside down, you will be swapped to the upside down state as well.RETRIEVING YOUR CLONE: Touch the darn thingif you walk into your own clone, you will take it back. (But only if your ""soul"" is one of the clones!! If none of the clones are the player himself, they will not colide into one)OBSTACLES:Boxes: Drag with E, push with booty ;)Blue light: Cannot spawn clone within, you can still teleport through or within it.Red light: Cannot teleport in it or even TROUGH it, you can spawn a clone anywhere in it.Purple = Cons of Blue + Red : Can't clone inside, can teleport thru it or in it = you are f**king screwed ;-;Buttons: These babes open doors and turn off lights.Spoilers: Tips and TricksIf you hold down onto the button, time goes into slow-motion, meaning you can make clones in the sky, teleport to them, and make a new clone, swap to them, on and on, you can gain incredible hightsBoxes can block a door from shutting!If you hit a wall but still press the A and D key, your clones will still walk, use this to change the distances between yourselvesBy jumping, you can get closer to your clone, when she is upside down and you are upright, use it well ;)This one... is so special to me, cause it took me a while to figure out, but REMEMBER, if you touch your clone, you take it back, including when you are upside down and he is upright! vis versa!Also, this can happen by jumping between a low ceiling, or even SPAWNING your clone on top of another, Good luck ;)Took me about 8-9 hours to finish, but then you realize , wait, there are secrets too?! (The achievements)So, this game has got some replay value to it! There are also many ways to complete most levels.You can make different in-game accounts to play the whole story over again.Sadly, once a level is finished, you can’t start it over, you will have to make a new in-game account… and proceed thru the story until you get there =-=….why…Alright, typed quite a lot, as you can see how much I love this game, it must be pretty ***damn addicting!So what are you waiting for ;) ?"
,Recommended,231160,19451807,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ErbanVision,This is the reason why i love Indie game.Here is what we get in this awsome game :A fresh innovative twist on the Metroidvania formula that has a smart puzzle design that is reminiscent of games like Portal. It's even succeed at incorporating a great story in it's level design9.6/10 Verdict: A must play
,Recommended,231160,811616,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"The Swapper... I saw a thread about it a couple of weeks ago with the announcement that it was coming to Steam. The graphics looked gorgeous but I didn't quite know what to expect from the game itself. Now I know. Let me just say that The Swapper blew me away.At its heart the game is a puzzle platformer, with an atmosphere that will remind most of us of Dead Space. Your character's suit and a few zero-gravity parts also reminded me of it.The graphics are extremely beautiful and moody. It has a bit of a fuzzy look, but man, does it look good in motion. I read somewhere that it used clay for some of the environments. I can't confirm this, as it's very well done in that case, but the idea behind is cool. Yes, it has been used in several other games but nowhere near as subtle as in The Swapper.The puzzles are well made. A few of them are exceptionally hard, but this also depends on the person that plays it obviously. I thought it had a nice mix of easy, medium and hard puzzles. It's all about swapping between you and your clones, hence the title.The story itself is pretty deep, even though it's all about swapping. There are several rocks located throughout the world and all of them will give you a tiny bit of information, and there are computers with log files as well. Near the end of the game things will become more clear.The Swapper isn't necessarily a long game. It might take an average person between 5 or 7 hours. A bit short for such a wonderful game. Let's hope it does well enough to give us some sort of sequel in the future.For now, go buy The Swapper as it's one brilliant game. It really is ![Rating: 88/100]"
,Recommended,231160,8843355,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SN@KE,"Amazing game with great story, wonderful soundtrack, interesting puzzles and beautiful picture! Do not miss it!"
,Recommended,231160,21991062,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,icaroferracini,"The Swapper is an interesting platform game with a great story and clever puzzles.All the ambience in the game is awesome, the level design, the voice over, the sounds and music... Everything works so well to create the loneliness feeling of being lost in space.The puzzles must be solved using an cloning gun that can replicate you in some other part of the spaceship. It looks easy at first but it become challenging once you are in the final part of the game.I won't say anything about the story here to spoil your experience. You must discover playing the game, it is worth it.Go play it."
76561198307940697,Recommended,231160,28264682,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Inukami,"> in space, no one can hear you ad hominem+ creepy atmosphere (hehe space pun)+ visually stunning+ simple game mechanic (cloning and swapping) used to create a solid puzzle game+ is Portals without the motion sickness+ delves deep into the concept of self and identity...+ THAT ending- that ENDING- space walk scenarios- game makes it look like there's a lingering threat when in reality...we are everything and nothing (that level of philosophical)10/10"
,Recommended,231160,14493633,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Shippo1992,"A great, unique game that I thoroughly enjoyed playing right until the very end. It proved to be an excellent puzzle platform game with excellent puzzles, excellent gameplay, a good atmosphere, and an intrigueing story. The art style is unique, but very well done as I think it suits the game and it's atmosphere. And to further add to that, I believe the soundtrack to be something pretty nice that also suits the atmosphere and setting of the game as well, with takes place aboard a space station in space. The puzzles in this game are definitely noteworthy and something not to think of lightly. They provide quite a challenge. Not an impossible, frustrating challenge, but a good challenge that really gets you to actually think and want to push to get the puzzle done. I had my fair share of stumps where some puzzles took me quite awhile to figure out, but I managed them in the end. Adding on to the puzzles, I also found gameplay to be another great feature of this game as well. Basically, the main feature and what this game revolves around is the Swapper device, which enables you to make clones, swap with them, etc. It's something fresh and interesting brought to the table of game mechanics. The story should also not be taken lightly either. A story if looked into enough by paying attention to the game, collecting logs, and actually thinking about it, is something that's pretty deep, good, and thought-provoking. I know it did have an effect on my emotions, which is something I really appreciate when a video game is able to do that to me.This is a game that definitely deserves a lot of praise. It's a great, beautiful game that was not only a lot of fun to play, but also appreciate things like it's story, philosophical-related stuff, atmosphere, and more. I can easily see myself coming back to this game to play again down the road and would have no issues at all with another playthrough of it. It took me about a solid seven hours to complete the game, which I think was a decent length. Overall, my hat goes off to this game. A game I have no problem recommending to other people, as I believe it will provide a good challenge with a fun, but rewarding experience. Kudos to The Swapper!"
,Recommended,231160,24033231,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,YellowLab,"This is one polished puzzle game. It looks pretty. It has an interesting science fiction story. The music is great. The puzzle pacing is spot on. The one negative - it is too short! I want more! While it is short, it is complete. The game didn't linger longer than it should. The puzzles didn't feel recycled.In this game, you are ""The Swapper."" You are on an abandoned (?) space station and need to get out. You find a swapper gun that allows you to make clones of yourself and swap between them. You can have up to four clones on the screen in order to solve puzzles. The completion of a puzzle rewards you with some power orbs that then allow you to access other consoles in order to advance further in the game.In the beginning it is you and your gun. Then there are colored lights. Blue lights don't allow you to make a clone in them. You can make a clone through them though. Red lights don't allow you to swap to clones either in or through the light. The later puzzles introduce a gravity well that inverts gravity. Some of the later puzzles are tricky because the game limits your clones to less than four and you need to find the proper order to place and swap.This is a great little puzzle game that anyone interested in puzzles should check out."
,Recommended,231160,21852737,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,RiCHiE,Beautiful and relaxing platformer. I gotta recommend this one to puzzle adventure fans.
,Recommended,231160,28270267,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,just.like.that,"Great puzzle game with beautiful graphics and a sometimes haunting soundtrack. Very little voice acting but what is there is also very well done.StoryI don't want to go into the story too much since one of the compelling aspects of the game is that you start with almost no backstory at all and just get bits and pieces throughout the game which slowly give you an indication about what happened and what your role might be.So, just this much (no spoilers):You end up on an abandoned space station and try to find the only other person on the ship who sometimes talks to you via intercom. On your way to the station you go through a series of rooms, each with a puzzle that you have to solve in order to progress. Your only tool is the Swapper, a device that lets you make up to four clones of yourself with which you can swap places. The puzzles all require you to use your clones to reach an orb in an otherwise inaccessible place.PuzzlesThe developers did an excellent job in designing these puzzles, which increase in complexity over time. New mechanics are added that force you to develop new strategies and keep it interesting. There will be at least a few puzzles that will stump you at first but I strongly recommend to keep trying and not to give up too early. Sometimes it takes a while until it clicks and It is immensely rewarding to figure it out on your own eventually. Playtime for me was 10 hours.A little criticismThe story mostly progresses by finding memory terminals. Two names that turn up in the documents you'll find are Dennet and Chalmers, both names of contemporary philosophers. This is a not so subtle hint that this game also wants to make you think about philosophical questions like what is identity, are we just our brains or is there more etc..In this instance the game falls flat (imo). This is a game world in which it is clear that there must be something beyond the physical that you can swap around between clones of yourself that makes that particular clone ""you"".In our world, it is a pretty big philosophical disagreement whether there exists something beyond the physical (a ""soul"", if you are a religious person) or not. So, the game tries to make you think about this question while you are ostensibly swapping your soul/essence/whatchamacallit about. Didn't work for me.But I usually don't play games to think about stuff like this, so it didn't really affect my enjoyment of the game.I wholeheartedly recommend this game!"
76561197972467741,Recommended,231160,34052744,Posted: 5 August,all,ifiwereking,"First, I liked this very much. Second, I would recommend to those that enjoy puzzles. Third, a full range of puzzle difficulties. Fourth, interesting story line. Fifth, I definitely required online ""assistance"" with figuring out some puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,30630293,Posted: 19 March,all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"A well-designed atmospheric puzzle game without any hand-holding. All puzzles involve creating clones of yourself that all mimic your movements, while giving you the ability to swap between them with line-of-sight. Limited mechanics, but a good variety of puzzles, and really good difficulty progression.Sometimes the levels are too dark in places and it obscures platforms that are important for solving, making things harder than it needs to be. There's a map that you can access at any time that shows you where you've visited and what you've seen, so you'll never miss any story logs or anything else, which is great (although there are some hidden logs as secrets.) The story fit in very nicely and had a satisfying conclusion. Expect 5 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,231160,7724215,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,NaM,The Swapper is a not so linear puzzle game with an original and unique gameplay mechanic that increases it's difficulty as you progress through the game almost without you even knowing it adding a ridiculous level of immersion thanks to the high quality soundtrack paired with the artistic design and a mysterious story that will result in addiction until you are done with it.
,Recommended,231160,9219626,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Chris Fifty-Two,"A brilliant puzzle platformer with a beautiful claymation art style that gives the a great atmosphere along with the games solid soundtrack. Its well designed and you can see that a lot of thought have been put into the game. The puzzles are varied, and new mechanics keeps being introduced to keep things fresh and interesting. While the story took a backseat to the gameplay for me it adds a nice layer to the game that makes it well worth playing all the way to the end.The Swapper chooses to go for making every single achievement in the game missable by having them as optional story pickups that are very well hidden and are often their own little puzzles to be able to get them. Would recommend a guide to help to find them, and there are multiple available in the community hub.Time to 100%:4-5 hours"
,Recommended,231160,15102233,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aquaman,"The Swapper is a fun atmospheric exploration/puzzle game set in space. I have enjoyed my time playing it and have found the game to be quite entertaining. The ""swapper tool"" is especially cool because of the fact that you can clone yourself with it multiple times to get through the puzzle areas in the game. Overall this is a must buy for several hours of fun."
,Recommended,231160,25130444,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Diao Bombsky,Dim the lights. Put your headphones on. Drift gently into space.Incredible atmosphere. Very thought-provoking. Genuinely tough (and very smart and enjoyable) puzzles as the story unfolds.
,Recommended,231160,25677986,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Renefoetsie,"It's difficult, it's atmospheric and it philosophical.And it's really good.To be a little more in-depth. This game is a pure puzzler. It contains puzzles that require solution using yourself. Multiple times. It's atmosphere is dark and eerie and the story behind is very well written and makes you question certain aspects.Get it if you like puzzling or a pretty good story and something to think about."
,Recommended,231160,8405911,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,butters,A very good puzzle game with a surprisingly good story for an indie platformer.I highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a metroidvania style puzzle platformer.
,Recommended,231160,8441590,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Stokes,"A fun, unique and challenging puzzle game with a great atmosphere and setting."
,Recommended,231160,9539914,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Hitchet,Brilliant space puzzle about clones without deaths and enemies. Relaxing and a bit creepy story.8/10
,Recommended,231160,8661738,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Xray_StyleZ(OLD),"Чарівна гра, яка просто бере і грає на ваших почуттях. Складні й одночасно цікаві головоломки, чарівний звуковий супровід, унікальна картинка, неймовірна атмосфера - ось те, що затягує й не відпускає вас до самого фіналу. Єдине про що жалкуєш, так це про те, наскільки швидко вона закінчується. Фінал ставить перед вами важливий і психологічно важкий вибір... Ця гра, вона  як притча, яка несе у собі певну думку, вона коротка, але й одночасно неймовірно довга, адже вона залишається навічно у вашій пам'яті."
,Recommended,231160,24477162,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,A+,"GeneralHmm, how would I put it... It is anexcellentgame except for some things that really bothered me personally. Nonetheless, great game with thriller and slightly horrific taste.Pro's+ Atmosphere is amazing+ Puzzles+ Story & Narrative (although I didn't fully understand the story but it cleared up at the end)+ Music is intriguingNeutralPoints that sometimes I consider it a Pro and other times I consider it as a Con:* Guidance, basically you would explore areas that might ruin part of the story because there weren't enough directions to begin with. However, on the other hand it gives you the advantage of exploration.* Log UI, yes it might be authentic to mimic the spaceship's old computers console. However, it seems kind of washed and not conveying the serious nature of some logs late game (at least a bit of orange or red here and there would do the trick)Con's- Lack of tutorials in the puzzles early game (you don't know what the red, blue, or purple lights do until you experience it yourself)- No Save indicator (yes I might be picky but in order to make sure that 1 hour of progress is not lost at least show me a sign that my progress is saved!)Rate8.5 / 10Worth Full Price?No, better get it at sale (isthereanydeal site, reddit/gamedeals, ...etc)"
,Recommended,231160,28743654,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,zerepzerreitug,"I came to this game for the puzzles, I stayed for the existential crisis.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,12933795,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Holysword,"If you're into puzzles, this game is for you.No agility needed (or at least I can't recall any part that needs it). Only pure logic.No cross-correlating either, every puzzle is self sufficient and you don't need knowledge acquired somewhere else to solve it.The story is interesting also, rather philosophical revolving around the ""what is a thought?"" question. Don't expect a masterpiece that will change the gaming industry in this sense, but it was coolI just regret that the game was rather short, but I am not 100% sure that adding more content would be a good idea."
,Recommended,231160,26402631,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,heyoulan,"Amazing story and great puzzles! Didn't expect much from this game when I bought it, played it 2 times, read evey log and conversation again to understand the story and see the other ending. Such a deep game, I loved it so much! 100/10 recommended"
,Recommended,231160,25931243,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Yodzilla,The Swapper is one of the best puzzle-adventure games I've ever played. I'm dumb as hell when it comes to puzzles but these are well designed enough that I was able to learn the rules and feel brilliant about solving things. It's got great atmosphere and an intriguing story. Very recommended!
,Recommended,231160,22217956,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ven7ure,"Very interesting story, good music , puzzles are fantastic.This game managed to gain my curiosityDefinitely one of the best puzzle games"
76561197992705953,Recommended,231160,27783308,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Teh Beej,"A+ game, a true hidden gem, As you progress, you realize the true potential of the clone gun and the power it provides. Puzzles are challenging, artwork is great, atmosphere is amazing, overall joy to play."
,Recommended,231160,27362109,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leeroy Jenkins,"One of my first steam games, replayed it a few times when i got it: it still hangs in my favorites section to this day. if your looking for a mind bending sci-fi mystery, look no further."
76561198081534321,Recommended,231160,24714355,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SigmaAoi,"Amazing atmosphere, interesting story, cool mechanics, and great puzzles that can get quite tough."
76561198134270486,Recommended,231160,32000619,Posted: 27 May,all,tomiveson,"If you’re a fan of either sci-fi mystery or puzzle games, I can’t recommend this enough. Fantastically atmospheric, with a compelling philosophical theme that reveals itself at just the right pace, and nicely ties the central gameplay mechanic to the story. The score is stunning and perfectly complements the dream-like feel of the game.The compact puzzles that make up the substance of the gameplay combine just a few simple concepts to produce a surprising amount of variety, and I felt the difficulty was pitched just about right. There are refreshingly few technical demands, but plenty to test your spatial reasoning and imagination.I played this on a Core i3 laptop with onboard HD4000 graphics and it was mostly fine, with a little bit of chugginess towards the end, but not enough to interfere with gameplay."
,Recommended,231160,21787827,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CynaMel,"This was Surprisingly a hard and interesting game to play.Finally finished it.The Swapper is a Puzzle Platformer that uses some interesting mechanics for solving them, Using clones of oneself.The game certainly did peak my interest at certain points to know more about the origin story, giving  peaks and teasers as you solve the puzzle and obtain Encryption orbs. We need to collect a certain amount of Encryption orbs to get past each section of the game. Saying more would spoil the game.. :)Pros:+Graphics-Stunning+Atmosphere- Alone in space?...yeah this got it right.+Puzzles and Level design (some took me more than an hour)+Writing- for all you intellectual minds :D+Gameplay mechanics+BGMs- Defintely complimented the game+Difficulty - No Hand holding or puzzle solving cheats. Makes you think HARD(which can hurt some people). :DCons:- The Achievements: THEY SHOULD HAVE NAMED IT SUPER SECRETS.YOU CANNOT GET ALL OF THEM WITHOUT A GUIDE.I bought in a sale, never expected to invest so many hours into it.Definitely Recommend this Game.Rarely does a game challenge the aspects of self realisation.9/10."
,Recommended,231160,21447006,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hooloovoo,"If you want a good, short, puzzle game, this is the game for you.You have a gun that can make clones, and the clones move how you do. You can swap to them. That's basically the take away for the puzzle aspect.The game is really short, you can easily beat it in one sitting. The story is simple, but interesting. It brings up some interesting questions about cloning as well.Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,231160,8808858,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,HKZonda,"Havent played anything that is so much challenging as Briad in recent years~One or two of the puzzles just kept me stuck for an hour, great and brillian design~ (Y)"
76561198031765203,Recommended,231160,23924265,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"The Swapper is quite beautiful in many regards - the ambiance is perfect, the story is mysterious, and the soundtrack is engrossing.At heart this is a puzzle game. The puzzles start off fairly simple but become more challenging as you progress. I did have to look up a few of the solutions because they can become quite the brain twisters. I would imagine these puzzles were not easy to design so props to the designers of the puzzles.I can't really think of anything to criticize about The Swapper - it is executed quite well.As a side note, I found this game because I was looking under the ""Metroidvania"" tag, but The Swapper is definitely not a Metroidvania style game. So if you are buying this because of that tag just realize it's misleading. I would recommend buying the game anyways because it's simply fantastic.The Swapper should take approximately 3-5 hours to finish depending on your proficiency at puzzle solving."
76561198006675472,Recommended,231160,34443685,Posted: 23 August,all,sleepyhell,"Pretty game with challenging puzzles and a great scifi story. I picked it up because it had the same writer as the talos principle, you could tell."
,Recommended,231160,8578581,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Meik,"Puzzles that really get you thinking using a unique gameplay mechanic, beautiful visuals, thought-provoking plot, Metroid-like map. PLAY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,231160,8428437,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Αθηναϊκή Ζυθοποιία,"The moment I watched the trailer I immediately thought of two games that I enjoyed a lot: Waking Mars and Portal series from Valve. If you've played any of those two, you're going to love this one! The gameplay is extremely engaging and you'll b hooked from the very first minute.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,231160,8827389,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Scerttle,"A puzzle platformer that evokes Metroid and Limbo in loneliness and atmosphere, Braid in its bend-your-brain mechanics, and Bioshock Infinite in its ability to make you question the nature of existence and reality.The graphic design has a unique feel to it that I liked quite a lot, looking sort of like models or a play set. Music and sound effects were appropriately haunting, and what little dialogue it had was well written and performed.Definitely worth a look if you're after a brief, thoughtful, experience."
,Recommended,231160,8697164,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,fushi,"Despite what it may look like in the screens, this is a puzzle game above else. You enter rooms, solve the puzzles and get orbs to proceed to new rooms, in the tried and true metroidvania fashion. Except there are no enemies and everything is kinda dark and gloomy all the time.The plot is also  bit of a mindbender at times, but whether it will give you ""pause for thought"" (Destructoid) or make you ""ask questions about mortality and morality"" (IGN) is somewhat debatable. The setting and the plot are certainly interesting, but I found the writing to be a little too obtuse at times, serving more of a cosmetic function and enabling the gameplay to evolve in strict accordance with the gameworld's inner logic. Furthermore, the puzzles, being the core of experience, also work towards killing many moments of immersion as the game rinses and repeats the same pacing pattern over and over again. Neither game nor story surprises you at any moment, the flow of everything is all to steady for that.Still, the puzzles were pretty good, save for a few exceptions, and the atmosphere that it built up, it kept and played out right until the credits began to roll. The audio design and soundtrack in general deserve a special shout out for that.4 out of five."
76561197997927151,Recommended,231160,31939925,Posted: 24 May,all,nbilyk,"I picked this one up at 60% off, and at that price, I felt it was worth it.Gameplay time: 4-10 hrs depending on your puzzle solving.Pros:* Good puzzles* Good graphics* Interesting mechanisCons:* Annoying unskippable cut scenes and ""talking stone"" interruptions* Overly dramatic and bass-amplified sound track makes what's already a nonsensical storyline impossible to understand and follow* VERY unsatisfying ending. Not even a good final puzzle.I'm giving it a thumbs up by the virtue of the well thought out puzzles, it is a puzzle game after all."
,Recommended,231160,23798308,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,joyfullyDeadly,"Pretty good platforming puzzler with an excellent story. While the puzzles are reason enough to get the game, the story is even better.You play as ???. You're in space. You can clone yourself, as long as there's no blue light where you're putting the clone. You can swap with the clone as long as there's no red light blocking your shot to the clone. Purple light acts like red and blue light. That's all of the puzzle mechanics! A perfect example of how you only need a few consistent mechanics to make a good puzzle game.One complaint:The ending has a single branch. As far as I can tell, this is the only dynamic part of the story. Unfortunately, it seems like you have to play through the whole game twice to see both endings, despite the rest of the game being the same. This kinda' sucks."
76561198048974498,Recommended,231160,12361991,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I started playing this one just before procuring a short-term office job - one which walks that thin tight-rope between being utterly mindless and requiring just that teeny weeny bit of mental concentration - and I'm afraid that this game has been a temporary casualty of said event.  In other words I've thrown in the towel for the time being, but most certainly NOT because this isn't a ♥♥♥♥ING EXCELLENT GAME.See, I'm over 40 now, and despite having not consumed all THAT much alcohol for a human of my years, I still only have so many brain cells to go around...and a large number of them have recently been dedicated to the practices of getting up ridiculously early (like, before MIDDAY, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake), showering and dressing (in more complicated clothes than a pair of shorts and a t-shirt with holes in it), brushing my teeth and hair, spraying on some deodorant, then getting on a bus and doing a six hour shift - that's SIX MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN' HOURS, goddammit - in which I fiddle with reams of paperwork.  So when it comes time to drag my weary♥♥♥♥♥♥home and put on some well-earned games, I'm really not up to anything which requires as monumental a mental effort as this absolute little GEM of a puzzle-platformer.  This game is SMART, yo.  Almost too smart for me at the best of times, and frankly way over my head in its current state of cerebral short-circuit.So yes, after getting, I dunno, maybe half-way or so through it, I've had to put this game aside for the time being...but believe me when I say I WILL be coming back to it.  Between the ingeniously imaginative clay-built visuals, the cleverly-implemented cloning device your character uses to multiply himself, and the completely logical yet sometimes mind-♥♥♥♥ingly hard puzzles themselves, this game has QUALITY written all over it.  Highly recommended to anyone with an IQ at least slightly above that of a well-bred chimp (which isn't me right at this moment in time, sad to say)...Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,231160,1547312,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,noibn,"Although it looks like a platformer, The Swapper is really a puzzle game at its core. And a fantastic one at that. You play as a survivor in a desolate space station, trying to find a way to escape. In order to do so, you have to solve a series of puzzles that involve creating clones of yourself. Using the ""Swapper"" device, you can create up to 4 clones, each of which duplicates your exact movements. Additionally, you can swap your consciousness to any clones that's within your line of sight (i.e. change the clone controlled by the player). But of course, there's a catch - light. Some rooms contain blue and/or red light. In blue light, clones can't be created, but can be swapped into; and in red light, clones can be created, but can't be swapped into. Put all of these elements together, and it's a mighty fine recipe for some mind-bending puzzles. The game starts off simple enough in order to introduce all of the mechanics, but once you've been taught what you need to know, get ready for a challenge. The level/puzzle design is nothing short of brilliant. You will get stuck at some point, but eventually the solution will click and you'll feel a real sense of accomplishment. There is nothing unfair about any of the challenges you'll face. It just comes down to you, patience, and working out the solutions. One cannot ask more from a puzzle game. Gameplay aside, The Swapper also excels in its presentation. The visuals (comprised of clay models) and music (which is minimal but great) combine to create an amazing atmosphere. Think Metroid by way of Alien, except there are no enemies to fight - only puzzles to solve. If you enjoy cerebral puzzle games, The Swapper is a no-brainer. This is absolutely one of the best games of its kind I have ever played, and that it was created by such a small team is extremely impressive. Check it out.Final grade: A-Technical notes: I played the game right at launch, and apparently there were some issues for a few people running the game. I encountered no problems myself, but you may just want to take a look at the discussion forum first to see if your PC could be affected (for instance I think Intel graphics don't currently work with it). Secondly, in terms of control method, while this may look like the type of game that would benefit from using a controller, I don't think that is the case. From my experience, mouse and keyboard is the most efficient, ideal control method. And finally, as far as gameplay, one thing to keep in mind is that the final 124 Orb door is a ""point of no return"". Once you enter the final area, your saved game will not be able to continue where you left off - only restart from scratch. So if you wish to explore the station to find any secrets or collect all the logs, make sure to to do so before opening the final door."
,Not Recommended,231160,32796143,Posted: 25 June,all,awimachinegun,"Many of the puzzles are easy enough to be solved on the first try.  There are 2 or 3 which are genuinely challenging, and one which I had to resort to expoiting some of the loose mechanics of the game (such as clones responding differently to direction changes than the player character) to solve.  The story is unfortunately vague, as it has to be given that it is told in a couple dozen logs and only a few more lines of dialogue.  Overall the game is 3-4 hours long, and certainly not worth the $15 price tag.  Visually, there is nothing you can't find in any other indie title.  It may be worth a buy if it is on sale and you are a fan of sci-fi short stories and/or puzzle games, but as a person with only a passing interest in these subjects, I was left unsatisfied."
,Recommended,231160,13030677,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,A Wild Pokemon,"When I first was recommended The Swapper, I was skeptical. My friend knows me fairly well, so it wasn't that I didn't think I would like it, but rather, it felt like an expensive game for what it sold itself as. A standard puzzle-platformer with a unique art style. Awesome.But really, the game was much more. The craftsmanship and love are in the details of the atmosphere, from the minute textures on the models, to creepy sound design, to integration of the plot into the mechanics (discovering what The Swapper is).Overall, I would justify a full-price purchase in support of the studio and wanting to see more games like this, though for most people the pure hours logged into this game may not justify the price at anything more than $5. As a mirror to the game itself, a lot is going to depend on your knowledge of ""self"" in whether this game is going to be a good purchase."
,Recommended,231160,2473691,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,smartblue,"What a gorgeous game.  I felt more dread, confusion, mystery and remorse through the core swapping mechanic than in any one other game this generation.  Be forewarned about the metroidvania comparisons: there's no enemies, only some tricky puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,8246670,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,charlequin,"A meditative sci-fi game that is half clever and unique puzzler built around a unique conceit, and half a thoroughly strange exploration of the nature of consciousness. The puzzles are excellent and the story intriguing; at around 4-5 hours it doesn't outstay its welcome. A must for any fan of puzzle-platform games."
,Recommended,231160,22064871,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Jorji,"Difficult puzzle game with an eerie theme, great storyline in the medium of memory logs.The ending is well worth the struggle to reach and should not be spoiled for anyone.Overall great experience playing."
76561198046675687,Recommended,231160,7771639,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,XDragon182,A smart and mysterious puzzle game with a  great art design and gameplay mechanic.
,Recommended,231160,10690015,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,Only just played for an hour but it's brilliant. Very clever puzzles so far.
,Recommended,231160,10933762,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,unlin™,"Pros:+storyline makes you want to know more about what happened+innovative gameplay, very interesting+mind-soothing piano-played music+special graphic effect, it looks really fantastic+80%off, only $2.99!A must-buy if you like platformers & puzzlers."
76561198058300124,Recommended,231160,6065476,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Maverick,"Clever game here people! No guns, no blood, no being chased by rabid dogs and people.Some of the puzzles are great with ""gotcha""moments, others leave you swelling with pride on how quickly you solved them. Some leave you absolutely frustrated and scratching your head as you mutter to yourself, ""how is this even possible!!!"".Quirky, easy to pickup. Shortlived, sure, but worth the money..."
,Recommended,231160,12963726,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Rush,"Gorgeously constructed sets teeming with atmosphere serve as playground to puzzles that are all-too-commonly frustrating for casual players. Like most indie puzzle platformers of its time, the Swapper's artsy image is tarnished by obtuseness and tedium, but what's there in spite of its flaws is still quite compelling."
,Recommended,231160,28178277,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Teklogikal,"Fantastic game! Great atmosphere, easy to grasp controls, and beautiful art! Highly recommend giving this a try!"
,Recommended,231160,26725405,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BoomChuck,"Really makes you think about the definition of identity, the meaning of thought, and the possiblity of the soul, all in a classic sci-fi atmosphere."
,Recommended,231160,14584854,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ａｒｃｈｉ,"Neat premise and well packaged. Does not over stay its welcome, well worth the asking price."
76561198078093020,Recommended,231160,9946293,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,James Mackey,"Four reasons why this game is so Great!1.Stunning graphics2.Astonishing visual design3.Amazing atmosphere4.About the puzzles of this game well aren't easy to solve it's little bit exigentWhat more can I say about this game oh yeah ""highly recommended"""
,Recommended,231160,7554058,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Major Dick Bong,Fun with Cartesian Dualism.
76561198086059876,Recommended,231160,35158327,Posted: 23 September,all,Mensh,"One of THE best games I've played in the past........everFor real, you gotta get that masterpiece"
,Recommended,231160,7908967,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jinxtah,"Trapped in the abandoned space station Theseus, you’re left to explore the seemingly empty and dark corridors with nothing but a little device which can be used to clone yourself up to 4 times. The device, while not terribly impressive at first, soon has you traveling vertically, leaving a trail of discarded clones to fall to their death as you transfer your consciousness from one clone to the next in order to get to otherwise impossible to reach locations.You’ll soon realize that your clones are useful tools needed to help you solve the various puzzles in the game. They will jump when you jump, and move in whatever direction you move in. You are almost always required to sacrifice the clones in order to progress to the next section of the game, and the implications of this are tied beautifully into the story. All the puzzles are based around using these clones, be it to press a button at the right time, or standing in strategic positions to swap to, in order to navigate the room.Now this may sound easy, and it is at first, presenting problems which only take a minute or two to figure out, but with the introduction of different colored lights, which prevent certain actions (like creating new clones, or transferring your consciousness though the space the light occupies), the game becomes a lot harder, and by the end you could be staring at your screen for quite a while before coming up with a solution.Some puzzles will be so hard that you may find yourself wondering if the puzzle is even possible to solve at first. This is in large part due to the rarity of puzzles that simply build on the last challenge you just solved, meaning you’ll have to continually think of new ways to use your clones in order to progress.While this may sound frustrating, it is negated by the fact that when you do finally figure out the solution, and grab the Trigon Orbs needed to unlock the next section of the game, it often leads to moments of incredible satisfaction, which is a rare thing these days.The soundtrack doesn’t really stand out in any way, but it fits the game well, and enforces the spooky loneliness of the vast space station you’re exploring, and, while it’s not something I’d want to listen to on its own, it does the job well enough to be mentioned.Overall, this is a game that demands more of its players, and treats them as capable puzzle solvers right from the start. It may not be for everyone, but what the game does, it does incredibly well, and the 4-5 hours gameplay ensures that it doesn’t overstay its welcome.The game is quite innovative, and definitely worth trying, but unless you’re a hardcore puzzle gamer fan, I’d wait for a discount before checking it out."
,Recommended,231160,12481663,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,H.I. McDunnough,One of the most atmospheric and gorgeous games I have ever played.  The puzzles are challenging enough and the story unfolds before your eyes.  Very few games have been able to nail both of those in my book :)
,Recommended,231160,3695132,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,☠Lady☠Darkness☠,"Very good puzzle game! I usually don't like this kind of game but this one is so amazing and surprising! Some puzzles in this game are really difficult and you need a while to figure out how to manage them. At the same time, the atmosphere all over the game is relaxing because of the sweet soundtrack and because it takes place somewhere in space. You'll enjoy it :D"
,Recommended,231160,11330221,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,✖ Blakk,"Superb puzzler. In every way: decent story, innovative mechanics, bug free (at least for me), nice assortment of puzzles, not too simple and challenging enough. Moral choice ending.I wouldn't say there's much replay value (well, other than to see the other ending - obviously) but it's worth your money and your time as it is."
,Recommended,231160,10754385,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sumurai8,"Great puzzle game. The puzzles started out slow, but the last few puzzles are really quite hard. It has a nice atmosphere to it and the message that is told through the game is quite interesting. The steam achievements were deviously hidden, and I had to quickly play through it a second time to get them.All in all it was an ejoyable 5-ish hours I needed to finish the game. When it is for sale again for a few dollars, it is worth picking up. It might not be long, but it is worth playing through once if you like puzzle games."
,Recommended,231160,13914628,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Anacarnil,"So.What am I supposed to write, now?It's simply a masterpiece. Perhaps THE Masterpiece OR... better, THE MASTERPIECE. (Because capitals just underline what words cannot.)Wrapping up a game in that graphic style isn't a simple matter. And adding, to that incredible mix of atmosphere and artistic vision, a story told in that way and involving around those topics... Well.You are an astronaut.You have found this strange device on this derelic ship lost in the middle of nowhere somewhere in the space. The device allows you to create clones, and to swap consciousness between one of them. But, at this point, what truly is consciousness?Go,andPLAY.Facepalm Games, thank you. Really."
76561198026644777,Recommended,231160,10861335,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,{158} Mcnolty,A suprisingly awesome little game. Has a very dark and desolate atmosphere to it similar to Limbo albeit in space. The puzzle are an interesting blend of mind-bending and reality disortion. The graphics are of higher quality than I expected from screenshots and trailers. It has a strange isolated feeling beauty to it. Sound design is also quite good however much of it consists of ominous unsettling sounds. All in all I was really impressed with what I have played of the game so far and hope to trudge through to its completion shortly.8/10
,Recommended,231160,10955062,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Scorporal,The Swapper is a nice Indie Game. Took me 6 hours to complete the game with all achievements. The achievements are really hard to find without walktroughs. The game was worth the 3 Euros I paid. I recommend the game for anyone who likes athmosphreic space games and a lot of puzzles. Oh and a last thing: Swap!8/10
,Recommended,231160,15593056,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZestfulFibre,"There are not enough good words in the world to describe The Swapper, looks like you'll just have to play it and find out.If you have any interest in philosophy you cannot pass this game by."
,Recommended,231160,216303,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Kelso,"This is a hauntingly beautiful game where you solve puzzles by cloning yourself and swapping (hence the name) main controll between the clones. The atmosphere built up combined with the gripping story makes this one of the best games I've played in a long time. It reminds me a bit of Limbo in it's simplicity and beauty. And did I mention that all the graphics are made out of actual clay? Games like these are uncommon, and you really shouldn't miss it!"
,Recommended,231160,29351293,Posted: 18 January,all,HolyHandGrenade,Fun puzzle game with a neat core mechanic. Short and the story is okay. I'd definitely recommend picking it up during a steam sale
,Recommended,231160,8670814,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ralewyn,"The Swapper seemed to me on its surface like some kind of subdued indie horror game. Its visuals and presentation piqued my interest.I was pleasantly surprised to find that its core mechanic was really the star of the show. In a genre so awash with titles that try way too hard to be innovative and not hard enough to actually be a good game, it's refreshing to see a game with genuinely unique gameplay that's genuinely fun to play at its core.It's short, and the plot isn't all that interesting, but the puzzles are great, swapping is simple but has a wide bredth of uses, and looks gorgeous."
76561197991173147,Recommended,231160,12146240,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,kendraco,"A puzzle game that got me wondering about life itself. Great atmosphere and a good story, very well achieved. 9/10"
,Recommended,231160,8634503,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mithadon,This game blew me away.
76561198122291447,Recommended,231160,12872422,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Little Misha,"I found the game uniquely challenging with a couple different phases to keep things interesting. The ambiance is relaxing and there is enough story line to complement the completion of tasks.  Great game, would recommend."
76561197988388135,Recommended,231160,1170843,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Mari,"The Swapper is a great game that leaves you wanting more. The puzzles are borderline addictive to the point that you don’t want to leave until they are solved.  As you learn to control your clones, your newly discovered moves serve as tools to solve future puzzles. When traveling to the next destination, you pass through such beautiful landscapes that just forces you to stop for a moment simply to acknowledge & appreciate the amazing detail. The game is fascinating and provides for a lively experience. I recommend you immerse yourself in it the way I did! :)"
,Recommended,231160,9339006,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,xPicrossx,"The Swapper is an atmospheric puzzle game that takes place in a mysterious space station.The hero will have to find his way out by resolving puzzles with the ""swap-gun"", an unique device that allows the player to create clones of itself. But the scenario is way deeper than that.Every detail has been polished, giving the game this unique and magnificent atmosphere that reminded me of Super Metroid.More than just a game, The Swapper is a life changing experience, that has been made with love and talent. Give it a try, it's brillant."
,Recommended,231160,27318893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,peterbourbon,"Such a beautifully crafted, mysterious and mind-boggling game with really challenging puzzles and a creative (but simple) game concept, based on clone-production to find your way through rooms and gather orbs. On top of that you experience a dense narrational story aspect accompanied by wonderful dark space-artwork (Ridley Scott's Alien came to my mind). Definitely recommended (even more with the recent nice price)."
,Recommended,231160,15352771,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,El Toro Benito,"A side-scrolling puzzle platformer made unique by an interesting game mechanic; the ability to create clones and swap your consciousness to the newly created clone!As you move around and solve puzzles the bodies of the clones you’ve recently inhabited inevitably meet their end and when they do its impossible not to wonder, was it murder or suicide?Expect an eerie setting inside a derelict space station, with a low-key pace, and well-designed puzzles that rise in difficulty pleasantly to keep you satisfied all the way until the unnerving finale."
,Recommended,231160,8611381,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jab,"Amazing game with great puzzle designs, easily one of the best games of 2013. The only catch is that it is on the short side, but   it makes up for that with quality."
76561198065269589,Recommended,231160,10732825,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Geouug,"Beautiful visuals, challenging puzzles, and engaging story. 8/10"
76561197974510971,Recommended,231160,32579901,Posted: 19 June,all,timmael,"Beautiful, challenging and fun; this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,231160,22351195,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Bats (motivated noob),"If you're a Portal fan, you'll be a Swapper fan."
76561198010359346,Recommended,231160,28114897,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mr.Ink,"This game is lovely, i would say that it is one of the better games i have played in a long time.The story is great and reminds me even a little bit of SOMA, another amazing game.It is not too long or too short, so it keeps the puzzles fresh and interestingI would not recomend it to anyone that does not like a good head scratcher, the puzzles are clever and hard but fairFor me this one is a 10/10Love it, play it, feel it."
,Recommended,231160,12869483,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,chairbender,"One of my favorite puzzle platformers so far (and I've played a lot). Everything is great: atmosphere, story, gameplay, sound, etc..."
,Recommended,231160,7836812,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Noumenon,"Wow. Just, wow. I just finished the Steam indie game 'The Swapper'. Amazing. Deep. Thought-provoking. Questions of nouemenal and phenomenal basis for knowledge, mortality, consciousness and more form the basis of the deep and 'twisty' (???) story of this game. Clearly very Platonic, Neitzschean, Kantian influenced. The 'end' was 'sufficient' and playing through the game itself was the most rewarding part. The atmosphere and aesthetic reminds me of a mix of 'Alien' and 'Dead Space' and the visuals are absolutely gorgeous (iirc, they were all hand-crafted with clay or something).It's a 'pure' puzzle-platformer (no combat) that's really, really fun and addictive and at times *absolutely brain-busting*. Loading times are literally non-existant. Gameplay involves your character finding a device that can create mindless 'clones' of yourself that move exactly as you move. You can transfer your 'consciousness' / 'will' to any of them, given that you have a direct line of sight. Sometimes your previous 'selves' must be sacrificed in order to use the environment and this device to accomplish puzzles and progress in the game. Very interesting and innovative gameplay mechanics, here.Definitely recommend! 9/10, would bang.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AidyRHYg74c"
,Recommended,231160,931804,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,teoKrazia,"A great pure sci-fi experience: dark, atmospheric, rarefied and touched by intriguing philosophical implications. Oh, and it's also a very enjoyable puzzle-action game, with a fresh concept, very polished mechanics, great audiovisuals and some of creepiest ragdoll death sequences ever seen."
,Recommended,231160,8521854,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Absolutely amazing game. I've never played anything like The Swapper, Beautiful cosmic visuals and sound effects. The puzzles go far beyond just your average game. The clones, 'Fast Belts' and Zero Gravity, I love it. I highly recommend this game for anyone who wants to try something new and refreshing. You can easily be seen zoning out and playing this for hours. It happened on my first time playing. 10/10"
,Recommended,231160,11013727,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Alex,"This game has an amazing atmosphere, well-made mechanics, and challenging-but-not-impossible puzzles. The plot, while simple, is gripping, and suits the ambience well. I didn't realize, either, how artistic this game would be, and I'm glad I bought it.Pros:- Good game mechanics- A suspensful plot- Amazing atmosphere and ambience- Interesting philisophical undertonesCons:- A couple puzzles that are a little too challengingOverall, I really enjoyed this game, and it gave me several hours of good gameplay. I would definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,231160,10030296,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ff,"This game is fantastic if you like scifi. Exploring a deserted space station, solving puzzles and finding out what has happened. After starting this game up for the first time I played it for a couple of hours even though I had loads of work I needed to do!"
,Recommended,231160,11237421,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Slon,intresting sci-fi and relaxing game
,Recommended,231160,12534806,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ground Tank,"I think this game is supposed to be really overrated and pretentious or something but I liked it anyway because I'm a mere plebian.  The claymation art style is eye candy, puzzles are challenging (I think) story is imaginative (I think, I don't know, I've seen rants tearing it apart but I rarely like things anymore so I choose to stay ignorant), and both of the endings were good, but especially the one where youfall down the bottomless pit while the aliens start speaking to you, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that was crazy."
,Recommended,231160,11106243,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nighthawk,"PresentationWhile it might not be clear at first, The Swapper wants to send a message and then leave you to ask the questions, without ever telling you the answers to them. Clearly inspired by space odyssey classic films such as Moon or Solaris, The Swapper puts you in the role of a stranded spaceman seeking a way out of a space station that is undeniably doomed, but bumping into different stories, messages and characters on the way out, and giving you access to the swapper, a weapon designed to create up to four different clones of yourself and allowing you to swap between them. Once that becomes a regular thing, the game pushes ideas such as what happens to the clones that you leave behind or is swapping souls really a reality, planting them in your head so you can start and ask your own questions about mortality and existence and go deeper with the story it wants to tell based on what you are seeking after processing those things through your head on your own. Even with all the messages left behind and the information you get from other survivors or the mysterious rocks, in the end you will still have unanswered questions, but that is part of the mystery, something that might instantly make a sequel something worth looking into in the future. There is no restriction on where to go and what to do, as each puzzle area solved will reward you with a number of orbs that you will later use to perform a certain action and open up a new area, but the order in which you obtain those orbs and where you want to go next is entirely up to you. On the other hand, exploring other areas of the game wishing that you could uncover more things can leave you disappointed as even with all the movement liberty, the game follows a linear pattern and your only concern is getting the amount of orbs shown about the console in order to make your way to the next area and progress the story, and most areas which are not part of a puzzle portion lack the secondary events to make them worth exploring.Rating: 9GameplayWhat makes The Swapper a unique game to play is the weapon that gives the game's title, allowing you to create up to four different clones of yourself, reproducing all your movements and allowing you to swap between them. Standing in your way are three different light beams, starting with the red beam that allows you to create clones inside it, but blocks the ability to swap to other clones if the swapper's trajectory goes through that beam, the blue beam that acts exactly the opposite and the purple beam that has both of the downsides. Combining the use of those beams with typical platforming elements such as gaps between platforms or switches results in unique puzzles that feel refreshing, but at the same time intuitive, making practice and trying out different approaches the key to succeeding. Even though you will mostly use your abilities inside the puzzle sections which are always marked on your map, making your way from one chamber to the next one is a challenge all by itself, as you will often have obstacles in your way or be forced to use the reverse gravity portal to reach the other end of the room. The best thing about the Swapper's gameplay however, is that it never feels old or repetitive as it constantly introduces new elements and making puzzles more challenging, but putting the knowledge your earn throughout the game to good use, they still feel clever and intuitive. As refreshing as the puzzles are, there are some concepts such as the zero gravity sections that feel left behind, as there are no puzzles utilizing that concept and the only portion of the game where the idea was used was when you had to move to the other end of the station in order to advance the game. Messages are also an important part of what The Swapper wants to achieve as they will detail the plot further as well as provide hints to help you complete puzzles easier and use the game's mechanics in a better way.Rating: 8.5GraphicsThis game is merely beautiful, and even though the entire story takes place in and around a space station, the environment is crafted in such a way to make each chamber feel unique and a significant part of the same set of rooms. The design feels monotone, but in this case that only contributes to the overall feeling of being stranded in space, desperately looking for the way out, only to find yourself in another chamber that looks different and at the same time astonishingly beautiful, but putting your skills to the test once more.Rating: 9.5AudioAs good as it looks, The Swapper knows exactly the way it wants to make you feel by adding thrilling tunes in the background and changing the tone whenever something significant happens. Apart from the few characters that you will encounter during your journey there is little dialogue, but you will find console messages left behind wherever you go and rocks that will leave you messages that go deeper into the story, but unfortunately those are not voiced over, which is disappointing considering the bigger impact a godly rock leaving you messages could have on the lonely ambient.Rating: 8.5ExtrasIt takes around 6 hours to get through the game's campaign, maybe another extra hour if some puzzles give you a hard time, and even though the ending is more than worth the journey, there is nothing else waiting for you afterwards. There is an alternate ending however, which can only be seen if you replay the entire campaign and take a different choice at the end, but considering the fact that you already know how to solve each puzzle, you'll probably question yourself if a second playthrough is really worth it when you can just look for the alternate ending online.Rating: 6VerdictThe Swapper is truly one of a kind experience, and while it comes with its few flaws and ideas not reaching the peek they could have, for the price tag it comes with, it is more than worth the purchase, especially if you're into platformers and looking for something fresh to bring you back into the game.Rating Overall: 8.3Check out the full review and a lot more about The Swapper athttp://gamedragons.net/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=266[/h1]"
,Recommended,231160,3597769,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"I wanted to write an actual recommendation instead of single sentence I previously wrote.  So yeah, I liked this game a lot.  The Swapper obviously draws comparisons to similar gun-based physics-puzzlers Portal or Gateways, but with the twist that you are creating and killing your own clones to progress through the space station.  It's not the most innovative or complicated puzzle mechanic, but it is backed up by a great sci-fi story and some increasingly challenging obstacles.  I'd like to boast that I completed the game without the help of any guides, but that would be a lie.  And every time I had to reference a guide to complete a room, I always thought: ""well, durr, of course that's how it's done.""  So, challenging but not cheap or too complicated.I would put the story in the same vein as the film Moon or the novel/film Solaris.  It's great sci-fi that gives you enough to get the gist of what has happened but leaves plenty of blanks for you to fill in.  Worth the price if you are into these types of games, but I wouldn't be surprised to see it in a Humble Bundle at some point if you wait.  And, holy crap, the ending!"
,Recommended,231160,8614635,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,SF_Engineer,Awesome puzzle game with stunning visuals. The controls are simple but the way you solve the puzzles with your clones can get pretty complex! If you enjoy puzzle games (like the portal series for example) you will like this game alot. Support indie games!
76561198333621998,Recommended,231160,32007217,Posted: 27 May,all,MAKAIROSI,"An amazing, unique puzzle game with great atmosphere. I seriously see no cons with this game, everything was perfect for what it is. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a mysterious, dark atmosphere with really cool puzzles. I found it really addictive. For this genre and this price i can't put any grade lower than a solid 10..."
,Recommended,231160,21977957,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BaalsDepe,"Very pretty game with an interesting premise. I haven't gotten far into the plot, but it seems compitant enough. It's not the most unique game, but it's very fun and I'm addicted... so it's doin♥♥♥♥♥♥right.EDIT: The ending is pretty excellent XD"
,Recommended,231160,21840373,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,FatCat,"Beautiful game. The visuals are all handmade clay models, with gorgeous lighting effects. The Swapper itself is a great enabler for the puzzles found in the game, and it's a mechanic that allows for tons of unique gameplay that also ties perfectly into the narrative being told.Metroid meets Portal in a hauntingly stunning sci-fi puzzle game."
,Recommended,231160,8414181,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sdoots,"I don't like puzzle games.The Swapper is easily one of my favorite games of 2013.From the beginning, I was enthralled with the game. It has an engrossing claybased art style that manages to be more haunting than anything, a somber, loneliness reinforcing piano soundtrack, and a story that gracefully reveals itself over multiple methods. This isn't even to mention the actual gameplay, which is the kind of smart that makes you wonder how it hasn't been done before. If it has, it certainly wasn't this good.You'll approach a puzzle using your handy Swapper. With it, you can create several clones of yourself that will mimic your movements, and swap which ones body you currently control by simply aiming and firing at them. The ultimate goal of each puzzle is to reach an orb at the end, as these orbs unlock more areas of the derelict spacecraft you are trapped aboard.Like any good puzzle game, The Swapper adds in new mechanics to the toybox as you progress, and these are done so with such graceful pacing that it never feels overwhelming. Difficult, yes, but not overwhelming. Lights of different colors are introduced, with blue lights blocking the ""swap"" effect, while a red light prevents a clone from being placed. Towards the end, gravity starts being played with on top of all of this. It can be a lot to wrap your head around, and I will admit I had to look up a solution or two on YouTube to progress past some of the endgame puzzles.My only issue with The Swapper is it gives a bit of a false impression of freedom of choice. You are able to freely pick and choose which puzzle rooms to enter and complete, as long as you have enough orbs to access that area, and for most of the game, you can get by with the majority of the orbs collected, but not all of them. Then, at the very end of the game, the last terminal you have to activate requires every puzzle to be completed. It was a bit of a bummer to have the story screech to a halt while I backtracked to wrap up three puzzles I hadn't finished.This game is fantastic, and the story alone is worth the price of admission. I'm still thinking about it."
,Recommended,231160,8411363,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Umbrage,"OH GOD BUY THIS GAMEThe puzzles are PERFECT. Difficult, but logical. YOU WILL NEVER NEED A WALKTHROUGH. Each new puzzle is based off previous knowledge, no sudden leaps in difficulty that cause you to get stuck.The story is confusing, but has a very satisfying ending. The themes of the story are fascinating and complement the gameplay nicely.The only thing about this game I consider a flaw is the inclusion of secret rooms that are extremely difficult to find. Each one gives you an achievement and a bit of backstory, but unless you use a guide you'll probably never find them. I think it's a shame that an otherwise cohesive, beautifully made game included such an obvious trick to try and make the game seem deeper or keep people playing. It's completely unnecessary.Otherwise though, everything about this game is a fantastic experience. GET IT NOW!"
76561198273720151,Recommended,231160,33574564,Posted: 15 July,all,Donkey Belly,"Solid puzzle game. I didn't look up any solutions, but definitely feel like I cheesed one of the puzzles that I couldn't figure out. I looked up all the achievements, and that took probably around 30-45 minutes to collect all. You should expect to find around 4 hours of gameplay if you frequent Steam puzzle games and around 5 if you want to 100% it.Story explored the dark side of themes not generally thought about in your average puzzle game, ala Talos Principle.The game mechanics were pretty great, and controls felt natural and tight on keyboard/mouse.I'm unsure at the moment if I'd recommend this at $15. I forgot what I paid during the Steam Summer Sale, but it was a great bargain. If this is ever on sale, I'd say you should pick it up no question if you're thinking about it at all."
,Recommended,231160,8688503,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,megarust,"The atmosphere of Super Metroid, a pinch of the gameplay from Abes Oddysey and narrative cues from Moon (movie).  Very puzzle focused gameplay, there are a couple tough puzzles in there.  The sound in the game was very well done and added a lot to the atmosphere.  Definitely check this game out."
76561197990655607,Recommended,231160,1283531,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,menaKer,"This one is good... vveery good! A proper masterpiece if you ask me.The game has it all: amazing atmosphere, really interesting story, hard puzzles, inspired graphic and is cheap too."
76561198046533225,Recommended,231160,23961985,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SirrahDanu,"This is an excellent puzzle/platformer with a gorgeous, eerie artstyle and story. The mechanics are simple and presented in a lovely, organic way  that gives the player a real sense of accomplishment as s/he learns to use each new skill to solve the latest tricky problem. I got a simliar kind of brilliant discovery from working through this game as I did playing Portal through for the first time. You are given the pieces, but the game play is subtle enough that you don't feel like you are being spoon-fed the solutions. It takes some brainwork to sort things out, so the challenge is real, especially in the later levels, and the eureka moments sometimes had me feeling like a puzzle solving badass.Beautfully designed and structured. Highly recommended for puzzle-platformer junkies. Well worth the small price, especially if you grab it on sale."
,Recommended,231160,33581992,Posted: 16 July,all,Kenny,"This will be a slightly unconventional review, in the sense that I won't be reviewing this game ""in vacuum"" (ie. independently of any outside factors), but instead I'll be reviewing it in relation and comparison to another game, The Talos Principle. It might seem silly and wrong to write such a review but there is a very strong reason to do so, for the two games have a lot in common, target the same audience and came out a mere one year apart from one another - I'd even go as far as to call them sister games. It could very easily be argued that both were trying to achieve sort of the same thing around the same time, therefore it'd be fair to compare them. That said, I'll try to assume zero knowledge of The Talos Principle on behalf of the reader, so that even if you haven't played TTP yet, you'll still be able to glean some useful information from this review.Also, this is gonna be a long one, so if you need a TL;DR, I'll give it to you right here:Great game, quite challenging, definitely recommended, but everything it does The Talos Principle does better(as much as it makes me feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to say ""X is better"" on an otherwise positive review of game Y). If you liked either of them, try the other one as well.So let's get started with the similarities first. The Swapper and TTP are both puzzle games, that much you've probably figured out already. They also both lie on the harder side of the spectrum, which I'm sure you'll be happy to hear (cause who wants to waste their time on weak puzzles, am I right?) But they're also both puzzle games with an underlying story - and it just so happens that The Swapper and The Talos Principle share one writer, Tom Jubert; he is the sole writer of The Swapper, on TTP he is joined by Jonas Kyratzes. The writer link is no mere triviality, for it explains the most prominent similarity between the two games; namely, an underlying narrative that touches on areas of cognitive science and philosophy of the mind. I admit that I'm a sucker for those subjects, and I'm happy to say that the writing on both games does them justice. Following the story isn't necessary for beating either game (at least it won't give you any hints on how to solve any puzzle), but you're strongly advised not to skip it, for it would be akin to throwing a ball of ice-cream in the garbage just to eat the cone that came with it. Other similarities include beautiful visuals and music, a set-in-the-future environment and a subtle feeling of being desperately alone.So what are the differences between the two and why is The Swapper not as good as TTP? Well, for one thing, The Swapper is considerably shorter. I beat it in about 7 hours, and I'm nowhere near an expert puzzle-solver. There are some hidden terminals that you can find to unlock some achievements (which I've done as well), but other than that, there's not much replayability. Meanwhile, I've already clocked in 50 hours on TTP, I'm still not 100% done with it, and I know I'm gonna replay the whole game from scratch at some point, just to discover all sorts of easter eggs and hidden messages that I missed on the first playthrough.Another grievance I have about The Swapper is that it's one of those puzzle games where figuring out what you have to do in order to solve a puzzle is not always enough. Sometimes you'll find yourself stuck on a level just because you have to fine-tune distances between clones, jumps, buttton presses etc until you get the desired result. It's just a cheap way to make a puzzle game harder than it really is IMHO. Maybe that's just me, but I enjoy playing puzzle games for the ""figuring out what to do"" factor, not for the ""repeatedly trying to perform all the maneuvers right"" one. YMMV.But perhaps the Swapper's greatest weakness is that the story is not that well-woven into the game itself. I can't quite explain why without spoiling huge sections of the game, but suffice to say, it feels like the writer and the developers weren't working together as closely as they should while the game was being developed. It's a shame because the story is great, the game itself is pretty damn good, but the two don't form as much of a cohesive whole as I'd wish. That's not the case with TTP; you can tell that Croteam did a much better job communicating with the writers than Facepalm Games did.So, in conclusion: Do I recommend this game despite its shortcomings? Absolutely. It may have its flaws but I still enjoyed it a great deal. That said, if you've already played The Talos Principle, you just might find this one just a tad bit underwhelming. To put it in terms of scores, I'd give TTP a 9.5 (though, honestly, sometimes it feels like a perfect 10) and The Swapper would get a 7.5, maybe 8.PS and side note: I played The Swapper right after beating the main story in TTP, almost back to back, but I had no idea that I was getting into a game with that many similarities to the one I just finished (nor did I know about the common writer link, for that matter). Talk about a coincidence! Now I'm planning to play every other game these two writers have worked on."
,Recommended,231160,20195783,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,grimm,"Beautiful atmosphere, with nice puzzles and interesting story."
,Recommended,231160,9862348,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Levaniko,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)< ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,231160,7787139,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Not actually about a swingers party, but instead based around one core idea... Create up to four clones of a nameless character within single chambers, and while controlling all of them simultaneously, try to position them so they are all standing on the necessary number of pressure pads to gain access to and collect energy orbs as reward for solving the puzzle (and as necessities to power up and open new areas). There are a couple of complications, though. Firstly, your character's consciousness can only inhabit one of these five vessels and is the only one able to create clones while the rest are merely empty mimics, but he/she can ""swap"" their consciousness between any accessible clone at any time. If an ""empty"" clone dies simply create another one, but if the one carrying the consciousness dies then they all do. Secondly, different coloured beams of light impede your abilities, with areas bathe in blue light preventing you from creating clones, and areas in red light preventing you from swapping. It seems like a fairly straightforward idea, yet with this simple premise of multiple clones and swapping, it opens up some really interesting puzzles and play mechanics.The story is kept fairly ambiguous, but centres around an equally ambiguous character aboard a deep space research station, and briefly in its planet based sister station and excavation site around which it orbits. All of which looks stunning thanks to the clay modelling used to create each object and environment, with bleak use of light and sparse music brilliantly conjuring a sense of desolation and foreboding throughout. On and around this planet the crew have discovered large, ancient rocks found to be sentient and begin taking them aboard the station for investigation, unwittingly exposing themselves to the telepathic powers of the rocks which leads to the crew's subsequent madness and eventual death. You are introduced to the game near the end of these events, with your character being jettisoned from the station, seemingly against their will, and setting about trying to return and uncover the mystery of what plagued the crew as well as how to save yourself from it. But this process unravels greater puzzles than you might expect, raising questions of the human mind, body and soul as it explores what all of these mean and especially how the greater impact of your actions tie into these matters. Sacrificing clones is essential to progression, but who are you anymore if you now inhabit a copy of your body while the original has been destroyed... or if this process has been repeated dozens, if not hundreds of times? If the body is so disposable then how are we defined? How can we truly understand ourselves when something so nebulous and so seemingly intangible as the mind and the concept of our consciousness so easily evades our comprehension?Granted, it could easily be argued that these issues of mind swapping and cloning aren't going to be all that practically applicable to us, but it still does an amazing job of making you think, not only about the puzzles, but also about these greater philosophical quandaries that can enlighten us if we're willing to try. Such things seem to be rarities these days, especially in gaming, so I think anything that can make us question more and expand our mental horizons is most definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,231160,22390299,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Fascinating.Characters - Good.Gameplay - Sublime.Immersion - Great.Environment - Interesting.Graphics - Unique.Sound - Good.Music - Engaging.Overall - Ethereal.
,Recommended,231160,29756431,Posted: 6 February,all,beema,"Excellent puzzle platformer. The way you work through the puzzles reminded me a lot of Portal, but the environment and atmosphere reminded me of Dead Space."
,Recommended,231160,28808062,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pvt. Snow,"If you feel lonely, even rocks talk to you in this game."
,Recommended,231160,28606106,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Feconiz,"I just started playing it, untill now the plot is mystrius,the graphics amazing, the atmosphere perfect. One of the coolest things about this game is that it dosnt give you chewed up food like most puzzle games this days, you have to discover what you can do with your abilieties by your own.....and that is one of the best things in my opinion!"
76561198170883098,Recommended,231160,35057422,Posted: 18 September,all,AboutAWeekAgo,AMAZING! Still havent finished it but im almost done and if games would take the time to follow this kind of story telling in their games the gaming community would be a lot better.
,Recommended,231160,17658972,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,OhNoo Studio,Very cool game. Love the mood! Interesting and fresh takes on puzzles!
76561198196558974,Not Recommended,231160,25371117,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Han,"TLDR:If you enjoy puzzles you'll probably enjoy this game. The story touches some interesting philosophical points, but the delivery isn't good enough to make it stand out.I can't recommend this game at its current price (13.99 EUR). There isn't enough content to justify it. Wait for a sale.Pros:The puzzles were fun. There was a good mix of easier and more challenging ones.The atmosphere was great. The visuals and the soundtrack complemented each other very well to make me feel stranded in space.The story visited some interesting philosophical points.Cons:The puzzles were detached from the story. I went from one to the next to unlock the areas, but that was about it. They didn't contribute to the story in any way. Walking around the ship got a bit tedious after a while.There was very little replayability and I had to complete the game twice to see both endings. My second run felt more like a chore and I would have prefered to be able to finish it once, reload before the ending and see the second ending.The storytelling should have been better. Finishing the game didn't feel very satisfying and the dialogue was often hard to follow (I had trouble telling which of the 3 minds inside the scavanger's body spoke).The current price (13.99 EUR) is too high. The game doesn't offer enough content to justify it."
,Recommended,231160,14487062,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,fenster,"The Swapper is an atmospheric 2D puzzle game which takes place on a mostly-deserted space station.  The puzzles primarily consist of making clones of your character (which jump and move in unison with you) and then “swapping” your current self with one of your clones.  While the story is a bit abstract, the puzzles are expertly crafted and strike the right balance of difficulty and creativity.In the Swapper, you play an astronaut who is exploring a mostly-empty space station.  It is quickly revealed that the inhabitants of the station found a unique type of rock species which contains a shared conscience.  The rocks are seemingly benign, but as you solve puzzles and make progress deeper into the story, more is revealed on the nature of the rocks and of the researchers.  By the end, Swapper asks a lot of deep questions about conscience, the soul, and existence.  Some of it is genuinely intriguing and thought-provoking, but I would be lying if I said some of it didn’t go a bit over my head.One thing is for certain: the Swapper absolutely oozes atmosphere.  The vastness and emptiness of the space station which you are exploring is really incredible; a top-notch music soundtrack and the claymation graphics certainly help.Of course, the puzzles themselves in the Swapper are truly the star of the game.  At the beginning of the game, puzzles are relatively straight-forward but are still interesting and creative.  By the end, more mechanics are introduced and there are some puzzles which I found quite difficult -- one in particular had me walk away for a bit and I literally thought of the solution while taking a shower.  Most importantly, all of the puzzles in the Swapper never feel like they are cheating you; the solution always feels on the tip of your fingers and, once you reach it, is always extremely satisfying.Anyone who hasn’t played the Swapper and loves puzzle games, especially along the lines of Portal, should absolutely play this game.  The story is interesting (if not a bit confusing), the puzzles are excellent, and it’s all accented with excellent music and graphics.  It’s a short experience, but definitely one worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,231160,9488514,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Domojaxx,"At first glance the game looks like a nice idea with amateur theatricals developed by a small, inexperienced team. However, believe you me - this game is an outstanding and magnificent masterpiece, which has a consistent, well-thought, well-placed and wonderful aesthetic atmosphere with brilliant innovative mechanics! It is a mysterious cinematic adventure, in which you are the main character, unraveling puzzles with an utmost eagerness to get to the bottom of everything! It is a joyous experience in which everything is put together in unison and the pioneer developers should be proud of this! An absolute MUST!"
,Recommended,231160,17808959,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Urah,Hello it's Monday and I feel like recommending a game.You know: getting into the Steam Library as if you were looking for a great book just to see its pages folding once again.Knowing exactly what you are looking for:One of those experiences that changes you from inside if you just give them a chance to do so.And this is The Swapper.
76561198025531415,Recommended,231160,30380467,Posted: 7 March,all,wrongstuff,"Absolutely fantastic - the puzzles were challenging and creative, and only a couple of them had ""oh ♥♥♥♥ing really THAT's what I was supposed to do?"" solutions.  Atmosphere, story, puzzles.  Great.  9/10."
,Recommended,231160,173121,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Hyetal,"It's fantastic. I would play this game for the style and presentation alone, but the gameplay and story more than keep pace."
,Recommended,231160,1886386,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,HIIMETHANBRADBERRY,"A really, really cool game. Swapper relies on one mechanic....swapping. Using the ""Swapper"", a gun which is capable of creating clones and swapping consciousness, you explore the ghostly, empty shell of a massive space station where something clearly went very wrong.Using the Swapper you can create up to four clones at a time, all of which mimic any movement you make, and you can swap your consciousness (control) between them. You use these mechanics to solve a wide variety of puzzles in order to collect orbs which allow you to unlock further ways into the depths of the ship. The concept--while easy sounding--results in some very challenging puzzles with the introduction of different lights which either allow you to create a clone in it but prevent you swapping, or block you from creating clones but allow you to swap. They start off easy but steadily increase in difficulty and introduce different tactics before throwing you in the head scratchers.The atmosphere of the game is amazing. From the main menu to the game itself, the design is beautiful and minimalistic (although also incredibly detailed) and is backed by an incredible musical score. The story is unique and presented through recorded logs which slowly allow you to piece together the backstory, as well as an in-game character, and the environment itself. No cutscenes or QTEs stalling the pace. The entire package is haunting and mysterious while being wrapped with solid, challenging gameplay. Worth a lot more than the price if you're a fan of puzzle/adventure/mystery games."
,Recommended,231160,2630335,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Zerospectra,"A beautifully philosophical science fiction storyline combined with a unique and interesting puzzle mechanic. Excellent level design and wonderful atmosphere. If you like games that appeal to your intellect, you really need to play this game."
,Recommended,231160,8413042,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Professor Freaksworth,"Brilliant puzzles, rich visuals, and intriguing story that asks for introspection. It's like Braid without the pretension."
,Recommended,231160,10754065,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,iky,Awesome gameplay! It reminds me of Portal.I totally recommend this game.
76561198072597017,Recommended,231160,6694116,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,BmoreBraap,GREAT little indie platform puzzle game. Has an awesome art direction along with some really unique audio and soundtrack.
,Recommended,231160,9813147,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,GU1LT,"+Fantastic sound design.+Wonderfully stylized presentation.+Polished graphics.+Iterative innovation on proven game-play concepts.+Mind-bending puzzles.-Too short.-Story misses a few minor beats.The Swapper has quickly become a favored indie title of mine, surpassing top-notch titles like Fez and Braid. I am subjectively biased by the more serious tone and sci-fi setting though. The story is light, but engaging. The derelict space-station setting provides a miraculously haunting atmosphere. Characters are voiced adequately, though the performances border on becoming too withdrawn (which is part of the story/setting, but felt extreme at times). Very short, though still quite fulfilling. If most plot driven titles are novels, then The Swapper is ultimately a great poem; metered, personal, and interpretive. A beautifully sad journey and a striking metaphor for real human struggles with individuality.Comparable games: Braid, Super Metroid, Portal"
,Recommended,231160,2212688,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,dinsouza,"Virou um dos meus puzzle games favoritos... A atmosfera, fortemente inspirada nos filmes Lunar e 2001: Uma Odisséia no Espaço, é única. O ar de solidão do espaço e a temática alien-filosófica muito bem construída (e sem ser pretensiosa demais) tornam tudo ainda mais brilhante."
,Recommended,231160,4240820,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Mustanger,♥♥♥♥! AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,231160,8667080,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,good game i love a good adventure.puzzle gameit didnt give me my achievements though what a shame
76561198028806921,Recommended,231160,8656993,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,NCRDesertRanger,"A good puzzle game, a decent story, with a space asteroid theme. Puzzles vary from easy to very very hard, so if you want something to challenge your mind this is a good game for that."
,Recommended,231160,4382291,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Metalgun Slinger,do you remember in the 80s you went to a party and do drugs having a social. maybe you like drugs you are cool and playen this video game which is similar. they're are blood pulsing in your veins and your blood is pulsaing as the same way. i'm 40 year old this is how it is when you make drugs Ddont forget misogyny
76561198044537334,Recommended,231160,8419009,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,VentedRope,"Very interesting storyline, beautiful aesthetic, game time is long enough without over staying its welcome and the difficulty curve is perfect. Would recommend!"
,Recommended,231160,8481856,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Depredador,The atmosphere in this game is absolutely amazing. The music is astonishing and the puzzles are challenging. One of the few indie games I have played that I have actually finished and replayed again. This game seriously deserves more attention.9.5/10
,Recommended,231160,8658737,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Shaleblade,"I’ve watched myself die countless times in games, but it’s never haunted me like The Swapper has. The hiss of oxygen flushing from my spacesuit fades gently, but the knowledge of this death's necessity - much like many that proceed it - lingers unsettlingly, even if those bodies are just my clones. Moments ago, they were me.The Swapper brilliantly explores mortality and identity through its tense story, refined puzzles, and awe-inspiring atmosphere. Every aspect of the game is carefully crafted to plunge you into the grim desperation of a deep-space operation gone wrong. First cast in clay, the game’s environments hold a dark beauty, finely detailed and deeply chilling. The soundtrack is a true piece of art unto itself, weaving heartwrenching piano and umbral ambiance into one of The Swapper’s stronger assets.Though the game divides story progression and most of the puzzles, they are still thoroughly entwined with the game’s themes. The game clocks in at just around six hours, which allows each puzzle to be unique and memorable, and sticks the landing with an unforgettable ending that had me paralyzed.The Swapper is made up of a number of expertly crafted elements that come together to form a thoughtful, captivating experience that doesn’t outstay its welcome. I almost regret buying it on sale - it’s worth every penny of the full price."
,Recommended,231160,8615926,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,justanaboveaverageguy,"This is a great game. With the puzzle difficulty of either Portal, and the originality to boot, this game provides some hours of mind-bending gameplay, and a thought-provoking story that goes places few games dare to."
,Recommended,231160,8635316,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Killer Crabs,Murder yourself again and again in the name of progress. 9/10
,Recommended,231160,8601941,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Malacubacu,Death - to save you from something worse.
76561198027169983,Recommended,231160,8510274,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,muli,"Good game, simple yet addictive"
,Recommended,231160,8445813,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yorkie,"A beautifully crafted game, finding it very addictive."
,Recommended,231160,8497513,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Chilled-Space,"Buy this game, every single second of it was immersive, atmospheric, and challenging. This game is everything I love about the genre of puzzle games, space, science fiction and more. It is god damn beautiful! BUY IT!"
,Recommended,231160,10223621,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,JohnnyBravoDosPampas,Short but great.
76561198006049374,Recommended,231160,8864200,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,hdave74,Mind bending and frankly pretty awesome. The cloning mechanic has been done before but the addition of throwing your consciousness really puts this game over the top.
76561198006402092,Recommended,231160,9106627,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Seirios,The puzzles are difficult and the storyline is thought provoking and dark. You experience a moral struggle that comes to a fantastic conclusion.
76561198005847909,Recommended,231160,9036643,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,mightymike1976,Not really long (slightly longer than 5 hours playthrough) but I really excellent game.I was highly suprised and delighted. It continued to capture my attention.
76561197967459119,Recommended,231160,19027055,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,killswitch1968,"The Swapper is at its heart a puzzle game, similar to Braid or other Clone based games where you use copies of yourself to flick switches, open doors, etc to complete objectives. The Swapper manages to carefully tread the fine line between not too difficult and not too easy. Most of the puzzles you should be able to solve on your own, and it's very satisfying when you do so.I don't have much to complain about. The graphics are wonderful, but the most important part, the protagonist, is animated very awkwardly. It doesn't affect gameplay but just looks off. Lastly, the ending is a bit anti-climactic, and the story tries to be deeper than it needs to be. Still, fun title that'll take you ~ 8-10 hours to finish."
,Recommended,231160,1926592,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,essen,It's an amazing puzzle platformer up until they remove the platforms. Then it's just amazing. Round and round and round I go...
76561198053458072,Recommended,231160,11836928,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bloom,"A 2D platform puzzler, The Swapper is a great game. High marks for atmospherics, the music and graphics stand out and the game itself consists of challenging puzzles. The story itself is interesting, and I enjoyed the way it unfolded. Fans of games such as Portal will likely find The Swapper enjoyable."
,Recommended,231160,11556382,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,stimpak addict,"Most of the puzzles were fairly easy excepting 3 towards the end, but that didn't stop it from being fun to play around with the swapper gun. It also has a pretty interesting story, in which you can piece together information from logs and rocks strewn about the ship. And I really enjoyed the soundtrack. It set the atmosphere extremely well, and really set in the feeling of exploring a derelict ship."
,Recommended,231160,246355,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,fraxyl,Every bit as awesome as Portal.
,Recommended,231160,10800508,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nyarlathotep,"A cool puzzle game, with a simplistic concept executed with somewhat complex puzzles.The game itself is pretty short, I completed it in about four hours. If you are looking to get the achievements and extras, I'm pretty sure it can take a lot longer.Beyond the mechanics themselves, the game takes a psychological / philosophical turn that keeps you wondering who you are, and if what you are doing is really morally acceptable (probably not)."
,Recommended,231160,12840187,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Confused Minotaur,"Didn't finish it yet, but amazing game.Hard and challenging puzzles that give a very potent sense of satisfaction when you complete them.Amazing story, makes you think, makes you link the chain of thought the game creates in your brain. I bought it for the story.No downsides actually, one of the best indie games I have ever played and you cannot expect any more than this from an indie title. Many indie games serve the purpose of being a link between the developers and the players mind.To illustrate the developers thoughts without getting them tainted.This game is one of the best examples of such indie games."
,Recommended,231160,14404754,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,KingSigy,"Ever since Jon Blow's Braid, indie platformers have flooded the digital market. It seems that every month we get a new game that either attempts to emulate Braid's successes or fail at developing it's own identity. The Swapper is the kind of evolution of this genre that should have happened after Braid.Tasked with exploring a very eerie space station, your character stumbles upon a device that allows him to create a small number of clones of himself. Along with cloning, you can ""swap"" between the clones with a press of a button. Once you obtain both features of your swapper gun, you are left to explore and solve puzzles to continue your journey.The set up may be simple as hell, but the puzzles are very creative. Everything from lateral thinking to reaction based puzzles and even some that limit your clones from the standard 4. While this may have gotten boring if dragged on for more than a few hours, developer Facepalm Games knew to take their idea, extend it to the max and then finish.Even if the campaign can be beaten in a mere 3 hours, the hand-crafted visuals will likely perplex you. How anyone has the talent to mold clay into digitized sets is astounding. Everything looks real because it actually is. Even so, the game never wastes time to flaunt it's looks. The story moves along nicely and the game keeps the puzzles coming.The story is very intriguing, too. Thoughts of what swapping means, what it is to be human and whether or not survival is of the utmost importance make for a game that will constantly have you scratching your head. It's a testament to the gameplay that I actually felt the need to rebeat the game just to get the second ending (instead of Youtubing it).There really isn'y much else to say about the game. I do believe the price tag is a bit steep, but even getting the game at half-off is well worth it. If you are a fan of puzzle based games, I whole-heartedly recommend this. Even if you're not, it never hurts to go outside your comfort zone for a truly unforgettable experience.8.5/10"
76561198026398393,Recommended,231160,14017091,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SilverWolf,"Beautiful puzzle game with several unique mechanics, fantastic ambient and fairly challenging obstacles. This is not a platformer,  there are no enemies, just you, your clones and the emptiness of space."
,Recommended,231160,380605,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,☠F☺celessMind☠,"a pinch of portal, a savour of trine,  some environement that make think to metroid and ambiance a bit similar to flashback. A must to have."
,Recommended,231160,11381750,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Silvertongue,"One of the best games I have ever played! Brilliant mechanic, engaging puzzles, engrossing story and thought provoking from start to finish! If you loved Portal, buy this game immediately."
,Recommended,231160,11384927,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jack Nimble,"Artsy, thought provoking, nice premise that ties into the gameplay."
,Recommended,231160,8698937,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jack Havok,Cloned. Swapped. Finished. Depressed.
,Recommended,231160,7919929,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Call Me Burt,"I can't fathom how a team of 3 (4? something like that, definitely fewer than 10) people could craft something so intricate and polished. It's beautiful: the graphics, the music... Not your average side-scrolling puzzler. It definitely kept me on th edge of my seat for a long time, trying to figure it all out. It's underrated, this one."
,Recommended,231160,12103549,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jasyla,"The game is short but kept me engaged and curious the whole way through. Gameplay is simple, smooth and requires more thinking than reacting. Also, it’s set in space. So automatic +1. If you’re looking for something to compare the game to, I’d say it has aspects of Braid (though you’re manipulating copies of yourself instead of time) and a number of similar ideas to the movie Moon."
,Recommended,231160,5191116,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,sammysking,"One of the best indie games I've ever played- this game is among the ranks of Braid and Limbo.A beautiful, thought provoking experience."
,Recommended,231160,8782190,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Berilium2,A very well made and challenging puzzle platformerCompletely reccomend! Hours of fun
76561197993227118,Recommended,231160,8542262,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,RayneKatt,"This was an example blend of puzzles and story, pulling the player into what was occuring with the puzzles fitting the situation and why they were designed as they were.  The story concepts strongly reminded me of Omikron: Nomad Soul though it took it in a somewhat different direction that was engrossing."
76561198019642132,Recommended,231160,15629341,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,"Robot Downey, Jr.","Hesitantly, I say yes.  Swapper has an awesome atmosphere, and the gameplay mechanics and the story combine with each other nicely to create an intriguing experience.  Creating and controlling copies of yourself in order to solve puzzles is a cool idea, and was utilized ingeniously in many of the puzzles.  I am, however, not as fond of the ""gravity-swapping"" element added partway through.  It never seemed to mesh well with any of the other aspects of the puzzles, as they were all tightly designed around the Swapper device and combined well together.  It seemed like an annoying gimick that made the puzzles harder by its inclusion rather than really pushing the capabilities and challenges of the Swapper device to its limits in puzzle design.Also I am immensely impressed that it created using stop-motion animation."
,Recommended,231160,10685950,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,brian,"This is probably one of the coolest, most beautifully imaginative games I've ever played."
,Recommended,231160,17098479,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,White Shadow,"This is one of the better puzzle games I've played. It offers a simple and straight-forward concept and utilises it to its full potential - create clones of yourself that copy your every move in order to solve puzzles. The puzzles vary between each other, and some introduce new things into the mix. For example not being able to create any clones within blue light, or not being able to swap between the clones within red light. In late stages the game also offers gimmicks with artificial gravity too, which adds a layer of complexity to the puzzles.Most of the game has you solve puzzles in order to collect orbs, and a certain number of these is required to get past checkpoints to another area. I really liked this semi-open feel of exploration that the game offered, and for most of it you didn't even have to solve every single puzzle in order to make progress. You could afford to skip some. However, the very last console checkpoint requires that you solve every single puzzle that's left. Most of the puzzles were really intuitive and felt rewarding when you solved them, but I wasn't a fan of a few near the end. Three of the puzzles took me so many attempts that I eventually had to consult a walkthrough. I think that it would've been better if the final checkpoint didn't require every single puzzle to be solved.Throughout exploring the ship and solving puzzles, there are many logs and interactable computer terminals that shed light on the creepy backstory behind this device that you're using to create clones. In general the story was in the background, but its concepts would leave you thinking of what's morally right, especially with the way it concluded with an interesting choice of two alternate endings.All in all, I enjoyed the game and thought it was pulled off really well. Only the last few puzzles near the end frustrated me. Would certainly recommend it for all fans of puzzle games."
,Recommended,231160,17178881,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Djinnifer,"Amazing platformer/puzzler!  For those of us who hunger for more challenges like the Portal franchise and The Talos Principle, this is your next stop."
76561198075581768,Recommended,231160,16981716,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Gyu,Very nice game with good puzzles and a brilliant finale.
,Recommended,231160,12332315,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dave_the_Turnip,A highly atmospheric 2D puzzle game involving clones and swapping consciousness. It's incredible!
,Recommended,231160,7528306,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Vladimir,"Puzzle-game с довольно крепким сюжетом в sci-fi антураже. Игра уникальна в том смысле, что одинакова интересна как в плане решения головоломок, так и в плане продвижения сюжета. Если хотя бы пара ключевых слов из списка ""заброшенная исследовательская станция"", ""космос"", ""инопланетная цивилизация"", ""тёмная атмосфера"", ""головоломки"" вызывает у вас интерес - берите The Swappers. Не прогадаете."
76561198047125544,Recommended,231160,5263330,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,CherryCosmos,"A while since I played this now, but this is the sort of game you'll never forget. The atomsphere just grips you in such a way it's hard to stop playing until you finish it.Rare to find a puzzle game where the setting and story can match the level of the puzzle design. But in this rare gem, it all comes together, creating one memorable whole."
,Recommended,231160,4647438,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Trash Gordon,"There's something about The Swapper that makes it special. It makes you think beyond the gameplay presented.While containing solid mechanics and some truly difficult puzzles, The Swapper presents a tale that upon completion, still makes me feel uneasy."
76561198067051654,Recommended,231160,8150260,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Happy Ludwig,"A short but sweet puzzle-platformer about clones, clones, clones.  Challenging, but rarely frustrating.  Ending that stops you dead in your tracks.  Worth a play for any fan of Sci-Fi stories or the puzzle genre."
76561197970800104,Recommended,231160,462486,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,CAL9000,"The Swapper is a perfect blend of stunning/strange visuals, mind-bending puzzles, thought-provoking story logs and haunting ambient soundscapes. The difficulty is on par with Braid and the open world structure means you can try out different puzzles if you ever get stumped. If you do get stuck bear with it as the solution is almost always just a few moves away. If you're a fan of brain-melting platform-puzzlers then definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,231160,8698855,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,burnface,"Just finished playing The Swapper. It is one of the few games that I want to go right back and play a second time, after playing through it in one sitting! The puzzle physics remind me quite a bit if Braid from a few years back, and that is a very very good thing.Everything about the game just pulled me in more and more. Awesome story, and a very good job making each puzzle slightly more puzzling (pun) than the last.Now I'm gonna go lay down and ponder the meaning of life."
,Recommended,231160,13372546,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Overon,If you like philsophy of mind then you will love this game.  The writers clearly know something about philsophy of mind.  They have two philsophers Dan Dennett and David Chalmers represented in game...
,Recommended,231160,10770880,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,helen damnation,"I get easily frustrated by games with puzzles, to be honest. Because of that, I wasn't really expecting to enjoy this game as much as I do. The atmosphere is great, and the mechanics are different enough from anything I've played that the gameplay feels novel. This game is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,231160,663896,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Shoden,Unique puzzle game. Recommended for puzzlers :D
,Recommended,231160,10952285,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Remerai,"Half the time delightfully perplexing, and at all other times challenging and insightful, The Swapper is a game I whole-heartedly recommend. A tale about mystery, ancient entities, science and souls, its thick atmosphere will keep you enthralled throughout."
,Recommended,231160,10085255,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,VeryBadPing,"Touch Down!This is a puzzle platformer which atmosphere is alienish. A rare few of the puzzles may get on your nerves, since they will use the game mechanics in a non-intuitive way. Nearly all of them have their difficulty properly and elegantly balanced.The gfx design, the sound, the music, the frame rate are what you would expect for the scale of this game: really, *really* good. The gfx are amazing, the sound and music breath taking, and the frame rate is sustained 60 fps. The atmosphere is fantastic, period.The game is more enjoyable using a mouse and a keyboard, than a joypad. And beware, at the time of writing this review the game has the same bug than dota2 on GNU/Linux: if you don't use a qwerty mapped keyboard, the keyboard mapping won't display the right glyphs. Additionally, for me at least, none of the steam achievements were unlocked, but I will survive without them.There is one thing I did not really like: the 2 alternative endings only reachable by restarting the game from the beginning.On the technical aspect of the game, they used very technically expensive software components. I would have recommended to go minimal C. I really don't like the software they used, but since it's a closed source game and we get only binaries, till those binaries are available on GNU/Linux, I won't go on a rampage. And the last but not the least: the game ran perfectly with the linux radeon open source driver."
76561197972401869,Recommended,231160,10819551,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GMaster7,"Fantastic.  Great graphics and atmosphere, interesting story, fun mechanics.  Short, but worth it."
,Recommended,231160,10802721,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Noirwhale,Spooky and atmospheric-- enchanting cross between Portal and Dead Space.
,Recommended,231160,9073776,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Christo,"As part of a new Indie Tuesday series, last week I did a review on The Swapper.Hope you guys enjoy. I really enjoyed this game and its deeper meanings.It was my first review...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaOyLCABxjs"
,Recommended,231160,10940262,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trim,"Not since Portal 2 have I so enjoyed a really unique puzzle game. The Swapper has a beautiful soundtrack to play to and wonderful visuals of expansive space backdrops. The concept is fairly simple and but super enjoyable to play. It took me 6 hours to play it in its entirety, and I wish it was a little longer. A few puzzles had me stumped for while, one taking me as long as 30 minutes to solve. All around, this game was well worth the price paid. I hope there's a sequel or perhaps a prequel in development, as I would definitely love to play this style of gameplay again."
,Recommended,231160,7535967,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,Highly recommend this mind bending space odyessy in a 2D environment with soothing background music and a story of survival . Found the puzzels very trying and  they will test your problem solving IQ capibilities.The achievements where very hard to find  with out clues. Which are easy to search if needed.Game play was well over 20 hours for me and will vary.
,Recommended,231160,7842825,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,nealbrophy,"If you like tough puzzles in the vein of Braid, where you really need to take a step back and think - then give this a bash. Beautiful looking, very atmospheric, and at times headslappingly frustrating."
,Recommended,231160,10962013,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wombo,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. It's simple, interesting, and throught provoking. It's unique and it's short and to the point, I haven't played anything like it."
76561198115024096,Recommended,231160,8733490,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,TheGrayGamer,"I was surprised just how incredibly enjoyable this game turned out to be! I love puzzles of any kind, and I am really enjoying the story - and the way the story is told. It is a slow build up, but well worth the time invested.Highly recommend this game for anybody who enjoys puzzlers and is looking for something a little different."
,Recommended,231160,24264169,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,jelyk,Some of the puzzles are a little weak but still a very enjoyable experience.
76561198083584002,Recommended,231160,10693589,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Machinae Prime,"An excellent puzzle platformer with a great atmosphere. The mechanics are simple but have surprising depth and the story is quite thought-provoking. It introduces new elements in a good pace, and never did I feel overwhelmed by a puzzle. Graphically the game looks beautiful and you can tell a lot of effort went into breathing life into the environment. Backtracking is also really easy and less time consuming due to the presence portals.My only complaint would be that the game is quite short, but that comes down to how long it takes you to complete the puzzles. I'd definitely recommend it, but as with most puzzle games, don't expect too much replayability."
76561198046786762,Recommended,231160,30393310,Posted: 8 March,all,{EURR}Zenris,"An awesome puzzle game with a well created and mysterious story. One of the best puzzle games I have ever played, with one of the best stories too. 11/10"
,Recommended,231160,13724115,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Auron,I enjoyed playing through this game. Both thought provoking and fun. The ship reminded me of Metroid: Fusion.PROS:-Atmosphere-Music-PuzzlesCONS:-Lack of clear direction at times.
76561197996057322,Recommended,231160,17285187,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Fausthieb,"The Swapper is a 2D Puzzle Jump&Run in which you have to clone yourself and swap control with your clones. All clones do the same action though, that means if you move left, all your clones move left, too.- I won't write much about the story to avoid spoilers but let's say it is well presented in my humble opinion and is even a bit philosophic.- The music is very atmospheric but fitting. Speaking of sound, you should enable subtitles, because at times it might be hard to understand all dialogue.- The graphic design is very nice it revolves around a lot of blue and dark tones and adds to the isolation the game is going for.- the difficulty keeps rising as in every good puzzle game, I got stuck at some riddles but it was not frustrating enough that I had to look up solutions.- For all achievement hunters: You won't unlock any achievements by finishing the game or puzzles. I won't tell you though what you have to do :P"
,Recommended,231160,9119291,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MaxOfS2D,"Very eerie Metroidvania-style which has a really cool plot about the philosophy of metaphysics, the mind, the sense of self.It's also gorgeous and fun to play. Definitely recommending."
,Recommended,231160,15993945,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,purity,very atmosphering.
,Recommended,231160,15679840,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,bjuarezII,"Deep. Like deep space. Do your choices affect others? Only yourself? Are they one and the same?Play if you like puzzles, sci-fi, and isolated self-reflection."
,Recommended,231160,19694382,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,maltness,"this game is showing what a great space themed game should be : mysterious, beautiful, and also relaxing.and also dark.yes, im talking about the ending.Even thought im not really a fan of puzzle games, i do personally recommend this game.  my clone love it too. and also my clone's clone."
76561197978704804,Recommended,231160,18729090,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"The Swapper is a puzzle game with wonderful atmosphere containing music, sounds, colours and of course the setting, which is some kind of space station. The elaborate game mechanics, variation in puzzles and the increasing difficulty makes it fun to proceed and finish the game, although it is pretty short. It is a puzzle driven experience with some sort of story in the background - and you can lose your orientation rather quickly. This feature might be in the game on purpose. Overall it is a quite satisfying gaming experience with some innovation in solving puzzles,meaning that you need to work with clones of yourself.8/10"
,Recommended,231160,19303483,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Skywalken,"You should play this game. Everyone should play this game.I cannot say enough good things about The Swapper. Every part of it shines on its own and it all comes together to make a atmospheric, challenging, beautiful game that will stay with you.The puzzles start simple and get to be very challenging by the end.The claymation art is striking and stylistic.The music is moody, subdued and atmospheric.The story is well paced, powerful, and gripping.If you made it to the bottom of this review, you should already know you must play this game, and all of your friends need to play it as well."
,Recommended,231160,19923743,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Big Fat Corki,"im normaly not a fan of those games but this one is awesome, recommend all who searching for some new gaming expierience"
,Recommended,231160,20892914,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Hack'n'Splat,"Excellent puzzle game, glorious visuals, wonderful sounds and an enigmatic story. The controls just work, the difficulty ramps smoothly. A perfect game!"
76561198081193118,Recommended,231160,24148192,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Alicia Vikander Fan,I managed to solve most of the puzzles on my own. Then I forgot about the game for a year. The goal when I played it today was complete it so I used youtube for the last puzzles. And the puzzles in my opinion are the least interesting part of the game. The best part is when you've finished it and read discusions on its meaning and ending. The whole story is actually quite thought provoking when you start to ask questions. But be warned; this game might go on for too long and the voice acting is pretty bad. Don't feel bad if you look up the solutions on youtube. Your actually doing yourself a favor by  being able to listen the pops of a fireplace and take in the clay made scenery. Not bad for a game filled with rocks. You'll know what I mean shortly.7/10
,Recommended,231160,9028660,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,jfx.,"It's an amazing game which isn't really that popular (at least I think anyway).I'll start off with the graphics, wow! I thought since it was an indie game the graphics were going to look a little bad for a game like this but they are amazing!The gameplay is great and the puzzles are fun and creative, theres sometimes alternative puzzles to do if you get stuck on one for a while.The game is extremely original and creative, adding something I never saw in a game (swapping between different characters to do puzzles)It reminded me of Portal, with a similar concept but lots of things different in between.If this game is ever on sale I highly highly reccomend.The only bad thing I can say is it was a big short to play.10/10 buy it now."
,Recommended,231160,26473651,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,✪ mackatozis | gamekit.com,The Swapper is a game that people should play. It's a very peculiar game with an excellent gameplay and an extremely interesting plot. The game still stands out as one of the most creative and forward-thinking indie releases in recent memory.
,Recommended,231160,10673652,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kyūri,Get it while it's on sale. It's worth every cent. Bought it and finished it in one go after 6~7 hours. Beautiful artwork and tricky levels.
,Recommended,231160,8529484,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ayen,"Possibly the most visually beautiful game I have ever played.The Swapper has an ambiance that I have rarely seen in games, something I can only describe as a sort of quiet, haunting mysteriousness. Every visual asset in the game has been actually, physically constructed out of clay, metal, and found objects, lending a powerful sense of weight and depth to everything in the world. Coupled with stunning sound design and ambient music that perfectly color the hand-crafted environments, The Swapper creates a simultaneously contemplative and unsettling atmosphere that fits perfectly with its slow, logical puzzles. It's sad without being melodramatic, frightening without being gratuitous.I could seriously write all day.I could write about the comfortable and easily mastered controls, the well-constructed difficulty curve, the elegance of its interface, and the satisfaction to be found in realizing that one perfect series of steps necessary to complete that one damned puzzle.I could write about how The Swapper's primary gameplay interaction, whereby players create perfect copies of themselves only to casually send those copies to their silent, gruesome deaths, directly informs its philosophically-charged story.I could write about how I often feel the need to play it again, even considering its modest length, simply to experience its world.Seriously, just play it."
,Recommended,231160,11954750,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,exdjryan,Perhaps the best puzzle platformer that the Indie Generation has borne us. Period.
,Recommended,231160,20272047,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Special Agent Cooper [Ñ4D2],"Brilliant mechanics, smooth playing, clever puzzles, great story, well written, awesome atmosphere.And it's even low on CPU requirements. What else do you want?"
76561198197079733,Recommended,231160,24197771,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,F4 | Aunt Jmalma,"The basic premise is relatively simple, and amazingly well executed. The story grows fantastically huge in such a short time, to the point where I just can't stop thinking about the ending. What began as an interesting concept and cool atmosphere turned into one of the most interesting games I've ever played, and it will definitely stick with me for a long time.Of course, it doesn't hurt to also have a beautiful looking environment with a very well put together soundtrack."
,Recommended,231160,1791774,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Poison,"A very good puzzle game that takes the concept of spawning and manuevering clones around, and goes wild with it. Fair warning, not for the short of patience, as puzzles ramp up in complexity quickly, and sometimes expect you to make wild leaps of faith in logic."
,Recommended,231160,10340003,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,VoodooPoet,"One of the essential modern platformers. Brilliant mechanics, steady difficulty curve on puzzles, and a true tribute to the isolated science fiction atmosphere of such great works like Space Odyssey and Alien. All wrapped up with a thought-provoking and bone-chillingly creepy story. And come on, claymation art that looks wonderful. You can't beat that.I got this for about half the price and I plan on putting that unspent cash towards getting the soundtrack (which is a treat for lovers of atmospheric, dark ambient soundtracks... thats right, we have a fanclub!)Go get lost in space. Buy this game."
76561197999734880,Recommended,231160,24071850,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,joel.may,I enjoyed playing The Swapper.  The graphics and audio are engaging to create an immersive expericnce.  The puzzleds are why I was interested in this game.  I was not disappionted.  They were only slightly challenging which allowed me to solve them all without much frustration or any outside help.At the end of the game choose well.  You only get one choice and you must replay the whole game to decide differently (or find it on YouTube).
76561198157699480,Recommended,231160,23952393,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BlackRabbit,"One of the deepest story I've witnessed in a video game about soul and meaning of life, great puzzles, amazing soundtrack. 10/10. Definitely going to play again."
,Recommended,231160,20671721,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SMIVI™,"I've had this game for a long time now and I can't believe I haven't given it a review yet. I bought this when it was super cheap in a sale but it's worth the $15 it is now. Amazing graphics and very atmospheric. If your computer can handle it, turn up the graphics all the way. You won't regret it.I loved the storyline too, but to get most of it, you have to remember to read the terminals. Achievement hunting in this game is kind of hard, as a lot of the places you need to get to are completely blacked out and hard to reach. Be creative on how to get there. The storyline is something else. I really don't want to say much more on it because it's super fun to get all of it from actually playing the game instead of reviews."
,Recommended,231160,20420476,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Darkwell,"The Swapper is the perfect example of what video games can do. Story and gameplay don't just exist beside each other; they're intimately connected, each informing the other as you solve increasingly challenging puzzles and learn disquieting truths about the world you're in. It's now my go-to example of a video game that does the artform proud.No criticisms; it's a perfect game."
,Recommended,231160,19705010,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Lab Rat,"The Swapper is an amazing game with a perfectly executed mechanic that demands a smart player. While the full game is a little short at 5 hours, its the quality of the game that is most important here rather than how many hours it will get you. The game is beutiful with a stellar atmoshpere and creative graphics. The Swapper is a must play if you are a fan of puzzle platformers and a high recommendation even if you hate puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,11378403,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,DenHond,"A recommendable puzzle game, even if you're not 'that' in to the genre. The puzzles are very rewarding, but I found them to be a little bit to challenging, once I was about halfway through the game... In my opinion, the game would have been better and better paced if the developer would've put in some more easier puzzles in the second half of the game.Storywise, you find yourself on an immense and seemingly abandoned spaceship, the story unfolds at a slow pace, but it is worthwhile enough to keep you playing the game to the end. Various datalogs will tell you about what happened before.Pro's:- Innovative puzzle design- Story- General atmosphereCon's:- Challenging puzzles once halfway through the game- Worst achievements ever"
76561198026195838,Recommended,231160,9176331,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Imaqtpie,Very fun puzzle gameExquisite qualityImpeccable
76561197983167679,Recommended,231160,963585,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,rockhstrongo,"A short (6-8 hours) and  enjoyable puzzle game, with great atmosphere an unexpectedly good story that will probably make you think a little."
76561198068595005,Recommended,231160,8412174,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wizardishϟ,MiNd GAmEz!
,Recommended,231160,8618458,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,EchoJoe,I enjoyed playing this puzzler.  Kinda like The Misadventures of P.B. Winterbottom with the clones to solve levels but still with its differences.
,Recommended,231160,8724052,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sladeakakevin,"Such a beautiful game. The story was really good - if a little confusing at first. The level design was brilliant, to the point where it made me feel stupid. I spent way too long finishing this game, some of the puzzles were really difficult. But everytime you finish one you feel really satisfied. The game builds incredible atmosphere and has a thick layer of creepiness to it. I'd reccomend this game to anyone who loves sci-fi settings or puzzle games any day of the week!"
76561197985802948,Recommended,231160,7479254,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,mendozerman,Easily one of the best 2D puzzle-platformers I've ever played.
,Recommended,231160,9871172,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,EpicV,Very nice game with some interesting puzzles. Great music and atmosphere. Game concept and story is also outstanding.The game is just a bit short but I really enjoyed every minute of it.
76561198335176807,Recommended,231160,26863048,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SorinTheKoala,Challenging and smart!
,Recommended,231160,8736805,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,TENSION,"The Swapper is a puzzle game that relies heavily on its immersion sound and design. From the eerie static noises in the background and the Claymation style, it sucks you in quite a bit for a Metroidvania style puzzle game. Not often does a game require you to actually think to proceed, and not often does a game force a decision upon you that can make you reflect on what kind of person you actually are."
76561198066120717,Recommended,231160,8411558,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BIGMONEYSALVIA,Its good. Decent puzzles and a very good atmosphere make it very compelling.
,Recommended,231160,9393332,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,McNoguff,"The Swapper is a puzzle game where you must watch yourself die hundreds of times. Imagine if every time you rewound in braid a corpse remained, some phantom Tim. The Swapper is a game that forces you to line up these little sacrifices, and it does so ingeniously. The only way to climb a shaft, for example, is to copy yourself a bit higher, swap your active mind into the copy, and so on-- all the while falling. Eventually you can copy yourself onto a ledge. And all those discarded bodies you inhabited just moments before? They keep falling.Then their legs crack, bodies pitch forward, ragdolls bereft of consciousness left piled on the floor below.The swapper is dark, maudlin even, and its music(what little there is) is of the horror-scifi genre of deep thumpy basses and synthy plinking highs. It takes itself very seriously and, in its worst moments, can feel a bit silly. At its best moments, it's emotionally affecting and clever. I love it when a game makes me feel smart one moment, manipulated the next, then smart again. It's a balancing act that's hard to pull off.If you're a puzzle platformer fan, you'll find lots to like here. Gravity manipulation reminiscent of a slower-paced VVVVVV meets braid's beat-the-falling-obstacle-in-slow-motion freneticism, while managing to feel more cerebral and self-paced than either. In general feel, that is to say the way you run about and leap and whatnot, it reminds me very much of Oddworld; Abe's Oddysey.The Swapper's exactly the length it ought to be to get all of its ideas on the table, to get all of the toys out of the toychest, which means it can be completed in ten or so hours. There are secrets, too, if you're OCD. God knows I am.This is easy to recommend, a haunting experience that nonetheless leaves you with a kind of satisfaction. That of a puzzle well-solved."
76561197985912945,Recommended,231160,9095740,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Red-Dot,Definately a good game with mind bending puzzles.
,Recommended,231160,19538951,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: The Swapper. Philosophical Questions Where No One Can Hear You Ponder Them.Genre: 2D Atmospheric Sci-Fi Puzzle Platformer.Developed & Published by: Facepalm Games.Platform: Windows, Mac OSX and Linux.Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfPreambleSo, last time I talked about the Swapper was back when I was calling it my favorite game of 2014. It only took me a year and then some to actually do a review of it. But, better late than never, right? Anyway, let’s talk about The Swapper. Which, for some reason, reminds me of some song I heard once, though I can’t place when or where. Odd.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsThe Swapper is your traditional puzzle platformer with its own unique puzzle solving mechanic. It’s about four hours long and paces itself out pretty well. While it might look like a metroidvania game (especially with doors that look like they were inspired by Metroid), it’s only got backtracking to areas and limited exploration mechanics that have echoes of that game style. There’s only a single difficulty level which I found mostly reasonable (and most that have played platformers will find it familiar). There were several puzzles that I found too tricky to solve without getting help. Though I would then find out it’s because my thought process had gotten stuck in a loop and the solution was obvious when pointed out.Puzzling PuzzlesThe main feature of this platformer is the device called the “Swapper”. This device has two functions. To create up to four clones and to transfer the player between the four clones. While you’re creating a clone, time will slow down so you have time to create clones and/or swap over to them. The clones mirror each other’s actions. So if you jump, they jump and so on. In order to progress through the game, you’ll need to locate a certain amount of “orbs” per area. All orbs are located behind puzzles and can be completed as they’re encountered. There aren’t any other upgrades in the game so your entire focus should be on moving forward.A lot of these puzzles involve getting around lights that block either the creation of clones or the swapping between them. There’s also puzzles that require split decision making though if you fail you’ll respawn on the last safe ledge. Finally, there’s some gravity puzzles that will attempt to change things up towards the end of the game. Each puzzle is intended to be solved easily but figuring out the right method to creating and swapping between clones can be tricky. Overall, I think the Swapper paces out the difficulty well but there are some that might completely stump you.StoryIt starts out with a quick cutscene featuring the player in an escape pod being launched out of (what you find out later to be) Theseus Station and you’ll quickly end up landing on a nearby planet. You have no idea who you are or what’s going on or why you were launched out of the station. Something terrible seems to have happened or is happening on the station. The plot will be moved along through logs and brief conversations with a mysterious person over the intercom who seems confused by your existence. As the player progresses back onto the station, they’ll find out that that this expeditionary force of scientists and miners were out here trying to gather resources for Earth. However, they had happened upon these alien rocks that they eventually figured out to be sentient rocks. What happens next, well, isn’t pretty. You’ll learn the score through the logs. Much of the game’s mysteries are solved throughout the course of the game but there are some left hanging for you to consider.With its dark sci-fi themes in the plot, The Swpaper definitely has a philosophical edge to it that’s lightly explored. The most obvious theme is the idea of self and cloning. Is the clone you created with the Swapper you? Or something else entirely? Is using the device ethically wrong? The game makes you consider the questions it raises without really giving a tilt (that I could tell) in any particular direction.Overall, I really enjoyed the story and was satisfied with how the experience ended. It’s dark and moody, without being oppressive, which fits in with the atmosphere and art style. The ending in particular was an excellent last-minute twist without leaving it as a sequel bait. Essentially it suggests that you or may not be a clone created the Swapper.PC Settings and Audio/VideoAs is the normal operating procedure for 2D platformers/puzzle games, the options are on the light side. Mouse & gamepad sensitivity can be messed around with. Fullscreen, V-Sync, Depth of Field, Bloom & light shafts can all be turned on or off. All of the standard resolutions seem to be supported. You can also tweak the refresh rate and FPS cap if you so desire. Unfortunately, the audio in this game doesn’t offer separate sliders and the single slider is just the master volume. Keyboard and mouse can be rebound as necessary.Visually, The Swapper is an impressive game to look at. Its art was entirely constructed using clay models and the game looks incredibly detailed as a result. The audio design is top notch as well. The soundtrack has a lot of sci-fi ambience and sits in the background while you’re running around on the station.Final ThoughtsThe Swapper is a traditional puzzle platformer with its own unique game mechanic, so if you’ve played one of these types of games in the past, it’s going to feel very familiar. However, I think the story and puzzle mechanics change things up enough to keep the experience fresh. The difficulty paces itself well though you may run into puzzles that twist your brain a little too much from time to time. It’s a short but well crafted experience and the mystery story about what happens on this space station in the far flung future keeps things interesting. Worth checking out if you haven’t already done so.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,231160,5347457,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Flare,It's like... Portal mixed with Philosophy. That's DEFINITELY something I can recommend.
,Recommended,231160,27893588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shockjaw,Excellent puzzle game that explores what it means to be conscious. Simplistic mechanic that opens up a great deal of possibilities.
,Recommended,231160,10698832,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nickthaskater,"Only 30 minutes in but I'm already blown away by the beauty of this game. The stock controls are a little awkward by default, but that's easy enough to resolve. The gameplay is smooth, deep and immersive, and I want more. I can't wait to see where this goes..."
,Recommended,231160,7735718,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Almisuifre,"Atmosphere, sounds, handmade visuals, concept, puzzles, gameplay... wait, what is missing ?"
76561197994591810,Recommended,231160,10951718,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Fallen,One of the best games I have played in my entire life!Simple but amazing gameplay mixed with an unique art style and a subtle yet effective sountrack + an ingenious story.
,Recommended,231160,9382265,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Hethurin,"**Please, assume I'm a bit too excited.Awesome and deep game. Somehow it reminds me of Limbo. Although these games are completely different they share the same atmosphere of sincerity as if developers put a part of their soul into the every piece of the game. Maybe I'm fooling myslef, but The Swapper feels very personal like a somebody's revelation. Even if my impression has been thoroughly calculated and assessed by a genious salesman I still want to say ""Thank You"" to people who created this masterpiece.And in the end I feel sad and lonely...Try this game. You may not agree with my emotional overview, but at least you'll have a nice training session for your brain."
,Recommended,231160,8780789,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Domgrief,"As a puzzler, The Swapper is excellent. As art, it's lovely. As a story, it's compelling.The number of puzzles isn't huge - maybe a few dozen in total - but there's lots of exploring to be done, and the game will likely take several hours to work through. Each requires progressively more thought and planning - there's certainly nothing ""casual"" about these puzzles - and the last handful are particularly challenging. I caved and looked for help with a couple, though I wish I hadn't.It seems reasonable to compare the puzzle elements of this game with Portal - there are only a few game mechanics, and the game pushes you to fully explore those mechanics rather than throwing new ones at you. If anything, The Swapper's puzzles are more polished - they don't use ""filler"" puzzles with the same solution, and they always present a mental challenge, never falling back on split-second timing or mid-air object catches.The art and audio suit the game perfectly. The engine works wonders with the clay objects and animation, and it's immersive. I completely forgot to admire the quality of the clay modelling because I was so absorbed in the world, story and puzzles.The science fiction elements of the story are well thought out, and are used to great effect to create a clever story with a satisfying finale. While the plot deals with philosophy, morality and mortality, it stops short of pushing a particular world view, meaning it should be enjoyable to anyone who appreciates science fiction."
,Recommended,231160,16635506,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chiatar,"This has been a really enjoyable puzzle game. The mechanics are great. The world that it builds is beautiful and errie. Not what i expected at all, very glad I gave it a chance!"
,Recommended,231160,33053710,Posted: 30 June,all,Gorjeos,"Theorizing about the brain, the mind and consciousness as a physical phenomenon is quite overwhelming, although very interesting, The Swapper makes these concepts even scary most of the time.Gameplay and story stick together like neurons bonded inside the brain, the same organ I had to squeeze to see the ending credits (some puzzles are really challenging). It's a chain of interesting ideas worth thinking about.Graphics and art design are top notch. The scifi ambience and the eeriness of the long-dead orbital station Theseus are truly amazing, considering that this is a low budget game after all.Fun, clever and macabre. Get it now."
,Recommended,231160,24086957,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Crimson Chin,Amazing game!
,Recommended,231160,7930093,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Blurple Splandex,"This a a great little puzzle game, it runs about three hours long and has a decent number of puzzles. The mechanics are something novel and extremely interesting and the game contextualizes the mechanics in world. I would have been happy with a clone gun that doesn't get explained. All in all totally worth playing."
,Recommended,231160,7774520,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lornlynx,"Very good puzzle game with quite innovative mechanics and gameplay. The difficulty is mediocre to hard and often uses really simple solutions that just didn't come to you that easily. What surprised me though was the really interesting and crazy story together with the abstract but convincing atmosphere and the presentation of it. It is even insane when you think that the developers were able to create a story out of such totally absurd mechanics and still make it entertaining and full of secrets.It is for sure a puzzle game at first, but it also creates something unique on the meta-level which I could bet should surprise others just like me. The soundtrack and sound-effects are also really great and soothing and fit perfectly into the environmentOnly thing I don't like is the way the achievements and the secrets are hidden, here the game lacks the innovation it shows everywhere else."
76561197998124890,Recommended,231160,9623405,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[CW] moff,"Absolutely stunning game on every level. The atmosphere created by combining unique hand drawn backgrounds with a clever ambient music score is totally absorbing. The puzzles themselves had a brilliant organic learning curve that had me playing for hours- something I NEVER do with puzzle games. Being genuinely intrigued as to what new skills or thinking would come about in the next section spurred me through a well executed story, which rewards lateral thinking in a way that most games overdo to the point of cliche, or mess up entirely. If you enjoy puzzle games this buy is a no brainer, but i would highly recommend anyone into sci-fi check it out. Without a doubt the best puzzle game I have touched. This is what indie game producing is all about imo."
,Recommended,231160,11733510,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Carlton,"I used a guide for every puzzle after the half way mark... Far too confusing for me!It was pretty though, and the story was sci fi ""what is reality?"" nonsense, which I always have a soft spot for. It would be worth it on sale, but if you're bad at smart games I can't really say following a guide will be a fun experience."
,Recommended,231160,1140369,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,CarVeR,"I can't recommend this game enough. The visuals are outstanding. You just want to stop and take a breath whilst you take in all of the stunning beauty that the game has to offer. These visuals are combined with a hauntingly enigmatic soundtrack that really brings forth the dark mood of the game.The puzzles that this game has to offer are as thought provoking as the game itself. You'll scratch your head at some, and feel a deep satisfaction when you reach the end of the game.Just buy it."
,Recommended,231160,8592083,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,dweeziL,"Compelling story with themes on existentialism and consiousness.  Dark, atmospheric, with gameplay similar to Portal.  A must have for every steam collection."
,Recommended,231160,3614915,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Old School Nerd,"With an amazing mood and visual style, this puzzler is top notch.  Interesting story, and an even more interesting puzzle mechanic.  Do yourself, and this small, independent design team, a favor, and drop the dough on this one!"
76561198009430218,Recommended,231160,9568770,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,JacoRay,"Wow.I don't think I've ever played a game like The Swapper. As far as recent platformers go, Braid and The Swapper are best there are. Not just in terms of invigorating gameplay, but the writing and music, they're so strong. The atmospher in The Swapper was gorgeous, beautiful and breathtaking. The animation was simple, but it didn't need much to show off, it already had the intriguing intro to keep the player going. The puzzles are strange and sometimes complex.In The Swapper, you play a stranded astronaut, or scavenger that lands onto an abandoned space ship, Theseus, or at least it appears abandoned. It is one of seven ships meant to gather resources for Earth, as Earth has exhausted all resources. You have to find a means to esacpe, by solving puzzles, collecting orbs, collecting data to find out what happened to the crew and why they were so keen into the telepathic rocks/Watchers. The story is mystifying and refreshing for its ambiguity and intelligence of space, time, the mind, and life. It's almost philosophical.I can't say I've played a game where you can generate clones and swap bodies, while controlling them all at the same time to solve puzzles. I know other platformers use the clone ability for puzzles, i.e.; Braid with its time controlling, Mario for its bizarreness, and a few others. But The Swapper perfects it for forcing you to use your clones, not to your advantage, but to your necessity.It's fascinating to know that The Swapper's art, sets, characters were all claymation. It give itself a distinct art style you wouldn't reguarly see in videogames, especially since most video game art is done digitally. So seeing the seemless claymation in a videogame just goes to show that claymation is not a dying art form. I would certainly like to see more indie video games take this approach, as it is unique and, when done well, looks outstanding.I can't say enough about this game, it's simply outstanding.10/10"
,Recommended,231160,19511956,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,elevul,"Beautiful game, awesome story, awesome atmosphere, perfectly balanced puzzles (except for one, for which I had to look for a walkthrough) and incredible overall polish for an indie. Definitely worth the money and the time."
,Recommended,231160,7772805,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gooby,Beautiful 2d platformer with very unique and cool mechanics. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for something in the genre. Superior to Braid in my opinion.
,Recommended,231160,7766028,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Maximus,"The swapper is an experience you will remember for a long time.Pros: The puzzles are great and tricky and when you get the solution you don't feel cheated. None are too hard to make you frustrated. The atmosphere of the game is something you will remember. The sound, the lighting, the different areas of the ship, the space travel... there are moments that will just leave you stunned.Cons: Not much but if I had to point out a couple then firstly, the achievement system is designed to make you play through the game again. You won't get any achievements unless you are actively looking for them because they need you to access hidden rooms which are really well hidden :). Secondly, the story, though great, is not told directly in the game. You need to make sense out of the various dialogues and it will leave you thinking about what is happening through out the game.Overall, it is a great game in my opinion and I would highly recommend everyone to experience this."
,Recommended,231160,1511,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,CoconutBoy,"Fantastic puzzle game. There were quite a few rooms where I was stumped enough almost to the point of giving up, then I'd re-analyze the situation and consistently solve it. Atmosphere was top notch, just creepy enough to make me second guess my choice to play with all the lights off."
76561198242289176,Recommended,231160,33317269,Posted: 6 July,all,xX-.RespectWomen.-Xx,"I'm not a huge fan of side scrolling games, but i'm a huge fan of atmosphere. I picked the game up for around $1.50 on summer sale and finished it in a few casual nights. The audio and art style creates a feeling i can only compare to games like dead space or bioshock, the game isn't scary, but the atmosphere gives you the feeling of being alone and i really got into it.The quest format or definitive objectives don't really excist. The whole map design (which is layed out really well IMO) is only partially linear. In the simplest non-spoiler way, you complete the puzzles and you can progress. The story itself is great for the game time it has to present itself.... i've caught myself questioning things the game presented for a few hours after playing it.The puzzles themselves in my opinion are very good, but they are relativley easy until the last few sections of the game. In the beginning the mechanics are self explanitory, but as more options are presented you find yourself approuching a puzzle and saying ""oh Sh*T there are so many variables"".Overall worth playing 100%. Play at night with good headphones if you can. I would have deffinitly paid upwards of $10 for this game."
,Recommended,231160,400490,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Jasiri,"It's always nice to be introduced to a new game mechanic.It's also nice to have to start thinking.It's even better if you're thinking because of what the game mechanic makes you do.Swapper does it all, and then some. Brainteasing puzzles, philosophy course required. You want this game. You need it. And once you're done playing this beautiful game based on clay-made backgrounds you may end regretting your final decisions. And play it again."
76561197971300886,Recommended,231160,8618308,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,amishmonster,"An extremely good puzzle game with art that is mostly (possibly entirely?) made from real-life objects, giving it a very cool look. Even more impressive is the game's atmosphere, which is both solitary and very contemplative. Basically, this game made me want to go read some good sci-fi.The puzzles are varied and most are challenging without being frustrating, and nothing requires split-second timing. My only complaint with The Swapper is that to complete it, you have to solve every single puzzle in the game. Until the end, the game's obstacles (unlocked using orbs you solve puzzles to collect) can be passed by solving most, but not all available puzzles. This lets you skip a handful that I found too difficult, even after trying over several days. The very end, however, requires you to go back and solve EVERYTHING. This was frustrating.Also, if you're a lunatic for achievements, this game hides all its achievements and a fair amount of back story on ten hidden terminals. These aren't like Bioshock Inifinite audio-log ""hidden"", these basically require you to glitch through seemingly solid walls where there is no indication of a collectible. If it was just achievements hidden this way it would be stupid but easily ignored; the fact that there is additional story and flavor hidden so ridiculously deep is aggravating.My quibbles with it are minor, though. The Swapper is a must for people who enjoy puzzle games and good atmosphere and mystery."
,Recommended,231160,13398655,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jamison,"The Swapper is a science fiction platformer puzzle game that successfully balances difficulty with enjoyment. You, playing as the unknown, silent protagonist, explore a space station while using a ""gun"" infused with technology capable of materializing clones on the spot and transferring your consciousness into said clones' bodies at will. Think of digistructing from Borderlands plus mind-control; that about sums up the mechanics. There are no enemies to encounter and the game allows plenty of time to think through the puzzles, which really do ramp up in difficulty as more variables are added and the game progresses. I'll admit I looked up directions on how to solve a puzzle or two in the beginning of the game when I was familiarizing myself with the mechanics, but I was ashamed of myself and grinded through the rest on my own, racking my brain to divine the correct solution... but when I finally DID solve a tricky puzzle? HUZZAH! Self-worth! Fist-in-the-air ""YEAH! FINALLY!"" celebrations! After feeling so brainless and idiotic struggling with a puzzle, completing it was extremely rewarding.The plot is intriguing and, without spoiling anything, makes the player ask thoughtful existential and philosophical questions about oneself, living, dying, and what it is to ""be."" Throughout the game you sacrifice innumerable clones; a soaring mountain of these conjured meat sacks were killed during the time I had my finger on the trigger of the Swapper. They mostly died by smashing into the ground from extreme heights... hopefully the fall killed them instantly and painlessly. After all, I was responsible for their deaths; they died during my attempt to escape the space station. I killed these poor souls. Hundreds of them. At least! But are they souls? Are they of worth? Are they YOU? Was it murder or... suicide? Or neither? Both? Am I still me if I'm living in a new body every few seconds? If the body didn't resemble mine, would I still be me? Can being transfer between mediums? Does a soul exist independently from the body? Does consciousness transcend the material? These questions are particularly salient during the final scene, which forces the player to make a gritty and difficult choice. This is real science fiction and demonstrates that video games can unquestionably qualify as art.I thought this would be a good game with which to use my gamepad, but boy, was I wrong. I do NOT recommend using a gamepad for The Swapper. Maybe it's just a personal lack of dexterity when using a gamepad (compared to a mouse and keyboard), but using the D-Pad and thumb sticks just didn't give me the precision and speed necessary to complete even the moderately difficult puzzles. The game took me about five hours to complete, and that included finding all of the terminals and messages. I did NOT find the hidden rooms related to the achievements, nor did I even attempt to do so. Even without them, I was extremely satisfied with the length of the game and the story presented. The Swapper was a joy to play and left me very satisfied... yet unsettled. I'm still not sure about the choice I made at the end of the game... and I fear I might never be. Was it the right decision? Was there ANY right decision? Maybe you're just damned if you do and damned if you don't. Life is precious, but if we allow it to continue perpetually, does it remain so?"
,Recommended,231160,8613509,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cam,"Pretty damn fun, great visuals."
,Recommended,231160,12931040,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"This game is amazing, the quality is way higher than i expected, i should have bough full price for this masterpiece.Edit:By masterpiece i meant really good atmosphere, and in space themed games, atmosphere is everything. (no pun intended)Gameplay is tradicional multi-unit control/swap puzzler"
76561198140589637,Recommended,231160,33388321,Posted: 8 July,all,mr.upside.down,"An excellent platform puzzler, with the central mechanic of cloning and swapping pushed to its limit. The storyline is interesting enough to provide the impetus to advance from one puzzle to the next until it reaches a satisfying conclusion.[Rating: 10/10]"
,Recommended,231160,34197854,Posted: 12 August,all,Ravenize > *,"The Swapper is a fascinating little puzzle game with just enough story to keep things interesting. The sci-fi horror setting fits it very well, and the ambiance contributes nicely: flickering lights keep things creepy and mysterious while you work your way forward, learning more with each dangerous step.The story is told largely through discovering the background setup via text terminals, which I skimmed over in the beginning, but things spiraled out of control quickly and got intriguing enough that I went back and re-read all of them, which is something the game makes quite easy to do.The key to making agoodpuzzle games is an appropriate level of escalating difficulty for the puzzles themselves. The Swapper did a great job of that, and most of the time if I was frustrated simply walking away and coming back with a fresh perspective some time later let me see the solution almost immediately. It's rare that a puzzle game gets that balance so right. Of course, there were innevitably a couple puzzles that I think required too much of a leap in logic. That's bound to happen with any game of sufficient length, so I'm not surprised, but I do think those few could've been better designed.My only major complaint is about the achievements - it would've been nice for them to be tied to progression, but instead they're all hidden, and hidden exceptionally well. A very thorough explorer might find half during a play through, but I find it highly improbable that any one person would find all of them without a guide. They depend on invisible paths and fake walls without any clues to their location or even presence. They feel strangely obtuse and time consuming compared to the carefully thought out level and puzzle design present throughout the rest of the experience.What limited voice acting exists is good. The soundtrack could have been the defining feature in a game like this, but instead it was sadly forgettable - a non-factor.The Swapper isn't a totally amazing game, but it is quite good if you're looking for a story and puzzles that both make you think, even after you've quit the game."
,Recommended,231160,393641,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,s3raphym,"Atomospheric, intelligent and more than just a little creepy, The Swapper is the latest best-in-breed indie puzzle platformer. 8 hours of gameplay are filled by well crafted puzzles in an open world, but driven by a perfect learning curve and an exploration of the self."
,Recommended,231160,13974254,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,IGHOR,Amazing game with great story.
76561198064739510,Recommended,231160,35143194,Posted: 22 September,all,CHF,"Good side scroller puzzle game.  I liked the atmosphere and sound editing.  Really nice visual design for this type of game as well, achievements are impossible without guide."
76561198181297458,Recommended,231160,35276989,Posted: 28 September,all,tpbart,Highly recommend if you love Talos principal and Portal.
,Recommended,231160,35242797,Posted: 27 September,all,Bobfranklinhippyflower,"A mesmerising little puzzle game with an ingenious main mechanic. In addition to creating a satisfying sense of progression and accomplishment by allowing players to tackle obstacles at their own pace, the excellent level and puzzle design also serve to reinforce and give depth to the powerfully evocative story. All this is then further elevated by a hauntingly beautiful soundtrack, and the unique, athmospheric aesthetics. This is a game in which everything comes together to form a cohesive, masterfully crafted whole and it's about as perfect of an example of the genre as you'll find. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,19927250,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Gorgeous claymation visuals, challenging but fair puzzle platforming,and a rich psychological plot helps make this game shine. Fantastic, I recommend it"
76561198127789975,Recommended,231160,35443218,Posted: 3 October,all,Maltrix,"Positive things to say:Very beautiful and challenging puzzle game. It reminds me of a mix between Metroid and Portal.The surprisingly dark story is told in a very subtle way and is more a ""can"" than a ""must"" for the most part,which is realy pleasant. The graphics and physics are well done and the machanics are very innovative and pure fun.Negative things to say:The different areas are just eye candy and not involved in the puzzles. It's basically the same kind of puzzle in every area.A few more items/mechanics in general would have been nice. (a beam which swaps the moving direction of a single clone for an example) The game is very short and you CAN finish it in one sitting. There isn't anything like a ""Boss"" or an antagonist. It would've been nice to have some sort of ""showdown"" in the end."
,Recommended,231160,8644183,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"simply one of the most beautiful and intriguing puzzle games I have ever played. it gives you a wonderful, atmospheric world to explore (with a very cool and unique main game mechanic) filled with beautiful and sometimes chilling soundtracks to accompany you. this game is a must play."
,Recommended,231160,17488865,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ProMete,"THE SWAPPERIf you like puzzle games with a beautiful space designs and artworks, you shoul definetly go for the Swapper.----------------------CategoryPointsGraphics & Optimization8.9Atmosphere9.1Story6.9Replayability3.5Control9.1Gameplay9.0Puzzle World9.7Fun & Good time6.2Music7.1Price & Performance5.5TOTAL75.0 / 100"
,Recommended,231160,8420795,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Somoon,
,Recommended,231160,8942635,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Samoose,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever played. It is an amazing puzzle game, with an outstanding soundtrack. A visually stunning masterpiece."
,Recommended,231160,19245989,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,9/10
,Recommended,231160,8620524,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Sabrejack,"Good: concept, core mechanics, controls, puzzles, music, visualsJust okay: script writing, voice actingThe two colored lights blocking the swapper gun's two functions make the puzzles feel contrived, especially the hardest puzzles at the very end, but overall the game is still fun and the puzzles themselves are cleverly made.  Definitely worth the $5 I paid."
,Recommended,231160,23962733,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,namedkenn,"Seen this game recommended in many websites as the best steam summer sale deals, with a really good graphic, a creative way of solving puzzles and especially the really wallet-friendly price, this game is a must have."
76561198303526018,Recommended,231160,24472953,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,steriana,"Extremely well-executed puzzle game. The environment is very unique, the character modeling is engaging, the game mechanic is elegant, and the puzzles themselves are challenging, sometimes requires thought across multiple gaming sessions, until the a-ha moment arrives. Best of all, the puzzles do not require precise timing or pixel-hunting.The slowly-evolving storyline is...meh...not my cup of tea. It attempts to raise a singular philosophical point but in my opinion, it is a disjointed, uncompelling story justification for a puzzle game."
76561197969875942,Recommended,231160,22810385,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dvine,"The player has a cloning and consciousness swapping tool, with which he has to overcome obstacles to collect orbs, which open door and teleports to access new areas of the map, and reveal more about the existential space SF story.Personally, I found the mysterious story and clay model graphics very intruiging, but the puzzles just seemed like always the same thing returning with greater complexity.Below, my first hour of gameplay, you can follow my thought process and practically see a light go up when I solve the first puzzles.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJNbsAGWTng"
76561198202603148,Recommended,231160,22131719,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,skiiggeboy1,10/10+ Atmospheric music+ Atmospheric graphics+ Atmosphere
76561198000078066,Recommended,231160,9717793,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Apotheosic,"Wow! What a game! I'm almost upset I didn't get around to playing this sooner.This game is a pretty non-standard puzzle-platformer, based around the central mechanic of creating clones and swapping places with them. The puzzle design is really excellent. Builds on itself very well and continually teaches the player through very fluid, dynamic progression.The visual astethic is extremely unique and very cool. The environments and atmosphere are all very dark and cold, and portray an appropriate degree of isolation and/or solitude.The story, though, is where this game really floored me. Without giving anything away, it's way more philosophical and interesting than I ever would have expected from a game of this type. I cannot applaud enough how much I loved this game's story and themes.10/10, absolutely get this game."
,Recommended,231160,15679217,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,leonthesleepy,"Mature Sci Fi is a rarity these days, and The Swapper does it right, intriguing and challenging you till its ending, and even then it makes you ponder about the experience and what it all means. The Swapper is a game that sneaks up on you, and surprises you when you least expect it!"
,Recommended,231160,17288156,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Creamium,"The Swapper is one of the best puzzle games I've played. The puzzles get challenging fast, but they're designed in a way that the solution always seems within reach. Sometimes it's more straightforward than you thought, but the more devious ones are more complicated than they first seem. Either way, sometimes I'd just enter a room, try to figure out the riddle, then quit out the game and take a break if I didn't find a solution. But I never had the temptation to check out a guide. I loved the design in the puzzles too much to succumb to that. It's also way too satisfying to figure it out on your own, even if some are complex.Basic concept of The Swapper is that you can create up to 4 clones of yourself, which behave exactly like you do, and you can swap consciousness with them. The consequence is that the body you leave behind is just an empty vessel, which you can use as a tool, a means to an end.The developers actually run with this concept and a big part of the (surprisingly great) story revolves around the clones and the concept of a soul and the complexity of mind and matter. The story resonates because you are constantly hands-on with the overarching theme of the game. If you have to do a cruel thing to one of your clones, it hits home. The memorable finale is a culmination of all the soul-searching (and swapping) you had to do to get there.The Swapper could've just been a series of brilliant puzzles and I would've loved it already, but they fleshed it out and created an interesting universe around it. To top it all off, there are the numerous echoes of Metroid and Alien, giving you an eerie sense of isolation.Rarely do you get such a flawless fusion of gameplay, concept and story. This game is a gem, that a lot of people seem to be sleeping on. You shouldn't. Play it, it's brilliant."
76561197969417125,Recommended,231160,7670241,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,G00N3R,"The Swapper is a puzzle game whose central mechanic is the ability to create clones of yourself and then take control of them. These clones all move together, so positioning them can be tricky and its further complicated by coloured areas that prevent either the creation of a clone, or swapping to it. The goal is to collect enough orbs to pass checkpoints. Early in the game when stuck on a puzzle you can skip it and solve another, but by the end you have to solve everything. I was disappointed that there are no new abilities to add new mechanics later in the game. Length depends on how quickly you solve the puzzles, took me 6 hours but I used a guide because my last 3 puzzles had me totally stumped. The story is weak. You're dropped in with no explanation of who you are or what is happening and by the time it provided some answers, I'd lost interest. I don't mind a mystery, but you have to start me off with a reason to care. Overall I could only recommend this to hardcore puzzle fans."
,Recommended,231160,8114253,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,bodryachock,"Amazing puzzles, interesting storyline and desperate atmosphere in space. Best puzzle-platform game of the year."
,Recommended,231160,3394531,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Meatbug,"Brilliant Puzzle-Platformer!You take over the role of an unnamed astronaut who finds a mysterious device, which can create a clone of yourself and also swap yourself (your soul?) into it.You have to make use of your swapping-device to solve puzzles and overcome obstacles.You also get some background story through log-entries and narration, which i found pretty fascinating (almost philosophical and very mature).If you like puzzle-platform games, then this is highly recommended!"
,Recommended,231160,23937399,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AbuKhalid,لعبه جميلهاذا تحب الافكار الجديدة في الجو العام للعبه وطريقة الالغاز  فهذه جابتها بكل شي تقريبافيديو بسيطhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQg481WI5aQ
,Not Recommended,231160,21145062,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Vorthod,"TL;DR: ""Look at all the fun stuff these NPCs are doing. Boy I wish I could be doing some of that.""Basic Gameplay: Walk forward, find a door that needs X Macguffins to open, go do random self-contained puzzles until you have X-many of them, open door, watch another character do something interesting on the other side of a wall, realize they were never introduced, realize you have no context for this place at all, rinse and repeat.The whole ""Clone-n-swap gun"" idea is nice, but either it's not as fun in practice as it looks on paper or they just implemented it poorly. I don't feel like I've ever accomplished anything once I've finished the puzzles, I just sit there doing a group of five or so until the game decides to let me enter a hallway that branches off into harder puzzles.The mysterious beings scattered around are boring as heck, and the only other character that you see is incredibly confusing and yet is your only source of motivation in game. I literally start out having no idea who I am or why I'm here. Am I part of the crew? no, everything indicates that I'm new to this place. Am I some sort of rescue party? Not likely since the one other person who found this place is bringing in an actual rescue party in a day, so nobody knew about this place. Am I an amnesiac? No, that trope would at least be giving me an excuse for having no character and no motivation (and might have some interesting storytelling potential involving the nature of the swapper). And despite all this, I'm being led by the nose by a completely bipolar astronaut who is not doing anything to make this game world easier to understand. Or is it many astronauts? Multiple hard-to-differentiate voices seem to be talking to me during these scenes, and they each have their own name in the subtitles, so maybe there's many of them and I just see one...honestly, this seems like an important thing to clarify early on they are going to be our only contact(s) in the game world. Instead they wait until you've been playing for 2 hours and are thoroughly confused/bored with the game.Anyway, just...just find a different game to play. This one isn't worth the time."
,Recommended,231160,24818732,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"The Swapper is a solid game with a few quirks.Pros:- The gameplay is excellent. The puzzles were very enjoyable to figure out, and the difficulty increased at a fair pace. I loved how the cloning and swaping worked and I found it very innovative and fun.- The atmosphere was nice. It was spooky but a kind of pleasant spooky that space should give off.- The length was what I expected in this type of side scroller. I didn't feel that it dragged on or felt rushed.- The ability to go back to previously visited areas as you progress in the game (especially for side scrollers) is something that I love to see.Cons:- The story was bland and toward the end simply confusing. I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. I wanted to learn more about the Watchers and their history too.- The terminal logs you can find throughout the game were lacking substance. I think that hurt the story. One game I can think of that had a similar kind of system is J.U.L.I.A. Among the Stars. It contains the same idea where reading the crew's logs reveals the story to you. The logs in that game worked and resonated with the story well. The Swapper logs on the other hand felt dry.- WHY CAN'T I GO BACK TO THE SHIP AFTER I FINISH THE GAME, EVEN AFTER I PRAISED YOU FOR LETTING ME TRAVEL THROUGHOUT THE SHIP DURING THE GAME? YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!The pros definitely outweigh the cons, and I recommend this for anyone who enjoys a side scrolling puzzle game.Also, there are no jump scares."
,Recommended,231160,11247098,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,NIL0S,"Its atmosphere is so dense, you can cut it with a blowtorch."
,Recommended,231160,8488608,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rdku,"This is an amazing platformer, with great puzzles, great gameplay and a very nice design. You can't go wrong by buying this game."
,Recommended,231160,13210422,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FN-2187,Can't tell if original or clone. Too many swaps.9/10
76561197994263286,Recommended,231160,22464742,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Clinic,"Thoroughly enjoyed The Swapper.  You start off thinking the game is a Portal-esque puzzle game, but then you start to get a feel for the game's own character.  And character the game has in spades.  Completing challenging, but not soul crushing puzzles makes you feel clever.  Following the story via the assorted logs and audio queues is fulfilling.  You slowly figure out what is going on, and at the end you are left with a choice that feels like it has depth.  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,231160,22231159,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,BOT Yokel,"TL;DRThe Swapperis a stunning game with its atmosphere, soundtrack, narrative, and graphics commending each other extremely well.ReviewThe Swapperhas a a rather dark narrative, with the plotdeveloping through moments of curiosity, to realization, and to sufferance.(Spoiler, hover over black area to reveal text)This game truly portrays the story in entirely pertinent fashion.Its somber, progressively haunting atmosphere is incredibly satisfying to play through.For a 2D Puzzle Platformer, the graphics/art style suits it so well.An occasional parallax effect on the background is not overdone at all and is extremely fit for the scene when used.The long and drawn out shadows combined with the aforementioned atmosphere compliment each other extremely well.The bloom effects can become a bit much, but I personally loved them.They gave a feeling quite reminiscent of a dusty, abandoned areawhich is the main setting for most of the game despite some well lit areas.(Spoiler, hover over black area to reveal text)All of these combined with the soundtrack inThe Swapperbring out a rather solemn sentiment throughout the game.This last feature was the one that really, really sucked me into this game. Kind of like reading a really sad part in a book. You want to keep on reading but as you read, you just start to get the feels.Overall, I give this game a solid 9.5/10"
76561198110334762,Recommended,231160,11077256,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Th3-Re4per,"Very interesting storyline combined with tons of puzzles and a few hidden easter eggs. Completed it in about 2.5hrs, not worth more than $10 but I deffinately recommend you purchase this game the next time it goes on sale."
76561198314137328,Recommended,231160,30998327,Posted: 7 April,all,yon2k2,Great puzzle game!
,Recommended,231160,11194736,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,josh covfefe,"A wonderful piece of art, smart game, a lot of complicated puzzles that you will have to go through, using your ""Swapping"" technology, music fits just right, sometimes when i run around it gives me the great memories i had with the old Abe's Oddysee. A great game anyway, if you have enough money, and you are into puzzle games, this one won't disappoint you."
,Recommended,231160,11134748,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ncrdrg,"A beautiful gem of a game. Much more philosophical than I thought and yet it was everything I hoped for when it comes to a puzzle/platformer game. It forced me to think really really hard to solve some of the puzzles out there. Starts simple enough and then the difficulty gradually ramps up and you have to really be creative and ingenious to figure out how to get some of these orbs.My only knock against the game is the achievements. They're too devious. Hidden behind walls, with no clue where to go on, you literally have to either try cloning yourself on every wall you encounter or watch a video walkthrough to find them. Otherwise, odds are you'll just finish the game without seeing a single one of them."
76561198027125385,Recommended,231160,11118563,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,<ludicrously odd>,"Unique, challenging and fun. Progression is determined by solving numerous puzzles, some of which will have you screaming ""it's impossible!"", until you solve it while doing something completely different and feel like a genius. With minimal tutorials, each new puzzle requires both strategic planning and a flair of creativity, and are for the most part highly rewarding to solve.The story starts off slowly and the puzzles distract you, but as you progress the narrative comes together in an subtle, interesting way, striking deep. The art style is beautiful and the music soft. There is a lot of silence, which suits a game set on an derelict station drifting in space; the ambience complements the narrative very well.Take the time to appreciate the environment and story as you progress and this game will surely impress."
,Recommended,231160,27683,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Zeke,"This reminds me of Portal 1, except it was entertaining.The game uses a clone puzzle mechanic. Some puzzles are difficult, while others are 'oh, I just needed to do that?'. You need to think sometimes.Art direction is unique and you've NEVER played a game that looks like it.The real cream on this cake comes from the plot. It's got philosophy; plus, it doesn't cross the line and muddle it with junk science. Unlike the god awful movie Prometheus which was marred worse than a 6 year old to a rabid dog, the science is rarely talked about in The Swapper, and the ambiguous themes are made known.There are two endings (maybe a third, I don't know; probably not) and I chose to retain my identity, even if it were for a minute longer. Yes, the story makes you think, too."
,Recommended,231160,2841060,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Level 52 Hat Inspector,"You are a lone Space Man launched out into space without a single ♥♥♥♥ing warning. You then find yourself trying to get back to your research station, only to soon realized you wish you exploded on the ♥♥♥♥ing asteroid you landed on. You spend weeks wandering around the cold, dead station. You than find the Portal device. You soon realize you can create 4 other lonely Space Men, who will copy you down to your exact movement. This scientific feat comes at a steap cost...strange Alien rocks can now talk to you. They will send you imagines of horror, roasted burning babies, the screams of the damned and even spout out nonsense that sounds like dying whales. As you slolwy lose your sanity you meet another Human scientist: Mrrgery Stuart Baxter. She informs you that she indeed created the flying sex rocks in order to rain hell on the liberal agenda. Using your 4 ♥♥♥♥ buddys you defeat Wendy the adopted flying space ♥♥♥♥ and kiss your husband.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard and I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it. Would never slam again."
,Recommended,231160,1331400,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Mosquito Señorito,"Have you seen the movie ""Moon""? Lonely guy on moon, his only companion is a robot. Yes? Then buy the game! It catches that awesome athmosphere of isolation perfectly. What? Some say they haven't seen it? Well, firstly, go see it. Secondly- if you love sci-fi, buy the game. It has smart puzzles (but not over the top hard), intriguing story and a great athmosphere. All blended in into one smart pice of sci-fi game. It is a good, very good."
,Recommended,231160,8667983,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Girishajin,Amazing atmosphere and genius puzzles that will make your brain go BOOM!
,Recommended,231160,13969299,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"This is for the most part a puzzle game, not a platformer. I'm really struggling to figure out how to do these puzzles and so I've gotten stuck quite early on... I can only recommend this for strict fans of puzzler games."
,Recommended,231160,1460469,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,zkylon,"awesome puzzler, not too hard, deep♥♥♥♥♥♥plot, looks gorgeousI really like astronauts"
76561198044094966,Recommended,231160,11205244,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mister No Lacking,Really recommend this game! Super fun :)
,Recommended,231160,946961,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,DeathMaster,"The Swapper is a puzzle platformer set in deep space. The premise is simple: you can clone yourself up to four times and take control of one of these clones at the same time. This unique gimmick also grants a number of unique puzzles. And these puzzles are great. The game rarely tells you what to do, only explains some basics and the rest is up to you.The puzzles themselves are highly enjoyable, challenging and really require you to think outside of the box. However, a few of these puzzles are so insanely difficult that even the most seasoned puzzlers have to kill the pride any puzzle game can offer, and look for help on the web. Other puzzles require such pinpoint precision that even that becomes frustrating.Difficulty aside I have nothing to complain about. The graphics are gorgeous, supposedly entirely made from clay, but I would've believed it to be the U3 engine just as well. The setting is really dark, a bit creepy even and perfectly fits with the idea of a derelict space station. There's some replayability for finding hidden rooms and an alternate ending, but puzzlers lose their charm after the solution has been found.One final applause for the story of the game, which is just as mindblowing as some of the later puzzles. Hollywood quality writing there, with plenty of room for your own interpretation. I should, however, tell you as little about it as possible.Looking for a challenge? Looking for a great puzzler? Looking for an awesome, open-ended story? The Swapper won't disappoint you.+ Unique mechanics and puzzles+ Challenging!+ Wonderful setting and fitting graphics+ Mindblowing story- Too challenging?8.5/10"
,Recommended,231160,12434275,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,slepix,why aren't you playing this right now?
76561198012023582,Recommended,231160,23009736,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lewrker,"Awesome puzzles, at least four serious head-scratchers. Story is OK, enough to provide a sensible motivation, not really as profound or enlightening as I've heard."
,Recommended,231160,22956891,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Samindigo,"This game is a gem!! Great story, challenging puzzles, and the ambiance really is cool. Seriously worth your money and your time!"
,Recommended,231160,23073782,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,quinz,Absolutely fantastic game. The plot and storylines literally mind blowing :) Sounds and music makes the experience perfect. I wouldn't change a single bit of this game. Good job.
76561198091433569,Recommended,231160,22911040,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,James Sunderland,One of the best puzzle - platformers ever made
,Recommended,231160,23029006,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561197993402955,Recommended,231160,9114582,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,the real dead space
,Recommended,231160,6592160,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Bah,This is a visually stunning and musically stunning game. It is an early candidate for my GOTY. Very atmospheric and challenging puzzle game. There's not much else that needs to be said. Must buy at full price and crazy to pass up during Summer Sale.
,Recommended,231160,28612510,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,xBroccoli,"Basically a 2D Portal, you walk from chamber to chamber solving puzzles by using your high-tech gun.Storywise much more serious than Portal, none of those humorous moments."
76561197964889006,Recommended,231160,10913414,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Saikron,"The Swapper is a puzzle side scroller similar to Portal, but instead of a portal gun you have a ""Swapper device"" which allows you to create clones of yourself and swap into them. Whichever clones you aren't controlling do their best to copy your movements.Pros:- Unique, awesome graphics- Challenging, balanced puzzles- Appropriately short length- Interesting storyCons:- Some parts of the game aren't lit well enough to see what you're doing- The metaphysics/philosophy of the game is kind of obnoxiously preaching for the existence of a soul"
76561198002917932,Recommended,231160,8613297,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Gomer,A wondrously atmostpheric sci-fi claymation puzzle-platformer!
76561198021357681,Recommended,231160,15614489,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Eddow,"This is one of the best puzzle games I ever played in my entire life. The game immediately strikes the eye with a very atmospheric setting. The whole environment is beautifully crafted. To fully enjoy this, playing on a high resolution is recommended. The originality of this game is out of question. By creating clones of yourself, you have to try to get to things. The game slowly gets you going to get used to the cloning mechanics. The puzzles are challenging enough to give you a sweat, but never leave you frustrated. As the game goes on, the story unfolds with messages coming in different forms. The story evolves very well and wants you to solve the puzzles even more. The only downside I can think of is that the end comes to soon. If you like puzzle games, you won't be disappointed by this masterpiece."
,Recommended,231160,28777483,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SquareMike,"This game is soooo nice! I was trying to remember what game it reminds me of and I can finally remember it was Knytt Underground. That game was so good and I was hoping for so many years for someone to make a similar game and I finally found this one which is even better to me. It has really nice graphics and I love the puzzles that you have to solve using your swapping gun, while feeling familiar at the same time to people who have played games like Knytt."
,Recommended,231160,28995964,Posted: 3 January,all,James Spanos,"Got this on sale, for I believe 2.69, I'd say even full price is something I'd be okay with giving, this game is perfect, albeit a very obvious tribute to the movie ""MOON"". Regardless, soundtrack though scarse fits perfectly, setting up a very bleak and scary-like atmosphere, the story is not annoying and not in your face, but the best part about the game is the gameplay. There is one puzzle I couldn't figure out myself and had to look at an online solution, and I was really close to it, in terms of logic. I say if you're looking at alternatives to Portal, I think this is the closest, if not better, approximation to it."
,Recommended,231160,1488882,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Kaybroh,"Astronaut Sam Bell has a quintessentially personal encounter toward the end of his three-year stint on the Moon, where he, working alongside his computer, GERTY, sends back to Earth parcels of a resource that has helped diminish our planet's power problems."
76561198043401618,Recommended,231160,8851428,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SickRamen,"Well... was so good I just sat there and finished it in one go.Really good puzzle platformer, a sort of mix between LIMBO and portal, but longer than both (took me 5 hours).The cloning / swapping mechanism - which the whole game is based on - is unlocked from the start, and simple to learn, but the difficulty ramps up rather fast and you find yourself often forced to think outside the box.The difficulty was challenging but just about right. You can skip some rooms and revisit them later (once you've done the last rooms, they will seem easy!). A couple of time I almost felt the temptation to youtube some solutions, but thankfully I resisted the urge and forced myself to think all the way!A pure pleasure; one of those few game that make you feel you became smarter after you played them.Oh and I almost forgot to mention, the art is beautiful and the story well thought provoking."
76561197968956752,Recommended,231160,9096307,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Smart exploration / puzzle game mechanics✓ Excellent graphics style✓ Impressive technology (custom game engine!)✓ Great lighting effects✓ Excellent sound design and great soundtracks✓ Mesmerizing atmosphere, good storyline✓ Linux support!"
,Recommended,231160,10666103,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tony smart,sometime
76561198261162631,Not Recommended,231160,26343241,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rye,"Neat idea and mechanics. Too bad the game has hidden areas and ""try the same thing 100 times until you get the timing exactly right so you can move on"" tricks. Without that kind of trash it would have been a fun game."
,Recommended,231160,15302338,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sirozha,Pros:+Immersive athmosphere+Amazing graphics+Good gameplay+Nice soundtrackCons:-Too short-Some puzzles are too hard8/10
76561198031073876,Recommended,231160,22699740,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mr.Nixon,Wonderful atmospheric game.
,Recommended,231160,989153,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Xeinok,"Interesting story, fun puzzles - a good <5hour game.  Very difficult achievements to find."
76561198008403641,Recommended,231160,28587222,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shark,9/10
,Recommended,231160,7902981,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Epople,The puzzle aspect of the game is very fun but the story is actually pretty lame and uninspiring. I wouldn't go out of my way to read too deep into it.
,Recommended,231160,32714717,Posted: 24 June,all,terrymcgrady,mind-blowing
76561198032121314,Recommended,231160,24746237,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,FingersofFury,Pretty good.
76561198346333773,Recommended,231160,33081981,Posted: 1 July,all,En1gma,"Beautiful Graphic, atmospheric, good storyline. Very Recommended"
,Recommended,231160,28757281,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CrazedRed,The rocks talk to you10/10 would feel lonely again
,Not Recommended,231160,29313798,Posted: 17 January,all,invizi,I expected more. The gameplay requires you to kill clones of yourself which if backed up with a good plot would have made for a pretty decent consciousness-themed game like SOMA. Instead we have a bunch of stones talking (about nothing in particular.) The design was really really good. The puzzles were nothing special.
76561198025129395,Recommended,231160,18106311,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Eagleshadow,"Recomended becasue of phenomenal writing and atmosphere. Puzzle design varies from spectacular to somewhat annoying, but there's always a guide for those annoying few so it doesn't really take away from the game much. Puzzle mechanics and implementation are perfect."
,Recommended,231160,8695645,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Senseless Streaming,"So far I'm absolutely in love with this game. Beautiful visuals, haunting soundtrack, and verynice puzzle mechanics, this is a must-buy."
76561198024521505,Recommended,231160,16443811,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,You Shall Not Pass,I live.My clone dies.I live again.10/10
,Recommended,231160,8402788,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stephen,"The story is interesting, but it's more a glue for the puzzles themselves. The swap mechanic is brilliant, and creates puzzles that require me to completely change how I look at the situation. Some of the puzzles are brutal, but once you solve it, the rush is so great.Definitely worth checking this game out."
,Recommended,231160,11114141,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,晨风薤露,Intelligence drops rapidly since graduation. I play such games to catch up and am glad to have beaten it on my own.It is a game of good ambience which gave me a sense of floating in space. Enjoyed it.
,Recommended,231160,11157803,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ott,An excellent game with an excellent story. Will provide about 3-4 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,231160,8609187,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,IsaacOhYeah,It is a very good game  fun puzzles and fun to mess with your dupelacits only thing i dislike about this game is the story it confused me. i also dont like the background noizes but that is all other wise great game :D
76561198106381240,Recommended,231160,10045223,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,SEVER,"Awesome game. Great atmosphere, excellent gameplay. Intensive puzzles and overall fun to play!"
,Recommended,231160,8402300,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sweggin_leeebrok,"Elegent, underrated, unknown, worthy, difficult"
,Recommended,231160,26160775,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bacony Infusion,"I like to compare this game to Ori and The Blind Forest.They share the incredible visuals, incredible soundtrack (which is extremely good at creating the right setting) and unique gameplay. What is different, though, is that The Swapper is WAY deeper, and while Ori is like a Disney story whichends happy, and leaves you with this happy feelingThe Swapper end in such a spectacular way, that leaves you with incredibly many questions and where the answers is up to your own interpretation. The Swapper is way more mysterious and dark than Ori and it is really an incredible experience.TL:DR;Imagine Ori and The Blind Forest with a deeper, darker and more mysterious story. Sounds great? Buy it."
76561198004384209,Recommended,231160,25942395,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,"fun game. great idea, great execution"
76561198067090712,Recommended,231160,6474403,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Igor,Good game
76561198000833718,Recommended,231160,25851367,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gump69,Exellent Game! One of the best on STEAM!
,Recommended,231160,15101422,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Icjusty,Yes
76561197964364524,Recommended,231160,13560440,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CSM,GOTY 2013
,Recommended,231160,7543072,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],Fantastic.  Great visual asthetic and high concept for a puzzle platformer.
,Recommended,231160,12955495,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Buster,"""Facepalm Games  made a great puzzle platformer that raised some interesting questions, but unfortunately never went beyond that.""Read the full review"
,Recommended,231160,10269788,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheGameTutor,The Swapper is a fantastic indie title that has a perfect atmosphere and selection of puzzles. Fantastic stuff.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=264722993Here is my youtube review
,Recommended,231160,32082737,Posted: 31 May,all,Chameleon,"Simply amazing... there were only a handful challenging puzzles but none the less, very creative. Music and stroy was gr8 plus the ending... got goosebumps. That's how good it is.11/9 would reccommend"
76561198005727753,Recommended,231160,27898700,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nivdawg,"It was kind of hard to follow the narrative at some points, and one puzzle near the end had me stumped for far too long. Interesting premise and puzzles."
76561198044677414,Recommended,231160,11113921,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,mrpistachio13,"I can't believe this game hasn't gotten more attention. It really is beautiful. The puzzle design is brilliant, the art direction is beautiful, and the story is engrossing. I would place this one up there with Braid, Portal, and Limbo. If you like those games I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,231160,11174626,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Falyesai,"At first I was apprehensive about buying this game. Even after buying it, it has hung around in my game collection without being played. Started playing and absolutely love it. Simple idea but makes your brain think. Loads of puzzles to figure out."
76561197970637148,Recommended,231160,11132536,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dungeon Keeper,Great puzzle game!
,Recommended,231160,11210379,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mitnz,"This games falls into the adventure puzzle pantheon, aside such greats as Portal or Braid. Clever, challenging, very well executed."
76561198067672433,Recommended,231160,11164492,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,your bad self,"The Swapper is a small indie but don't let this fact deceive you. It's an atmospheric and beautifully made game that not only entertains you but also offers to dive into existential matters while solving the puzzles -- which is quite enjoyable. It's a great visual and philosophic experience. If you like the genre, I would definitely recommend playing The Swapper."
76561197996777932,Recommended,231160,11130226,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TheAugmentedMuffin,"The Swapper is an incredible game. With an atmosphere reminiscent of the quietest moments in the first Dead Space, an art style that above all reminds me of the film Moon, and a very clever puzzle mechanic hinging on a cloning device allowing you to make up to 4 copies of yourself that mimic your movements. Its story explores the human condition more than any other piece of interactive sci fi I have come across, but it is not at the expense of gameplay. The moment to moment experience actually fuels the storyline which is sparsely but adeptly interwoven throughout your journey.Do yourself a favour and pick up the Swapper. It is cheap, memorable, mind-bending and very thought-provoking. It is up there with Limbo and Closure in my favourite indie games of all time, the only downside being that I wish there was more of this world to explore."
,Recommended,231160,11129389,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,thundershoe,"As robust an experience you will find in any video game. Gameplay, story, visuals, audio: all are superbly crafted."
,Recommended,231160,11218043,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Chimp,(Platformer + Portal + gravity flipping) * puzzles ^2If you like portal then you'll like this. The artwork is fantastic and the story keeps you engrossed. 4-6 hours of gameplay but was worth the cost for the experience.Good fun though it made my brain hurt.
,Recommended,231160,11176133,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sneaky Penguin,"A simple mechanic, the ability to create clones and swap your position with them, breaths new life into standard puzzles much like Portal did when it came out. The immersive story, enviorment, and soundtrack are all wonderful bonuses that explain the tale of how and why this swapping ability came to be."
76561198091747337,Recommended,231160,32686182,Posted: 23 June,all,Magic Miller,I'm proud to say I didn't need to consult any walkthrough videos to work out any of the puzzles :D
,Recommended,231160,4149382,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Sissy that Sasquatch,"Rich atmosphere, haunting story, highly intelligent puzzles, and overall excellent level design. A true benchmark in puzzle platforming."
,Recommended,231160,8666045,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,AllCatNoFish,"This game is amazing! It is completely unique. It is like Portal in the sense that it is a puzzle game, but that's as far as it goes. At first I was skeptical about it, but as soon as I got to about 5 minutes in, I loved it. It's intriguing, facinating, and is by far the BEST side scroller I have even played. (Beats Mario) It shouldn't really be considered 2-D either, the graphics have depth and are very realistic. I was blown away by this game and reccomend it to anyone who liked Portal or other puzzle/campain style games."
76561198112768763,Recommended,231160,23929287,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bill l'abeille,Gud Game
76561198066350570,Recommended,231160,16541981,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,s3RTH,"I would make a swap of myself so he could go to school,  I'd make a swap of myself so he could go to work, I'd swap anything so I can play even more, its fun. Hell I'd swap my soul to play this again."
76561197994947653,Recommended,231160,13767038,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Major_TORMENT,"A horror game in the true sense of the term ""horror"". It doesn't scare you, or make you jump, but it is horrifying nonetheless. You slowly uncover the truth of what's going on, and the more you know the less at ease you'll be. The whole game is eerie, including the primary game mechanic.Some great puzzles and enough of it to keep you entertained for a good few hours at least. Overall, very much worth a purchase, sale or no sale."
,Recommended,231160,23768991,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BlackBaron,"Unique atmosphere, clever puzzles that make use of the unique ""clone yourself"" game mechanic. Not incredible value as it hold almost no replayability, but it's a damn good game."
,Recommended,231160,10679696,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pyta,"A great puzzle game, feels a little bit like Limbo.Not very long (5-6 hours) but the pacing is great."
,Recommended,231160,24347267,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Alexthestreet,"Awesome puzzle game. Just the right amount of difficulty, creepiness, and listing three things."
76561198140568671,Recommended,231160,24421088,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Huske,Just buy it! You will not regret...
76561198089114484,Recommended,231160,24295607,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ghost,What did I just witness... I need to lie down.
76561198041125611,Recommended,231160,12795451,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,be nice to your clones... you never know when they might swap you
,Recommended,231160,9994383,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"A beautiful and philosophical game with a single mechanic involving cloning and swapping between these clones. many puzzle platformers with a single mechanic gets boring and repetetive very fast, but not this game. because it uses this single mechanic in different clever ways and varies things up in a great pace. it is similar to fez in that regard; a single mechanic and a vast world to explore that gives the player the freedom to think outside the box and utilize their power in various scenarios.This game truly fits on the shelf among other indie heavy hitters such as limbo, braid or journeyon a side note: This game reminded me of ""the infinite ocean"" a free flash game available on armor games. its story is very different from the swapper and it is not even the same game genre. it's a point and click. but if you liked the swapper i can strongly recommend the infinite ocean because they share the same mysterious and haunting alone-in-space atmosphere and deals with the same tropes and concepts. asking similar mind blowing philosophical questions that really makes you think."
,Recommended,231160,8628813,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Johnny5point6,"This game makes my brain hurt. It is so beautiful, and such a strange gameplay mechanic. I haven't played anything quite like it. It really requires you to think in a totally different way. I love it."
,Recommended,231160,20049557,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Coja,The game pretty intuitive most of the time. I only had trouble until I figured out that holding right click slowed down time so it was easier to place clones while in mid air. The puzzles are challenging enough that I wanted to keep going to the next one but not so hard that I entirely gave up on the game. Worth the price I paid for it.
76561198130514798,Recommended,231160,10739368,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"Excellent atmosphere, challenging gameplay, but it was a bit short. Nice way to kill an afternoon."
76561198034077181,Recommended,231160,10671946,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rbc,"Nice Game , Nice Graphics , Just Buy And Have Fun ."
,Recommended,231160,28782710,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nasty Kid,Beautiful. Amazing experience. Surprisingly immersive. And yet... why is the character animation so awful?
,Recommended,231160,23304271,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Morbo????,FINALLY A PORTAL RIPOFF THAT ACTUALLY GOOD. I GENUINELY ENJOY MANY THINGS ABOUT THIS GAME. 5/7 PERFECT GAME
,Recommended,231160,31565781,Posted: 5 May,all,GaiusBertus,"A short but very profound game. Great artwork, beautiful ambient soundtrack, lovely lighting. The science fiction story is philosophical somewhat ambiguous: my favourite kind of story! The ending offers a moral choice I struggled with, and in the end I still don't know if I chose the best option. And let's not forget: it has some great puzzles too. Nothing too hard, except for the hidden terminals (achievements), of which I could find only four without help of the internet. I you liked Portal or The Talos Principle, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,231160,23935515,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ChewyGold,"The Swapper really makes you think. It has various puzzles that you have to solve by making clones of yourself and swapping between them, as you figure out what happened onboard an almost deserted orbital research station.It's a great game for puzzle lovers, and the music is pretty top notch."
,Recommended,231160,7768978,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SWFanatic,A beautiful game with excellent puzzles. Reminds me of the old LucasArts adventure game The Dig. I bought this by a recommendation saying anyone who likes Braid will enjoy this. I had already heard good things about it from other sources and that was the only additional encouragement I required.
76561197996006952,Recommended,231160,7767596,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Observer,Just buy it already!fantastic game.great art style.good controls.easy but satisfying puzzles.
76561198022186188,Recommended,231160,25384331,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,selambentolgi,"a very dramatic, clever and philosophical storyline. clever and fun puzzles. it also makes you think about existentialist concepts while playing, so it is worth your time."
,Recommended,231160,5210413,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Ben,Good puzzles based off a unique concept and it creates a stunning atmosphere. Comparable to the Portal games without VALVe's lighthearted humor or
76561197970375531,Recommended,231160,18174027,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Findus,If you like puzzles and sci-fi there is no excuse not to buy this game. Just wait til winter and buy it on sale. Strongly recommended.
76561197970078168,Recommended,231160,378657,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,hermetico,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.It's an interesting puzzleing game, with a surpresive and unique mechanics. You will need to clone yourself up to 4 times and be tricky by controlling all your clones at once, to achieve the goals.Puzzles start deceptively easy and increase in difficulty exponentially.A mind-bender. Not so hard and ""quantic"" as antichamber but, a really good one.If you enjoyed Portal, Antichamber and, that kind of surprisingly fresh takes on puzzleing games then, you OWE this game.That people that says it's short is because they went to some guide to solve the three or four really hard puzzles it has. Just a few seem impossible to imagine how to solve them. And, I confess I had to check some youtube video with a couple.Graphics aren't a deployment of art and technology but, perfectly serve to the overall atmosphear and mechanics of the game. Sound is also in same ball park.Story, is just an excuse to link everything toghether. Adds or substracts nothing."
,Recommended,231160,10830950,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,OG Swaggerdick,"I don't play a lot of platformers but when I do, I play The Swapper. Genuinely fun and the puzzles go from ""I got this"" to ""I have no idea what im doing"" relatively quickly. Im about half way through and the story is definitely very Sci-fi, but the soundtrack and animations are top notch. Very good ambiance that the devs created. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,231160,8437907,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,^1LOVELESS,An amazing game
,Recommended,231160,8432600,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shaamaan,"An amazing game.Fantastic graphics, a really unsettling setting (and mechanics, once it kicks in), and some really really brain-twisting puzzles.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,231160,13080072,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Okay, I just started playing this, but I can already see that it's going to be an awesome game. Thanks for putting so much into this, guys."
76561198184081933,Not Recommended,231160,34309727,Posted: 17 August,all,Logic's Nemesis,">I had high expectations for this game because of the reviews. I'm not saying that it's bad necessarily, but rather, It left me disappointed. The puzzles are well built and range from casual play to getting so infuriated that you become malevolent to the Devs. Some puzzles I spent too much time on, and even when I solved them without assistance, the victory was bitter-sweet because I slaved so much of my life away on that ONE level. The story is very ambiguous and still remains hazy to me. Just felt incomplete.>Do you remember when games were there for you to settle after you came home from school/work? When they were fun and just to blow time on? Well, this game will make it feel like you have chores to do because this entire game -even as short as it is- is one big task.>On a side note, the visuals of this game are pretty amazing, but you should know that graphics don't make a game."
,Recommended,231160,15504691,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,unclepeyj,One of the best games I've played this year. The puzzles are really good and well balanced!
,Recommended,231160,634771,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Zangler,"A seriously amazing game...it is like 2001 meets The Moon, meets 2010, meets The Abyss...fantastic feel to the whole game."
,Recommended,231160,27546665,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MechMK1,The game is okay for the pricetag. The puzzles near the end were quite difficult and not that pleasant to solve. You might need a guide to finish the game.
76561198268845823,Recommended,231160,31849066,Posted: 19 May,all,RCPunk,This game needs more recognition!!
,Recommended,231160,31915142,Posted: 23 May,all,RenZhai,I have a mind of Christopher Nolan now thanks dev
,Recommended,231160,34399913,Posted: 21 August,all,theBrost,Three Articles on The SwapperThe Swapper: Eureka!http://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/07/the-swapper-eureka.htmlThe Swapping of the Mindhttp://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/08/the-swapping-of-mind.htmlIn The Swapper the Watchers Pay Attention from the Beginning to the End:http://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/08/in-swapper-watchers-pay-attention-from.html
,Recommended,231160,21826292,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dakhoward,Really fun puzzle game.
,Recommended,231160,27335952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,radiusvector,"A short but well-made game that uses a simple but clever mechanic to solve puzzles.I nominated it for the ""Whooa, Dude!"" award because that very phrase comes to mind as you finish the game."
76561198017035548,Recommended,231160,20336961,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,aliasup,"Not really sure if i need to recommend this any more than it already has been, one of the best things ever."
,Recommended,231160,1172750,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Zet,"The Swapper. This game is fantastically awesome. A great new puzzle mechanic, that works just as good in 2D as the portal-mechanic worked in 3D. Combined with a beautiful handcrafted environment and an absorbing storyline you unfold as you progress in the game.Unrestricted recommendation."
,Recommended,231160,21740184,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pugu,Fun original and great puzzle gamelove the art style reminds me of I Spy or other things.
,Recommended,231160,5417443,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Kilim,fantastic atmosphere and the perfect combination of simplicity and difficulty for the puzzles
76561198001504434,Recommended,231160,29262985,Posted: 14 January,all,Iron Snake,Well done!!!
,Recommended,231160,8409986,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Wow, amazingly fun game.Great atmosphere,gameplay and sounds...definitly worth every penny.And a nice mind bending weapon :DI got more then i was expecting, Congrats to the dev team on this one."
,Recommended,231160,13888622,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ziigler,"Incredible!This is what fun is all about. I know you see comments of where did the time go but seriously, this one scares me, I seriously lost 4 hours somewhere. I've lost track of time before but this time was super fast disappearance.The game is pure excellence and I would recommened to my enemies even if I had any, the game is that good. I am at home with an injury and have all day to play so I started this one about 8 in the morning. I got up and looked at the clock, it was 1 pm. I about passed out from confusion. I just finished and it's 9 pm. I did take some breaks to do some clean up and what not but it's about 10 hours if you're like me and like to take it slow and laid back with these puzzle games.Normally I don't like games I can finish in a day but this one was so well put together that it was worth it. 9.7/10-.3 for length... err, lack of  :P"
76561198077106498,Not Recommended,231160,33163800,Posted: 2 July,all,davavalo,"The Swapper has  a really great premise.After about 3 hours of doing the same type of puzzle over and over just with different configurations, I lost intrest.The lore and backsore to what happened onboard the ship was intriguing, but I just got bored after the 50th+ puzzle.Graphics are great.I'm sure the ending was killer but couldnt help but give up. Some of the puzzles are just a bit tedious but they are all doable if you sit and work it out in your mind. Definately challenging.5/10"
76561197999497802,Recommended,231160,29959076,Posted: 16 February,all,Raven,"I don't know what to expect anymore, I get this game for like $4 on special so I can't really complain, but no matter how good a game is, finishing it in around 2 hours just does not seem satisfying.The game was great, just not long, or challenging enough. I would recommend only on special, $15USD does not justify."
,Recommended,231160,10073285,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Jigen,"This puzzler looks great and plays great. Very challenging, eerie & innovative. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,8465920,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Saint Satan,"WHY DOES NO ONE ELSE OWN THIS.One of the very best platform/puzzle games I've ever played, and I'm not usually a fan of these.  Excellent atmosphere and music.  Very smart puzzles that are fun even when they're hard.  Very nice and slow learning curve.  A must buy if you like games like Portal.Near perfect/10"
76561198036662065,Recommended,231160,7990386,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hashash,"A well crafted unique puzzle with a very dark atmosphere, Swapper live up to it's name.Gives you the feeling of, how it is to be alone in space... 10/10"
,Recommended,231160,7686174,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,CryonicSuspension,Best puzzle game since Limbo.
,Recommended,231160,7535313,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,Boards of Canada - The Game
,Recommended,231160,2228512,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,granderojo,"The fate of a single man can be rich with significance, that of a few hundred less so, but the history of thousands and millions of men does not mean anything at all, in any adequate sense of the word."
,Recommended,231160,3740193,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,MLGesus,"This actually plays pretty well. I liked this more than antichamber (the other puzzle game ive played recently) as this has a very fluid approach. Generall easy puzzles (save for one or two ) so I'd put this more on the casual side. The achievements are probably something you have to know ahead of time. Atmosphere and such are great for an indie game and its quite polished. Most interesting thing I'd have to say is how abilities and mechanics are explored. When you start the game you have full functionality over the gun, however the puzzles serve to slowly explain to you all the possibilities of the gun."
76561198026933946,Recommended,231160,17354555,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Doomgaze,Ney play this
,Recommended,231160,23443037,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Harkhan,"I tried, but could not like the swapping puzzle solving mechanic. The game is short, and the puzzles are all wildly different, so there's no time to familiarize yourself enough with the swapper device to start understading its uses as a tool. Maybe a longer tutorial, or slower rising complexity in the puzzles woud have helped.I recommend it anyway cause the story is that good."
,Recommended,231160,7532586,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Very nice. 7 Hours playthrough but secrets not found. Very philosophical. Portal puzzles meet space atmosphere. Reminds me of the movie 'moon'. Liked it very much, hard puzzles towards the end of the game. 80/100"
76561198012504625,Recommended,231160,11157642,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Britaius,"That's true masterpiece in every aspect: visual style and music are magnificent and immersive, roughly resembling Kubrick's Space Odyssey, puzzles are hard enough to make you feel satisfied, but not really pushing you to look for solution. Story is a good (and rare nowadays) hard sci-fi, and only choice you'll have really matters. True little diamond."
,Recommended,231160,23981972,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ManBeardPig,I like rocks. 10/10.
76561198069539035,Recommended,231160,6578495,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,HARRY BORRIMAS,One of the best games ever conceived
76561198021383222,Recommended,231160,17262796,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,blackserpent666,"In this game, Rocks are alive. Get the game to find out what they're thinking!nah, I was joking. I got bored with what the rocks think and rushed through. Still a nice puzzle game, though."
76561198020144608,Recommended,231160,25900672,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,231160,11980513,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,peppage,I usually like puzzle platformers but this game's world is on a whole other level. It's creepy and make sure you can turn out the sound because the quality is great.  It's artistic but the puzzles have interesting problems to solve and swapping is a lot of fun. I'm probably terrible because I had a little too much fun switching bodies and disposing of the old ones. While I picked it up on sale I think if you like puzzle platformers it's worth the price.
76561198067753145,Recommended,231160,12977473,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,saaf bruv,Not bad if you can get it for like £2.00 or so. It's 4-5 hours long. Shorter if you're a genius.
76561198267346414,Recommended,231160,32495636,Posted: 16 June,all,LELETHELELE,"Когда я покупал эту игру, я думал, что она окажется скучной, но это не так. Это очень увлекательня игра с потрясающим саундтреком. Покупайте. Не разочаруетесь."
,Recommended,231160,7758391,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BehrHands💯💯,Might make you a terrible person.
,Not Recommended,231160,23834287,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dubesor,"some of the puzzles are infuriating, the story is pretentious without much sense, the map is frankly useless since it doesn't show me how to get to places when there are ventilation systems or anything other than corridor involved meaning continued wandering around trying to find any room that INVISIBLE connects another. Simply not enjoyable whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,231160,32969826,Posted: 28 June,all,Immortalis,"I was so hopeful for this game, but I really just didn't like it. I played it all the way through. I like puzzle games, Sci-fi games, atmospheric games, space games, basically everything this is tagged with, but this one just wasn't that fun.They were probably going for a metroid style map, but it just didn't work. There was no exploration or creativity in getting through the map. Though it was sprawling, it was actually completely linear with each area simply being blocked off by a required number of orbs you have to get. To get the orbs, you simply complete the puzzles.  The map also made no sense as what it was supposed to be. Space ship, mining colony, whatever they were going for the environments made absolutely no sense and totally could not get immersed in a place that seemed to be designed only for the purpose of the game puzzles and would never exist otherwise. This worked in Portal, because you were a subject in a test. This on the other hand just didn't work.The whole game just had no point and no reason. You were thrown into a world with no back story and no reason to care for the character. Hardly anything was explained and the only story was 25 or so short computer recorded text messages you could read, spaced throughout the game. Half of them didn't even have any context to the story. There was a short bit of voice over dialog with another character, but that was overall brief."
,Recommended,231160,20576257,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pèpè Silvia,"An absolute fantastic puzzle\platformer with atmosphere, a great soundtrack, intuitive puzzles\level design; and with just enough of a story to keep you interested. The game shines from it's simplicity; but yet challenging enough that it's not a cakewalk.I beat the game in ~7 hrs; and most of the puzzles took ~5-8 minutes average (longer for the last few that really make you think).My only con is that there isn't more!If you like simple puzzle games with atmosphere, then for the price (especially if on sale) you can't go wrong.8\10"
,Not Recommended,231160,30200650,Posted: 26 February,all,Rolice,"Some of the missions require pixel-perfect placement of units to proceed - this is stupid.The controller support is limited. It goes ""left"" on its own under macOS with Steam Controller and Steam Link."
76561198025147176,Not Recommended,231160,18946047,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GoldenGecko,"I played for 90 minutes and got to a point where I could not physically move+click+right-click fast enough to do the challenge (Mac trackpad). I thought I was buying a puzzle game, not an arcade game. This is a show-stopper for me."
76561197970859560,Recommended,231160,12856114,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bee,"Beautiful graphics, animations, and environs. Clever, challenging gameplay in the style of Portal. Decent story with competent voice-acting. The entire feel of the game is suspense/horror without resorting to throwing monsters at you. Overall a very enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,231160,8505083,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Elmofive,"The Swapper is a simple little puzzle/adventure game that ultimately fails to impress. While the cloning and swapping mechanic is neat and some of the later puzzles can be head-scratchers, the game lacks cohesion between its individual elements, leaving the experience somewhat hollow.The game begins with you in control of a nameless astronaut after being ejected, for reasons unknown, from a space station orbiting an alien planet. As you emerge from your escape pod planetside, you begin your quest to discover exactly what is going on. It's not long before you find the titular Swapper device, which allows you to create clones of yourself (that respond to control inputs in time with you) and transfer your control perspective between them as long as you have a line of sight. After getting a handle on the mechanics, you quickly come back aboard the space station Theseus, only to find it virtually devoid of life. It's here that the game begins properly, and sticks itself in a very basic loop until the end. You traverse the ship, solve puzzles to find energy-orbs, then use the orbs to power devices that open new sections of the ship.The problem with this is that while the game is supposedly about uncovering a mystery, there is no mystery whatsoever in its environment. Each orb is found within its own little isolated room with its own little puzzle. And since these rooms exist only to hold the puzzles, it makes the entire space station feel less like a place where people lived and worked and more like an excuse to give the player some downtime in between puzzles. After all, why would space explorers and researchers need a room with two man-sized switches on opposing sides of the same platform that control colored lights that limit the use of the Swapper? The rest of the Theseus is equally impractical in its design, requiring extensive use of the Swapper just to get around. Granted, it would've been pretty boring to not use the game's central gimmick during map traversal, but the whole thing still feels like shallow pretense.A potential alternative to these issues could have been to have the space station be thoroughly destroyed, with the orbs placed evenly throught the station rather than in rooms dedicated to them. Crumbling walls, collapsed ceilings, generally broken machinery and other structures could have made the Swapper's unnatural traversal method fit more naturally in the setting. Alternatively, the developers could have done away with the station entirely, making the game nothing more than a series of puzzles chosen from a menu, perhaps with a basic level editor included so the community could create and share their own puzzles, maybe even compete for best times or fewest Swaps a la Portal. But perhaps that suggestion is out of line, as this game has a story that it wants to tell.The plot is one aspect of this game that I have no major gripes against. The dialogue is natural, it raises some philosophical and ethical questions about the nature of consciousness, the mystery unravels at an appropriate pace, and its general tone and themes are accompanied well by the visuals and music. My only criticisms are that the cutscenes are unskippable (but thankfully on the short side) and that there are two endings decided by a final binary choice. Normally I wouldn't mind that sort of thing, but unless you do some clever save file manipulation, you'll have to replay the game a second time to see the other one. And since you've already solved all the puzzles and seen all the unskippable cutscenes, it's pretty boring the second time around. The only potential saving grace of a subsequent playthough is finding the hidden text logs to get the achievements, but the vast majority of them are so obtusely hidden, it's unlikely you'll find them without a guide (unless you're a fan of trying to create clones in areas that look like totally solid walls, anyway). And they don't even tell you anything about the story you didn't already know.However, all of that said, this game can be reasonably enjoyable for exactly one playthrough. It's very pretty to look at, pleasurable to listen to, and it story and puzzles will definitely give you some things to ponder. If that sort of thing intrigues you, maybe grab it when it's on sale for about $5 or so. Just don't expect anything brilliant or amazing here."
76561198245395696,Not Recommended,231160,28607095,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fury_X,Kinda good at first but it's look like all the missions are same :/Soo its booring for me
76561198116203728,Not Recommended,231160,25172184,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jglove25,"It was an awesome concept and truly enjoyable at first, but then as you get further along the puzzles get mcuh more challenging to the point where I had to look them up in order to pass it. At that point, there really ins't a point in playing the game so I had to stop. If you enjoyed Portal or Portal 2 I'd give it a try if it's on sale, but be cautious in that it does become more difficult as you progress in the game."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,231160,24923624,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Redeemed,"Too short, too repetitive.  Read the other negatives.  They sum it up well."
,Not Recommended,231160,15102074,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"This game drips atmosphere, and has a wonderful soundtrack.  However, make sure you love puzzles - you're in for plenty of them."
,Not Recommended,231160,31944290,Posted: 24 May,all,Vyross,"On a lot of technical levels, this game is good. It's well executed, at any rate. But is that enough?When I play a puzzle game, I want something that *really* makes me think - about the puzzles, about myself, about the world, something. Technical excellence simply isn't enough. Without the depth of gameplay that many other games can provide - through combat, creating things, destroying things, economics, strategy, character building - and without a world with exploration or characters to get lost in, I can't really find anything to this game that makes me stop and go ""wow"".The clay animations are excellent, the voice acting is good, the plot's alright, and the puzzles are tricky, but nothing about this game made my jaw drop, although right up until the end I was hoping it might do so. In the end, it just kinda felt like yet another puzzle platformer with a single gimmick. And even though it was a competent specimen, that's not enough to recommend it by. Not for me."
,Recommended,231160,14035625,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',08/10
,Recommended,231160,25538678,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Trabolsky16298,"Short, but entertaining. Just like this review."
76561198059929035,Recommended,231160,6143967,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Scaramanga,A Very good puzzle solver with a  great sound track and  great graphics
,Not Recommended,231160,28816277,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Richbo,"Not great. Story isn't really interesting and doesn't go anywhere. Gameplay is meh, consists entirely of simple puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,8411407,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,pango,"Atmospheric SF puzzling platformer. It's more like a 2d Portal than anything combat-based, but obviously the mechanics here are different to Portal's. If you like this, try out LogiGun (not available on Steam yet) - it has less atmosphere and worse graphics but good puzzling."
76561198162410567,Recommended,231160,16631993,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Awkward winkyface,Most interesting experience. There're very few games out there that make you think this much about the decisions you have made before the credits rolled.
,Not Recommended,231160,29425307,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,Cool idea but boring and repetitive. No plot or story that is worth mentioning.
76561198065504315,Not Recommended,231160,28333200,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,tester75,This is not worth the price $14.99. The game can be beat in about 5 hours and neither ending is good in my eyes. I regret this purchase. Do not buy.
76561198082538522,Not Recommended,231160,28674062,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jedi-Mackay,WONT START JUST KEEPS FLICKERING. REFUNDING
,Not Recommended,231160,10936639,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,uncolober,"The gimmick is great and very well-realized, but... creating clones to get the first few orbs is entertaining, getting another dozen is tolerable, and then it becomes such a damned drag as you solve variations of the same exact goddamn puzzle again, and again, and again, and again and AGAIN and again and agaaaaain ad nauseam.Production-wise, it's uneven. Graphics are pretty, but sometimes bloom's so intense that it's hard to see what's happening. Music is generic melancholic piano tunes that take away from the atmosphere because of how terribly trite they are. Story is decent, but writing is questionable, often purple, with aliens speaking like tumblr webcomic characters, which conflicts with the extra-srs tone. Voice acting is nice."
76561198119333991,Not Recommended,231160,26554879,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,chriscarmad,"downloaded it, installed it. didnt work at all?"
,Not Recommended,231160,9806362,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,1 = |↑><↑| + |↓><↓|,"Interesting concept and nice atmosphere. However, after 30-40 puzzles I don't find the complexity really increasing and I just want to finish the game to see the end."
,Not Recommended,231160,11219520,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hy,"I've been waiting to play this for a while. Turns out to be a very disapointing pretentious plot wrapped around one single concept, the swap gun.This review (which I did not write) says it all :http://www.adversitysg.org/node/753While it looks and sounds good, I can not recommend it as a game worth playing."
,Not Recommended,231160,9418170,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Юрр,Graphics too blurry - eyes getting tired fast. Game is good thought.
,Not Recommended,231160,8428976,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain Ghost,"I've played this game twice. Rather an interesting concept in the game and the puzzles are enjoyably crafted, though a few require more twitch reflex skills than out of the box thinking and discovery. It has beautifully crafted atmosphere and unrelenting loneliness, and the section with radiation and zero-G are exceptionally fun.But that's where the good ends. This game is burdened with two huge things. Non-Intergrated Puzzlers and a story that doesn't even begin to ask the question let alone even provide enough background to surmise your answers.A bane of puzzlers, pretty much all the key puzzles are rooms, set aside from all the rest to perform route actions to acquire security keys. The rest of the rooms tend to have obvious, at best, to the solutions the problems with. Swap gravity with plates, use clones and swap to when falling. Getting to some of the secret rooms take some doing, but of course they also require you to know there are invisible openings in the walls or when the foreground covers the screen, you to guess that ""Oh hey, I should jump!"" which you'll find more from cocking about than honest exploration. And this is ignoring, again, teh puzzle rooms are distinct from the rest of the game and just random rooms on the space station with specially made lights to block your puzzle gun which serve zero purpose of being on the space station. The only reason set aside puzzle rooms worked in Portal is because of the testing narrative, puzzle games need to understand that.Second, the story. WIthout spoilers, the game introduces a rather radical concept, says a few things about it, and then ends. Since the EFFECTS of the thing aren't even shown until you meet the very end of the game, one would assume then you'd be told some of the things. But instead you spend most of your time on, mysterious rocks. Mysterious rocks. Who's leader is a tiki head. The game doesn't even explain how a bunch of mysterious rocks killed the crew, just that they are all scary and stuff. It's meaninglessly vague. It doesn't add depth for me not to understand how they interact and damage the human psyche. It's one thing to leave the titular swapper's morality and function purposefully vague, I interact with it constantly and me making decisions on it from the effects it has from how I use it does add depth. But since instead of having THAT happen, given the isolated puzzler rooms and people saying no more than vague, throw away statements about it and then back to the ROCKS, you learned absolutely nothing about it than its bare functionality. It doesn't even give you enough information to let you even define a reasonable theory around what exactly is its purpose, how it was made, what technology it uses, or why it can transfer consciousness (Or Souls) around with beings. The entire damn story until the very final choice is entirely centered around those damn rocks.If I were to write a story that centered around rocks, even rock golems that could move around or psychic rocks, I would be laughed out of the room as a writer. Nobody wants to hear stories about rocks that somehow managed to kill the crew in some unspecificed manner (Which is needlessly unspecific). I bought the game to discuss and learn about the titular tool. For my money, the game should be called ""The Watchers"" since that's the name of the damn rocks and that's what the story is about 90-95% of the time. The Swappers moral and ethically implications are left to the wind cause the rocks are way too damn more important than worrying about those things, so lets go solve some puzzle rooms which are apparently how the ship hides its security keys so I guess the entire security staff were armed with swappers to acquire and hide their keys. Only conclusion that I can draw is that as long as you are swapping to the clones, the Swappers a completely harmless tool for leisure and work.Also I like how the ending choice is entirely predicated upon first forcing you into a really random button pushing section (Just like all the puzzles) and then, you can see the doodad at the end, but the doodad doesn't trigger until you drop yourself off a cliff you can't jump up back from. And that's ignoring the absolute absurdity of the reason you even need to make the final choice. It's plot convience theater people, this is not good writing or game design.At the end of the game I was about to go like ""I hope you enjoyed No Moral Theater"" but at least they make you at least feel something about your damn choice at the end. So It could be ""Hastily tacked on moral theater.""Don't waste your money on this overly artisty yet completely meaningless wash. Braid is far better at least evoking emotions and mysterious wonder, why I ENJOYED it immensely, while this just left me with an intense distaste after the. Instead of feeling my emotions tugged and pulled, I had tension drawn and drawn before just being cut with no conclusions, no revelations, no big anything. Just smash, end, Hope you enjoyed Hastily Tacked on Moral Plot Convience THeater."
76561197971628333,Not Recommended,231160,8866562,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Modranto,"This game is unique. But that's not necessarily a good thing. Its story, gameplay and visuals all bring some novelty to the table but that couldn't save it from getting boring after about an hour of playing.The problem is that the puzzles never evolve past what you see from the start of the game. They are also unpleasantly inconsistent in difficulty.There are some fascinating ideas presented in the universe this game places you in. But again, the narrative frequently lost me by being too mysterious and lacking in any characters worth caring about.This review isn't a resounding ""No, don't play it!"" Instead I'd just caution you to not get caught up in all the high soaring reviews this game has received unless you are the type of person that can't get enough of 2D platform puzzlers filled with mystery and ambience."
,Not Recommended,231160,10796322,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ikarus,"The design is very beautiful and I enjoyed looking at it quite a bit. The story asks some deep, challenging questions which it kinda fails to answer. The gameplay I didn't like. At first I was reminded of portal. But it got boring quite quickly. The challenges don't have this feeling of excitement to them. There is no reward. I ultimately don't feel, like I was getting anything out of the game."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,231160,16713244,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SugarySnax,This game bored me. It has a nice atmosphere but its just one puzzle after another. Overrated.
76561197997909445,Not Recommended,231160,15941728,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,wafflekitty,"Some of the puzzles have timing so strict that for a while I wasn't even certain if I was doing the puzzle right or not. There's lots of walking back and forth, sometimes through rooms that warp time and make you walk slower than normal. This is agonizing. I also beat the game in 4 hours without a guide, so it's stupidly short too. Finally, every achievement is tied to finding hidden computer monitors according to what I've read online. There isn't even at least one for beating the game. Dumb game."
76561198045697039,Not Recommended,231160,24985006,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Squirrel Master,"Bought this game because of high reviews.  Stopped playing because boring as ****.  Nothing ""amazing"" here."
76561198061152010,Not Recommended,231160,13089215,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dinkish Rascal,"A dull, charmlees and plodding game that would have seemed dull, charmlees and plodding on a ZX Spectum.The graphics are abysmal.The game play is either formularic or a search for the exact point on the platform to allow progress."
76561197980454192,Not Recommended,231160,32689570,Posted: 23 June,all,GMC,"This game is a test of your ability to click on fast-moving objects, not a puzzle game."
76561198005755324,Not Recommended,231160,9320111,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr. Tex,"On the plus side it has beautiful settings, excellent atmosphere and an interesting storyline.However towards the end I simply could not get anywhere with the puzzles.They start out OK but get increasingly more difficult, exponentially so it feels like.Some kind of in-game hint system or difficulty setting would have been appreciated.This game is not for people like me, who only play the occassional puzzle game.Unless you are very good at puzzle games and/or play them frequently I'd stay away from this title."
,Not Recommended,231160,9200435,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dentarthurdent,"The gameplay: Kinda neat; also kinda scarce. A novel mechanic like the swapper is rare and fascinating, but I almost spent more time running through hallways of intermittent exposition than actually solving puzzles.The visuals: Kinda neat; eventually pretty same-ey. Everything just looks like a chunky blue blur after a while.The story: Super lame. So many ideas are hinted at but never addressed. It feels like the writer was afraid to answer any of his ""deep"" questions for fear that someone playing the game might disagree with him. The game ends in a disappointing binary choice, having discarded or forgotten half a dozen promising possibilities.Buy if you like puzzles and are patient enough to wade through all the navel-gazing to get to them."
76561197996806743,Not Recommended,231160,23767126,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Doomfarer,Way too hard. I like a puzzle but this is all about quick reflexes and nothing more. Avoid.
76561197997097511,Not Recommended,231160,11002391,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deadpool,A puzzle patformer for the mentally challenged.1/5*
76561198025472310,Not Recommended,231160,12806440,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Nandesz,"Crashes after each launch :( Can't even get to the menu. And yes, I've tried everything what can be found on forums. I'm not alone as I see it. It's recommended to check your specs / settings before buying this game."
,Not Recommended,231160,3343607,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Derpson,"It's probably the greatest ""meh"" game you ever come across. If you value ""meh"" like i do, you will love it. Everything in this game just screams ""meh"" and ""don't bother"". Game got some unique mechanics, but don't be afraid, they're so bland and uninspired that you won't get exited even for a second !Screw those fancy FEZ, Braid and other masterpieces, get this game, you will be bored the whole time !"
,Recommended,231160,30424725,Posted: 10 March,all,Prizma,World's best Naruto ripoff.See full formal review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sbbSlMUsa4
,Recommended,231160,227764,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Gregory Hawke,"Ingenious puzzles, surprisingly deep and philosophical storytelling, and a bleak macabre visual design that is a love letter to gritty late 70's early 80's hard sci-fi  (think Alien without the giant monster). Simply put, buy this game."
,Recommended,231160,10138894,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,bah.MiRK,Great puzzle game that will have you scratching your head and sometimes smashing it on your desk. The story is simple but interesting and it's like nothing I've seen before come together.
,Recommended,231160,3164021,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Narigone,Puzzle-platform muito inteligente e com atmosfera fodástica. Excelente
76561198016470598,Recommended,231160,10265569,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Flajtamakapra,"I love this game! The mecanic is cool and immersive. The visual is stunning and the ambiant audio is beautifull. A bit short,"
,Recommended,231160,7859377,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,bobz,DO IT
,Recommended,231160,126857,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Mistral Niblick,Beautiful game.  The puzzles were very challenging and head scratching.  The story was fantastic and loved every minute of the game.
76561198064153003,Recommended,231160,10498912,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,fabio,"An amazing game. Great story, great soundtrack and voice overs, fantastic atmosphere and some quite challenging puzzles. For all I care it was worth every cent. Recommended."
76561198063635169,Recommended,231160,10484841,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ont.rif,"Absolutely awesome game! This game has nice graphic, very clever and irregular level design. In general, I got new game experience and this is so rare to find (for me at least). Just try it if you like puzzles and platformers. This game is more puzzle than platformer, but it has pretty exploration time for you and some sort of storytelling."
76561198067852373,Recommended,231160,10489432,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TankS60,"One of my favorite Puzzle games, ranks in my top five easily of games owned on Steam. Played through more than once. Mysterious. Challenging. Just plain fun."
76561197998901582,Recommended,231160,1855405,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Blurple,"An amazing puzzle game, with brilliant design. The puzzles start easy but ramp up to brain meltingly hard. Great theme, wonderful gameplay, and thinking rocks, who could want more?"
,Recommended,231160,2225639,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Haydn,"Atmospheric, Pyschedelic, Trippy, Out There and Very Addictive!"
,Recommended,231160,10352721,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hypnagogic_Jerk,"I often find myself rejecting platformers on the sole basis that they are platformers. Unfair, I know, but the genre has been oversaturated with endless iterations of the same ideas. Swapper does not fit that trend. I was first drawn to it because of the incredible, hand-made clay visuals. After I was drawn in by these visuals, I was hooked by the unique gameplay mechanic of creating clones to accomplish your tasks. These clones don't just do the last actions you undertook, but rather are controlled in sync with the original character (who by now is most likely a clone as well). On top of the intriguing and often challenging gameplay, the beautiful graphics, and the sparse but interesting story, the game also presents a deep philosophical question: what makes you you? In the game, you can transfer your consciousness to any of the clones you create. When you leave an area, and often during the course of a puzzle, these clones die. If you transfer into a clone and the original dies, leaving the clone to carry on your mission and ultimately your life, are you still yourself?"
,Recommended,231160,4766200,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,No Regerts!,"As puzzle games go, this one has some old stuff with a twist and new stuff that is really hard, some of the levels so far have taken me :30 minutes to figure out (which I love in a puzzle game)  It even has slo mo at times to help with some of the harder spots.  I recommend The Swapper to anyone looking for a way to kill time."
,Recommended,231160,8454715,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rav,"Lovely little game, somewhat like the old BBC classic Exile with a touch of Metroid thrown in. Nice and atmospheric!"
,Recommended,231160,8458035,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,misssonya,"The Swapper is a fun puzzle & exploration game with great atmosphere. It reminds me a lot of ""Metroid-vania""-style games, but in The Swapper there are no weapons or enemies to fight. It's really you versus the environment. Visually it's quite stunning. The story, though initially vague, becomes increasingly intruiging as you progess through the environments.  I had a great time playing this game from beginning to end."
,Recommended,231160,7557882,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,NealForreal,Beautiful to look at and incredibly atmoshperic. Does a great job at making you feel isolated. Plenty of mind-bending puzzles as well!
,Recommended,231160,8439078,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tabzz,"Best puzzle game I've played since Portal 2, Limbo, and Braid."
,Recommended,231160,8460605,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheKbob,"I wish there was a ""Yes, Maybe... kinda?""  button.This game just didn't resonate with me.  The puzzles were either crafty or headbanginly hard.  The beginning made you feel smart as you progressed as it taught you different mechanics (Or how to think with ""Portals"", i.e. clones).  However the contrivence of the puzzles does not fit with the story in any fashion like a Portal or other ""puzzles 'n stories"" titles.I didn't care much for the story.  I'm usually ""brain off, along for the ride,""  but either due to writing, pacing, or presentation of the story, I had called ""it"" within an hour and the ending wasn't deep or thought provoking.  I was hoping for a lot with many folks hyping this title, but it falls way short of that notion for me.The puzzling starts off strong and then lags hard in the center, the aesthetic is great, but the story doesn't really hit any real highs;  I never had a full body feeling like Gone Home, Last of Us, or Bioshock Infinite.  It never resonated on that level as other folks would say.It's a solid buy for $5, but I wouldn't pay much more then that at a length of 5 hours."
,Recommended,231160,19408173,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sardine,A fantastic puzzle game with an interesting puzzle mechanics and beautiful visuals. Highly recommended
,Recommended,231160,19233264,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,benji7425,"Challenging, but not too challenging. Story unravels at a pace that keeps you interested, but still allows time for focusing on the puzzles without feeling the need to rush to find the next plot point. Recommended"
,Recommended,231160,19240886,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sind das Bohnen mit Speck?,10 out of 10
,Recommended,231160,19253810,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,pixshatterer,Maybe the best ending I have seen in a game in a while.  A must for sci-fi lovers
,Recommended,231160,19251787,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,psychoconductor,"Brilliant, atmospheric, and engaging puzzle/platformer with exploration elements."
76561197995108422,Recommended,231160,19376023,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,spencer_thomas,"When I read reviews of this game, I was expecting a polished version of the type of puzzle platformers you might find on Newgrounds years ago. A clever, but otherwise insubstantial diversion that I'd enjoy for the moment and then quickly forget. I was pleasantly surprised.Beautiful art design, a nice sweet spot of difficulty with puzzles that make you think without pushing into frustration territory, and a well-written and thought-provoking sci-fi narrative. I finished it in a matter of hours, but I think they were hours well-spent. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,231160,19461730,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MegaBearsFan,"The space station is laid out in an unbelievable, but serviceable, series of puzzle rooms joined together by modest platforming sections. At first, the platforming between puzzles is interesting because it kept me thinking along the lines of solving puzzles rather than just moving from place to place. But there's a lot of exploration and backtracking, and having to navigate the corridors between puzzle rooms quickly became tedious once using the swapper gun became second nature and automatic. Fortunately, the game provides handy teleporters to allow you to quickly move to key sections of the station, so the backtracking never became as problematic as it could have been.The puzzles themselves start off fairly simple, requiring that the player simply point the gun and clone herself in order to reach a platform or cross a gap and collect alien orbs that you use to unlock new areas of the space station. The challenge quickly escalates. Soon, obstacles start getting thrown at you, such as colored lights that prevent certain operations of the swapper gun, forcing you to have to find more elaborate ways around the lights in order to reach your destination. You have to start using careful positioning, choreographed movement, gravity, momentum, and inertia in order to successfully solve the puzzles. And all this escalation seems to happen naturally based on the increasing complexity of the levels, rather than through the introduction of new mechanics or controls....So the core mechanic and puzzles are simple, comfortable, and varied enough to make the game a joy to play. But where The Swapper really excels is in its narrative and themes. The written narrative is fairly simple and straightforward, with mostly predictable plot turns. But this narrative explores very complicated and metaphysical themes of consciousness, identity, and self, and those themes are actually conveyed through the game's actual mechanics!...And the true brilliance is that the the simple act of playing the game goes so far to help explain the problem and make it tangible that I can't imagine anybody having trouble understanding the very heavy metaphysical concepts being discussed. It makes this complex philosophical conundrum accessible to its audience in ways that simply telling the story can't. It's a perfect application of the video game medium.Please read my full review on my blog at:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2015/12/03/The-Swapper-game-review.aspx"
,Recommended,231160,19230943,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,•҉Tezuni,Holy crap this is a cool game!You can make up to four clones and swap between them to get past obstacles.The graphics are absolutely stunning and quite memorable.Unique gameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10Value 10/10This game is well worth it! Try for yourself.
,Recommended,231160,19215654,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,narkius,"Space... Vast... Loneliness... A mind trying to connect...Fantastic atmosphere and good riddles, thanks heaps!"
,Recommended,231160,19298930,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Damon,Nice game
76561197971437128,Recommended,231160,19297790,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Presstatin,Flipping floppingly strange. I'm beside myself with this game.Very atmospheric.Who knew identity theft would make a good game!BUY!
,Recommended,231160,19399295,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alpaca Smacka,Very interesting puzzle game!  I also found the story and atmosphere really interesting.  Some of the puzzles are pretty challenging though.
76561198058853332,Recommended,231160,19432090,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Brother_Webb,"Fantastic, although rather short. Fascinating premise and thought-provoking dialogue and documents. Puzzles that are clever enough to get you stuck in a rut, but not difficult enough to get you asking the internet for answers. Very satisfying game! Must-play for fans of philosophy, mystery, or just plain old isolated space station exploration. I was not expecting such beauty from a sidescroller. I'd also pay well for the soundtrack alone. Thanks for a wonderful time. Salute to the creators!Even though I've 'beaten' the game, i havent unlocked a single achievement. I wonder..."
,Recommended,231160,19543932,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cookieb⊕t,"Great puzzle game with a great atmosphereIf you got the achievements, then you cheated. (yes, that includes me)found 1 with luck, the rest I looked up from youtube !"
76561198025472290,Recommended,231160,8055594,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Kenneth Toilethole,"An excellent atmosphere of philosophical meditation and exploration of mind. The gameplay elements are superb and the experience is powerful.The one problem I have with the game is the irritating levels of complexity which the puzzles reach by the end of the game. It's one thing to provide challenging puzzles, but forcing the player to move just barely to the left in order to shoot a beam at a precise angle through the colored light.. Well, that's no longer fun to me.Still, that's just a minor irritant in an otherwise magnificent game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,8058019,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,berock212 eh,"This game is amazing. For one it has one of the best graphics I've seen in any indie game. There is just a huge ammount of depth and detail that go into the graphics. And the puzzels are a lot of fun and fairly doable, except I got stuck on the last 3 puzzels. But more importantly the puzzels are a lot of fun and interesting. The story is good but I couldn't follow it. Overal a great game."
,Recommended,231160,1779785,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,ANJ_,This game is sick as all hell! 11 bucks right now hell yes buy this game
,Recommended,231160,3621982,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,marcthenarc,"Good: Great puzzles.  Graphics made of animated clay and stuff, truly artful.  The story is compeling though not related to the actual gameplay.Bad: Steam achievements are all hidden messages in far off corners of the game. Useless."
,Recommended,231160,3595852,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Fluppy,"This game is another excellent example of the beauty of indie games. The artistic side of this game is just beautiful and the puzzles are really clever. I admit later in the game puzzles get tricky (in that way where you have to do a tricky movement and if you fail, you have to redo the puzzle). And then there is another very important aspect in this game - storyline. I don't want to spoil anything for you, but it is really awesome. Go and buy it and play it and finish it and the play it again."
76561198034152550,Recommended,231160,4224532,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,pigeonhammer,"If you like your puzzle games with a little more forethought and personality than your average Peggle clone, then you could do far worse than the brilliant ""The Swapper"" from Facepalm games. Touching upon themes of morality and mortality, this little indie gem forces you to think on your feet. And it's not just the excellently designed body-swapping physics puzzles that will leave you scratching your chin either. There is a deeper message here about the human condition framed inside a compellingly original sci-fi narrative. Beautifully animated, hauntingly desolate and punishingly difficult, The Swapper sets a new bar for the indie puzzle genre."
,Recommended,231160,10731686,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pizza Vampire,"I'm as tired of gloomy symbolic indie sidescrollers as anyone but this game did not need to make use of symbolism to make its primary mechanics deeply disturbing.If you like a heaping helping of existential dread with your puzzle games, then this one's for you."
,Recommended,231160,10700697,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brototype,"Expected something decent and a little interesting. Instead, found something great.Clay models look good, does not require twitch reflexes thanks to targeting slowmo, level design is great at teaching mechanics, with every section that introduces a new element starting off simple but soon escalating into mindbending. Checkpointing and puzzle resets at room transitions, so it never feels particularly punishing, even on death.And you will die. Over and over. But when you figure out the sol- okay I'm making it sound like Dark Souls moving on.The plot isn't tacked-on nonsense and I'm loving the ending music."
,Recommended,231160,10702959,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cyaato,"The Swapper has a great ambience-feeling to the game, while being creepy enough to pique your interest into what really went on in the ship. The gameplay is very interesting, and reminds me a bit of Portal.While I like the puzzles, so far none have been super challenging. This makes for an easy play-through, but it doesn't require a lot of skill.I love the scenery, music, and I'm excited to finish the game so I can learn what really happened with the new technology to clone oneself."
76561198011895512,Recommended,231160,10703612,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Civil,"An interesting and compelling story told by a sometimes challenging 2d puzzle game.Definitely worth a play; however it was a little short with 4 to maybe 6 hours of core gameplay. (I'm sure missed a few of the hidden items, but I completed all the puzzles in four hours)"
,Recommended,231160,10708845,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Garthenius,"If you have doubts about this game, just get it, it's great.It has a great ambiance (both use of graphics FX and music), it's easy to pick up, curves well, barely scrapes a bit of frustration with the most difficult puzzles (as it should).No cheap scares, just a bit of dexterity required in a few puzzles.You can finish it in one session if you put your mind to it, the story leads you on, but isn't pointlessly deep for its length."
,Recommended,231160,10709261,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CRainC,"The Swapper is the most amazing game I have played in a very, VERY long time, if not ever.The first thing that catches you is the atmosphere. There is a very ""Dead Space"" feel. You are alone, on a station in space. But it is much more than that. Very dim lights, shallow sounds, and the stunning audio score only amplify the feeling of isolation. This paired with a metroidvania style movement and map set up the perfect adventure.Personally, I was able to further heighten the feeling of this atmosphere while playing at night and in a perfect, secluded environment. With my lights that cast screen colors on the wall, the room slightly chilly from the ac, and my surround sound headset, I felt just as alone and in the scene as I would have if I was actually on the space station.Within minutes, you find yourself in your first puzzle. They consist of using a device you get at the start of the game called ""The Swapper."" It allows you to clone yourself up to four times and switch your prime vessel between them.These start off easy, making sure you understand the mechanics, and ramp up by the end. There were a handful of puzzles that I had to just sit back and look at the screen to figure out. None of them felt unfair, yet none were so easy that I blew through the game. Even with the easier puzzles, I felt acomplished. I felt like I achieved something and was looking forward to the next one.Along the 6 hour journey, you uncover the mystery of the station, and the events that have taken place. I dont want to spoil any of this, so I will say very little. But please understand that this story struck me like very few have. Its not often I sit for minutes after and think about the message of the game I just played. The sense of wonder and mystery around the ship, and the message the story brings is something Ive only experienced once or twice from other games.I wholeheartedly reccomend this game! If you are looking for a deep story, a fun puzzler, or a quick indie, heck, any game at all, this is the place. ""The Swapper"" is a true masterpiece, and deserves its place among the most breathtaking of AAA games. I give it a 10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,231160,45468,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Jobabob,One of the best indie puzzle games in years. Challenging and with a deeply engaging story. Enjoyable start to finish
76561198015693030,Recommended,231160,10723408,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,meph's_back,"It's like Portal, but with a darker tone"
,Recommended,231160,10725323,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,monkeyphonikz,Incredible game to just kick back and think through. Definitely recommend snatching this up.
76561198024035942,Recommended,231160,3515550,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,ЖNameless,A great puzzle game with a really nice atmosphere.
,Recommended,231160,8566296,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,T7inga,This game is neato and cool
76561197993928119,Recommended,231160,10585847,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mammoth,Interesting mood for a puzzle game with some deep philosphical questions related to the mechanics.
,Recommended,231160,10074308,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Louckez,"Well developed puzzles, beautiful hand made level design, good sound effects and soundtrack. The major point is the story line: It is simple and yet very intriguing. Great game 8/10"
,Recommended,231160,10075380,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,SpaghettiSaviour,Great puzzle game with interesting visuals. Highly recommended
,Recommended,231160,10089387,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Skattin,"Wow. this game is amzing. I really loved the puzzle mechanics. Some were pretty damn difficult. It takes about 6 hours to finish for me. But ya, amazing game, definitetly buy it when it comes on sale or something. Great storyline."
76561198004221773,Recommended,231160,9143508,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Rakatango,"Very atmospheric puzzle game that explores the nature of the self and the soul.  It's also has great puzzles!  So if you like puzzles and are one of those people who will ponder the nature of your existence while solving said puzzles, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,231160,8936835,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Trap Door,"This game is amazing. The game which consists of emotional and philosophical depth thematically is able to pull it off perfectly.The gameplay is a puzzle platformer with interesting and intriguing puzzles that are solvable and frustrating but purely on a logical deduction side, you never feel cheated out of an outcome, only as though you couldn't see it clearly enough. That revelation is so satisfying that it compels you to try your best and to figure it out correctly.While the gameplay is the bread and butter of the game the story is amazing to follow and well paced. You are a human (gender doesn't matter here) who has appeared on Spaceship outpost Theseus with a device called The Swapper which allows you to clone and swap bodies with yourself. From there you have to figure out what happened to the crew, who is this mysterious lady on board the ship and why are these rocks talking to you.All of these by themselves could be boring or unoriginal or uninteresting but it's the themes that drives them all to be unified and they are all utilized in perfection. Themes such as isolation, identity, life & death, community, all play a part in establishing the world and the decisions you make as a character. While you are alone on the ship solving puzzles, are you truly alone while you have clones of yourself? How can you prove your own identity if who you really were died 10 swaps ago?The game rests with you, It took me a few days to beat this game but the in between time ruined me, I would be at work or on my way home either mentally going over a puzzle in my head or wondering if we were all clones or if the ship died of causes outside of the believed threat. The moral and philosophical implications made me question choice that I had made in my own life, and what it meant to be selfish or selfless.It's games likes these that I wished that more people would play in order to truly undertstand that videogames as a medium can be examples of high art. This game shows an unperverse and unflinching gaze as to what it truly means to live a life and to live for a greater good. 10/10"
76561197981898097,Recommended,231160,8970981,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,mollypop,"Simply an amazing game. Stellar visual art style and sound design. I found the story to be quite intriguing and a bit discomforting although I enjoyed that aspect aswell.Some of the puzzles can seem impossible to solve at first glance (particularly some of the puzzles in the later parts of the game). But once you start to get the hang of the swapping technique, and how to move yourself and your clones, it will get a bit easier."
,Recommended,231160,2593019,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,lucasrizoli,A worthwhile puzzle game what sets a consistent eerie tone.
,Recommended,231160,8356564,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cybexx,The Swapper is a great puzzle game that smartly tutorializes you with enviromental design and only rarely resorting to text when it is telling you about its very basic mechanics. How those mechanics can be used and how they combine is entirely up to you to discover and there are some true revelations when you start peeling back the layers.The atmosphere is fantastically creepy and the art direction and lighting effects are stellar. The story is also intriguing and ties in well with the game's mechanics.
,Recommended,231160,6729123,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,demerzel0,Perfect gameplay with no need of tutorial or explanation. Amazing game
,Recommended,231160,7568129,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,OminousBiscuit,"This experience was almost beyond words. The lighting and textures (the game's art was modelled in clay before being digitised) make this a beautiful game, along with an atmospheric soundtrack and great effects you truly feel lost in outer space. And that's not to mention the absorbing narrative, pieced together with scattered clues throughout the game. The game mechanic is wicked and somewhat disturbing - you can project up to four clones of yourself and swap your consciousness between them to solve ever more intricate puzzles. Unforgettable."
,Recommended,231160,8657851,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Blitzmann,"The Swapper is a great puzzle platformer with some really nifty ideas and gameplay mechanics. As you progress through the game, you learn about what has happened to the station that you're in and the mystery begins to reveal itself. The story is also fairly well developed and kinda heavy too touching on question of life, the universe, and everything. =)The controls are simple - With WASD, you move left and right, have the ability to jump, and are able to grab blocks in some of the puzzles. The mechanics of the Swapper device are simple to understand: you are able to create 5 clones, and you can swap to them. The clones maintain their orientation as the were created, and imitate the movements of the 'active' clone. The concept is simple, but quickly becomes very difficult to master in some of the later puzzles.The game is visually stunning; the art is beautiful. From what I've read about it, the developers molded most of the game assets in clay and then imaged them into the game. This creates the unique look that The Swapper has. The music is grade-A and very beautiful to listen to. Along with the art, it sets the mood of the game as a gloomy, lonely, yet inquisitive environment.And the ending. Wow. There are two endings available. One is kinda meh, but the other one really wraps up the whole experience.As for the cons... the game was a bit short, unfortunately. I would say I logged about 5 hours of gameplay. Of course, your mileage will vary depending on the puzzles and how quickly you get through them. There's also achievements, however, I have no idea what they are. I've beaten the game, and haven't unlocked even one. They are titled as Roman numerals and the description is the same as the title, so there's no hint as to what they are. The game also has no replayability at all.However, those are my only real gripes, and definitely doesn't offset from the great playing experience this game has to offer. I wholly recommend it, 9/10."
76561197970955673,Recommended,231160,8662402,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,mario.konrad,Fun game!
76561197996730000,Recommended,231160,8662950,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,Awesome puzzle game with a good (albeit short) story. Worth the money.
76561197974670332,Recommended,231160,8534041,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PipChaos,"Swapper has the atmosphere and feel of Dead Space at times. The visuals and sounds instantly remind you of being Issac alone in a derelict ship. Game play gave me flashbacks of Abe's Oddysee. Leading around your clones will feel familiar to you if you have ever rescued Mudokons. There's also a hint of old school Metroid in there as well with the open world gameplay and doors.These are all excellent games to draw inspiration from, and they've been superbly combined into something very original. The immersion of the game is excellent. The visuals are superb and absolutely stunning at times. The voice acting is surprisingly good. The variety of puzzles mixing weightlessness, gravity, and clones makes the game never feel stale. The length of the game may be short, but it doesn't feel it.The only flaws are in two or three of the puzzles will frustrate most people. With most puzzles in the game not extremely difficult to figure out, when you hit one of these that stump you it will make you pull your hair out. While a challenge is good, it kills the feeling of progression you've been making as you linger in one room for an eternity.The story is a bit esoteric. Perhaps it made sense to the developers, or perhaps it's supposed to be cryptic and open to interpretation. Regardless, there is a story there, but at the end you'll be scratching your head a bit to make sense of it all. In a game where you casually take to creating clones of yourself and bouncing your consciousness between them, it's to be expected.Character movement is a bit wooden. I'd like to see the animation be a little more fluid. With everything else so superbly done watching the stiff robotic movements of your avatar takes away from the immersion at times.But these are just minor flaws. Overall the game is a solid 9 out of 10. It's highly original and certainly a must play for most gamers."
76561198027781896,Recommended,231160,8538513,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mumbles Quaid,"Not the longest puzzler, but an extremely fun concept wrapped in a plotline that's much deeper than it initially seems."
76561198041253395,Recommended,231160,8540482,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,El-Producto,Little Big Planet on Acid with Aardman and Flying LotusTrippy like a cat at the top of a staircase
,Recommended,231160,8540524,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Squizle,"This game is good. It nails that eery alone in space vibe. It nails that sci fi, there's more than you know and you're about to be forced into facing it terror. The puzzles are very challenging. Great game."
76561198049661472,Recommended,231160,8526610,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fat_and_sassy,"The Swapper is a wonderfully atmospheric and beautiful puzzle/adventure game that had me sucked in from beginning to end. Besides the ending, it is pretty light on story, which I felt really helps the flow of the game. The Swapper has a lot to ask, and answers very little (wisely avoiding preachy pretension), wrapping everything up perfectly before it overstays its welcome. This game is one of my favorite games of this decade, and I recommend it to everyone I know. :3"
,Recommended,231160,8526689,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dowager,"Soooo fun! I love this game so much, puzzles for days~"
,Recommended,231160,8527279,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,2xsidedfleshlight,Exceptional puzzle game
,Recommended,231160,8530608,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SageoftheTimes,"I love it.  It's a puzzle game (the puzzles aren't extremely difficult, only somewhat vexing), and yet I love it.  The story is incredible.  I haven't seen a single face, and yet I care more about these characters then most other games.  Jerry Holkins said he would pay infinity dollars for this game.  I'm a very stingy person, and yet I agree."
76561198030048030,Recommended,231160,8531023,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Happy plays,The best logical game I ever played!
76561197997412130,Recommended,231160,8541663,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gream,"Very Interesting and enjoyable game. Strong atmosphere and ingenious story, very nice graphics and primarily: excellent, challenging puzzles with increasing difficulty.  And well hidden achievemens."
,Recommended,231160,8542488,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,RIPPIN,An incredible game. I put the swapper off for a long time before I played it and wish I hadn't.
,Recommended,231160,8545067,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Seabear,"A very cool art project of a game. I say that because, while sort of interesting, the gameplay is very simple and the puzzle aren’t hard at all(with the exception of a few that required precise placement of your clones.) What really stands out to me was the art design, tone and overall atmosphere of the game. It’s dark and moody but in the best kind of way, sorta like Aliens or Moon.  Definitely pick it up if you enjoy the ""you're not as alone as you think you are in space"" genre."
,Recommended,231160,509568,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Epic Whimsy,The best puzzle game I have played since Portal. Again with one of my favourite stories since.......Portal again.
76561198116732411,Recommended,231160,10743572,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AQUA,"Very good game. the concepts and design are wonderful and i appreciate the ""mind stone"" quotes.It is kind of annoying that to see the other ending we have to restart from the beginning, but I think the idea of making a choice agrees to the issue of existence discussed in the game. Also the achievements are interesting, I get none of them in the first game.9/10 Nice one."
,Recommended,231160,10744456,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Swarlos,Fun game if you enjoy puzzles.  It reminds me of LIMBO meets Portal.
,Recommended,231160,10746454,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skyylark,"This game is fantastic. If you enjoyed Abe's Odyssey then you will love this game. The puzzles surprise in interesting ways, played for around 4 hours the first time I opened it, couldn't stop. Really good story and puzzles that really challenge you."
76561198019023880,Recommended,231160,10748078,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Waaabafet!,"excellant atmosphere, cool graphics, awesome gameplay, great story,  get this game."
,Recommended,231160,10749904,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Frosty,"Amazing game! The puzzles are very good, requiring actually thinking outside the box, and the skills learned from one transfer over to others. The story is also very good, but I have yet to finish the game, very close. I'd recommend this!"
,Recommended,231160,10752554,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Espad,"Awesome game, well done on the idea"
,Recommended,231160,10959136,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ntsrvr,"This game is awesome, it's like a 2d platformer crossed with portal.  Best game I've played in a while. I'm buying a few copies for gifts."
,Recommended,231160,10988455,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,victrium,"It's neat, play it."
76561197989202660,Recommended,231160,11051468,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Th3 3nd,"The swapper is a piece of art, a complex puzzle, of both physical nature and spiritual questions. A great narrative story combining all these ingredients. Very moodsetting, and sometimes the dark abandoned space station felt like it would contain monsters lurking in the shadows.(They should make that one seriously.)"
76561197974012757,Recommended,231160,11055959,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nocturn,"Excellent game - i dont regret anything.Bought it on discount but i think it is on of the games worth the full price. The atmosphere is wonderful, the puzzles get harder and harder. im still trying to solve a lategame puzzle after 9 hours -> but its funny.I would only recommend it for players with enough patience. If you are a fast player who got even problems with zelda puzzles hmmm maybe on discount.As there are many good reviews i think i dont need to write more in detail... just... GET IT!"
76561198087186590,Recommended,231160,11056498,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Robosity,The Swapper is well worth the money.  I bought it on sale but would gladly pay full price for this game.  The puzzles keep changing up and makes you really think.  The music is a nice touch to the game also.
,Recommended,231160,10999817,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JokerShep,"A great metroidvania style game without shooting. Just puzzles that need your concentration mixed up with a very good soundtrack, gameplay and atmosphere. Must buy for anyone who likes challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,11000395,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Captain Sloth,Love this game.  I hope there are DLCs for us .
,Recommended,231160,11023258,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,NIИ,"Beautiful visuals, challenging puzzles, and engaging story.8/10"
,Recommended,231160,11058630,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TheCrux,The Swapper is the best puzzle game I've played since Portal.The atmosphere is eerie and the rocks and person you follow enhance it.The cloning makes for unique puzzles and gameplay
,Recommended,231160,11041813,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Hoover,"I generally wait until I finish a game to write any kind of review or tell anybody about it. But it bares noting at this point that I'm completely mesmerized by the puzzles, the game mechanics, and the atmosphere...AtmosphereFrom the get go, the music that plays is light and dramatic. The lights are hazy, and feel just as dangerous as the darkness, revealing more questions than answers. What tidbits I've been fed of the story so far are intriguing and thought provoking. All of this is so rewarding at a time where so many games fail to grab my attention with their environment.The only thing that really bothers meis that movement is a binary function, and sometime I wish I could just walk slowly into a room, scan it with my headlamp, and cautiously step forward into the ruins.MechanicsThe creative uses for the clone gun are posed upon you in such a way that, instead of telling you and holding you buy you hand, once you need them, you'll be forced to figure it out. It's a small task, but so much more rewarding than throwing a few garbage puzzles at you and blatantly telling you how to handle it. Progressing further requires you to finish so many puzzles, but it feels more like you're exploring and collecting necessary supplies to venture further into the unknown, to fufill a task you've no idea how to do, or even what it is. Your character feels blank, and becomes a mystery itself when it's tied to the way you navigate your environment with the clone gun. A moral implication pooling in the back of my mind.Buy this thing...This is a game that does a fantastic job of handling that sort of invisible hand of guidance that pulls you in to a story rich, puzzler. As of right now, I'm overwhelmed by that sensation of experiencing something that holds a mystery worth solving. It's a feeling I don't seem to get too much anymore in games that feel like a regurgitated mess of textures and lens flares and quadrillion dollar budgets. I feel like this could exist. It does exist. And I'm going back there now.Edit: Finished this game. A handful of puzzles really got into my head, but none moreso than the ending. What a beautiful story."
76561197981004642,Recommended,231160,11063019,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Commander Keen,"So I just sat down to check this game out for a moment, and before I knew it, 4 hours had gone by.  This is a gem of a modern puzzle-platformer, emphasis on the puzzles.I reminds me of games like portal & fez, in that the player is forced to alter their perception in order to progress.  The mechanics are simple in principle, and then combined in intriguing ways.The learning curve felt very natural to me, with puzzles increasing in complexity on a fairly even scale, without any hand holding on the way.While I was sorely tempted twice to rage quit and google the solution to a couple of puzzles, this game delivers the reward of that 'Aha' moment very well.  It's also obvious that the developers paid a lot of attention to the tone that they wanted to set with this game.  The story that is revealed as you progress is a mystery wrapped in a sci-fi package, and I was surprised to find myself contemplating the nature of the human soul while moving from puzzle room to puzzle room."
76561197972791858,Recommended,231160,11077279,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Locksley,"This is a really interesting concept, and the atmosphere works very well with the storyline. The puzzles so far are challenging without being impossible, so very much worth expending a bit of brain power."
76561198062658504,Recommended,231160,11078120,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,zentahna,"Interesting and fun puzzles, gorgeous art, and an intriguing story line.  The layering of new mechanics as you progress through the puzzles kept me interested and challenged right to the end.  I absolutely loved this game."
,Recommended,231160,11083587,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,linusonline,"Portal meets Metroid. Most atmospheric puzzler ever. Absolutely beautyful and packed with philosophy of conciousness, identity and survival. Oh, and great puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,10759854,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Albatrion,"The Swapper is a physics based platformer with some mind-bending puzzles, but at the end of the day it's the atmosphere and the incredibly well done story that drove this one home for me. Excellent, excellent game."
76561198001428978,Recommended,231160,10765985,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Twan Expansh,this game is siiiiick
,Recommended,231160,11312178,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AEE,A short puzzle platformer with clay visuals that will make you question what it means to be human if you're really tired and have had a few.
76561198005616245,Recommended,231160,11314904,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,narada,"Beautiful game, great music, very very original puzzles - took me ages to get the 4 button one."
76561197966869625,Recommended,231160,11497420,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Mr.Buds,The Swapper is a unique experience and Fantastic atmosphere game and if you  like good puzzles this game got it i had lot of fun on this one!
,Recommended,231160,11505727,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,VanLe0,Just for the atmosphere is totally worth it. Awesome!
76561197993493467,Recommended,231160,10990268,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mung,This is a fantastic puzzle game.  It lives up to the hype.
,Recommended,231160,10990684,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rumsy,"Quite frankly, this is one of the coolest games I have ever played and I knew it as soon as I touched it. My only worry was the plot would not come together quite right which couldn't have been closer to yet farther from the truth. The story and immersion is awe inspiring with help from the beautiful clay artwork and stunning ambient sounds. This game can leave you with so many questions but they are the kind of unanswerable questions posed by the very existential philosophy this game constantly makes subtle pokes at. This game follows my favorite sidescroller formula; it gives the player a great unique mechanic and forms even more unique puzzles around it and forces the player to reinvent uses for a familiar tool. Every puzzle feels different although they largely have the same variables. The game spares the player nothing by making them discover everything themselves--it feels honest, rewarding and refreshing. I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who enjoys sidescrolling puzzle platformers with an interesting atmosphere you just won't get in another game. If this game goes on sale, snatch it up (and then let's have discussions about the story/ending)!"
76561197981435949,Recommended,231160,10996165,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sir Chiveshallot,"Beautifully done Sci-fi platform, puzzler.  Incredibly atmospheric and classy.  Highly recommended."
76561198076587335,Recommended,231160,11100689,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,bujablaster,"I like it.Decent atmospheric dark-mystery-sci-fi ;) puzzler with very simple and very functional mechanics.Beautiful graphics/art which is most of it hand made. Nice lighting, strong atmosphere, nice soundtrack/ambients.No crashes or bugs/glitches at all, runs smooth.Somehow reminds me two sci-fi movies - Apollo 18 and Moon.For someone a bit short playtime (took me about 7 hours to finish it), but for me it was just enough."
76561198032317640,Recommended,231160,11102456,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,grislexian,"Pretty good.  Intriguing story & engaging gameplay.  Quiet, moody.  Only puzzles; no enemies save the lethal consequences of too much momentum.Has an either/or ending that will force you to replay the entire game to see both outcomes."
,Recommended,231160,11104449,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Silver,"The Swapper is a nice little puzzle game very similar to Portal where you are put in the shoes of an astronaut who has a swapper device. This device allows you to create (with a right click) upto five different clones of yourself that mimick your every movement and to swap your mind with any one of them with a left click.Your job is to collect enneagon orbs that allow you tp progress further in the game. Each such orb is in a puzzle room where there are obstacles, as well as strategically placed red light (prevents transferring your mind to clones in that area) and/or blue light (prevents creating clones in that area). Your clones cannot claim enneagon orbs, only you can. So your job is to figure out a way to get to the orb yourself in order to collect it, using your clones as pawns.The game is about 5-6 hours long and some of the puzzles are really tough nuts to crack but most are simple enough for even the casual gamer to figure it out pretty quick. The most interesting part of this game is its story - it is kinda creepy and unsettling and the atmosphere of the huge space station you are in is nicely done. Oh and the soundtrack is hauntingly beautiful, too. A four, out of five stars."
76561198006605804,Recommended,231160,10949200,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[PoD]TwoOneOne,good stylish puzzle platformer
,Recommended,231160,10949836,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,---,"This game was amazing.  It has been a long time since a game has captured my attention and imagination like this did.  It was so powerful that it even convinced me that i need to write a REVIEW on it.  The Swapper puts  you through a story that makes you think in forms of puzzles and games, while also leading you through a story of deep moral questions and infrences.  I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is searching for a good story while also being tested mentally."
76561198076737211,Recommended,231160,10950751,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MartianWarlord,"Having just finished The Swapper, I must say that I was truly amazed by both the game's story and art style. At its surface, the game's story is a wonderful example of creative sci-fi. However, the story's true strength lies in the deep thoughts that it stimulates in the player about the nature of identity and the existence of a ""soul"". Also, the final decision reveals two endings to the game, each with its own merits. In addition to the lovely story, the game features a unique and impressive art style, consisting of handmade clay models. My only complaint is the short length of the game; however, this is more like a compliment, as my desire for more gamplay is a direct result of the game's excellent quality."
,Recommended,231160,7594314,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,fodder,Someone finally managed to out-Braid Braid.
,Recommended,231160,91551,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,SMKnight,Cool style and fun puzzles.  If you want to play with a gamepad rather than keyboard and mouse:http://blog.stephenklancher.com/2013/06/the-swapper-xbox-360-control-using-joytokey/
76561198022002071,Recommended,231160,10848369,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MuppetMan,"Hands down best indie game I have every had the plessure of playing. Thought provoking - Eerie - SciFi - Puzzle - Mysterious , this game left me in a state of disbelief when I finished it. From the story line to the music, everything is perfect"
,Recommended,231160,411462,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,TheSLAP,"Unique graphics and outstanding puzzles makes ""The Swapper"" well worth playing.  The story is fairly interesting but rather cryptic and somewhat difficult to follow.  The story, although rather vague, left an impression on me but could've been stronger.  The game took me 4 hours to play through which, in my opinion,  is a bit short.  The puzzles are difficult but after a few moments of pondering/experimentation you should find a rather simple answer.  Rewarding experience overall although I would've liked to see some ""Challenge"" puzzles that ramp up the difficulty after finishing the game.4/5 Stars."
,Recommended,231160,10851846,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kristen.maxwell,"I wish i hadn't waited so long to play The Swapper. The core mechanics of cloning and platforming make you feel pretty clever as you progress, and the visual style is amazing in a funky claymation-ish kind of way. I really love atmosphere in my games, and this one has it in spades. Definitly worth at east a couple of hours exploring."
,Recommended,231160,10862908,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,WolfSamurai,"I have enjoyed few puzzle-platformers the way I have this game. To start, I love the atmosphere of this game. The combination of visuals, the story, and the sound combine to make a really unique experience from the get-go. It's not just a puzzle game, it manages to be an experience. But on the subject of puzzles, the mechanics here are a lot of fun to learn and employ to get through rooms. Probably 95% of the puzzles felt intuitive and fun and were rarely frustrating. There were, as in almost every puzzle game, some rooms that were more problematic. Rooms that were unintuitive, had unforgiving timing, or required irritatingly precise positioning (or some combination thereof). But these rooms were pretty infrequent and can be forgiven pretty easily. Overall, this was a fantastic experience and one that I can't recommend highly enough to others."
,Recommended,231160,10906063,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,asparagus,"An incredible puzzle platformer with a superb atmosphere that combines deep creepiness with haunting beauty, in large part thanks to its unique visuals (clay models/real-world objects + great lighting effects) and haunting soundtrack. Story is sci-fi with a philosophical flavour... but ultimately, you probably won't want to think too hard about it.Completion time: 4 hours9/10"
76561197970504847,Recommended,231160,10909607,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[Bwomp],"Took me long enough to get past one of the last puzzles, but it was worth it. Definitely one of the best endings in a game."
,Recommended,231160,10916508,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,odie /♥/,"You're a spaceman, in space, doing space things, in the space time continuum. 11/10"
76561198047803799,Recommended,231160,10918695,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Greg,Super fun. Buy.
,Recommended,231160,10918798,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kerning,"Do not let the name and its puzzle-heavy premise turn you off because you will be missing out some of the finest the indie game market has to offer since the crowd-pleasing Braid and charmingly old-school Teslagrad.The graphics are sensibly tangible in best way possible with great mixture of claymation and lighting/shadowing effects. You would easily forget that you're playing a platformer with very simple tools that are extremely difficult to master. The puzzles are so well designed and paced that they fits right into the environment, doesn't plod the game badly, and are perfectly interwoven with the macabre and thought-provoking plot that kept you guessing right until the end. The Swapper may not give you all the answers for both puzzles and plot, but left just enough for you to solve them on your own. And audiophiles would be delighted with the engrossing soundtracks that calls back to some of finest sci-fi tracks of the 20th Century, amplifying the atmosphere with creeping sense of dread and mystique.Do yourself a favor and buy it, play it, and get yourself swapped right into the game because it is like playing the best sci-fi movie that doesn't fear to be daring and tantalizing.10/10"
,Recommended,231160,662723,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,aa: The Dude,This game is great.
,Recommended,231160,1041969,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Niggodemus,"IF YOU DONT MASTERBATE TO THIS GAME, YOU ARE A ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,231160,11347295,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Cro,"A unique mood for a unique game. The story is one of a kind.The riddles are a bit repetitive after a while, but that's the only dark point.This is a must have if you like puzzle-platformers and naration."
,Recommended,231160,11302435,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kulhoon,"Such a mysterious, intriguing, challenging and beautiful game. I've completed it twice, and still want to keep playing it. Can't wait to see more from Facepalm."
,Recommended,231160,11354683,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,AdolJr,"One of the great adventure puzzle game I've played, the puzzle is very challenging, constantly add new variation to the puzzle, I really have to think out of the box for some puzzle to solve. This game also have great atmosphere ,visual & soundtrack.the only cons is the story itself, too short , lacks background story and no replayability , I think the developer should change all the console text to cinematic flashback to really immerse the player to the story , I also didn't really understand the text in the rocks,some of them looks like random saying to me. but overall the visuals & puzzle really hooked me to finish this game. 7.5/10."
76561198045194592,Recommended,231160,11273574,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,alexauran,As thoughtful as Portal
76561197994666222,Recommended,231160,11284215,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,reskiltith,Fantastic game. Beautifull atmosphere both visually and musically. Tough and frustrating at times. Rewarding when the puzzle is completed.
76561197993472883,Recommended,231160,11333681,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Henders,"A beautiful game, a challenging puzzler and a fantastic piece of science fiction."
76561198067515048,Recommended,231160,11338262,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ShiaLabe0uf,Such an intense and rewarding game. The puzzles are challenging but not out of reach if you take the time to just sit and think. So glad I purchased this game.
,Recommended,231160,11248364,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Biel,"The Swapper is a very fun game. The story is intriguing, the art is very unique, and the gameplay is enjoyable.10/10 Would buy again"
,Recommended,231160,11251328,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Daimos_,"This game was simply awesome.If you liked Limbo, this will add a another level of creepy desperation and unique style. The atmosphere is so dense you can cut it with a knife. The story is intriguing and told very well in a mix of cut scenes and found logs. The puzzles are original and quite a challenge. Did I mention the good story and lore? It's amazing!Overall, one of the must-play Indie gems in my point of view."
,Recommended,231160,11253782,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BigSnack,"The Swapper is a excellent puzzle game, with a flair of Dead Space thrown in. It was never scary, but always kept an eerie sense around. The ending... Let's just say it cuts deep. John Cena/10 would recommend."
76561197993848840,Recommended,231160,11388420,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Rachsmo,"Excellent game, most levels are quite tricky but still fun."
,Recommended,231160,11413470,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Citizen Snips,"First time I played It seemed like 2D portal, but as I advanced in the game I realized that was not a fair comparison. New gameplay mechanics appeared that turned the game on it's head. Some puzzles, specially the last ones, I found to be too challenging for me. After 20 minutes attempting one of them, I decided to view a video walkthrough and immediately regretted it after my hindsight bias told me ""I could of figured that out!"".There are no noticeable loadtimes between levels and I noticed no bugs or exploits. The game is nicely polished and definitely not half-baked.The storyline, although it's not the main focus of the game, is memorable and thought-provoking. I found myself asking ""Do I exist when the beam is halfway between me and myself?""To purchase the game I paid around 15% of my allocated game budget for the summer and it was worth it."
76561197995652588,Recommended,231160,1632983,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Sadistic Puppy,Cool little game with a great philosophical story. Recommended!
,Recommended,231160,1735726,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,SaiminTS,"What a great puzzle game! Probably one of the best beside Portal and Braid. Everything about this is right: athmosphere, puzzles, visuals, music, movement, story.. and it's SF :)"
,Recommended,231160,11514457,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Krabs,"A really fun indie game.This is a puzzle platformer, heavily reminiscent of SNES Super Metroid. The same 2D perspective, with a gun you aim diagnolly, and frequently checking the map to see what doors you haven't opened yet.But instead of a ray gun, ice beam, etc, you have a Swapper. The secondary fire button creates a clone of yourself, the primary teleports your soul to your clone (or does it)? Use these abilities to collect orbs, which unlock doors.I have mad respect for the level design in this game. Writting puzzles with the correct difficulty is really hard, and they did it. I was able to finish each puzzle, without Google, but towards the end many of them were tough. And the solutions were rarely technically difficult. Once you figured it out, executing it was not hard.The plot centers around a derelict space ship, with an unusual lifeform aboard. The lifeforms have killed most of the crew, and your goal is to survive until help arrives. And it posits an interesting take on what it means to have a soul."
,Recommended,231160,11408091,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Anteroine,"The Swapper is a puzzle-based game with a VIEWTIFUL (Sorry Viewtiful Joe, I love your way of putting it) artstyle. Puzzles are mostly easy/medium, so beating this game will not take long. Took me 6-7 hours to finish the game. To keep things interesting, the game throws a (thriller) story in. The Swapper also has depth on ethical level for player to ponder over. Recommended for all puzzle-lovers. For me, this game was Portal in 2D combined to Dead Space without monsters or gore."
76561198053423473,Recommended,231160,11439763,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Muad'Dib,"The atmosphere really stands out as the story is told through a combination of monologue, memory terminals, and mysterious rocks. The sound design really stands out and contributes to the feeling of isolation. The puzzles provide a nice challenge as you figure out all of the different mechanics. Backtracking is made easy through the use of teleports, which helps the pace since you can tackle puzzles you skipped later on relatively easily. The game is short but this should not be seen as a negative. It doesn't overstay its welcome and it introduces new concepts at a nice pace.  If you like puzzle platformers like Portal, Braid, Limbo, etc, then you should definitely play this game."
,Recommended,231160,3596256,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Kerplunk,"Really nice graphics (everything in the game is made from clay).Atmospheric as hell, and has good puzzles too."
76561198118121402,Recommended,231160,11694655,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Monkey Butler,"The swapper, though a fairly short game, is one of the best puzzle games I have played. The puzzle format is like nothing I have  seen before, and the game also has a deep and mysterious plot that makes you want to keep playing. Another aspect of this game that I believe deserves high praise is the soundtrack. The music in many areas completed the over all empty feeling of the game. Over all I really enjoyed this game and I encourage anyone who reads this to buy it."
,Recommended,231160,11695469,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Karn,"The Swapper featured many VERY interesting puzzles, many being very difficult to solve, some asking for momentum and a bit of skill.You need to use a great part of multi-tasking abilities, being able to control more bodies at once, reacting to eachs own physical habits, to solve your problems through the abandoned space-ship you explore.I got through with a playtime of 5 hours, with completing every task and reading to every note left ingame.It didn't feel like 5 hours to me, much more like 10, because I felt so engraved into the story, with every question appearing on the screen, I returned to question myself.This is where the game shows its greatest worth, the story and the philosophy. Making it real for yourself.This game plays with your mind, your understanding of what you are, who you are, or even where you are.Just the very first moment I used the ""swapper device"", it blew me with an attack of thoughts, I tried to comprehend what I just did to ""myself"". Is it right? It didn't feel right, but everything is still like it was before. Or isn't it?Go find out for yourself.For lovers of space, physics, philosophy and puzzles I can recommend this game.It may be a bit overpriced though, it has no replayability, as you need to explore 100% to continue to the ending.While it's a very good game on that matter, it may be just to short to be that expensive.50% on Sale? Go for it!"
76561198025282145,Recommended,231160,3616978,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Karmic Relief,Creepy puzzler with great music and and a really interesting mechanic.
76561198054538711,Recommended,231160,12197480,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Preceptorbat,Mesmerizing - 9/10.Some puzzles are too complex and i struggled to exercise my brain to that level after a whole day's work at office. But still a good indie game.
,Recommended,231160,8641608,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,amateurgod,"Play it, Your brain will thank you."
76561198032007535,Recommended,231160,12134223,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Prairyson,"A fun puzzle game using novel aspects like the cloning and swapping between clones.  Interesting, fun, and looks good - always a good combination for any game.  I've only just begun, so I can see it getting somewhat redundant, but I also don't know what twists to the developing storyline might pop up or additions to the types of environmental interaction there may be so I'm fairly positive about following this one through to it's conclusion!  Don't be afraid to grab this one."
,Recommended,231160,12146936,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,herberck,"This game is amazing. Beautiful atmosphere and graphics, nice puzzles, controls are intuitive and a nice mysterious story. I love it"
76561198042767131,Recommended,231160,4876927,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Farlow,"I've seriously only played 30 minutes of this game, but it has  beautiful art design and mind bending puzzles already. Also, this game is adept at making you feel like a monster, a horrible clone murdering monster."
,Recommended,231160,11219193,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,RustyJaeger,5 hour of puzzles and 2deep4u story. Dont buy over 5 dollars. Wait for sale
76561198083203879,Recommended,231160,12008630,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Toastybot,If you enjoy puzzle platformer games in the vien of Metroid this game is for you. The visuals are amazing.
,Recommended,231160,12120394,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,› Pylat {I Have Candy},A fun little puzzle game that doesn't suffer the same pitfalls as so many others. I really appreciate that they actively encourage experimenting and don't penalise any mistakes you make. I'll be keeping my eye out for any sequels.
,Recommended,231160,11907417,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Crayphish,spooky talking rocks 10/10
76561198058077735,Recommended,231160,11914427,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MashPoTaTo,"One of my favorite games ever, I can’t stop playing it, the game is so addictive. It also has a great story not just puzzles and some kind of mazes.I gave the game play, controls, sound and graphic 9 out of 10. Control is so smooth and easy to adhere. No lag or issues with the game so far.i hope you like the game."
76561198046856861,Recommended,231160,12089463,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,F0573R,this is the recommend.
,Recommended,231160,7588257,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,KarmaShark,Atmospheric puzzle platformer with an intriguing sci-fi story.  Engaging graphics and voice acting keep you immersed in the game.
76561198134210605,Recommended,231160,21373885,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Pancakes,It has a unique mechanic that is cleverly used through the game. It also has a very eerie feel to it. Like you're alone on this planet or space station or whatever. Overall a good atmospheric puzzle game.
,Recommended,231160,21441448,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,LB,"Great game, great story, great puzzles.The main mechanic of the game is not unique in the slightest, however the story focuses on the real-world implications of it and the ethical nature of the situation, making for a very unique experience.Despite what some reviews say, I would not call this a metroidvania - in my playthrough I never had to backtrack. You can leave puzzles unsolved and backtrack for them later, but I just solved every puzzle I could find before progressing in the game.I was a little disappointed at the length because it felt like there was so much more that could be done with the mechanics of the game - it felt like they limited the length of the game to suit the plot rather than just spacing out the story. (For reference, my initial playthrough of the game took only 3.5 hours). All the same, it is a great experience that I highly recommend.For more in-depth commentary and spoilers, you can watch my full playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBCsoffCh90oenYOH4DXdJdDFhENA06Il"
,Recommended,231160,21478822,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Great game, atmosphere, puzzles, story-line however there were a few puzzles especially towards the end that were ridiculously hard to figure out and it kind of killed the flow a little bit for me. Once again the indies deliver so give it a try if your interested."
76561198025028631,Recommended,231160,21430289,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hoarse John,Good
,Recommended,231160,280948,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Forum Joe,"Holy moly, this is a very cool game.  So much atmosphere and style for what is essentially a very original puzzle game.  Not too difficult, builds up your skills nicely.  Very nice."
,Recommended,231160,7568691,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"This game is awesome! It's a puzzle/platformer sort of like Limbo, but I liked the puzzles more in this game. The story is very interesting and plays out through the game. The story and the experience is worth it. The graphics feels like you're playing a Tool video from the 90's. Although this game is kind of short. It took me 5 hours to beat it. After beating it, I wanted to play again, just to get a feel for the story. How many games can you say you played 2x all the way through?"
,Recommended,231160,3592918,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Myrhial,"This game is amazing in may ways. Its story and theme that gets you to think, its beautiful clay environments, its soft music that sets the mood and slowly gets under your skin, and of course its puzzles. Every challenge is contained to a room, but you explore through the levels, which slowly unfold the more orbs you gather. Most are easy enough to figure out of you know the basic rules of the game, and if not, you can perfectly just walk away and brood on it a bit and come back later."
,Recommended,231160,2206703,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Synth Fox,"This game....is strange, yet fascinating. Imagine being able to create clones of yourself, swapping conciousness with them, and using your former bodies as tools for slaughter? That's what this game is all about. However dark and brooding the game gets with the mysterious sentient rocks you come across and mass suicide puzzles, the game is really hard to put down. If anything, this is the new Braid of recent indie games."
,Recommended,231160,2069594,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,homewrecker,An excellent puzzle-platformer with a very creepy atmosphere and puzzles that will really rack your brain. It's also interesting to note that the visuals for the game were created using claymation.
,Recommended,231160,1800450,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,johnxfire,"The Swapper is an astounding piece of work, and an exemplar of puzzle platformers.You take control of a confused soul, thrown in the middle of an abandoned mining station, making do with  the titular swapper, a  cloning-swapping device that aids you throughout the various puzzles. As with all puzzle platformers featuring a core concept, it has the potential to be gimmicky and poorly executed - but The Swapper manages to present its puzzles in an interesting and varied fashion. Difficulty scales quite well, and some puzzles can be quite tricky without peeking at a guide.The game's art style is terrific. The art assets were all moulded from clay, giving the game a unique look befitting the setting. The atmosphere is haunting. It almost feels as if it was a survival horror game or some such thing. While it is not a demanding game, it is a gorgeous game, with excellent use of lighting and colors to set the mood.The soundtrack is heavenly. Absolutely heavenly. Excellent pieces of ambient music that would go right up with Brian Eno, Steve Roach, and such. It adds so much to the aura of each area, and one can actually sink into the music while playing.Overall, The Swapper is a truly astounding game, and well worth looking into at its store price."
76561198098047007,Recommended,231160,7742710,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lord,Amazing game! Many times you 'll think a puzzle is impossible but this will add even more joy when you 'll manage to solve it!The graphics and atmosphere is a nice bonus to an already great packet.
,Recommended,231160,1293958,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,⅕ one5th,"A really fantastic puzzle-platformer wrapped in a mysterious and rich atmosphere. Pushing what is essentially a single core mechanic as far as it goes to create some difficult contained puzzles. The atmosphere and story are what really sets it apart from every other game in the genera though. You don't normally expect a game of this type to give you something to think about. I've quite enjoyed my time spent playing this game, worth checking out if you have the chance."
,Recommended,231160,611536,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Joachim Murat,Nothing but pure entertainment through elegant and beautiful simplicity. 10/10
76561197977927906,Recommended,231160,772146,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Kes,"The swapper is a 2D platformer with brain teasing puzzles and a story thats hauntingly lonesome. The game mechanics involve you creating clones of yourself and swapping between them as you progress through the game. The puzzle elements are intricate and start of fairly simple but become more complicated by the later portion of the game. Though the puzzle solving is top notched, what really makes this game unique is its atmosphere. The lonesomeness in space with its musical direction is amazing as you piece together the story 'till its final moments. A game thats very well done with a lot of heart, The Swapper is a must try for this year."
,Recommended,231160,4703587,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,timvisee [Linux],"Very nice puzzle platform game, unique and great puzzles! Deffinitly a must have!"
,Recommended,231160,3903297,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Key of Serenity,"One of the most beautiful, haunting, and unique puzzle platformers ever made."
,Recommended,231160,673231,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,twitch.tv/xK3nnyx_Lim,Incredibly satisfying puzzles to solve. Definitely for players looking for the next Braid fix.
,Recommended,231160,848969,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,SpinGee,Brilliant puzzle game with fantastic style and interesting story
,Recommended,231160,1124870,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Posterfig,"One of the most innovative and satisfying indie experiences I have untertaken in a long time. The surrealist interplay of light and sound compliments the clever and outright fun (remember fun?) gameplay mechanics, amounting to something more than the sum of its parts."
76561197972928560,Recommended,231160,8798754,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ShadowBB,"It eerie, philosofical, smart, innovative and well worth the money."
,Recommended,231160,8787985,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Burdogg,"Puzzle time!  Sound and visuals are great, storyline is cool. Changes in mechanics keep gameplay interesting as the puzzles get harder. Rocks can talk?"
76561197993790505,Recommended,231160,8788109,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Spnk2Deaf,"A very quick game with a game machanic that is reminiscent of the Time and Decision (Shadow) section of Braid. The story is as intriguing as Braid and the question(s) it brings up are even more gripping. The puzzles are as fiendishly fun as Portal. The main draw for this game, however, is the atmosphere. You get the feeling of being alone and confused in a massive space station, with the threat of something aweful soon to transpire always hanging above your head, without anybody actually coming out and saying ""hey, you're all alone and confused in a very large space station where a terrible thing is soon to happen..."" To get that message through artwork and design alone is what takes this game from pretty cool to pretty awesome."
76561198114884364,Recommended,231160,8790301,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Unbracingorc76,"Great game. Loved the story, as well as the game mechanics of creating clones to solve puzzles. Definetly a must play."
,Recommended,231160,8781699,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,LFS | Poop da Woop,"Mostly good.  Only one puzzle made me feel like I was cheating.  To get both endings, the game wants you to play through the whole exact thing twice, which is total B.S.  The metaphysical gibberish is annoying.  Most of the puzzles are fun, though."
76561197967456106,Recommended,231160,8593249,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Abyssm,This is a great side scrolling game that has modern graphics.  Sci-Fi themed and low violence.
76561197968383663,Recommended,231160,8599860,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,FrenchyT,"Absolutely wonderful game. Solid puzzles, some very difficult; platforming controls are relatively tight. The shining achievement, though, is the immersive atmosphere and storyline -- a meditation on the nature and mutability of consciousness, even individual identity. Highly recommended if you can afford to devote a handful of hours for a continuous playthrough."
,Recommended,231160,8600868,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,McFly,Simply Amazing! Full of puzzles and hard thinking!
76561198006267046,Recommended,231160,8602169,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CaptainDisappointment,"Awesome, ambient puzzle game. One of the most original I've seen in a long time.My only complaint was that I could kill my clones, but not make out with them."
76561197972458972,Recommended,231160,8608714,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,maji,"Unique puzzling, great environment design, really if you like puzzle games this is an amazing puzzle game wrapped an a very original visual design."
76561197970475288,Recommended,231160,8713793,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sabbatai,I love the art direction and the fact that the levels are made from real world objects and clay.The music and sound effects are amazing.This game made me remember what it was I loved about video games in the first place.  The namesake mechanic is fun and its implementation is fresh.So far so good.  Will try to review properly once finished.
,Recommended,231160,8616364,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Master Kuni,"Wonderfully atmospheric, incredible sound and visual design, and challenging but not impossible puzzles.  What more could you ask for?"
76561197993210256,Recommended,231160,8616844,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Void,One of the best indie game I've ever playedIt's oniric.the game design and the music perfectly mix together to create a great experience for the playerand the puzzle were real fulLoved it!
76561198015271148,Recommended,231160,8616911,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Inferno,"Very good game. Fun and complex puzzels that make you think but aren't impossible. This game actually has a really good story for a puzzle game. It is also very atmospheric and addicting, I was compelled to play it all in one sitting."
76561197997981581,Recommended,231160,1786562,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,[Ich geh]RockAFella,"Really nice puzzle game with a ""story"" that makes you think."
76561197971956362,Recommended,231160,546172,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,WussyMan,"One of the best puzzle games that I have ever played, with one of the most intelligent backstories."
,Recommended,231160,8619741,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rothriss,This is a good one.
,Recommended,231160,8620785,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,quantumRyan,"I strongly recommend this game. Its similar puzzle solving like in the 2D Portal games. Although its a platformer, the platforming elements are not grueling, that's not where the challenge is.My only complaint is the achievements, since they aren't tied to a regular playthrough, which I applaud. The problem is what once you finish the game, you can't go back. So if you play like me and typically don't look at achievements until after you finish, but would like to do the achievements, you'll need to start over."
76561198039147884,Recommended,231160,8621798,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gandalf,Highly recommend!
,Recommended,231160,8720735,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,gaz,"This is a f***ing masterpiece. If you like games with puzzles, cool graphics, atmospheric music and you have a soul, then you MUST play this."
,Recommended,231160,8770611,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mr Bears,Awesome game.  Rewarding and challenging puzzles in a very uniquely stylized environment.  Excellent example of a well-engineered and original indie game.
,Recommended,231160,8770738,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,imac2much,"Gunpoint may have worked my brain pretty hard in some stages, but nothing tested my mind as much as The Swapper (well, perhaps Antichamber... but we'll get into that later).  The Swapper uses a limited amount of controls to craft some fiendish puzzles, similar to Portal.  Your character can move left and right, but the titular mechanic reveals itself in the way you can create clones of yourself in nearly any location, and with another click you can switch to that clone.  Levels gradually introduce other challenges, such as areas of light that do not allow clone creation or swapping (or both), some larger areas that have you treading familiar territory like a Metroid game, and gravity puzzles because why not.  Overall, I enjoyed the game (again with a surprisingly deep story), but I also didn't like how certain later stages basically only had one intended way of success that can take a long time to figure out.  Then again, those ""Eureka"" moments when you do figure out a solution after an hour is pretty great... until I realize I spent an hour playing one puzzle :("
,Recommended,231160,8773369,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jampants37,"This game is amazing. Started kind of slow and difficult to understand. It got to a point where the game is like ""try doing this"" and you realize how cool the game is. I would say the game is a combination of Myst or other puzzle solving games and metroid for the map layout. The objective is to collect orbs by solving puzzles in rooms, but you can choose which room to go in. Some rooms seem impossible so I went to another one, solve it then come back and the previous one clicks. Haven't gotten too far into the story, but its been interesting so far."
,Recommended,231160,8775320,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Frikandel met Slagroom,"The Swapper another great addition to the family of puzzle games, and a must-have for any puzzle-fanatic.As a helmet wearing space-scavenger, you are a nameless person, in a nameless place in the orbit of a nameless planet.Weird things are happening, but there is no way of know what it is...until it's too late.Inspired by Portal, this beautiully hand-crafted game - reminiscent of a 90s adventure-game, or perhaps a point-'n-click game - tweaks and builds upon this already fantastic puzzle game, and bringsfresh ideas and mechanics to the table to create a splendid puzzle game that will leave you scratching your head more than once.Aim your ""Swapper"" and create a clone to help you solve the puzzles presented to you,but beware the lights, for they will not make the puzzle-solving easy!To complete the immersion, the audio does an amazing job of sucking you in and not letting you go.From eerie, ambient sounds, to a relaxing piano melody: the music sets the mood for every moment of the trip.Explore the beautifully aesthetic and atmospheric environment, collect 'the orbs' and unravel the mystery.""What is this ""I"". Is it part of the chain?"""
,Recommended,231160,8760234,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,PussySmoker420,"Very tricky puzzle solver, I loved it."
,Recommended,231160,8430544,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Smock,"Wow! Bought for £4 in the xmas sale, and not regretted parting with my cash one bit. I think I'd have been happy if I parted full price for it to be honest. The game is so atmospheric - at first having clones and swapping is weird and you end up with a weird sense of detachedness, which fits the game, running around this big old deserted ship with a single voice guiding you. It also has a great puzzles and a nice back story to boot, and all of this coming from an indie publisher. I can't wait to see how the game ends, it's been great fun!"
,Recommended,231160,8442263,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Barca,"Only played one hour and already know this is going to be one of my favorite games of the year. Amazing atmosphere, sound and the scenarios very well constructed and drawned. The puzzles so far have been accessible, but as I only played one hour so far, I'm not in the position to review the consistency of the puzzles dificulty. But so far, highly recommendable, even more so being on sale!! If you like puzzles games like braid you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,231160,8443025,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jster,Very fun game. Felt like a champ after solving those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles at the end.
76561197995308825,Recommended,231160,8444143,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,xstinction,great fun
,Recommended,231160,8445089,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CrisisManagement,"This is a great game with unique physics puzzles, a must play for any gamer..."
,Recommended,231160,1693949,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Waifu for Laifu,It is very good. Get it on sale.
,Recommended,231160,8446586,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wailord Is The Heaviest Pokemon,"A surprisingly good game that is worth your time. The Swapper is a puzzle platformer that has does many things correctly. The gameplay is conprised of using clones of yourself to solve puzzles onboard an abandoned spacestation. The puzzles are well done and kept simple, but the difficulty increases as the game goes on. The puzzle design shows off the developers mastery of their mechanics and environments. The atmostphere is also done very well. The music and visuals leave a haunting effect that stays very consistant throughout the experience. The graphical style is a beautiful claymation style look is done extremely well and adds to the unique feel of the game. The Swapper also does a very surprising thing for a 2D platformer to do. It incorporates a suprising strong story that leaves you questioning morality. The Swapper is an overall very good experience and it should be recommended for fans of puzzle games."
,Recommended,231160,8470888,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mipper,A nice and solid game. It cannot be compared to something like Portal 2 but it is a solid puzzle game.The game takes about 4 hours to finish. I bought it during winter sale for 4.75€ which is a fair deal.
76561197960682063,Recommended,231160,8471735,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ridley327,"The Swapper is what would happen if someone made a puzzle game out of the LV-426 sequence from Alien with a Metroidvania-esque flair to it, and that's perfectly OK with me. Terrific visuals and audio, thoughtful puzzles that ramp up quite nicely, and its excellent pacing ensures that it doesn't overstay its welcome, nor feel too undercooked."
,Recommended,231160,8473066,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,GuyUWishUWere,Hey a science fiction story that takes 3 seconds to get interesting!  I wish I could show this to that fool at my writing class who said good scifi is only good 100 pages in.Fun well utilized gameplay mechanic - checkstory that asks quick simple questions that make you uneasy - checkinfo delivered in unobtrusive audio playback you can listen to while you solve puzzles - checka creepy climax that leads to a cataclysmic horror show - you can't win them allOh!  it looks nice too I guess...
,Recommended,231160,8473976,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,l00nix,"Before I played this game I was somewhat skeptical to buying it since it's a 2D platformer, but after playing it I must say that it is one of the most entertaining games I've played.  The puzzles in the game are fun and satisfying."
76561198017335436,Recommended,231160,8474823,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ronnieb,Totally awesome puzzle game.
,Recommended,231160,8491352,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Maximum Moogle Drive,"Worth it for $5. Wouldn't pay the full $15 price tag.Highly atmospheric, stunning soundtrack, and challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,8494091,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,swap swap swap o ur here ok il startthe swapper is a mindbending puzzel game with a interresting storyspace magic tools and coulerd lights what a party!!87/100
,Recommended,231160,8496753,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,satsun,The Swapper is a puzzle game based in the future where a space mining operation has gone bad. The graphics are quite nice and the audio was done very well.
76561198093927732,Recommended,231160,20747250,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,devenmi,"Wow,  Love games such as limbo.  Side scrolling puzzle games.  Great game should be in everyones library, and everyone should msg the creators to make a second.  The joy of figuring out a puzzle without youtube walkthrough.Must Have"
,Recommended,231160,20815225,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,jimmi,+ Very good puzzles+ Intriguing story
,Recommended,231160,21280877,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Canman,"As far as puzzle design, it's great - the entire game riffs on a single mechanic and finishes before it wears out it's welcome. The puzzles themselves are very clever and fair.The game also has a very nice and unique aesthetic, complemented by an appropriately peaceful and spacey soundtrack.I wasn't a huge fan of the story. It's got a cool sci-fi angle, but it's poorly executed in my opinion. By the end, I got the feeling it was trying a bit too hard to be profound.So, as a whole package, it does feel a bit like a bunch of puzzles loosely strung together across a sci-fi setting. But I loved the puzzles and the artwork, so I definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,231160,21274571,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Erisplay,Great puzzle and mystery solving game with an awesome atmosphere.A must have if you're any interested in puzzle or mystery.
76561198055172310,Recommended,231160,21277432,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,vdst123,Amazing.
,Recommended,231160,21288336,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gurke,"If you are into puzzles and platformers, then this game won't disappoint you. However what really made me enjoy the game was the story. I strongly suggest that you read all notes and such to experience the whole story.Summary:-Puzzles are great-Music is great-Atmosphere is great-Story is great-Style of art is great"
76561198212045879,Recommended,231160,21296232,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,klangman,"The most interesting game I have played since Limbo. It draws you in very quickly, I don't think I will play any other game until I finish it. If you like puzzle games then this should be on the top of your list."
76561197990351691,Recommended,231160,21307440,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Icosphere,"A unique kind of platformer, if you're a fan of this genre then this is a fresh kind of game for you with beautifully coloured visuals, atmospheric sound effects and logical challenges. Surprisingly, you'll pick up the aim of the game relatively quickly. The game is well-designed and looks fantastic on a 27"" iMac running at 60 FPS. The reward of this game are the visuals and the variety of puzzles to solve. You'll be doing a lot of Cloning and Swapping and timing can be crucial on some occasions."
,Recommended,231160,7542782,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,"Van, my dudes","Atmospheric and thought-provoking. Raises questions about conciousness, the concept of self, and morality in future scientific discoveries concerning xenomorphic life and the limits of humanity. Would draw parallels to ""Moon,"" the indie film, for its similar themes in questioning morality in scientific progress, and ""Portal"" for its myriad of puzzles derived from a single gameplay concept."
76561198034211379,Recommended,231160,23900659,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rain Machine,"I bought the game while it was on sale but it is definately worth the full price.The Swapper is an example of very atmospheric exploration, tight puzzle design, and great pacing. I didn't really pay attention to the details in the story, though I was able to follow the plot. This isn't a primarily story driven game - it's mechanics take precedent and the puzzles work well on their own."
,Recommended,231160,23877208,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Solutions,Nice atmospheric puzzle game that takes around 4hrs to complete. There's enough content 1-2 play throughs at most. Definitely worth picking up if it's on sale.
,Recommended,231160,23683319,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Maggikarp,"Really beautiful aesthetic and fun puzzles, not too hard. Only 2 levels were pretty difficult in my opinion. Very thought provoking message and ending. Would totally recommend!"
76561198025197626,Recommended,231160,8416195,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Deep Winter,"The Swapper combines elements from classic Metroid and Limbo to create a sci-fi journey that is unforgettable. From the clever puzzles, to the spine tingling soundtrack, and clever use of light, this game immerses you in the emptiness of space and brings forth a feeling of satisfaction after commiting time to solving it's challenges.Swap to this game now, because I can promise you won't regret it. : )"
,Recommended,231160,23606981,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Plant Ghost,"Swapper is beautiful and challenging. The story starts out subtle, but soon grabs hold of you. I was completely engrossed and the ending impressed me."
76561198298822544,Recommended,231160,22579846,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,drlindsayjgutteridge,Loved it!
76561198051040413,Recommended,231160,30802878,Posted: 28 March,all,MatBigrey,"Really good puzzle game in outter space.Nice philosophic story.Rather short, just how I like them!"
76561198020990330,Recommended,231160,23716367,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,HANZIE,i had a blast playing this puzzle game. great atmosphere too.
76561198023308996,Recommended,231160,8688875,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,muaddib069,"""Atmospheric puzzle platformer"" perfectly describes this game. If you love tricky puzzles and laugh and cheer when they are completed, this is the game for you. On top of the gameplay, the music, set design, and lighting will absorb you into an other world."
,Recommended,231160,8690488,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sigpa0s,"Brain-teaser puzzles, amazing atmosphere, and clay animation make for a unique style of gameplay. I'm loving this so far."
,Recommended,231160,8692729,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,laserchalk,A very satisfying puzzler. You use a gun to create clones of yourself to progress through the game. All the puzzles are created in a way to get you to use your abilities in a new and creative ways. Some of the puzzles are quit mind bending in that the solution isn't obvious. I highly recommend this game.
76561197971373022,Recommended,231160,8694108,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,islebee,A very interesting puzzle game.  I was initally not interested but got it on the Holiday sale and have enjoyed the challenge of solving the games puzzles.
,Recommended,231160,8681386,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SciBear,"Good puzzles, original concept.  SHORT tho..."
,Recommended,231160,8681545,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,JEFFKINGS,"I had ""The Swapper"" on my wishlist for quite some time before finally purchasing it during the Holiday Sale. Within the first 20 minutes, I was already hooked on the addictively simple gameplay mechanics and thoughtful puzzle solving. The somber score along with the dark visuals really produce a sense of loneliness and encourage the player to take their time in exploring the desolate space station to watch the story unfold and find out why exactly he/she is there. Great title, definitely worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,231160,8682136,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ballr,"Great 2-D puzzle platfomer with a great mysterious storyline and music. Right as you start you're thrown in to an unknown sci-fi world; alone. Or so you think. Great puzzles that will get your mind stirring, and a great story that will leave you questioning what is next. Overall great game, highly recommend to any gamer."
76561198070298128,Recommended,231160,8682576,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,javajoe,"The swapper is a very good 2-d puzzle platform game. It has art created from photographs of clay sculptures, so it has a claymation look to it. The puzzles revolve around making clones of yourself and swapping yourself with them. The puzzles start easy and get harder and harder. There is a science fiction story that develops as you progress in the game. The story was ok, kind of inspired by ""2001"" although a bit hokey at times. Some of the story is relayed to you by a narrator who is talking to you over a noisy radio. This means that it can be hard to understand the narrator, so in retrospect it would have been better to turn the subtitles on so I could understand the narrator. I am not a great puzzle-solver, so it took me a long time to solve some of the puzzles, and one puzzle I had to read a walkthrough to solve. My overall playing time was 11 hours, which includes at least two hours spent stuck on a few puzzles. This is decent playing time for an indie title and a very good deal for what I paid for. I would say this game is excellent but falls a little short of my all-time favorite puzzle-platfrom game Vessel. Some of the puzzle solving involved a lot of trial and error in addition to pure deduction. It took me a while to figure out that the right button does not stop the game, it just slows it down a lot. All it all I can strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,231160,8684419,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Murky Macadamian,"Superb puzzle platformer with a very unique mechanic. The puzzles are challenging and all seem to have an interesting quirk that forces you to think outside of the box. Some of them require very unconventional thinking to complete.The game also asks a lot of interesting philosophical questions concerning conciousness and ""the soul"" (or some entity like it). The ending, in particular is a lot deeper than it originally seems."
76561198033699658,Recommended,231160,8686221,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,✯Disrespect✯,The mood and atmosphere in this game are amazing... play it in a dark room with good sound for the full effect. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,231160,376042,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Jeff,"An interesting story and moody atmosphere compliment puzzles that are clever, but never feel too complicated. Very cool game."
,Recommended,231160,8744832,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MrWildBunnycat,"This is a beautiful, beautiful game. The story is intriguing, the soundtrack is immersive, the artstyle is amazing and the morals behind the gameplay are deep. Definitely worth a try"
,Recommended,231160,680417,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"This is like if Metroid and Portal spawned. The puzzles are really interesting so far, but I have only played for an hour our so. From what I can tell it is really good and worth a play through."
76561197984279616,Recommended,231160,8826065,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Harry Flowers,"Probably the best puzzle platformer game since Braid. This game def on my top 5 indie games list, the Sci-Fi estrangement element is killer atmosphere too."
76561198027095014,Recommended,231160,8830981,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NovaKane,Very impressed with this game as a side scroller generally does not impress.  The visuals and story are compelling and the puzzles can be a chore at times.  Easy to pick up and run it seems the game is over too soon.  Really makes you think about what is going on and the ending was a bit of a thought provoker.
,Recommended,231160,9150574,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,D I C K I E,worth it. the money. the gameplay. the sounds. the thoughts.
76561197960504445,Recommended,231160,9151112,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BravoBeard,"Amazing experience.  I played about a quarter of the game, then I had to let it sit for a few weeks, when I came back the mechanics made a lot more sense.  Cool story too, definitely my style.  Super Metroid meets Portal."
,Recommended,231160,9152335,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Projab,"The Swapper is a magnificent game. It's like the originality of Portal mixed with the athmosphere of Dead Space and gameplay of Metroid. I would recommend this game for everyone, and it isn't even expensive!"
,Recommended,231160,9073058,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Slash Goredon,Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038794418,Recommended,231160,9093151,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Botchdog,The swapper has an atmosphere like nothing else. Balancing a compelling sense of mystery and suspense with an exploration of the conceptual all through the medium of a 2D puzzle platformer. Imagine Braid and Moon had a lovechild and it was better than both of them.
,Recommended,231160,13582861,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,karthikprashanth87,"A unique and haunting atmosphere, simple gameplay mechanics and genuinely interesting puzzles make The Swapper a fantastic game. Though the narrative can be vague, it raises interesting questions about the concept of identity. Play Swapper if you like puzzle games with a decent narrative."
76561198096383644,Recommended,231160,16231388,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SlightlyUndercooked,"Short but amazing puzzle game.+Swapping mechanic is a blast to use+Very atmospheric+Nice level design (collect certain amount of orbs to unlock next area)+Puzzles are always fresh+Appropriate soft, isolating space music-Story wasn't all that gripping (but honestly who plays these games for story?)9/10"
,Recommended,231160,15842733,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,hlilje,"I didn't know too much about this game beforehand, but I was intrigued by the style of it. It's a wonderfully atmospheric and moody title which gets quite philosophical at points. Gameplay-wise the puzzles were not too hard, even though I rarely play puzzle games. Slowly developing and interesting story.Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,1133888,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Baloneysammitch,Perfect balance of frustrating and engaging. I loved every second.
76561198018268962,Recommended,231160,16155782,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,pingouin2ter,Amazing puzzle game with fantastic atmosphere and storyline.
,Recommended,231160,3528793,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Kaizerwolf,"If you liked Limbo, you will love this one. The puzzles are difficult at times, but if you keep at it, eventually the answer comes through."
76561197970472347,Recommended,231160,413158,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Robert,<3<3<3
76561197963901399,Recommended,231160,17973422,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NiceOldLady,Very nice to have to put some thought in a game instead of wild clicking and violence. Dark and scary atmosphere combined with the story made me enjoy this game.
,Recommended,231160,17965940,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Pretty neat game...   ...once they had native controller support...
76561198009687811,Recommended,231160,17977338,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zortac,"You can breeze through this game fairly quickly, but that's not to say it was not a challenge! I really enjoyed the story and the beautifully designed environment. The puzzles were very rewarding, reminding me a bit of Portal but with a twist. I really feel that this game deserves a sequel."
,Recommended,231160,400822,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,wgren,"Really nice puzzle game with spooky sci-fi atmosphere and great puzzle design - very challenging, but never impossible."
,Recommended,231160,18058090,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,pundewhee,Great and beautiful puzzler with only a couple puzzles I deemed way too hard. 9/10
76561197961627913,Recommended,231160,93665,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,alienzero,gran gioco
76561198024869337,Recommended,231160,18039533,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,USDA Approved,Loved it.
,Recommended,231160,30531684,Posted: 15 March,all,curser,Interesting puzzle game with a story intriguing enough that I would like to read a book based on it.
,Recommended,231160,30533084,Posted: 15 March,all,Fitz1134,Innovative mechanics and an amazing atmosphere make this a must play game.
,Recommended,231160,18068899,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Regyptian,Excellent game 10/10
,Recommended,231160,16920997,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RDeichsel,"Beatiful ambiance. Strange, but interesting story that becomes engaging and driving. Puzzles that are challenging, but solvable with time and logic; on some of them I had to give up temporarily and do something else to let my mind ponder how to solve it. Wish I could forget the game just to play it again."
76561197999135464,Recommended,231160,16884852,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ReTarDzZ,awsome game
,Recommended,231160,17478110,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Foo,Amazing.
76561198105187878,Recommended,231160,8867286,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,denizdeniz75,"Very interesting story, deep atmosphere with really great music. Gameplay also quite entertaining. The only little drawback in this game are quite easy puzzles, there were only 3 that make me worry my head."
,Recommended,231160,8867988,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"A little over 4 hours to complete this 2D puzzle platformer - and I had a pretty good time.  Even though its low budget, the atmosphere was pretty bleak and lonesome... which is perfect for a space adventure.The basic idea is that there are rooms that contain puzzles, you must make clones of yourself to solve them.  There are different colored lights and gravity that affect how you can clone yourself.  Overall I did not find the puzzles to be difficult because they were logical, so you can think your way through them; which is awesome!For anyone who likes casual puzzle platformers - I've give this a go!"
,Recommended,231160,8868637,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Favrette🐴,"Very addictive - love the gameplay and storybuilding. Some levels are quite challenging, but in a good way - gets you to think outside the box. Worth adding to your library!"
,Recommended,231160,8872027,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Surikratos,Indie Piece of Art - short but deep
76561197965268098,Recommended,231160,9032627,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Vince Masuka,"Very nice game with nice graphics and challenging puzzles. Only negative thing i would say that it was too short at least imo. Nevertheless, very enjoyable game. Thumb up!"
,Recommended,231160,9039061,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Squigglypuff,"Great game.  much brainhurt.  Also, the rocks talk to you......"
,Recommended,231160,9014061,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[R2]meister,This game Coool
,Recommended,231160,9014249,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,khoi,"Holy crap this game is scary in the ambience way. It's really good and although some of the puzzles are frustrating, it's still a good game and is very rewarding when you do accomplish them."
76561198054780225,Recommended,231160,9018910,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,pezzypezpez,"Very good puzzle game.  Takes about 3 or 4 hours to finish, not including those puzzles you get stuck on.  You will get stuck, but they are all solvable without outside help or using a walkthrough.  Highly recommend it if you like Portal 2 or other such games."
,Recommended,231160,9018971,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Juanmower,"GREAT game. The puzzles are built with just enough dificulty for you to arrive at that same feeling you get when figuring out portal solutions. The look of this game is incredible as well. Stunning. NOT A SPOILER: for the cooler ending, don't swap. You'll understand."
,Recommended,231160,338847,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,StevenSeagal,"An amazingly impressive atmospheric puzzle platformer. Scratched exactly the itch I was having for such a game. It feels very Super Metroid-ish, despite not having any enemies to shoot, and is one of few games to focus on philosophical problems involving cloning from a pretty reasoned perspective. It's very pretty, but also is very well designed. A lot of the puzzles seem very difficult at first, but when definitely leave a sense of accomplishment when you solve them. The simplicity of it is definitely an unexpectedly challenging outcome.I'm sort of biased towards this game's positive rating and it takes me a lot to find faults with it, but there are some. There isn't really an 'evolution' of your skillset through the game and not much in terms of puzzle variety. The way to solve the puzzles is different, sure, but not the same kind of different like using a newly acquired powerup or something like that. I can understand how some would think the latter parts of this game kind of over stay their welcome, but I really enjoyed the theme that came with it."
76561198039051387,Recommended,231160,30462118,Posted: 11 March,all,mail4starzi,"I am very impressed by The Swapper. It is a wonderful puzzle game.The key mechanics are duplicate player agents between which the player can swap which agent they actively control. Several other games on Steam use a similar mechanic (where the player controls multiple agents simultaneously who all move in the same way) I've played some of these (""I and Me"" comes to mind) but The Swapper builds on this mechanic and uses it in some new and creative ways.The atmosphere is excellently done. The screenshots on the store page don't fully do it justice. You have a sense of the isolation of space and the deterioration of the space station you are exploring. The atmosphere also enhances the underlying themes of the game and the questions it raises about life, the mind and identity. You don't have to engage with any philosohpy to enjoy The Swapper. But I think it is remarkable that the developers have created both an excellent puzzle game and an experience that can cause the player to reflect on their own thoughts."
,Recommended,231160,7570159,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,TransistorN,"Interesting storyline, great storytelling, and gameplay that's actually intellectually stimulating. All I can say."
,Recommended,231160,2985553,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,-||cherohala||-,"One of the finest games I've come across, I'm not usually a big sidescroller fan but this game just captured me. The atmosphere and storyline are curious and poignant. The hand-crafted clay environments create a neat look and it's easy at times to get lost in the combo of music+setting. The puzzles can be frustrating but then again they should be, although I can't help but think that the sidescroller format doesn't take full advantage of the world's potential. This could have been flowered into a massive game in many ways, but it remains a lovely gem in its current petite form.After finishing this must say that it turned out to be one of the most emotionally and psychologically striking games I've ever come across. It dares to reach into existential no-man's land and the ending choice sums up the entire game quite expertly. This one will make its home in the back of your mind and I'll be revisiting it soon."
76561198103071022,Recommended,231160,8980440,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,David Webb,"2d Platform game, in the line of Bride, or Limbo. You must solve puzzles using a device that generates clones of yourself.Nice atmosphere, good music and story. Recomended."
76561197980120360,Recommended,231160,8698310,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Omnius,Wonderfull game. Makes my brain work.
76561198006602057,Recommended,231160,8700014,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,simyj,A very surreal and metaphysical experience
,Recommended,231160,8761969,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zakhaedrun,"This is a beautiful game between its art style, the ambient music, and the writing with great gameplay mechanics to pull it all together. I would recomend this to anybody who likes puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,231160,8707538,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,SamuelT,"A great little puzzle platformer, with a surprisingly deep message.It is not every day you hear a game talk about the ""great chain of being"", or dealing with very profound spiritual ideas and eastern and western philosophy. If you have any of those interests, you'll probably catch them here and there in this game. I think it is brave to snuck it in a game, where probably most will never catch these ideas though. But, there is no coincidence that the ""big face"" looks like a certain ""eastern religious"" figure. And the ""dialog"" found in this game has loads of philosophy/spirituality.I also noted hints, pointing out how futile culture-wars really are, and that the arguement of ""matter versus spirit"" ultimately misses the point; none replaces the other, but they complete each other. I very much agree, how refreshing!But if you have absolutely no idea of what I am talking about, don't worry. You don't have to know any of these things to enjoy this excellent game. In a way, I think those ideas are the point of the game, but they are still sneaky enough that you might never care about it and just enjoy the game, which is totally fine. And you might still find the story and the questions intriguing. Even the game mechanics should make you ask some interesting questions. And of course I think this game can be rightly interpreted in many ways, which is even greater in my mind.A really intelligent game, whith at some times very difficult puzzles, although the overall experience is not too difficult."
76561198000827007,Recommended,231160,2003960,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,lepss,Swappe Man
,Recommended,231160,8684639,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sumanji,"When I first fired this game up, it instantly struck me as a spiritual relative to Braid, which is a massive compliment. The mind-bending puzzles will stretch your brain power, whilst the ongoing existential debate adds an extra layer of perplexity and intrigue. The soundtrack is rich and provides an eerie backdrop to the whole experience. And I’m in love with the stylistic choices made in design and graphics. A masterpiece – you must play it!"
76561198021205800,Recommended,231160,9083054,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mahius,"A great indie title, where the puzzling elements don't interfere with the story. The visuals and atmosphere of the game are break-taking and the difficulty of the puzzles does increase. I personally found it replayable, since the game has 2 endings. After finishing the game it made me reflect on the themes and story, which I believe to be a good thing."
76561197991202316,Recommended,231160,1311893,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Unit13,A good puzzle game with an intresting story that keeps you coming back until you finish it. The hidden messages are a pain to get. If you want 100% completion this game will punish your dreams. The graphics are fresh and intresting to watch. I actually found the clay mation makes this a better alien setting than using normal graphics. This indie game is a gem. This is a great game and you will not want to swap it out.
76561198062397482,Recommended,231160,9086263,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,FordPrefect,"Absolutely beautiful game. Challenging puzzles, clever solutions, and an awesome and deep storyline that philosophically debates the values of the brain and mind. It looks amazing and the ideas are superb.You have to play this game. You finish it in complete awe and continue to ponder over it for ages :)"
,Recommended,231160,8797018,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,awakenedheathen,"This game is intoxicating. Its so surreal and beautiful yet has some of the best thought based puzzles ever. The controls are so concise. Its a bit philosophical too.... A lot to do with consciousness, existentialism, and reality"
,Recommended,231160,9099530,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Feedbacker,"Very good atmosphere, beautiful audiovisual design. Controls well. Puzzles range from mediocre to good, difficulty is lacking. Interesting story concept, poor execution. Worth playing if you're in the mood for a puzzle platformer, but definitely flawed."
,Recommended,231160,9053793,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,sjinadasa[LK],"Extremely beautiful game, and a nice story to go along as well. Puzzles are kept interesting till the end and the game is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,231160,9107995,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Enforce,Beautiful game... really gets you thinking if there is such thing as a soul.
76561198034277356,Recommended,231160,7589720,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Mot,THIS GAME IS CREEPY. And thats all you need to know
,Recommended,231160,10201793,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Starbuckbeak,"The Swapper has instantly become my new favourite game. The dark and lonely space atmosphere, the haunting mystery to solve, the forbodingly thought-provoking gameplay, and even the art style and music, all combine wonderfully into a seamless and immersive tapestry.The game reminds me more than a little of Metroid, with its vast map, and ability to back-track. In this game, however, you are not *required* to back-track, but instead you are given a variety of puzzles you can solve. You have to solve them all before the end, but along the way you can pick and choose; moving to a different puzze if one is giving you a hard time. This brilliantly avoids the tendency of most puzzle games to frustrate, causing one to close the game, and sometimes never return. In The Swapper, you don't have to leave, and if you're like me, you won't want to.** SPOILERS BELOW **My only desire for this game is for it to be longer. As I was nearing the end of the Theseus Station plot, I was imagining an entire new stage down on the planet, where I could learn more about the Watchers and somehow interact with them. Then after that, I envisioned, a third stage; set on a rescue ship, where your decisions influence what will happen when you reach home. The real ending was fantastic, but I wanted more of the game! (compliment, not critisism)"
76561198084141890,Recommended,231160,10219689,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,qmagnet,"Very unique concept with pretty deep sci-fi plot.  If you like exploration puzzle games, this is a good pick for you. Game mechanics are rock solid and visuals are extremely mysterious. Be warned, a few of the puzzle are quite difficult."
,Recommended,231160,10223806,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,I enjoyed this which is a visually brilliant platformer and puzzle game. It has some tough puzzles but an easy one for that 100% hunter! Definitely worth a buy and a play through. Really good storyline as well
,Recommended,231160,10689217,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,For Science!,Very nice and unique game. Gameplay time might be a bit too short (~4hours) and there isn't really any replayability.
76561198046089771,Recommended,231160,10924705,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,comfyguy.png,good game
,Recommended,231160,10883280,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,owchap,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,231160,10927244,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ペイポール (✿◠_◠),"Puzzle platforming at its best. Challenging, atmospheric, and hypnotic."
76561198060530909,Recommended,231160,10927546,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Johnny,It's a pretty fun game actually! I recommend to all my friends and to my soon to be friends! Especially for $2.99!
76561197968977253,Recommended,231160,10927712,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ericsp17,"My favorite game from 2013.  Clever puzzles that are challenging without being obtuse.  Great presentation, very unique visuals and fitting soundtrack.  The atmosphere may be it's greatest accomplishment, it reminds me alot of the first Alien movie's atmosphere.  It was worth it at full price, now on sale for $3 is a no brainer.  Give it a shot."
76561197976452542,Recommended,231160,718645,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Atlas,Magnificent!
,Recommended,231160,918407,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,BearDollars,"This game is beautiful, compelling, and just the right amount of challenging."
,Recommended,231160,564470,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,theromulans,"At last! A 2013 game that really impresses. I don't doubt that this will end up being one of my favourite titles of the year.The setting and primary gameplay mechanic work so amazingly well together. Love the story, but the puzzles are truly where it's at. Approachable puzzles, only once did I feel like I had no clue how to get through a section. I wish there were a few more brain benders throughout - or some ability to add user puzzles would be amazing.Regardless of this, this game comes highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,16339470,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DannyRodriguez,"This is the firstrealscience fiction game I have ever played. Not a game that takes place in space but one whose main focus is atmosphere and philosophy. It was grim, it was uncomfortable, it was facinating and it was a good game."
,Recommended,231160,219810,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Jools,Very clever game - well worth giving a whirl!
,Recommended,231160,4207132,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,2DGIRLS,Wonderful devs and it now works on all systems.
,Recommended,231160,15322256,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ÐĜ Eonical #TeamTampon,"This game is very well done, I love the way the story sort of reveals itself naturally throughout the game, and the puzzles are challenging, and the atmosphere is immersive. I would say 9/10."
76561197970516402,Recommended,231160,420420,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,BossJediMonkey,"What do you get when you mix LIMBO, Sci-Fi and Claymation? A brilliant indie game! Awsome atmosphere; feels very ALIEN. Awesome soundtrack. I haven't had this much fun since PORTAL. A most enjoyable MIND-♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,231160,15348100,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tiggum,"Decent, but ultimately not particularly good or interesting. Worth buying on sale if you like puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,231160,2430198,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,?!,must have
76561198036647291,Recommended,231160,16066242,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Catharsis1,"Excellent and atmospheric game that poses some interesting questions, and maybe riddles? Certainly a game with some difficult puzzles, although I've never had a puzzle game question my own morality, my sanity and even my very existence, at least in the physical sense... What is a mind?"
,Recommended,231160,16025605,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,deathday,The clay graphics look great. The plot is quite compelling and leaves you questioning the morality of the main game mechanic. The puzzles are very satisfying to solve.
76561198035328162,Recommended,231160,15816053,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,zargan,Great!
76561197969334322,Recommended,231160,16151322,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Tjoffsan,
76561197973631859,Recommended,231160,16247026,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Zoo,"This game really came out of nowhere for me, and it's one of the most surprisingly good games I have played in a while. I can only describe it as a cross between Metroid and Portal, but's it's really like neither. The gameplay is exceptionally simple and it's very easy to get to grips with. The puzzels get slightly tougher, but so far seem fair. I've barely played an hour so far but am just really blown away by this game. I am surprised it's never been done before, the concept seems so obvious. After more than 3 decades of gaming, it's great to still be amazed like this.Check it out!"
76561198001251929,Recommended,231160,16264247,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"I have this game laying on my desktop for more than a year since I bought it, my internet was down for couple of days and I  was playing every game to waste my time, I have all mistaken about this game, it's such an amazing puzzle game with nice visuals and it's something unique and genius.It's a Genius game I love it."
76561198031885618,Recommended,231160,4090171,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Dandy,Puzzle game brillant + grosse atmosphère = grand jeu.
,Recommended,231160,15629486,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ŀนқє,"It is not big, seven hours for me. I'm not much of the puzzle guy, neither I thought I would end it. But this game is incredible!! Makes me see another perspective, but the most beautiful thing, beside the strangely deep graphics, is it's philosophy context, and the mindshare concepts that were arranged in the story. Definely a great contribution to Sci-Fi.It is a game that makes you think not only solving puzzles, but wondering about life itself!"
76561197982254274,Recommended,231160,15631940,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheMathTeach3r,A 2D platformer along the lines of Portal. Puzzles range from simplistic to pull-your-hair-out difficult. There was one puzzle I could not solve and when I looked up the solution it seemed a little cheesy. Otherwise I did manage to solve the rest of the puzzles in due time. Highly recommend.
76561198006301875,Recommended,231160,16007611,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"A moody and atmospheric puzzle platformer.  Cool plot, which moves forward by hints on the nature of conciousness and identity.  Your harmless clone gun begins to seem insidious in its nature.  Definitely high concept sci-fi beyond what you normally run into in a game.The puzzles are hard, but doable.  You are often given options to put off difficult ones till later, a smart mechanic.  I really admire the kinds of mind that can put together crazy clone based puzzles like this, because my mind could barely solve them.If you like puzzlers like Braid, this is a ""Can't miss."""
76561197980156403,Recommended,231160,15974291,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Csta,Excellent game! Great music. Challenging puzzles. Cool atmosphere. The ending has two options for you to choose from. All around great game. 8.5/10
76561197986758042,Recommended,231160,9171972,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,BilllyBigBananas,"What a great game!, bags of atmosphere and style. The ""swapper"" concept really works and although some of the puzzles are tricky, they are all solveable without resorting to fist chewing frustration. A great shame that more people arent playing this as they are missing out on a unique experience."
,Recommended,231160,9173904,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,stickfight2,Excellent puzzle game that will make you feel like a terrible person. I recommend it.
,Recommended,231160,9178201,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,CeilingCat,"It's got all the creepy foreboding atmosphere of the opening section of a Metroid game, with the main thrust of the game being a 2D logic puzzles, solved by creating copies of yourself which you swap between. You don't have to complete them all in sequence but the better you do, the more new rooms and new puzzles you unlock. My favourite bit is that they touch on the moral and philosophical implications of creating copies of yourself - which is the true you, and is killing the copies morally wrong? The achievements are a little disappointing, consisting only of 10 hidden info terminals that are pretty damn hard to find, their content is interesting though and adds to the atmosphere and TBH that's the only even remotely negative thing I can say about it. Unless you have a pathological aversion to 2D puzzle games, buy this immidiately."
76561197972355237,Recommended,231160,9169289,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,mfrost,"Wow.  I love this game.  Overall, I'd say I loved the mood set in this game the most.  The wonderful music and beautiful art style and haunting story all come together to make this game entertaining and spooky at the same time.I found the puzzles challenging but not beyond my ability to figure out.  Often in games like this, I wind up being able to figure out 50% of the puzzles the others give me a headache before I can even get close to figuring out where to start.If I have one (minor) complaint, it's that the achievements are all but invisible.   Most games at least alert you in the Steam interface what you need to do.  In this case, I only stumbled upon the fact that there are (insanely) hidden rooms in different areas.   Rooms which I can't imagine how I would have ever found on my own.I loved and would highly recommend this game and its soundtrack."
,Recommended,231160,9222189,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,sincidius,Very addictive! Serene and beautiful design with smooth gameplay makes this one of my Top 5 in my library!
,Recommended,231160,9243005,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,NobleAvatar,"From the very first minute that I started playing the Swapper, I was amazed at the visual design. The backgrounds are beutiful and they have a old feeling to them. This helps immerse you in every level you go to, with the gameplay reinforcing the visuals, and vice versa. I tremendously enjoyed the experience that the Swapper allowed me to have, and I would recommend this game to people who like puzzles and platforming, or just a really great game. 9/10!"
76561197970429539,Recommended,231160,9243115,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Phacider,"Great game!  A very inventive puzzle solving game that really makes you think.  Only problems are that it is short for the price, and the replayability is for the alternate ending.  However, I would still recommend this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,231160,8952224,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Ganso,"This game has the best created puzzles I have seen in a while. The story is simple but interesting, with a plot twist in the end. The art is beautiful, it has a solitude feeling that you seek to overcome through the game as you uncover what happened to the people in the space station. I recommend this game to everyone!"
,Recommended,231160,8956878,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,reljaz,Really GREAT and smart game. Buy it
76561197979579922,Recommended,231160,9188936,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TheBradford,"This game is gorgeous and has amazing, unsettling sound design. Make sure you've got your subwoofer on before playing. It's short, linear, and there's no handholding. Note: There is zero action and I wouldn't call it a platformer either, this game is puzzles wrapped in a creepy story.  The puzzles are difficult but fair. And the story is a bit more cerebral than your typical space adventure. Well worth the time."
76561198009903018,Recommended,231160,9197582,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Corwin86,"A miracle of game...Not a puzzle game, or a pure adventure one... simply the best game of 2013, impeccable and fascinating story, innovative puzzles, moral choices (and the way is only one...)!Skyrim is a great game, this is simply part of gaming history..."
,Recommended,231160,9002832,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sprite,"Some of the puzzles are really hard, but with the help of your self-cloning/swapper device you can figure it all out! The only question is, is it really you in the end? My only gripe with the game is that once you beat the game you can't go back as there is a checkpoint at the credits. That said, you can pretty much speed run through the game to get any secrets you missed and the alternate ending like I did. Overall, very fun puzzle game with a universe that I would love to see expanded upon in the future."
,Recommended,231160,9065759,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TomoxmSVK,"Just mindblowing, amazing game with some nice and some hard puzzles, but it can be done without frustration. The game has nice atmosphere, if you like puzzle games, buy it!"
76561198064635815,Recommended,231160,9040200,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BattleHamster,"This is an excellent game in pretty much every aspect.  Some of the puzzles are actually quite difficult, which is refreshing.  The puzzle mechanic is also pretty unique.  And, just in case that's not enough, the artistic elements were also extremely well done.  The storyline, models, lighting, and subtle use of music all came together to make a game that's incredibly enjoyable.  This game is definitely in my top 5 for 2013."
,Recommended,231160,9063335,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ScaryMagus,"There are three types of challenging puzzle games: those with easy to recognise solutions but are hard to execute, those that are hard because the solution is arbitrary, and those that are hard because the solution is a brain melter but easy to execute once the puzzle is solved. I think only the latter is worth my time and the The Swapper is probably the best example of this type of puzzle game since Braid (perhaps not coincidentally, it was funded by the organisation set up by Jonathan Blow).To put the icing on the cake, the atmosphere is forboding and the narrative deep and closely tied to the central game mechanic.Highly recommend this title."
76561197970366444,Recommended,231160,9554735,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ChiCho4EVA,A really good good game. I have had a lot of with it. I think its like a mix of Braid with a the atmosphare of dead space and a touch of Metroid.
,Recommended,231160,6359864,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Noodlepiss,"This game is beautiful, but the shading is too much for my PC. The framerate is like a slideshow, if your PC has the guts to run it, this game is well worth a try."
,Recommended,231160,5307237,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,DQP,"It's a beautiful puzzle platformer as revolutionary as Portal or Braid. It's tragic that this game has flown under the radar, as it's one of the best and most unique titles of the year. Comes highly recommended."
76561198015532080,Recommended,231160,9620200,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,MRClarke1987,Really enjoyed this one!
,Recommended,231160,1664313,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Nemorov,"Absolutely gorgeous, brilliant little puzzle game. Stunning visuals, a haunting soundtrack and sometimes brutal puzzles. It was tight and well constructed.I highly recommend picking this one up."
76561197973938427,Recommended,231160,9460790,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Shamus the Idiot Shark,"When I first witnessed the trailer for this game immediately I put it on my wishlist. And needless to say as soon as I got it I was not disapointed. The game's story is an aura of a creepy ""what the hell happened here"" isolation that you're character plays.When I diverged into its atmospheric gameplay I found the controls very smooth feeling for the type of game that this is, the way this game works is as if the Portal games and old school Metroid bumped into each other.You're dependant on using a weapon that clones your character but they also follow your exact same movements. I like that you can switch between each clone and that you have to solve a puzzle with the number of clones you're allowed to display and work with each puzzle that hinders at least one thing towards your success.The sound and once in a while music fits with the complete feeling of isolation, fear and comfort all at the same time. The storyline is very driving, it almost confuses you but makes you feel like you're aware of what's going on and that several times you feel a sense of danger but safe space which is surprising for a game to accomplish.I practically have nothing bad to say about this game, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,231160,1227710,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Ale & Yorsh,"Absolutely fantastic puzzle game. Great desolate atmosphere, completely morally messed up game mechanics and a classic Metroidvania sense of exploration.Along with Waking Mars Im really digging this new trend of ""dude in space suit explores creepy alien world with crazy game mechanics"" games."
,Recommended,231160,9404989,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,jimothyjim,"tl;dr at the bottom.I just finished this game in one sitting (somewhere between 4 and 5 hours) and I can definitely recommend it. It's a little short, however, it's also a good puzzle game so it's definitely forgiveable. Each puzzle felt unique in some way, and while there was never too many mechanics at once, it does increase the complexity along the way. The difficulty was actually about perfect for me, I got stuck on 2 puzzles but ended up being able to solve them without a walkthrough. I wouldn't say it was an easy game at all, but the difficulty scales up at a healthy rate so solving puzzles is generaly satisfying but you shouldn't feel out of your depth. For the mostpart, platforming isn't as much of a focus as the puzzle solving, and with the ability to slow time you shouldn't feel put off if you're not a great platform jumper.The atmosphere is  great, and the story is interesting if a little understated. Most of the backstory will come through computer logs and it will require a bit of piecing the parts together. If you read them, you should have a fairly good idea of what's going on by the end of the game, and there's plenty of gaps left for you to decide some of the finer details on your own. The graphics and the sound seem designed to compliment said atmosphere, and the clay animations and ambient sound does a great job.tl;dr: Well balanced puzzle game, great atmosphere, definitely worth a purchase. If you're a bit broke and  looking for money/time you might want to wait for a sale, but I can assure you it's a good quality game so buying at full price shouldn't disappoint you."
,Recommended,231160,7569441,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Ducks don't deserve genitals,"I've never seen a game with such a uniqe and amazing art style, gameplay, and story. Possibly the best game I've ever played"
,Recommended,231160,9405972,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ravenLee_,"Beautifully crafted platform/puzzle game with a challenging and original puzzles combined with a wonderfully crafted world. It's very much worth playing through once, but I don't see any replay value in the game."
76561198052536912,Recommended,231160,9407534,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Ablation,"Really good puzzler with an atmospheric and surprisingly philosophical story. Cool swapping and gravity mechanics set the design apart and make the puzzles challenging but definitely solvable. Easy to come back to puzzles later if you feel like moving onto something else (you can always have a couple unsolved and still be able to move on). The backing soundtrack suits the beautiful art design as well; it's a tiny bit creepy but mostly you just feel... alone.Relatively short at maybe 5-6 hours (my playtime of 8-9 hours had a lot of time where I was actually not at the PC), but definitely pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,231160,9482824,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,vacri,Fantastically atmospheric puzzler with an emerging storyline concerning the nature of the soul. The gameplay reminded me a lot of Vessel.
,Recommended,231160,9365074,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bakkensota,Was okay..
,Recommended,231160,7534732,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Nathorus,"The Swapper is a very unquie puzzle game set in a sci-fi fantasy world. You explore an abandoned space station and solve puzzles with a device called the ""Swapper"" which essentially makes copies of yourself that you can use in various ways by swapping bodies. The graphics set a mysterious atmosphere as you uncover the truth behind the history of the device and the station which you explore. Many of the puzzles seem easy at first but as you continue to progress they become more and  more challangeing. Swapper is definatly worth a play through."
,Recommended,231160,4971667,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Loki,Worth every penny. ^w^
,Recommended,231160,1266256,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,omgggg clarissa,"This game is awesome. Looks great, very atmospheric, and the puzzles are AMAZING."
76561198067633120,Recommended,231160,13206959,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Daniel,"One of the most memorable games I've played in the last few years. It excels everywhere it tries, except for its title. Wonderful presentation, great story, well-designed puzzles, fantastic atmosphere, perfect pacing and length... The Swapper was one of the most satisfying gaming experiences I've had."
76561197989959921,Recommended,231160,16673016,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lasek,"The Swapper gameplay is quite unique, and will make your brain struggle at times, which is very rewarding in the end.The graphics and sounds manage to picture the opressing atmosphere of an abandonned spaceship.Difficulty increases perfectly along the game, the first steps are not boring and some puzzles in the end quite harsh.The story is usually anecdotic in this kind of game, but this one manages to implement an interesting universe and ""plot"".Bad points maybe to really low luminosity and a few crashes. Other than that, this game is an ace."
76561198192758663,Recommended,231160,16723012,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,aklight_47,"This game gives you that awesome feeling of solitude. Although there are no enemies in the game to fight, the amazing graphics and music produce a creepy atmosphere that makes you think something will pop out at you. It's definitely a game worth playing and great for puzzles and casual play. My only criticism is that there is no upgrade path for your gear in the game. It's only the puzzles that evolve, but not your character, so it might get a little boring in that regard.Overall, this game is great and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,231160,16607758,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sadam,"Buy this game. it is beautiful, ambient, dark, and challenging. It strives to stand among the great puzzle platformers. I struggled to put it down."
76561197993137394,Recommended,231160,1424190,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,St. Anger,Simply awesome!!!!
,Recommended,231160,16592648,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Khaezaid,"This game has simple but unique mechanis. It was fun and both endings were interesting. The story is otherwise very linear, but still mildly interesting. The puzzles were mostly pretty easy, but got fairly difficult towards the end. I'd rate this 8/10."
,Recommended,231160,16763098,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,orangesandmilk,very good puzzle game
76561197964522341,Recommended,231160,186313,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Vostok,Reeeeeeeeally awesome puzzle game.  If you liked Braid you'll like this as well.
,Recommended,231160,16759046,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jollyca,"I was drawn to ""The Swapper"" by the interesting game mechanics - cloning and swapping, and the fact that is an indie title that looks good (not a lot of those around). After finishing the game I must say... I got a lot more than I bargained for.The puzzles are interesting and quite challenging, requiring you to master the art of ""clone 'n' swap"" to perfection. You don't have any enemies, there are no boss fights, there are no impossible tasks - you just have to get away from the space station. During the game you realize what ""swapping"" actually means from a philosophical standpoint - you clone and you swap souls with the clone - is that still you? Is it moral to just take over someone else's body, be it your clone? You must ask yourself at the very end of this ""two-alternative-endings"" game. My only regret is that I have to play throught the whole game again to play the ""alternate"" ending.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,16571142,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JustAnotherDecoy,"I love this game.  The art style is fantastic: backgrounds, characters, and curious geological forms are all nicely visualized and the bloom features make it all so pretty and moody.The gameplay felt good, and the progression of difficulty felt pretty natural as new puzzle elements were introduced.  I did admittedly find myself stumped for a few hours by the last three puzzles to the point of needing a strategy guide, but it feels good to know that a game like this can still give me a serious challenge.The story though, I liked it most of all.  Heavy science fiction mingling with philosophical ponderies is just what the doctor ordered.So yeah, puzzling platforming, fine visuals, and a great story to boot, you should probably pick this up if those are things you admire in a game."
76561197970840537,Recommended,231160,16746471,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,infin,"An excellent, atmospheric puzzler.  The surprisingly deep narrative ties in perfectly with the simple gameplay mechanics and unique presentation.  Particularly for a game with such a 'handcrafted' aesthetic, eveything feels remarkably tight.  The Swapper deserves additional bonus points if you're versed in philosophy, particularly philosophy of the mind.  Although this isn't really a horror experience, you are likely to find yourself deeply unsettled as you play (in a good way).The puzzles themselves, with the exception of a few of the final ones, aren't terribly taxing; but they still provide enough of a challenge to maintain the inertia of the experience.  This game could have been longer again by half and still held my interest.My one gripe would be that the achievements (which involve finding hidden terminals) felt like an artificial means of extending the play time.  Some of the achievement locations made intuitive sense / provided environmental clues, but others seemed to require the player to scour every edge of every room in the hope of stumbling upon a hidden area.  Ultimately, I ended up cheating and using a guide to find most of these."
76561197970374357,Recommended,231160,16623262,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,123,A very refreshing game. If you enjoy puzzles games you must try.With joystick much better!
,Recommended,231160,16408707,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,Good puzzles.  Coherent presentation.  Narrative is whatever.  Worth playing once.
,Recommended,231160,16428615,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ghretto,This game is enjoyable. Interesting concept and fun puzzles.
76561198028176273,Recommended,231160,8926801,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,slayersmylle,"This is no game for trigger-happy youngsters. It is a beautiful, atmospheric, philosophical slow-paced puzzle game that doesn't take you by the hand to get through to the end. It just gives you a set of tools and some basic applications for them as well as a lot of time to figure out all the ways you can use and combine them. The captivating and haunting story unfolds little by little and leaves you pondering your existence for hours or even days afterward you finished the game."
76561197966827232,Recommended,231160,8927036,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dictator Guns,"An incredible, immersive and challenging puzzle game that makes you question just how far you'd go to save yourself over others.The musical score is one of the best I've heard in a game, not too overpowering and timed to perfection,  It enhances the entire experience."
,Recommended,231160,8902670,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Pursued by Bees,"The Swapper is unique, fun and has some rather challenging puzzles - though never too hard to make you quit in frustration. Heartily recommended if you like puzzle games even a little."
76561198003123717,Recommended,231160,8904668,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Polyorchid,"I have not had brain hurt like this since Braid.  The art is unique and, in harmony with the soundtrack, sets the tone for the story very well."
76561198045133849,Recommended,231160,8896788,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,One of the best puzzle games I have played ever.
,Recommended,231160,8859152,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[CPC]Cabfire,"Nice Puzzle game here.Great mood  inside, kinda lost in space here. The puzzle are pretty difficult for someone who don't have the habbit (aka myself) The game length seem pretty short, 4 to 6 hours, but i fighted myself enough with the last puzzles to double that length.Any way, nice game with a particular artistic direction."
,Recommended,231160,8859822,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kiki Jones,"I played it from start to end straight... I couldn't stop without seing the end... It's just the one and only proof that that game rocked. A lot of mystery, no brain torturing puzzles (mmh except one or two) and the precise gameplay. I really loved it."
,Recommended,231160,8862018,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Motorzilla,"A stunning claymation creation with an evocative, peaceful score, The Swapper is just tricky enough to prove a bit of a challenge while still keeping you feeling good about yourself for actually figuring out its some fifty puzzles. The mechanics are simple, movement is intuitive and for a platformer I was genuinely stoked by the thought-provoking storyline dealing with one of our darkest personal riddles: what constitutes individual consciousness? And furthermore, discovering those parameters, what could possibly happen if we replicated it..?"
76561198029241940,Recommended,231160,3928409,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Zenafar,nice puzzle
,Recommended,231160,8862910,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,oinkeroxford,"I cannot emphasize how much fun I am having with this game. I love the graphics and the haunting music that floats through the rooms in the game. The puzzles are very fun to figure out and while you may have to try them several times to figure them out or get the timing right, this game never becomes frustrating. I am not sure if its worth the sticker price since I don't know how long the game is, but if its on sale in the future you should definitely get this game. 9/10."
76561197970996397,Recommended,231160,11815069,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Furwy,10 / 10. Brilliant. Immersion and story score in this game is through the roof. Some puzzles do actually require out-of-the-box thinking.
,Recommended,231160,10531814,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rob,"Oh. My. God. Have you not played this game yet? Why? It is absolutely stunningly beautiful. The graphics are entirely made of clay, and the soundtrack? DAMN. Not to mention the insane, complex storyline. The dialogue is thought provoking and brings the characters to life. I used to think the ""Portal"" series was the best puzzle games ever. Now... I just don't know. Chell might have a run for her money. 10/10 would replay (have)."
76561197968391903,Recommended,231160,11774950,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,chris,"Excellent, thought provoking, and really engrossing. The puzzles varied in difficulty but all were doable and caught my interest. The soundtrack and graphics were fantastic. Also, this is one of the few games that when you finish it's easy to keep thinking about the storyline and plot."
76561197970502194,Recommended,231160,11776503,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,jfever,"Not incredibly far in but loving the ambiance and game mechanics. Art design is solid and engrossing, as is the audio. So far so good - it's a sci-fi Braid for me so far. Will update."
,Recommended,231160,7378082,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Harekiet,Nice puzzler!
,Recommended,231160,12221537,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,M Joshua,"""I’ve fallen and died too many times to count. Still, I remain alone. Now, in this corrupt 'new life,' I am lost. I can’t imagine life without the swapper. As much as I hate my life now, I’m afraid I still love it far too much.If anyone finds this note, let this be a warning. Don’t use this tool. Your soul is not a toy to be tossed around. You will find yourself ensnared by the conceit of its power. If you are wise, you will destroy it, as I was unable to do.""Read more:http://gamechurch.com/shedding-my-old-self-in-the-swapper/"
,Recommended,231160,11013073,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dirax,"While short, The Swapper is an excelent puzzle game.  The mechanics are well put together and the puzzles make you think but arent so difficult that you will need a walkthrough.  The story is fairly predictable and it doesnt really seem to delve into the deeper consequences of swapping between clones, but that doesnt cause it to fail in any regard (they do explore the idea of a soul from both sides of the argument a bit, but nothing that I can see offending anyone).  The achievements are something youll probably need a walkthrough for, just because some of them are very hard to find or notice without one, but those are readily available on steam and elsewhere.My only real complaint is i would have liked more puzzles.  The swapping mechanic is really fun to play around with and I think more could have been done with it than what was.Overall, a very fun single mechanic puzzle game.  I would compare it to Fez and Portal personaly, though I dont know if it quite stacks up to them in terms of content."
76561198038329410,Recommended,231160,11046918,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sylveon,"Actually enjoyed this game a lot, even though I'm not great at puzzles.Pros:+ Atmospheric+ Engaging Story+ Good voice acting+ Nice graphics/animation style+ Gradually increasing challenge in puzzles+ Interesting game mechanics+ Subtle musicNeutral:- Many text logs explaining the storyCons:- Predictable ending"
76561197991756527,Recommended,231160,11048515,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,de_eL,"Like the athmosphere, subtle light and color changes in the background, the mechanic sometimes tickles my brain more then I had expected. Achievements are a bust for me, though. Couldn't make any sense of them and didn't do one by chance.For all the slower paced people who don't need 64 people shooting at them, this will keep you happy for a while. I like it very much. A 'coldheartedly discarded clones' counter would have been nice :)."
76561198010687016,Recommended,231160,11393335,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Izjeen,What an awesome game. They managed to capture a phenomenal atmoshpere and storyline and lix in some top class puzzles and unique systems. A very entertaining game!
,Recommended,231160,11093231,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Cubik,"TL;DR: Great Atmosphere, Great puzzles on a new platforming aspect, good design of said puzzles, story could be elaborated a little more clearly, but hardly becomes an issue, took me 4 hours to beat, not much replay value other than playing one more time to get a better understanding of the plot, still a great game.This was a great puzzle platformer, probably one of my favorites as of recently. It provides a fresh new puzzle element and builds upon it nicely. New concepts are introduced as the game progresses and overall difficulty ramps nicely in my opinion. The game is designed specifically that some puzzles can be skipped, which is good for the one puzzle that will have you thoroughly stumped.The atmosphere was very immersive, I loved how much it instilled a sense of exploring a derelict space station and the darkness with a few splashes of colored floodlights really sends home the desolate nature of the station, I was thoroughly invested in its aesthetics.The story itself provides some very interesting moral concepts that you experience first hand. I found it a little difficult to figure out some plot elements as they were being relayed and feel like some points could have been driven home a little more succinctly, but it hardly lessens the game overall.The game is not too lengthy, it only took me about 4 hours to complete, but I can see it taking more or less time based on how quickly the puzzle aspects are grasped. There isn't really any replay value in this game. I decided to play it one more time just to get a better understanding of the plot as some moments reference moments that happened at the start of the game, which I missed the first time throughOverall, I loved this game, highly recommend for anyone who likes puzzles, platformers, or anything related to the Metroid franchise."
,Recommended,231160,11094304,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,I Wear A Toupee,"Amazing game so far, if you're a fan of puzzle games like the Portal series then you'll love this game.When I first saw this game come out I was excited to play it, but apprehensive about the quality of the game, however after buying it on sale recently I can safely say that the game is definitely worth your money.Although amazing on the whole, I have to say that the story of the game is sometimes hard to follow, and could've been a bit more fleshed out in general, although the game makes up for this with it's atmosphere.The graphics are also notable, with it's amazing use of FOV and lighting effects, it makes for a truly enchanting experience.If I had to give this game a rating, I'd give it between 9 and 10/10."
,Recommended,231160,6249379,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,xzalla,great game
,Recommended,231160,8311973,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,this-maciek-moment,"The relationship between gameplay and narrative/setting in the Swapper is amazing. Several games use cloning as a core mechanic, but I've never felt as disturbed by sacrificing my clones as in this game"
,Recommended,231160,8582209,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,loclhst,"awesome game.  plenty of challenges. now, how about a multiplayer version....now that would be challenging!"
,Recommended,231160,8582693,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CheeseMaster,damn
76561198116643888,Recommended,231160,8583823,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Capitão Fracassa,"Amazing game!!! Superb platformer, space genera. Everyone should play this one!"
,Recommended,231160,8584161,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wats-it-to-ya,"A simple puzzle game with a thought provoking concept.  If you can create clones and swap minds, which one is really you, does it matter?"
,Recommended,231160,8584721,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Flitzel,So addicting!
,Recommended,231160,7332485,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,KisK,"With superb soundtrack and visuals, The Swapper is a puzzle game which can drive you insane along with its mysterious plot, but it's all worthy."
76561198108874712,Recommended,231160,9867471,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The Doldrums,"Smoke a bowl, play this game."
76561198043112708,Recommended,231160,9996544,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Rektugees69,"i haven't played a game this beautiful in a while amazing envoroments, great score, soild gameplay and interesting puzzles"
76561198061885955,Recommended,231160,9996703,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,El_Colombiano,Absolutely brillant ! very original gameplay.
,Recommended,231160,7628762,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,[C.R.E.A.M.] audio vicious,"""Tell me who I just ejected into space!"" .... ""Copies of copies of copies.""A wonderful game that really borders more on ""experience"" than it does ""game"". One of the better indie or puzzle games I've played, with an excellent story and atmosphere, with art that is all made from common household items (clay, soup cans, etc.), the game is beautiful to look at, and to play."
76561197968691239,Recommended,231160,8729627,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,cognitium,"Go buy this game now. Don't wait for a sale, pay full price; its worth it for a six hour game near the quality level of portal.Puzzles are completed by swapping your ""soul"" in and out of clones. The puzzles are straight forward while still being interesting. I spent an average of 5 minutes per puzzle.The game effectivly conveys the atmosphere of an empty space station, and the art style is something like claymation with particle effects."
,Recommended,231160,11108106,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Donkee,Pretty cool game. Interesting puzzles and intriguing story. I like the visual style. Background noises and music were a little too loud and I had to strain to hear dialogue sometimes.
76561198024045646,Recommended,231160,11858376,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,jstagn,"I've played so many games that I'm starting to become jaded, thinking I've played it all.  Dishonored is just another Deus Ex.  Skyrim is just another Morrowind.  GTA5 is just another GTA3.  Rock band is Amplitude.  But...The Swapper is The Swapper.I finally installed it from my owned-for-months-but-never-played steam library shelf, and I'm glad I did.  The mechanic the developer introduces is very unique, and they continually throw variations of the environment at you to bend your mind in different ways.That said, your loadout is set from the get go.  You don't earn to ability to make more clones or jump higher.  Thankfully you don't need that, and knowing that you have everything you need to solve a puzzle makes you face it more confidently.  Compare that with some MetroidVanias that have you second guessing if you're tooled enough to solve a problem, backtracking, and ultimately having several puzzles that feel like dead ends.  There are no dead ends here, just your mental inflexibility.  Keep stretching, and you'll get satisfaction from every puzzle.On the downside, the achievements are pretty ridiculous.  Spoiler, though I doubt anyone will achieve all of them through diligence alone:They are all hidden consoles, very hidden, that give more storyline.  None of the achievements are  related to decisions you make or don't make throughout the game, or the number of puzzles you solve.  Remember in Wolfenstein 3D when you had to ""open"" every single wall texture to see if there are secret stashes behind them?  You'd have to do that same approach here to have a chance at finding all the consoles.  Back when I was nine years old I had the time or the patience for that crap.  Now, I just youtubed them.To end on a positive, the game is pretty philosophical.  You can ignore it if that's not your thing, but if it is, get ready for some serious ethics, and to ponder: what is conciousness?"
,Recommended,231160,11852824,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Doctor Casa,"An absolute Gem. This is a splendid game. I is difficult and yet quite fun, and experiencing it all was phenomenal! I want to thank the two amazing people who made this game, and let them know I'll wait on the edge of my seat in hope of a sequel."
,Recommended,231160,12781919,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Leviticus-Prime,"Amazing.  I loved the creative narritive built into this puzzle platformer.  This title, for me, was a game that I could not put down.  Will definately play through again."
,Recommended,231160,12908647,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CaramelUnicorn,"Great fun, interesting puzzles, cool theme!"
,Recommended,231160,12880486,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,zeezailor,Super atmospheric puzzle-platformer with unique puzzles. Philosophical plot and eerie ambient soundtrack means The Swapper stays with you long after you finish it.
76561198029669648,Recommended,231160,12885202,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Flower Power,"This game has THE best ambience and atmostphere that I've ever experienced in a platformer. It's also beautifully crafted and the puzzles are exciting. There is no need for me to write a whole review, just buy this game for the love of god."
,Recommended,231160,641261,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,newunit13,This game is freaking amazing! Any one who has a fondness for puzzlers should definitely give this one a shot.
76561198091551735,Recommended,231160,12603253,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Liandra,"The Swapper is an interesting puzzler, but the real reason the Swapper is so good is the story. It's a simple concept - a device that allows you to clone yourself and then swap your conscious will to the clones - but it brings with it all sorts of sticky questions that have no clear answers. I loved the instant immersion into a completely unknown world, and all the revelations as you piece together the truth from lonely terminals. The puzzle difficulty can get challenging, but it never overstays its welcome. The art was hand-crafted and you can see the hundreds of hours of love put into it. The ending - whichever one you choose - will leave you questioning your decisions for hours afterwards.TLDR; Good puzzles, excellent story and art, well-presented moral questions. Well worth the price."
76561198091542029,Recommended,231160,12831243,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Greenjerk,awesome game! sanks!
76561198147482496,Recommended,231160,12727135,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TDFwarrior80,Awesome game! No more to be said... download it!
,Recommended,231160,12728751,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,theenvioustoad,"There's no point reading the reviews. This game is worth any amount of money. It has an amazing soundtrack, which will make you stop playing the game just to it. It's got wonderfull mechanics, unlike any other. What more do you want? Go and buy this game right now!"
,Recommended,231160,2663379,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Shipstar,"One of the best puzzle games I've played. Clever and haunting, I wish I could swap brains with someone else and play it again for the first time."
76561198082175765,Recommended,231160,12721371,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cooper,"Mixed feelings about this one. Not a big fan of puzzle games (by that I mean I sorta hate them), The Swapper does nothing to change that. However, I enjoyed this game for its rich atmosphere and its mystery. 5.5/10"
76561198025499920,Recommended,231160,12796791,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bookshot,"Great from interesting hook beginning to brutal dilemma ending. It has a creepy atmosphere, interesting puzzles, and an unsettling mystery - and the claymation visuals are unique and beautiful. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,231160,12805173,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hudeus,Do you like quality puzzles of all levels of difficulty?Do you propose existential questions to yourself?If your answer is yes to either or both of these questions buy this game!
,Recommended,231160,1079042,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Comrade Jesus,"Atmospheric, atmospheric and atmospheric again. One of the greatest indie puzzles on my mind, really challenging, it'll force your grey matter to work hard, much more than Portal.Inspired by Kubrick's Odyssey, Moon 2112 and Tarkovsky's Solaris, awesome mix.Graphics are stylish, but not so good at first look, until I understood, that all of the game was handmade of clay with a little post-processing...."
,Recommended,231160,15222188,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,clodpated,"Just challenging enough, great story and atmosphere. Beautiful game."
,Recommended,231160,15223140,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,andrewbassler,"A great puzzle game, That rambles on and on about philosophy of mind, I get it Daniel Dennet, David Chalmers, whatever. I just want to feel smart when I solve a clever puzzle; not feel stupid when I go on to youtube to find the solution to a puzzle I SPENT HOURS OVERTHINKING!  Oh sure this game has simple mechanics which allows you to solve some really awesome upside down solw mo gravity flipping clone making clone swapping box pulling puzzles. And the difficulty amps up nicely as different color lighting interferes with your ability to make a clone or swap places with your clone.  Keeping the variety of puzzles interesting and challenging.  The game also has an interesting enviroment with great ambiance too I love how the entire world is connectied.  Keeps the game unified and gives it a real sense of place. And even the philosophy of mind snippets from the the game characters named after the aformentioned philosophers only add to the thematic integrity of this game.  Does this sound pretencious? Well maybe it is but Its still a great puzzle game and I would love to see a sequel."
76561197995721380,Recommended,231160,15251203,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Anonymous,"Great atmosphere, Great puzzles and Great soundtrack. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,16039081,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,mbrochh,"Very good game. Three or four puzzles had me grinding my teeth for a while but other than that you make constant progress and get to the end quite fast. Would recommend, but I don't think it has a lot of re-play value."
,Recommended,231160,15920147,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jep1104,Fun puzzler with a good difficulty scale and an interesting and mysterious story
76561198069139915,Recommended,231160,10798047,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,//slash,"An enjoyable puzzle platformer video game that is side-scrolling. This allows you to vastly explore the world and areas provided. The puzzles increase steady in the amount of thought that need to be put into solving them. Also the beginning puzzles just get you used to the movement and controls, which i think was integrated effectively with out babying the player through each move. The objective is collect all these orbs to unlock the next area. The overrall story line for this game, is that humanity exhausted al its resources and the minerals or rocks they have been farming for earth have started to possess the space station inhabitants dreams and a group callled the ""Watchers"" sit idley by as u complete ur puzzels and explore the world for the apropriate time to intervene.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,231160,15801669,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,basgaan,bir kaç bulmaca dışında kolay olsa da harika
,Recommended,231160,10934108,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Väinö,Just brilliant
76561198003968178,Recommended,231160,10897752,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ChunkyOprah,"If you are a fan of puzzle games, The Swapper is a must have. Decent story, good ending and puzzles that will challenge you. The only cons I have is that I beat it in 4 hours and there really isn't any reason to replay it. But this is pretty standard in the puzzle genre. I picked it up for 3 bucks and at that price, it far exceeded my expectations."
,Recommended,231160,599782,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,[Boomshank],"If you like mind-benders, this one's for you.It's a great puzzle game that keeps you thinking. Simple but beautifully refreshing graphics. The control is intuitive and simple and it all gels together to make a really nice package.On the downside, the gameplay can feel a little monotonous towards the end as it's the same puzzle principle all the way through, even though the dificulty increases nicely to keep you on your toes.Overall - great price, nicely done."
,Recommended,231160,640869,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,TDMX595,"A solid platformer/puzzler with a neat mechanic and fantastic atmosphere.  Not a lot of replay value, but definitely worth the trip through once or twice.  I loved it, and if you enjoyed Limbo, Braid, etc. I think you'll enjoy this too."
,Recommended,231160,14066834,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Evil Stifler,Spectacular story indie games
,Recommended,231160,14069828,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,A-list Asian,Very visually appealing and the puzzles are unique. Worth a try.
76561198077942975,Recommended,231160,14015347,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tkrisz1981,"It's a fun to paly a sidscroller with puzzles, it has a good atmospheric music and setting. The graphics are fine not modern but it has a lot of art,, the soundtrack is wonderfull. I did like the storry and especially the ending."
76561198012031982,Recommended,231160,13993383,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Scorp18,"This game is a real jewel. The story about the ""thinking"" stones is really interesting if you follow it, the graphics and the soundtrack add a melancholy feeling and the puzzles are very well done. It's the type of game that you feel you're really inside it. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,231160,13842768,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nadir,"The story waves its hands a little too much for my liking, but the gameplay more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,231160,13880855,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,qbar,Very fun game with some challenging puzzles.
,Recommended,231160,13947029,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,charginglasers,"Creepy visuals, intriguing story, and inventive puzzles. The puzzles are the main draw, but I loved the story as well: atmospheric, contemplative, and horrifying in turns. Greatly enjoyed this on several levels. Loved both of the endings. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,13794236,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,m0s,+ Original concept+ Gameplay+ Balanced difficulty+ Puzzles+ Storyline+ Ambience+ Music+ No violence/killing- Animations
,Recommended,231160,12758725,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Warp Speed,"I couldn't get this to run intially with my older laptops but it works fine when you set Steam/Settings/Beta/compatibility.(Graphics Symtom- will show a loading bar and does finish, but then after this it will have a full  blank screen with a small central 50 x 50mm section where you can see the mouse curser only. The community overlay function does work (Shift tab). )So worked on my Computer 64bit dual core processer. 4GBRAM & HD4570 card. Win7It also tested ok on a 32bit 2core duo processor. 2GBRAM & GF8400 card. VistaThe game itself is a lot of fun, has no stressful time pressures and no violence- fine to let young kids play. The skills and tactics of cloning & moving yourself/s to solve the puzzle screen areas are learnt in a very well constructed linear way. One thing I didn't realise you meant to do to aquire achievements was to scan for secret areas - make sure you start early on that.If you get stuck steam forums have walkthrough answers etc but generaly you will be fine working them out with patience. Enjoy"
76561197994082312,Recommended,231160,12951110,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Speldy,I cried. An amazing game.
76561198007957323,Recommended,231160,12939768,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BigWhiskeyPatron,"A wonderfully atmospheric, low-key puzzle-platformer. There's a bunch of 'Substance Dualism' nonsense in the story, but also some interesting science fiction concepts as well. The short length is apt; making sure the oncept never outstays its welcome. Overall, the fantastic puzzles and aesthetic make this one very much worth playing."
,Recommended,231160,12966737,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,stfmnsl,"I love it when a game does not explain everything. The Swapper is beautifully on every level, and let the player figure out the game mechanics. Every puzzle is different, and forces the player to think, try, fail and adjust. A delight for the eyes, the ears, and mostly the mind."
76561198019422274,Recommended,231160,12969035,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,michal.pastier,Beautiful art direction!
,Recommended,231160,12972143,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Parabola,"Game length: the right one for this kind of story. 2/2Puzzle dynamism: platforms; easy, normal and hard ones; no repetition. Satisfying. 1,8/2Visual and Sound Design: preeeeetty good. Fits perfectly with the game style and story. 2/2Game mechanics: really original imho, with a great potential, well profited in this game. 1,8/2Story: original, emotional, deep and fastinating. Makes you think about!! 1,8/2A high quality/price game, completely worth it.9,4/10"
,Recommended,231160,383902,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Mr Flibster,"The Swapper nails that feeling of absolute isolation, and the fact it's set alongside the backdrop of deep space is just a bonus. It constantly reminds me of films such as Silent Running and Solaris.It has an atmosphere that creeps up on you, almost imperceptibly. I can't recommend it enough, to say too much would be to spoil it."
,Recommended,231160,11413856,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Great multitasking training. On the one hand, you're solving crazy platforming & physics puzzles. On the other, you're contemplating the meaning of existence when the physical form no longer holds value and the barriers between identities blur.Great game, and just the right length. ""Fascinating"" seems like the most apt word for it."
76561197989250408,Recommended,231160,1208363,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Zanzibar,Beautiful and poignant
,Recommended,231160,13015015,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MishKa,Awesome climatic adventure you won't forget any time soon. Plus some great original puzzles :)
76561198029635361,Recommended,231160,13076110,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Naps,"So good, must play!"
76561197972307001,Recommended,231160,13209344,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,mattxc,Great puzzle game with a compelling story and emotional tone!  This was a nice break from the 20+ hour epic games I had been playing.
,Recommended,231160,7528008,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,TASc,"Pretty cool! Fun, tricky puzzles, nice atmosphere... graphics are very unique."
,Recommended,231160,13211526,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,TuftyIndigo,"A little short at four hours (the developers say 4-10 depending on how hard you find the puzzles), but that's all a beautifully crafted experience with no filler. At its core this is just another puzzle-platformer with an interesting mechanic, like LogiGun, but that's like saying Portal is an FPS with an unusual weapon. This game tells a good sf story and sets up a framework for a discussion around identity and the age-old debate about the existence of an external soul.It reminded me very much of a Metroid game: the side-scrolling platformness and tunnel exploration like old-school Metroid (but without the pew-pew-pew), while a lot of the story is presented through text on ""memory terminals"", like scanning all the consoles in the Metroid Prime trilogy. The plot development of the scientists experimenting with the swapper and investigating the rocks has a lot of the same feel as the space pirates' log entries about experimenting on the metroids. It hints at a lot of background that isn't shown, and lets you imagine what disasters happened before you arrived. That said, the game isn't all just text, and what voice work there is is very good.The game works with XBox- and Playstation-layout controllers, as well as mouse/kb. I played it on an x360 pad but I do have to say this game isn't a ""ten foot"" experience for a TV. Because of the atmospheric graphics, and the fine control you need for a few of the puzzles, it's quite hard to see everything and play effectively if you're across the room; I much preferred being at my PC directly. Even so, it's easily something you could play with a child or sibling as ""co-pilot"": the puzzles are about planning how to get to the right place/situation, not about manipulating the controls.I had this game on my wishlist for a long time because I thought it seemed expensive for the kind of game it is: 2D puzzle-platformers are ten a penny these days. But now I've played it I feel bad about doubting it. It's a game with everything done right, and that's very rare. An interesting mechanic that fits into the story it's telling; great dialogue and writing; puzzles at just the right level, to exercise your mind without being frustrating; wonderfully atmospheric artwork; and an ending that will get under your skin (be sure to visit the forum after you finish the game). Well done to the developers; and to customers, if you're still wavering, get your wallet out now."
,Recommended,231160,13197518,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,M3Ki - iGOR,"I loved this game!Beautiful, very atmospheric, great music/sound effects.It made me think of the movie Event Horizon."
,Recommended,231160,13204370,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Simon says die!,"The Swapper offers really interesting mechanics, nice little story and one of the best atmospheres in game last few years.If you are into atmospheric and clever puzzle platformes, this is game for you."
,Recommended,231160,13205127,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ingosiegfried,"It's a beautiful experience. I definitely would recommend this game to anyone that like puzzles and good storytelling.The gameplay is amazing: the controls are really simple and precise. If you mess up it is not the game, it is yourself. The precision is good, and since you're going to depend on its precision, it's a good thing.The puzzles start simple, but soon get really difficult. When you understand what you're supposed to do, it always seems simple and you'll get angry with yourself.The story is interesting. It starts slow, but you get into it soon enough. If you have seen an ""old"" movie called Moon, the concept will get you: a copy of a copy of a copy is the same as the original? The results are amazing.My only complain about the game is the ending: once you choose one of then, you'll have to play it all again to see the second one.Nevertheless, since it's pretty simple to remember the solutions, the second playthrough is even shorter,It is a short game overall, but I still recommend it."
76561198047034212,Recommended,231160,13232840,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,jackburton,"Good puzzle solving game of mid-average difficulty.  The difficulty is just right to make it interesting without getting in the way of the real standout features of this game, which are it's dark and atmospheric setting, story, and music. If you enjoyed the ethereal artistic style of Limbo, then you'll like this as well, though this takes place on a derelict space station. Great diversion game of only 5 hours that's worth experiencing."
76561197970956070,Recommended,231160,11750281,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Binti,"A brilliant atmospheric puzzle game. The puzzles are similar to Portal but instead of moving through a portal on a wall, you make a copy of yourself to reach places. Sometimes by throwing your body off a cliff only to create a new copy of yourself before you hit the ground, mercilessly killing your previous host in the process. Merciless clone killing is a stable of the game play.The graphics have a unique ""claymation"" style and are beautiful to look at. Assets were modeled in clay and then digitized. The puzzles themselves are well thought out and original. Some levels you look at and think ""that's impossible!"" but the solution always feels like a resolute of thinking things through logically and not from lucking out.  If you liked LIMBO or Portal, I'd recommend this game to you. Great game. Great story too."
76561198042732501,Recommended,231160,4873806,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,penta,분신술을 쓰는 우주인이 어슬렁 거리는 내용입니다카드만 아니었다면 안샀을텐데
,Recommended,231160,11651415,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BostonGreekGeek,"When Felicia Day reccomends a game you know tis worth checking out ;).Very unique style to it. Different, refreshing!"
,Recommended,231160,10693475,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hamaon,"The swapper successfully creates a great atmosphere with its beautiful sound effect, simple yet beautiful graphics and equally outstanding soundtracks (it doesnt have music on at all time but when there are they are beautiful).The Swapper is also an innovative game. Unlike most puzzle games, The Swapper isnt consist of numerous levels that are separated with loading screens, but the whole game takes place in a giant map that you can freely move around and explore. And I must say this is a great design. Gameplay-wise, cloning urself may sound simple, but it has lots of applications, and amazing ones. Puzzle solving is as fun and can be really hard.Overall you Must play The Swapper if you are into the puzzle genre or atmospheric games."
,Recommended,231160,10695063,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arborus,"I didn't really know what to expect going into this one, but I like it a lot. Gameplay feels solid and everything just works."
,Recommended,231160,10697458,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FoxyPotato,Swapper is one of the best puzzle games I've played in a long time.10/10
76561198076303225,Recommended,231160,8427058,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Catta,"Excellent little indie game, fun to navigate and provides a challenge."
,Recommended,231160,1109699,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,fuzzydemon,"In the post-Braid renaissance of indie puzzle platformers, it's not always easy to know which are the ones you should take notice of. The Swapper is one that stands out though, with its unique and quite stunning atmosphere and genuinely brain-teasing puzzles. The story was also unexpededly engaging, with a somewhat disturbing concept underpinning the whole thing. Wonderfully crafted game!"
,Recommended,231160,8429128,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Anax of Rhodes,"The Swapper is a puzzle-solving game like no other.  Three aspects make the game nearly flawless: it makes you think, it creates a palpable atmosphere, and it makes you ""think.""The puzzles are fiendishly difficult; I found myself stuck multiple times in the later stages of the game.  They all ""appear"" so simple, and yet they require precise planning and control.  Good luck finding the achievements, lol!The setting is superb.  The lighting, the sound effects, and the physics breathe life into the game like you'd never believe.  It feels like a survival game, but without hordes of enemies assaulting you.  Heck, I can't think of a single actual enemy in the game.  All of your opponents are purely philosophical.  And that segues into my last point.The game causes you to ""think.""  You will be peppered with questions about ethics and communication, interaction and science.  They are questions ""I've"" considered for a long while, but few examples in any media have tackled.  The ending, sadly, does not leave you with any answers, though perhaps that is a good thing.  Perhaps it's left like that to spark the discussion, and to motivate new thinking on the subjects.The Swapper is a game you SHOULD play and form an opinion on.  It's an indie masterpiece on the level of Bastion."
,Recommended,231160,8431588,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,i'm so hoppy...,Great game.  I love the atmosphere and the simplicity of the gameplay.
,Recommended,231160,8432200,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CompC,"This game is awesome. It's not just another puzzle platformer. The puzzles are addicting and have the perfect difficulty, just like the puzzles in Portal. The atmosphere and story are really mysterious and awesome, and the art style -- everything is made out of photographed clay models -- is unique. Don't skip this game."
76561197970526146,Recommended,231160,8499404,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ifkovic,"If you liked portal, I think you'll like this too."
,Recommended,231160,529408,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,"SlowMotionKarma, Chevalier","Amazing artistic design, atmospheric environments, brilliant puzzles and a wonderful, mysterious story. What a surprise how good this game is."
76561198025903796,Recommended,231160,8473533,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CaraDelevingneOfficial,"The Swapper is a beautifully constucted puzzle game that picks your brain and spins you around in awe of the masterfully crafted  environment. The visual aspects of the game aren't the only element that stands out. The score of the game adds perfectly to the Chaotic Calmness that vibrates through the game.Additionally, the tutorials in the game are far more intuitive than most games, while some leave you saying ""yeah, I get it"", The Swapper understands the players intuition and ability to solve problems by placing subtle suggestions in non invasive formats. Even if you are not a terribly into puzzle games, I would reccomend it just to appreciate it."
,Recommended,231160,8516635,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,chazzlabs,"Fantastic game!  Beautiful art style and a great story.  The ending is intense and a bit disturbing.  The game's mechanics are simple, but the puzzles get very creative."
,Recommended,231160,8517601,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,HolyTacoGernade,This game is dope!
,Recommended,231160,8517615,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[BeDuRA]Luke.mx,"Such a nice game, great mechanics, very nice atmosphere and very decent graphics for a 2D Platformer!"
76561198034514471,Recommended,231160,8497891,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,VMnM,Best puzzels since portal!! amazing! must buy !
,Recommended,231160,8550977,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,pivot,"This game is not really a metroidvania in that you don't really have item progression or levels. It's just a side scroller overworld that leads to puzzle rooms along the way. With that said, the heart of the game is a puzzle game using the game's mechanics, and they are sometimes quite involving. Some of the latter ones take much more thought than the earlier ones, whereas some of the earlier ones were a bit easy. I feel like the game is a strong start to a mechanic that could have been taken to another level. Visually, The Swapper has some type of claymation-esque graphics which helps with the setting being an out-of-this-world crashed spaceship. All in all, it's a fun little game. I beat it in one sitting, and wouldn't mind playing it again in the future."
,Recommended,231160,8552217,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kanelipena,My brain hurts
,Recommended,231160,8552327,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,líklega besti leikur sem ég hef spilaðennfremur spyr ég mig:hvaðan komum við?hver erum við?hvert förum við?og hvers vegna erum við á lífi...og hvað þýðir að vera á lífi?ég vil fá svör...leikurinn er ekki með svör en hann verður til þess að láta þig hugsa meira um lífið og dauðann
76561198016897162,Recommended,231160,8554646,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fitz,"Nice brain-using game, most of levels are relatively easy, but several are really great and make a challenge. I liked ending a lot, was in schock while doing last actions."
,Recommended,231160,11066042,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,トゥットゥルー♪,this is embarrassing. i'm super dumb... thanks to The Swapper...10/10
,Recommended,231160,10937163,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Time Traveler,"Reminds me of Nintendo's Metroid, Play it"
76561198022636031,Recommended,231160,10938622,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,intradimensional,"This game is a little over-rated.  It does flow fairly well and the graphics are quite good.  The audio samples are a little repeatitive towards the end.  Overall I enjoyed it but I can only recommend it conditionally. The main detractor for me was the mysterious messages which are presented in various ways are just cryptic nonsense, serving little function.  Some of the puzzles towards the end are frustratingly difficult and like many physics-based puzzlers released in recent years there are no hints to speak of.  Resorting to youtube video walk-throughs is the solution but even that is hampered by a lack of level naming making searching for the right video a chore."
76561198122834375,Recommended,231160,10894800,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sturmmandrang,"Platform mystery set in alien space station, plenty of thought has gone into the design, and the cunning plot keeps you cloning and wasting your character like there is no tomorrow. Has the 'just one more try' quality that keeps you trying those tricky midair clone and swap leaps of faith."
76561198055594014,Recommended,231160,10963609,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Stephy,"One of my favourite games. The atmosphere and sounds are incredible and suck me in. The puzzles are also not rage inducing, so that's a huuuuge plus."
,Recommended,231160,10964048,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Big Pete,"Short, but had some decent puzzles, especially toward the end. Great atmosphere. Definitely worth the time and price."
,Recommended,231160,10967188,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Henno,Awesome game
76561198123049733,Recommended,231160,10929583,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DonutGaming,"At first I was a bit sketchy about this game. I played it, found out I could kill my Clones....and it was kind of creepy at the same time...10/10"
76561197996879578,Recommended,231160,10929908,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WTangoFoxtrot,atmospheric and sublime
,Recommended,231160,10930694,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Decapitator,"Amazing Game and worth every cent.It was designed to be an atmospheric game where isolation was a key factor. They pulled it off brilliantly with perfectly applicable graphics with great lighting and distortion effects, amazing ambient sound, expceptional music, a very effectively created eery environment, creepy monologue and a new gameplay concept for puzzlers that is perfectly executed because it's so easy to pick up and play straight away."
76561198105632156,Recommended,231160,10931611,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jedidiah,"What is life? What is mind? What is soul?There was a time when a new and strange genre of media asked questions of comparable magnitude regularly. Now, many of the latest in ""Sci-Fi"" focus on minutia: machines, aliens, and action greater in scope than anything possible today. These may satisfy many, but that is not why Sci-Fi came to being over a hundred years ago.I am proud to say that The Swapper fulfills that mission.The moment I laid eyes on the intro and heard the music, I saw the same spirit behind it as ""The First Men in the Moon"" by H.G. Wells, the same author who wrote the much more famous, but just as profound in its day in 1898, ""The War of the Worlds"". You know, that book that so many movies have been made about?The art style is unique (dark, creepy claymation and junk-mation), the music has fitting gravitas but is never intrusive, and the puzzles can get mind-bending (this from an engineering major. Calculus and Physics and all that), but as you unravel the mystery behind it all, you are posed with, and ask yourself, the quandaries that defined an industry.Sci-fi, from the start, has been to ask the questions that had no place to be asked anywhere else rational. Yet, if they are never asked, how can we push the boundaries, forge the frontiers beyond space itself, or even...know ourselves?Endeavor to know what ""yourself"" even is by the end of this tale.So... get this game, cuddle up with it in a dark room, having only the screen and the stars themselves as your light, make sure your sound systems are top-notch, and embark on what was known, way back then, as a ""Scientific Romance""."
76561198025073166,Recommended,231160,10931657,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"Synergy is broken, pls halp.","Fantastic game, and a really unique puzzle game unlike many I've played before. The story is very interesting and explores a concepts most sci-fi doesnt touch.Additionally it's worth a second playthrough just to understand some the strange dialog you hear early in the game, and to find the pesky hidden messages scattered through the puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,10931719,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JMAG117,"An utterly gorgeous and evocative game, a perfect hybrid of Braid's tightly wound puzzles, the haunting cosmic beauty of Danny Boyle's ""Sunshine"", and the fragile charm of handcrafted claymation. The general storyline is not quite as compelling as the eerily melancholic atmosphere, but the final scene manages to be striking.Two tips to avoid unneccessary frustration (no spoilers):* Play with subtitles on. The dialogue is clear enough, but the voice actors for several key characters are so similar that they're very difficult to tell apart by ear.* Once most of the ship is explored, the map will start rotating by 90° in certain areas to orient the blueprint to the local gravity. This can cause the teleporter system to appear broken, since the map at your destination doesn't resemble the area you'd chosen to travel to. It's the same spot, just rotated."
76561198042894459,Recommended,231160,10933480,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,K2ILL5A,"LOVED The Swapper. With rewarding puzzles and a thought-provoking story, if you're into space sci-fi, this is a must play in my opinion. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,8609271,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,r3d zombie,really clever little game.
,Recommended,231160,7251661,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,LouskRad,Philosophy of mind meets awesome game mechanics.
,Recommended,231160,8610021,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,SweedJesus,"A very cool game and one of my favorite Indies of the decade. Picking up for the first time the only the gun and central mechanic to the game, the swapper, it appears fairly innocuous; it doesn't maim or kill anything directly, its simply a tool. It's not long before the stranded survivor inadvertently kills himself (albeit a copy of himself, but still a human being) in the name of progress. This disposability of the main character is his main asset, and is fascinating but subtly horrifying. All art assets were modelled out of clay and mechanical bits before being photographed and turned into bump-maps, giving a lot of gritty photo-realistic texture to surfaces and a sculpturesque feel to objects. The narrative was well thought out and intriguing, and conversations, however one-sided, were well paced. Not a whole lot of psycho-babble going on, which is more impressive coming from a science-fiction-philosophy game. Definitely a game I recommend as a must-play."
,Recommended,231160,8610857,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[LMAA] Sorenzo,Innovative Clone/Swap game which gives you a lot of brain bending puzzles.Awesome SiFi Atmosphere/Environment experience.In short ... well done ... and really worth the money.
76561198007298934,Recommended,231160,2435158,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Ezergood,"Good little game, original puzzle idea. Absolute sod to get working on my rig though - devs say they're working on it.Fixed techy issues i had fast. Awesome puzzler, fab atmosphere."
,Recommended,231160,8611286,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Bollockoff,Go on. Give your intellect viagra.
76561197970803330,Recommended,231160,8611506,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,A Big Brave Dog,"Basically a Metroid game with puzzles instead of enemies.  Create a mob of clones.  Get them killed completely by accident.  Muse about the nature of the soul, and the self.  Then kill more clones."
,Recommended,231160,8611527,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,etitterud,This is a great great game. Lots of puzzles where you bang your head against a wall and then come back to it after a night's sleep and the answer just hits you. Only problem is there isn't more of it.
76561198039223120,Recommended,231160,8611880,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Catalyst,"Heck yeah, nice little indie puzzle game."
,Recommended,231160,2115979,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,korvis,"The Moon The Movie: The Game, highly recommend."
76561198028732465,Recommended,231160,3897370,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Greenmoggle,Hauntingly Beautiful. A very clever puzzle platformer.
,Recommended,231160,8612182,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,xRev,I haven't been playing this game very long but I absolutly love the idea. The game plays very well and looks beautiful. Pick it up while it is on sale! Worth it!
76561197993267443,Recommended,231160,8612524,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Skimmer,"One of my personal favorite games of 2013, and highly recommended to any fans of sci-fi stories and puzzle games. The game implements an amazing, unsettling atmosphere with the visuals and sound, and the gameplay mechanics accentuate this futher."
76561197987413298,Recommended,231160,8613196,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,mekzus,i highly recommend this game get it while its on sale
76561197993174997,Recommended,231160,8613278,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,QT,"The game itself is almost like playing though a clayscape art project. But a very good one! The mechanics of this puzzle/adventure hybrid is just as the name suggests. You duplicate your body and swap with them in order to solve puzzles. The game has a slow, but engaging story to tell as well. I do overall enjoy it so far and recommend it to anyone looking for a surprisingly fun and lovely looking puzzle game."
76561197991712067,Recommended,231160,1340248,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,DirkDigglersDiggler,"The atmosphere is on par with the best games I've played and it has a surprisingly good story. The only downside is it only took about 5 hrs to beat. Still, for the price it was well worth it."
,Recommended,231160,8439193,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fang Xianfu,achievements didn't work but great game
,Recommended,231160,8417544,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mckerrnel13,"I really enjoyed this game.  If you enjoy logic puzzles, you should enjoy this.  Some of the puzzles were really hard to figure out and I did resort to using a guide on a couple of occasions, but after seeing the solution, I felt guilty.  Patience and walking away from the problem will usually help you out.  Artwork and atmosphere were awesome.  Can't recommend this game enough for puzzle people!"
,Recommended,231160,8629979,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,gfx-sam,"The Sweeper is simply breathtaking and amazing. The clay-made visuals is an art to behold by its own, and the background music fits the alienated and mysterious setting. The plot is also great, and makes you question your own morality (quite literally). The gameplay is the real deal here, with annoying but admittedly, great puzzles, and lots of physics involved.Let's go in-depth regarding the physics (the nerd in me, skip this entire paragraph if you're not interested, or simply read the bolded lines). When you create a clone in mid-air from a great height while standing on a safe platform, the clone dies from the impact when you hit the ground. Let's say you swap to the clone right before that body hits the ground. You'll die sinceyou experience the full potential energy->kinetic energy conversion that the clone did even though you were 'created' at a safe height. Of course, there's an explanation for that but here's a spoiler warning:As the term 'Swapping' suggests, you're actuallytransferring your soulinto the clone. You're not simply swapping positions with the clone.The light that creates your clone is like a flashlight; it's conical in shape. The blast that does the swapping goes in a straight line like a bullet.And some obstacles actually feature a conical hole in theoppositedirection such that you are unable to create a clone on the opposite side, but you can do a swapping from there. This means that you'll have to rack your brains and come up with a way to get a clone on the opposite side. There's also the annoying and heavily-featuredmysterious lights in which you cannot create a clone or swap to it, or both. In fact, those lights are everywhere. When you hold down your mouse's right-button, you'll shine the light for cloning, and releasing the button creates the clone. While the button is held down,time slows down to an extreme extend(you can even watch the 'blast' for the swap move through the air in slow-motion). This is extremely useful in a lot of situations, for example, slowing the time to create a series of clones in mid-air, as if climbing an invisible stairs, in order to get to a high platform. There are still some other features but these are the more prominent ones regarding the physics.The control scheme is also well-placed, with default buttons being everyone's favorite WASD, Q and E (and F as well). What I didn't like was the separate button for Use and Grab Object. I personally think they could both be mapped under one single command. Heck, I was stuck on one puzzle for more than an hour because I was pressing E to attempt grabbing a crate, which I thought to myself ""Maybe clones can't grab stuffs, there must be some other way to get myself to that crate"". Holding down the S key while pressing A/D in order to move a crate left/right feels awkward as well, but I'm sure that's just me. Regardless, it's a simple control scheme that people should be able to get used to, almost right after they start the game.There's also the issue with a lot of puzzles in the game requiring more quick-reactions (well not really because you have the almighty time-control) than thinking out-of-the-box, but I cannot deny that most of them were pretty well-crafted.Verdict: I'd give this an 8/10."
76561197977586423,Recommended,231160,8631844,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CaBBagE,"Brill atmosphere, clever puzzles!"
76561198044466003,Recommended,231160,8632135,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Flamable Turnips,"Brilliant game. The puzzles are great, the writing and plotline even better."
,Recommended,231160,8633666,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,p4l1ndr0m3,This game is absolutely amazing!
76561197971209664,Recommended,231160,8634101,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,mrbrian,pretty good for 5$ if you like puzzle plats
76561197961270717,Recommended,231160,8629008,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,-- [+] --,Unquestionably one of the most entertaining and atmospheric puzzle/platformer games I have ever played
76561198079897593,Recommended,231160,8636127,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,jawzx01,"My god is this a good game. Better than I imagined and I imagined it to be a pretty good game. Good story, good puzzles. Yes, recommended at regardless of price (first time I wrote that in a review).Performance note, doesn't seem to take too much to run the game but I've onyl ran it on my main gaming computer (high end everything). Don't see why it wouldn't run on a more average computer though."
,Recommended,231160,8637002,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,I337Spartan,This game took me a little over 5 hours to beat. However there were many puzzles that had me stumped especially late game. The grapichs were amazing for a 2.5D platformer. I would highly recomend this game to anyone out there i've personaly purchased 4 copies of the game so i could share this experience with my friends.
76561198025756442,Recommended,231160,8641333,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Purrrtle Wilson,fun puzzle game that takes about 6 hours to beat using a swapping technique.
76561198027300773,Recommended,231160,8644045,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Scrappycocoa,"I wasn't too sure how this game would end up being. Hearing that it was similar to portal made me so excited i had to buy it for 5 bucks. Not dissapointed at all, took me 6 hours to beat it..which I ended up doing in one sitting. Turned all the lights off and put on my headphones. Awesome game. Even had me stumped on 3 of the puzzles!"
76561198061363677,Recommended,231160,8650388,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Legion,Nice little game to just sit back and relax with.I have really enjoyed it so far well worth the £££
,Recommended,231160,4851345,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,plastic 2,TALKING ASTEROIDS
,Recommended,231160,1435094,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,PKBronson,"One of my favorite games in a while. Great stop-motion aesthetic and moody atmosphere, minimal story with cool details. Hits a sweet spot in puzzle difficulty/overall length. No tutorials -- you learn by playing.Don't salewait. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,231160,7953297,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,notasfarwest,"An atmospheric puzzle game marred by a terrible, terrible name. The Swapper kind of disappeared right after it's original release and everyone forgot about it, but it really is worth your time."
,Recommended,231160,3135005,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,downphoenix,"This game is pretty much the next portal. The gameplay mechanic is just ingenious, the puzzle and level design is very top notch, and it has some of the most impressive graphics I've yet seen in a game. Don't let the fact that this is some indie game made by just a couple people, this is something big development houses are jealous of."
76561197987719645,Recommended,231160,1143426,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Mutated Waffle,"An excellent puzzle-platformer which uses its mechanics to present a thought-provoking commentary on the definition of life and the preservation of the self. The new Braid, essentially."
,Recommended,231160,7966508,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Xtrife,Um dos melhores jogos que me lembro. Mecânica perfeita e esteticamente impressionante. Recomendo muito.
,Recommended,231160,12441052,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dye,"Deep... into consciouness.Great system mechanics, not fully explored..7.5/10 difficulty;1man mastered;Metroid styled;VVVVV exploration;Doom3 ambience;Twinsen's melancholy;Braid puzzle-flow;Limbo loneliness;Totally mersmerizing... not to mention the honest commitment with the story integrity and it's profound significance.Wonderful. And powerfully *wondering..."
,Recommended,231160,12429328,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,Would you like some legitimate philosophy of mind with your densely atmospheric puzzle sidescroller? YES.
,Recommended,231160,12983578,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,MFG38,"Awesome atmosphere, challenging yet rewarding puzzles and the coolest ending ever. Loved it."
,Recommended,231160,13164556,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Slimigo,"Slept at 6am after spending 7 hours in space (with my clones). This eerie and brilliant game had wonderful puzzle mechanics, a pretty art style with an unnerving atmosphere. Reminded me a lot of the film Moon. Hope they can be inspired to make a film out of this game. I definitely recommend getting it (Steam sales end in a couple of days).“With insomnia, nothing's real. Everything's far away. Everything's a copy of a copy of a copy...” - Fight Club"
76561198082597262,Recommended,231160,13168623,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,69ShadowJelly,"I really like this game, but I'm bad so i got stuck pretty easily."
76561198014473461,Recommended,231160,13169073,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Genghis Pawn,"Short version:Fun game, relatively short game, very little replay value.Highly linear gameplay and lock-out after the ending doesn't pair well with non-linear story-telling.Steam Achievements are unrewarding.I'm glad I played it, but also glad I got it at a much-reduced price ($2.99) when it was on sale.Long Version:Visually and aurally the game is fantastic. Lots of complaints about bugs/controllability in the forums, but I had no issues. The price tag on the game is for all the hard work that went into the shape and feel of it.In it's basic mechanics, The Swapper a pretty straightforward and fairly linear puzzle game. Some folks have branded it a ""metroidvania"" title, but it really isn't: you gain all the skills/tools/abilities you're going to gain in the first 5 rooms, so there's never any real limitations built into the game that would impose a need to backtrack. The only thing that could impose non-linearity on gameplay is if you get irritated at a puzzle and leave it temporarily to go solve another. You'll have to get back to it eventually, and when you do you'll be bringing all the same tools to the table as before.So, gameplay is fun and demanding the first time through, but fairly formulaic.The storyline comes in small doses as you work through the game. A lot of reviews have praised The Swapper for raising philosophical issues about personal identity and consciousness, but reviews rarely actually discuss it. I found the links to philosophy to be pretty heavy-handed. The medium here (a game) is perhaps novel, but the ideas in play are far from it. The guy who handled the narrative isTom Jubert(FTL, Penumbra), and he clearly knows this: it's as if the storyline, characters, and dialogue were read off of a syllabus for Metaphysics of Mind 101 --and the game cites the syllabus. Characters named ""Chalmers"" and ""Dennett"" bicker over the nature of consciousness (see David Chamers and Dan Dennett). The ship's name is the ""Theseus"" (see ""The Ship of Theseus"" problem). All this makes one wonder who the story is written for, exactly. Players unfamiliar with philosophy of mind may not see the not-so-subtle references here, and so won't read into the subtext that's carrying much of the weight. Players who have read the syllabus won't find it very novel.For anyone, a difficulty with the story is that it really only comes together clearly in the last 5-10 minutes of gameplay. After a lot of slow and piecemeal development, everything comes to a head, and you're finally able to do what you've been trying to do for hours of play -- so you dutifully race to the abrupt ending, getting heavy doses of information that alter the narrative dramatically. Then, maddeningly, after the ending you're locked out of the game and cannot go back into it to either (a) revisit bits of the story you've collected, now wisened by a deeper understanding of what's been going on or (b)see the alternate endingYou have to start all over again. But since nothing in gameplay changes on the second run, it becomes a pretty unrewarding grind.One thing that might force you back into the game is that you've likely missed all 10 steam achievements on the first run. That's because the developers didn't provide any description of what the achievements are, they're just roman numerals. I honestly reached the ending of the game and thought ""Oh, I must be about to complete chapter I, so I'll unlock achievement ""I"" in a second now and go on to chapter II -- that'd make sense, and could explain the high price of the game; there must be lots more content yet."" Nope.  And when you do go track down the achievements, they add absolutely nothing to the game at all in terms of storyline or character or anything.You get to read one-sided emails to the Theseus as they start their work, discover the Watchers, and lose contact with command. Very boring.So the game is gorgeous and makes for a fun afternoon. But I'm not sure it's worth all the hype. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,231160,13030500,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FernBymob,"Pros:- EXCELLENT PUZZLE GAME!!- Beautiful graphics- Excellent ambiance- Weird/twist story, but still, good in the end...- Good pacing with nice variety when in zero-g- Excellent level design...Cons:- When opening the map, it doesn't always stay in the same orientation which is confusingOverall:If you like puzzle and the settings of that game BUY IT WITHOUT HESITATION! It's a MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,231160,13162769,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,flyshowflx,"The Indie puzzle done right. Small scale, clever puzzle, satisfying solution, perfect si-fi atmosphere, great pacing, dat soundtrack, thought-provoking plotline. Also, saw Jon Blow's name in the tester list. Gold. 10/10."
76561198022260544,Recommended,231160,13088547,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,› Tabooger,"The best way to describe this outstanding game is Portal, except the main character is Sam Rockwell in Moon.  Only the second side-scroller to seriously spook me (I'm looking at you, Limbo), The Swapper shares an attention to art and sound that make for an unexpectedly immersive experience.  There's a very well-designed, textured, quiet ambience to both games that draw you in and sets you up for a few precisely timed chills.  The best part, though is that these scares aren't (all) jump scares, they're mental.  It takes talent to set up a horrible realization that slowly dawns on you.  However, where Limbo got inside your head about childhood trauma, The Swapper will strand you in outer space among the inhuman ramifications of misguided science.   A must-play."
,Recommended,231160,13116935,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,iCappie,Extremely Innovative story and gameplay. Absolutely loved it.
,Recommended,231160,10970344,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Staches,Really addictive!
,Recommended,231160,10979301,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,teqn0x,One of the better side scroll puzzle platformers I've played in quite some time. The difficulty of the puzzles reminds me a lot of Braid. The nice atmosphere in combination with a deep story makes this a must have for everyone who likes these types of games.
76561198072369580,Recommended,231160,10933507,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Thresh Main,"If you like games with a heavy atmosphere, very intense puzzles, and amazing graphics, get this game. Just got it for $2.99, it's a STEAL!"
,Recommended,231160,1082656,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Disorganic,"Uncomplex, atmospheric, and with a good narrative that draws you in, The Swapper fits in neatly with other fun Art♥♥♥♥♥Gaming titles, like Limbo.5-6 hours from beginning to end assuming you dont go for walkthroughs."
76561198022995807,Recommended,231160,12875155,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Sweet-G,"This was not a long game, but don't let that discourage you from giving it a try. What this game has going for it, is a great story, visuals that really work and a sense of accomplishment as you move from puzzle to puzzle. Some of the later puzzles become a little more frustrating, but the game is well worth the money.If you're looking for a fast paced action game, I would suggest you avoid.If you're looking for a puzzle game with some great story telling, this is a great choice in game."
76561198025251709,Recommended,231160,12859257,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,arielultra,"One of the best games I played in the last years!I don't like 2D, I don't like platformers, I don't like puzzle games (at least not this much) - BUT: I loved this game. It builds an incredible athmosphere, challenges your logic and keeps you going because you want to know what happend (and what is happening).And - and that's hard to find - it like on of these movies, where you leave the movie theater puzzled but in discussion with your friends. What happend? What does it mean? What are the implications? At home, you start looking for other peoples interpreations.Great Game. Buy it!"
76561198054023535,Recommended,231160,12878631,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"A fantastic voyage on an enormous ship and you must find your way through its maze, where there are numerous strategically place orbs you must try to obtain.  And just like in the game of Chess, its not about your next move, but to remeditate what each chain reaction of each move will cause --- A game of cause and effect!... I would compare this game to the Portal Franchise.  What a ride!!! ^5"
,Recommended,231160,11530083,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,lking226,I thoroughly enjoyed reading all the datalog catalog from the memory terminals. The zero gravity sections were amazing to walkthru. Definite boost to your self-eSTEAM collection. My 2nd favorite game in my library next to Strider.
,Recommended,231160,11530478,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,aqua scummm,"Probably the best puzzle game I have ever played.  Atmospheric, wonderful music and storytelling, the game really pulls you in, if you like sci-fi and 2D puzzle platformers.Turn on subtitles, the voice overs are at times hard to understand."
,Recommended,231160,7543029,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Xifax,"For a game about duplicity, this one retains its own identity to the very end."
,Recommended,231160,11536586,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,yuki,"Great and innovative gameplay, some really tricky puzzles, dark and almost oppressing atmosphere, and a mystery to slowly unveils as the story progress. I really loved that game!"
,Recommended,231160,3632094,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Zythn,Beautiful story and atmosphere. The sound design is some of the best I've seen from any recent game (let alone indie game) and the game's message will stick with you long after you've finished playing.
,Recommended,231160,7980016,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,KoolAidMan,"Best puzzle game since Portal. Atmospheric and it makes you feel clever, really good!"
,Recommended,231160,7798965,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CORONA EXTRA LIGHT,"Very intriguing game. Definitely gives food for thought, so you won't be going hungry. Not having completed the game, I'm still puzzling at the implications the plot brings up. But then again, I'm not the purplest sword in the inventory..."
76561197970662135,Recommended,231160,444465,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,StfuBeans,"If you like Metroid, enjoyed the movie 'Moon,' and appreciated Portal's puzzles...you must play this game.Don't be bummed if you can't get a puzzle at first.  Take a break, try some of the other puzzles, or just mess around with the physics a bit.There was a game breaking bug for a bit, but the developer is EXTREMELY active.Why are you still reading this text?  Buy the damn game already."
,Recommended,231160,7800128,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pfournier33,"Challenging puzzle game and an interesting story that leaves room for interpretation. How exactly does the swapper work and who are the watchers? Good atmosphere too, very creepy and myserious."
,Recommended,231160,7563543,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,BasiukTV,Beautiful and very tranquil puzzle game with interesting mechanics ... and yet I know something bad is about to happen :)
,Recommended,231160,4874646,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Mavigitar,"Etkileyici, yalnızlık hissi veren ve çok iyi kullanılmış ışık oyunlarının bir arada toplandığı çok başarılı bir atmosfere sahip sağlam bir platform/bulmaca oyunu... parasını kuruşu kuruşuna hak ediyor!"
,Recommended,231160,2602609,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Mikemcn21,A beautiful game with an incredibly effective ending. Play it.
,Recommended,231160,7811429,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SparkClark,"Very cool puzzle platformer.  Excellent atmosphere.  A really interesting mechanic makes for some really good puzzles.  The story is sparse, but thought provoking.  If you're a fan of the genre, you need to play this."
,Recommended,231160,7561886,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,PuLSaR,"Great visuals, awesome puzzle gameplay, great storytelling, great sound, great game!"
76561197971532050,Recommended,231160,523578,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"Haunting 2.5D Puzzle Platformer with a disconcerting mechanic - Beautiful soundtrack, good graphics.  Intriguing story: limited but still a lot for its genre. Unfortunately no controller support by default (just bind gamepad to keyboard+mouse with 3rd party programs). Reasonable difficulty but the later puzzles are mind bending hard. If this is on sale you should get it...unless you hate these types of games.P.S. The female voice-artist sounds the same as the woman in  ""The Cat Lady"" which made it much more creepy."
,Recommended,231160,3127279,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,zylche,"Good puzzles, interesting mechanics. Final area requires all orbs to access. Two choices are the end but requires replaying to see the alternative. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,231160,7410891,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,*good idea*
76561198026572618,Recommended,231160,7914727,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,kibby,"The Swapper is a very very great game. It combines the exploratory feel of a metroid game with the newer feel of games where there are no enemies. The atmosphere is thick, and you feel like you are in a constant danger. The device, known as The Swapper, allows you to create clones and switch to those clones, bringing forth a new game mechanic similar to the Portal series."
,Recommended,231160,7647320,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Thoran,Nice puzzle game with interesting story.
,Recommended,231160,7882899,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,mrhaiiro,"Creative puzzles, unique gameplay, awesome setting."
,Recommended,231160,1696784,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,mordaunt,"A deep, philosophical and touching game with excellent graphics, music and a few tough puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,343689,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Chiablo,"Brilliant game. It has the atmosphere of Dead Space, the puzzley nature of Portal, and a very heady story. Highly recommended!"
76561197962403134,Recommended,231160,30453241,Posted: 11 March,all,The Joshua Tree,"Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys puzzles, logic challenges, or atmospheric space games, The Swapper is a solid 8/10, even by 2017 standards.https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/02/20/the-swapper/"
,Recommended,231160,9412652,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,St.Cray,Awesome game. Some of the simpler tasks in this game will tax your brain because it will eventually have you thinking harder than needed. Theres a lot of little tricks you will learn on accident and some the game forces you to. I was completely drawn into the game. Love the back story and ending.
76561197998825270,Recommended,231160,8836368,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"Where was this on everybody’s “2013 game of the year” list?? As of this writing, it’s January 2014, so all of the major game websites have put out their “best games of 2013 list”. I’ve checked most of the major gaming websites, and this game has appeared on precisely none of the “best game” lists, whereas games like Brothers and Bioshock Infinite - both of which I found to be less than favorable - appear all over the place. I don’t understand. Anyway, The Swapper is an indie puzzle game which has taken quite a bit of influence in its art direction from the Metroid games. Actually, this game threw me quite a bit at first. After seeing all of the visual and stylistic references to Metroid, I was expecting a Metroidvania game. The Swapper is very much just a puzzle game and nothing more, but it’s a very good puzzle game.The main puzzle solving mechanic in the game is the title device, The Swapper. It allows the user to make clones of themselves that will mimic the user’s actions one to one. It also allows the user to transfer their consciousness not only between their clones, but between any living being, which makes for some interesting storytelling. Armed with The Swapper, you’ll explore a derelict space station that has been seemingly mysteriously abandoned. You’ll solve puzzles and read crew logs to try to piece together what happened to the station.The puzzle design in this game was pretty excellent, on par with games like Portal or Braid, where I would just stare at the screen for minutes at a time and try to think through what I needed to do to complete the puzzle. Light plays an important role in this game’s puzzles. Blue light will block The Swapper’s cloning feature where red light will block the “swapping” feature. Purple light will block both. The game’s mechanics are a bit difficult to illustrate verbally, so you may want to check out some gameplay videos to get the idea and see if this interests you. Don’t be thrown by the Metroid references, this isn’t that kind of game. But if you enjoy puzzle games, The Swapper is a must-play.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561198000192055,Recommended,231160,9765654,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Moset,Absolutely lovely. Manages a dark spacey atmosphere without resorting to horror. The puzzles are fun and make you feel clever.
,Recommended,231160,1604888,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,PlasmaChroma,"Very cool platformer / puzzle game. Feels roughly like a mix of Braid, Portal, and Limbo, and unique beyond that even.  A bit of ""Flatland"" type of psychology keeps the story interesting."
76561198088265767,Recommended,231160,9719164,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,btbrotherton,"One of the best games I've played in the past few years, and one of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The puzzles are difficult and intelligent, without being senselessly random. You won't have puzzles that take random guessing to solve, just pure logical thinking. The story is interesting as well. And the graphics are something different and pleasant to look at. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who likes puzzle games or a mental challenge."
,Recommended,231160,942831,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Frank,"Unique visuals, clever puzzle design and a mesmerising story. What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,231160,9690647,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Omomoweiwei,"Ohh yea, get it, at least try it. I really enjoyed playing this game. Looking forward to part 2. Very deep game, it really sucked me into its world. Story provided enough information about what was going on. Very creative puzzles.. I was totaly stumped a few times but it was a great challenge. (been playing games for 25 years)."
76561198030043293,Recommended,231160,9896224,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Friggen Jon Man,"One of the best games I've ever played. Stunning story and scenery, with some cool puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,9899485,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Michael,"An interresting puzzle platformer with a philosophical sci-fi plot. The Puzzles are a bit samey with the constant objective of collecting orbs- which are used to open up further puzzles and progress through the game\map. The visuals are grim and dark with a heavy atmosphere of isolation. The plot is what makes this game distinct. It explores the meaning of identity and mind\body dualiy. If you are familiar with the ""Theseus's Paradox"", you have the philosophical background on which the game builds."
,Recommended,231160,9899614,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Pahiro,Lots of fun. Just long enough in my opinion and a very good story.
76561198002502137,Recommended,231160,9399505,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Zabuza86_SWE,"The Swapper manages to create a great atmosphere that makes you feel like you are alone far out in space and there’s a doomsday feel everything. Great visuals and soundtrack. Some puzzles are a bit frustrating, but overall a fun game with interesting new ideas and gameplay. It’s not amongst my favorite games in my collection but close and certainly worth it’s price."
,Recommended,231160,9588252,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,nrg,"Highly addictive, gorgeous music, good times."
76561198013283404,Recommended,231160,9601645,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,r_0_b,"Everyone that only slightly enjoys puzzle games should pick this one up.The atmospheric and philosophical rollercoaster of this title is so unique and immersive.It reminds me of old sci-fi films like ""Solaris"" (1972), Stalker (1979) and 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968).PS: The ambient music is amazing!"
,Recommended,231160,9338729,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Great Scott,"Just. Wow. I'm not big into puzzle platformers, but this was something else. Unique game mechanics, Great story, Unbelievable visuals, Brilliant sound design and scoring. Thought-provoking puzzles that were rarely frustrating. This game is the total package, Highly recc'd."
,Recommended,231160,12684934,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,DaReputableJesus,"THE SWAPPER is a puzzle plattformer that does everything in perfection. In THE SWAPPER you have the so called swapping gun. With this gun you can create clones. The second feature of this gun is that you can swap your soul with one of the clones. For example: You see a high plattform you want to reach - you create a clone on top of the plattform and then swap souls with the clone to get on that plattform. The catch is that only the clone with your soul has the gun. First of all the Level design or puzzle design is the best I've ever seen. No game can't top these engenius puzzles. No not even PORTAL. Every puzzle is a challange to overcome and if you find the solution after dozens of tries your mind will be blown.Oh and you know what your are fighting against in this game? Stones. Stones that began to think and communicate with each other. As stupid as it sounds those stones called ""The Watchers"" are the most ♥♥♥♥ed up things you will ever encounter. Humans are able to hear the thoughts of the Watchers. And those thoughts are really creepy. I never thought that a stupid rock can be so scary. The game also talks about alot of philosphical questions. Of course the all have to do with the soul and the body. Is the soul really a part of your body?So you see that I like this game. I don't like it, I love it. It's really the best game I've ever played. I'm not kidding! And trust me I've played a lot of games. THE SWAPPER is a hidden gem that a lot of people missed."
,Recommended,231160,7565397,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Biblin,"Atmospheric puzzler with a decent storyline on what it means to be ""you"" (With a few overlookable holes). The difficulty curve is just right to be tricky, but never frustrating. Quite short and not worth £12. But certainly worth grabbing next sale."
,Recommended,231160,12677111,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,"zorro's lazy cousin, fred",This unique twist on the side-scroller puzzle game presents a protagonist with a distinct case of multiple personality disorder transposed into the game world.PROS:Very atmosphericinteresting texturesgood lighting effectsCONS:Could use a better side view for the head of our intrepid self-cloning explorerA few glitchy areas requiring point-and-click precision to make progress
76561198025406565,Recommended,231160,12757751,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,aru-hito1989,"The Swapper has some of the best puzzles I've seen oustide of Portal. An extremely interesting game mechanic which makes for some extremely interesting (and infuriating) puzzles. The atmosphere is extremely immersive and makes for a fantastic experience. Beautiful game and a very interesting story, told in a unique way.I highly recommend this game. Very much worth a play through!"
,Recommended,231160,12760180,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,nyyts,"Unique graphics, cool puzzles, support finnish devs, 9/10 would buy again"
76561197985282997,Recommended,231160,12752763,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Heretic Solace,"Excellent game.At first glance it would seem like a formulaic puzzle platformer. But what truly carries the game is the story. The bleak art style, eerie atmosphere and engaging dialogue inspired me to explore the whole of it as fast as possible. And now that I've beaten it, I instantlly want to play it again, for I think there's at least one part that I've missed and it has an alternative ending in store.It ingeniously touches upon philosophical themes of identity and survival.Also, going into spoiler territory here but to whom this might be relevant these days - it has a female protagonist."
,Recommended,231160,13014122,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Larry David,Good
,Recommended,231160,13149947,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Protoman,"Really great puzzle game, with a powerful and thought-provoking narrative. The puzzles or the story alone would be enough for me to recommend The Swapper, but with both of those, this is a must-play."
76561198039570879,Recommended,231160,13155425,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Moondrop,Fun puzzles and amazing story.
,Recommended,231160,13155704,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kel the Antisocial,"A beautiful and haunting puzzle platformer, with puzzles challenging enough that solving them is incredibly rewarding, and enough depth to the world that it's not simply a matter of transitioning between puzzles. The gameplay is enough to warrant purchase on its own, but the quality of the overall product pushes this into the ""must play!"" category."
,Recommended,231160,21039809,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Musvero,"A great game.  Tried it out for a few minutes and ended up playing straight through.  The gameplay is slick and refined where it is a joy to zap across the world discarding your cloned shells behind you.  I particularly liked the slow motion while aiming the 'Swapper' gun. A few puzzles did leave me stumped but the satisfaction from each coupled with the superb seamless tutorial and the gradual incremental difficulty make for a game that is never really frustrating even in the toughest puzzles.  The non-linear solving also allows you to go and try a different room if you do get stuck, which a couple of times gave me the break I needed to work out the previous room.A fantastic game.  Heartily reccommended, if you enjoy puzzles and an accompanying story.  The narrative flows throughout - if you were so inclined you could ignore it all and have a great puzzling experience by itself but by the end you'll likely find yourself absorbed in the game world and the resultant ethical dilemmas and philosophical quandries, culminating in a great finalé which both matches the overall game aesthetic and leaves you with a great deal to think about after the credits have rolled.  Great!"
,Recommended,231160,14606838,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JFK.png,Neat game. Interesting story. Pretty.
76561198042327086,Recommended,231160,14769986,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,spike2k15,"Wow.. an absolute mind bender for a game. very hard puzzles I had to cheat & watch youtube tutorials to beat them. But the art, ambiance, music & mind bending story had me intrigued the whole time. This game Is perfect for anyone who loves space, stoner intelectualism and is very good at puzzle/problem solving games. 8.5 out of 10 rating in my book."
,Recommended,231160,13989443,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,tomness,"This game has some of the best platformer design I've seen in a long time.The rough graphics and use of dialogue perfectly complement a slowly unravelling eerie story. Once you're in the swing of it you'll find yourself bending your brain around some great puzzles, and it's clear that a lot of thought went into the swapper concept."
,Recommended,231160,14138594,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Uncle Patel,"This game, it's has what you want from a puzzle game and then some, it has a unique art design that will mesmerize you with its beautifuly crafted visuals, theres a minor plotline that doesn't try to take president over the puzzles, which speaking of are brilliant and keep you wanting to play more and more."
,Recommended,231160,14210954,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Flying Spaghetti,AMzing puzzle platformer!
,Recommended,231160,14165353,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chicken$#it,"I loved this game. Great atmosphere, fantastic story and challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,1008515,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,CYASpaceCowboy,Fantastic!
76561197965173182,Recommended,231160,14178816,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"incredible game. Awesome soundtrack, fun puzzles. Its a bit brief but holds replay value."
,Recommended,231160,13964735,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,如此厚颜无耻之人,Awesome puzzle game!!
76561197994141842,Recommended,231160,1521441,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Tyrac,"A beautiful and insightful plataform puzzle, which uniquely explores the themes of philosophy of mind with game mechanics and narrative that connect deeply with the nature and the issues central to the subject. Fun, challenging, insightful and thought-provoking."
76561198045864864,Recommended,231160,14344569,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Marijn,"I have spent more than 120 hours in this game doing full game speedruns and currently have the record at 28m39s (from first to last input). Yet still after all that time I keep playing it over and over. That is how good I think this game is. Clever puzzles, good platforming mechanics, amazing atmosphere & music and a great epistemological narrative. If you like 2D platformers, then you'll love this game.10/10"
,Recommended,231160,7222653,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Sekushi,Fun game with interesting game mechanics and story.
76561197970727967,Recommended,231160,14243767,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,chaosman,"It's ok-good. 2D Portal, think the original is better."
,Recommended,231160,14310554,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jopez,Incredibly well made unique indie game with a nice storyline.
,Recommended,231160,13631363,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mmrobins,"I haven't had this much fun with this style puzzle game since Braid.  Nice atmosphere, interesting philosophical content even if unoriginal."
76561197990544667,Recommended,231160,1277618,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,bien,I threw coins to the screen while running this game and it didn't work.
,Recommended,231160,13682397,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sigspec,Good fun! Great puzzles and hidden content for completionists. Cool mechanics and story. Recommended!
,Recommended,231160,13716487,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dave Red,"Smart, philosophycal, challenging and fun. This game is a masterpiece, despite  that it is not a perfect game. The gameplay, art, level desing and music are flawless; but pay attention to the narrative because if not it can be a litlle difficult to understand it completely. 9.6/10"
,Recommended,231160,13718147,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RagnaR,What is me? Is me in you? Or are you and me the same?What/10
,Recommended,231160,21112162,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,StrangeAxle,"Definitely try this game.  A lot of people scoff at a game for being ""pretenious"" or ""TRYING to be deep"", but as a player that finds gameplay is of the utmost importance to driving a game, let me say that this game shouldn't be missed.The gameplay isn't entirely deep, you can create clones and swap your consciousness with the others to solve puzzles.  And you have to be cautious, because the clones move whenever you do (and wherever you place them).  It's a game that's not terribly punishing, if you make a mistake and die, it puts you right back to where you entered the room.  But, the puzzles were really mind-boggling and challenging, to say the least.It definitely has a ""SO DEEP"" story that people can roll their eyes at, but a LOT of it can be put in the back seat with logs you can pick up along the way, the game doesn't force its story down your throat.  The main plot of the story is pretty much presented with little in-game cutscenes/conversations when another stranded astronaut is talking to you in another room or over intercoms.  So it barely feels like an interruption.The visuals, I'd wanna say, is a very weird mix of CG and claymation/models.  I'd wanna say they used computer graphics for every asset in this game, but the style of it really looks like handcrafted models and scenery which is a nice touch.  The visuals and the soundtrack lends itself to the calm, yet lonely and eerie atmosphere of space and other, unexplored worlds.With the amount of work put into this game, especially the clever puzzles, I can safely say it is worth full price.  With a sale, (which I've usually seen this game always 50-75% off, you can't go wrong with this if you're looking for a puzzler."
76561198065831458,Recommended,231160,21798379,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,PresidentNixon,yes
,Recommended,231160,21849676,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,astaiannymph,"This amazing game asks its players to consider big questions in a nuanced way. The game is mostly puzzles—don't expect jump-scares, combat, or gore. The atmosphere is absolutely brilliant. The soundtrack is not at all what you'd expect for a horror game, but it's completely appropriate and you might not even notice how beautiful it is as it fades into the background. The logs and communications are extremely well-crafted. The visuals—especially the watchers' screens—are incredible. I also appreciate the protagonists are women.There are only two negative things about this game. The first is there are some slight motion-sickness-inducing sections, but they're pretty short. The second is that if you want to play a different ending, you have to play the entire game again.Overall, The Swapper is a horror game beyond compare that you should definitely experience."
,Recommended,231160,21890915,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hellios,This was a totally cool game with an interesting concept and back story.
,Recommended,231160,19013689,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"Vengeful Spirit simulator, sponsored by Nevermore, the Shadow Fiend.Jokes aside, game was pretty enjoyable. The main aspect of the game revolves around the idea of identity as it relates to consciousness, awareness, souls, etc. It is very in line with the ideas from the ""Ship of Theseus"".Puzzles were a good challenge, environment conveyed the somber/lonely atmosphere that was necessary, and the motifs about souls and minds were pretty fun to digest.The ending kind of caught me off guard, in a good way. I won't really spoil it.The execution of ""what is a soul"" and ""what constitutes the 'being' of a person"" all felt quite underwhelming. The reason is that the ideas felt very internal to the game, and didn't make much of an effort to relate to correlating real world circumstance. At the end of the game, the ideas kind of go away with the game itself, as opposed to sticking with you after a game like The Talos Principle.There are a lot of things left unanswered in the game, which always makes me think about lazy devs. I'm not sure if that's the case in this game, though. My standard for leaving things vague has always been set by the Kingdom Hearts series, in which, yes, there are a lot of vague things, but they are later explained and make sense all along. Some games, including this one, seem to leave things vague because they are too lazy to conjure a good ""correct"" answer about things that don't have to be vague.Still pretty worth. ~7.5/10."
,Recommended,231160,21828567,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"Overwhelmingly awesome!The puzzles are fun to do, and the story (if you don't mind reading backstory files and texts while you play) is captivating."
,Recommended,231160,21821466,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,KatanaMaster,Atmosphere on point.
,Recommended,231160,21757030,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,danny.sh.lee,"The Swapper is a 2D puzzle platformer by Finnish studio Facepalm Games. You play as an astronaut trapped on a derelict space station and must find your way out. Puzzles revolve around two primary mechanics: 1) you can create up to four ""clones"" of yourself that move in sync with your own movements and 2) you have the ability to ""swap"" bodies with that of your clones. Although they start off simple and straightforward, puzzles quickly escalate to an appreciable level of difficulty - challenging both your ability to manipulate mechanics, but also your creativity in finding new ways of employing them. The atmosphere of The Swapper is both seductive and ominous: the claymation-inspired visuals are breathtaking, but the chilling soundtrack and creepy sound effects maintain a constant feeling of tension and unease.Themes regarding philosophy, free will and the nature of human consciousness are present here, as is the hallmark of Tom Jubert, who was also the writer for The Talos Principle. As the game progressed, I was forced to sacrifice more and more clones to advance through the puzzles. Every time I heard the sickening crunch of a clone falling to its death, I cringed despite my intellectual understanding that these clones aren't really alive. Or are they? Was it possible that all the times I ""swapped"" and sacrificed my former body, I was, in fact, killing myself over and over again? The Swapper does a great job of reinforcing this moral predicament through repeated gameplay.Overall, I found The Swapper to be a highly enjoyable experience. My singular critique of the game is that the plot was underdeveloped and even after reading articles and reviews, I still did not fully understand the narrative. Perhaps it was an intentional choice on Jubert's part to leave things ambiguous and vague. However, considering the significance of the story in providing context to the actions of the player, I think this was a poor choice that left me feeling confused at the game's conclusion. I'm glad Jubert was able to extract lessons learned from The Swapper in his later work; The Talos Principle does a much better job of presenting a coherent plot through the same tools of narrative exposition (e.g. voiceovers, audio logs, text files)."
,Recommended,231160,3122773,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,09williamsad,A puzzle platformer that revolves around a tool that allows you to create clones of yourself and assume control of those clones in order to navigate areas and solve problems.The game has an atmosphere of mystery and raises questions about the nature of scentience and what a soul is.
76561198012249308,Recommended,231160,25598055,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,binary fudge,excellent. it has a bit of the retro 80ies style space fiction feel.
76561197969395575,Recommended,231160,25643291,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Briareos,"Very Nice game... it's a nicely thought out idea that works well. GFX are great with an eerie glow that helps to properly set the tone. A little bit dead space but more platformer then horror, personally found it tranquil and soothing to play this game. Overall very pleased been on for about 2 hours I think and not sure how much is left but I don't think I'm even halfway through yet."
,Recommended,231160,25362581,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bold Impression,"Another gate. Another puzzle lies ahead. I take a deep breath and steel myself for the challenge that will undoubtedly unfold before me. Then, I dive in.The first obstacle is a ledge, far too tall to jump. I plop a clone at the top, then immediately swap to it. Ahead lies the puzzle, and it looks like a blast. Purple, red, and blue lights, each with different properties that affect my cloning and swapping, bathe the level in literal areas of effect. An inversion plate lies right in front of me, and other is on the ceiling. Two pressure plates, one of which is also inverted, when pressed, open two stone slabs to reveal a compartment in the floor holding more orbs than I can count.But I turn around and peer back over the edge. My former self, now a clone, is still down there. He will move when I move. Jump when I jump. But there’s no way I can retrieve him, and there’s no way for him to help me. I smile. Clever, clever Facepalm.The pressure plates are both located on a floating platform above my head. I have to walk to the far side of it to place my clone for the pressure plate on top of it, since the blue light only lets me swap, not place clones. Swapping to him, I walk him to the platform, and place a clone on the inversion plate below me. Once it reaches the ceiling, I swap to it, and place an inverted clone on the inverted pressure plate on the underside of the floating platform. The final slab opens in the floor.But…I can’t reach the orbs. Moving will move my clones off the pressure plates, and I have no more clones to place. Poor number five. I need him…somehow.Or…do I?Some time later, I’m able to open the slabs using only three clones. I ready my aim to place my final clone. I have to drop him right in the opening, else I risk closing it up and ruining my setup. That only gives me a second to swap. No sweat. Done it a million times.I miss. My clone drops into the pit.I can’t help but laugh, and realize how much I love The Swapper.The aforementioned snippet from my time with The Swapper is only one of the excellent brain teasing puzzles awaiting you, if you decide to embark on this adventure. And there’s no good reason why you shouldn’t. In almost all areas, The Swapper stands with the best.I don’t usually comment about a games’ audio unless it’s bad remark, but The Swapper has some of the best audio around. I love the distinct sounds of the Swapper gun, the reabsorption of clones, the collection of orbs, and even the sound of falling to my death. I also adore the sounds played at the main menu when the mouse pointer hovers over the different options. I found myself spending at least a few minutes at the main menu of the game every time I played, listening to the sounds I was able to make.The score is also phenomenal. It’s uncannily soothing and relaxing, yet also mysterious and foreboding. I love listening to it while working or writing, especially when I’m stressed, or when I need help falling asleep. As someone who usually only prefers main themes, I hold The Swapper’s entire score in high regard.The puzzles are all excellent, and the Swapper device is extremely interesting and inspired. Even areas outside of the puzzles are interesting and fun to explore. Facepalm does a great job of taking a tool with only a few functions and using it in interesting ways, most notably by pitting the environment against you. Although few and far between, the zero gravity areas are great examples (using the device not to swap or create clones, but to propel yourself forward). But the best antagonists of the game are the lights.As mentioned earlier, these effect what you can and cannot do with the Swapper device while you’re aiming into their light. Blue lets you swap to clones, but not place them. Red is the exact opposite. Purple doesn’t let do anything with the device. In writing, this may sound basic. But when multiple lights are shining on different parts of the puzzle that you need to access, it changes your options completely. What could have been a simple situation of knowing where you want to place your clones and swap quickly becomes the question of “Ok, where can I place the clones and swap?” Because of this, what could have been boring and dull is not. All the puzzles are interesting and well designed, proposing the fun yet sometimes complex challenge of adapting to the environment and placing clones wisely.Puzzle games may not be known for their story, and The Swapper does not break any barriers in this regard either, but the plot is enjoyable. Memory terminals hold the majority of the story and what happened to the crew aboard the doomed vessel, and accessing them is often a fun way to use your device outside of obvious puzzle areas. The enigmatic Watchers also hold many secrets and interesting perspectives, but that’s for you to discover on your own. I’m actually most impressed by the ideas in the plot that are hinted at, but never spoken. What is survival? What, really, is life? Like the best plots in games, I am left to my own conclusions and answers.If The Swapper were to have a weak point, it would have to be the graphics. Not bad by any means, but for the most part not jaw dropping. It’s clear that gameplay and design are the stars here. And that’s not a complaint.Over the course of my time with it, The Swapper has become one of my very favorite puzzle games, and is a game that (in my humble opinion, anyway) everyone should play at one time or another. It may be a bold statement (no pun intended) but the Swapper device has all the character to stand toe-to-toe with Valve’s Portal gun any day of the week. Facepalm should be rightfully proud: their game may be about making clones, but The Swapper is anything but one."
76561198078784788,Recommended,231160,25402475,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,mafalda_157,"It's basically The Talos Principle in SPACE, with posh accents and somehow evenmoreexistential angst."
76561198014197414,Recommended,231160,21047838,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cookie,one of the best games I've ever played
76561197969466441,Recommended,231160,355741,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,thehermit2,"The Swapper is a cute puzzle platformer with a unique mechanic and great sci-fi story and atmosphere.  I finished it in a little over six hours, but since many of the puzzles are frustrating and need to be walked away from for a while before returning to them fresh, it took me about two weeks.  The down side is I don't see a level editor or much replay potential, but what there is is clever and fun.  At $14.99, I recommend waiting until this one goes on sale."
,Recommended,231160,25498996,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,iriantuu,"For a shorter game, this title hits all my key points: well-done narrative, interesting mechanics, puzzles that are just challenging enough, and remains fun through all 6-8 hours of gameplay.  Highly recommended!"
76561198263623241,Recommended,231160,25499579,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,rafi677,Very good puzzle game with philosophical story that ties nicely with gameplay mechanics. Puzzels are well designed and range from easy to really difficult. The Swapper is easily worth your time and money.
,Recommended,231160,25449184,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hatool,"Pretty cool game.Love the mysterious Sci-Fi atmosphere, pretty interesting story.Very interesting game mechanics and awesome mind bending puzzles.I recommend!"
,Recommended,231160,25475294,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Cartina,"The standard curse of puzzle games do apply and this game is too short, but it does offer a little replayability in terms of achievements and hidden areas.But the puzzles are very well designed, the solutions feels clever and very 'aha!' when you figure it out and a few of them were very hard to figure out. Controls are smooth and easy to pick up. The swapping mechanic and the general story is top notch.Highly recommended for puzzle fans."
,Recommended,231160,14251960,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,billbotics,"I awoke from my nightmare with sweat pouring out of my brow down the barrel of the shotgun crammed in my mouth. I wanted to pull the trigger, but the nightmare began again. Trapped, trapped in a furnace with nowhere to run. It was all I could do to not scream, because I COULD not scream. For Ice cream. I hunted. I looked. I sat down. I found it. There it was. No, it wasn't. I hunted again, there I found the deer... the deer that plagued my lucid life. It was infected with bunny worms and it was not going to take maybe for an answer. Fecal remnants of splatter lined his cornea, and it smelled of memories of my Grandfather. That Grandfather clock that I would use as a toilet when I was 24. Starring Keifer Sutherland.SCORE: (√-1)/0"
,Recommended,231160,10845771,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,what username?,"This is one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. The music, animations, art style, etc. all come together to create an immersive experience that can't be forgotten. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. It is truly one of the most well put-together indie games I've ever played, and I recommend you to experience it too."
76561198044002794,Recommended,231160,10620050,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,funandjam,"another really good side scroller, well worth the $15 or even higher!"
,Recommended,231160,10620397,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Demp,clones r cool darkness of space is cool game is cool welp thanks for reading
,Recommended,231160,13278758,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Stem,"I always forget to make clones below when I make high jumps; thus, I died lots.10/10"
76561198119063755,Recommended,231160,11312878,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Enkidu,"a man builds it's future on the corpses of his past selves.but; although he bears the weight of the macrocosm.sometimes; he flies. and playing this bunch of digital informationi thought i was flying.---in space, no one can hear you scream... because of The Swapper's puzzles. and i didn't need to scream, as everything else was so absorbing; the graphics majestic; the soundtrack great and a bit innovative, i'm sad because it was a bit short, but it could have been repetitive if it was too long; so, no great issues with the game.*written on a PotatOS®"
76561197990850111,Recommended,231160,7638020,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,MadG,"шикарная игра инди индустрии, для любителей космическо-психологической ***"
,Recommended,231160,24860383,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ragnarpk,"This game is amazing. It's incredibly well made, the story is well told, and the puzzles are of high quality.  Definitely worth buying, and worth paying full price for."
76561197995894805,Recommended,231160,30846502,Posted: 30 March,all,Sefu,"Fun puzzler with a very Metroid feel. The graphics are very attractive, and navigation around the station map is very easy. The story is simple but interesting. It isn't too heavy, but it does venture into some philosophy about the nature of consciousness and its relationship to the body."
,Recommended,231160,24928563,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CraftyRice,"A genuinely challenging puzzle game with an amazing soundtrack. While the puzzles are top-notch, the storyline can get somewhat muddled, as most of what you are told comes from logs and ambiguous mumbles from a bunch of rocks. Awesome game that is worth the purchase, but try to get it on sale. It's not terribly long."
76561198078574818,Recommended,231160,24941613,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Alexei Greshenko,"Solid, well-made puzzle game. No combat, but the story is interesting (albeit similar in many ways to Dead Space) and the puzzles are sufficiently challenging.  It's a short game (~6 hrs), so maybe the biggest downside is the low content to price ratio (hrs played : cost).  Probably the best feature is the overall atmosphere of the game - really well executed.Either way, find this game on sale and it should be a no brainer to pick up (assuming you enjoy this style of game).8/10"
,Recommended,231160,25075655,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Maddin,"Great atmospheric puzzle game with an astounding art design and conzept. Story is mostly text deliverd through text and voice messages you collect. Almost anyone is mindblown, when you finally get to solve a riddle you´ve already spend to much time on so easy.I would recommend it to anyone fascinated by puzzle games, its art, mysterys and space."
,Recommended,231160,25184582,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dawid.doruch,"Great game but I wish it was longer. I have had hard times with puzzles twice but somehow I did it. I bought this game on sale, and it was really cheap so can't complain in that area. I would definitively recommend it. Nice GFX and SFX."
76561198000242678,Recommended,231160,26425654,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ruudt,One of the best puzzle games I've played recently
,Recommended,231160,26434906,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,newblood40,It's super cool and I love how the rocks talk. The animation makes me think of old 80's alien movies.
,Recommended,231160,26407538,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Nimeroni,"Fairly good and short game, if spatial puzzle is your thing."
,Recommended,231160,25849776,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Rob,The game seems weird at first but stick with it. The puzzles are really well constructed and are fun to solve. I found them challenging but not too challenging that I couldn't solve them on my own. The story is odd. I tried to follow but in the end I didn't really understand who The Swappers were. The story was secondary to the gameplay though.
,Recommended,231160,26079257,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,StevenNorene,"Simple but fun, challenging and mysterious. Hard and relentless, but makes you feel brillant when you figure out a level. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198001424204,Recommended,231160,26305173,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,joaott,Amazing art game. You need to use your head to go foward.  Take advantage of this price now and buy it. You won´t regret .
,Recommended,231160,26483281,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gbud,Fun game. Had me hooked for a good 5 hours. Got it on special for 3 bucks. Great deal!
76561198020506980,Recommended,231160,26487525,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Awesome puzzle game with a very original mechanic, great visuals and atmosphere, and a cool story with philosophical thoughts."
,Recommended,231160,24664233,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Na Qo Nos,"The combination of unique art style, fascinating plot, ethical dillemas, the sense of mystery and secrets, and well designed puzzles which incorporate highly intuitive mechanics make this my favorite game ever. The soundtrack is also the best I've heard in any game, combining with the art to create a near-perfect ambience.Would recommend to anyone. Totally worth the money."
,Recommended,231160,2317386,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Maelor,"The game presents a worthwhile reflection upon concepts such as identity, cloning, and who you choose to be. Not only that, but the puzzles are crazy fun. Buy this."
,Recommended,231160,24639978,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Yusepe,Being engaged by an intriguing narrative and a well accomplished isolation and gloomy atmosphere while solving puzzles.
76561198011554834,Recommended,231160,26021136,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kaitiaki_mot,"I agree with all the positive reviews. Surprisingly poignant and contemplative for a puzzle platformer, similar to Braid but less pretentious (although I liked Braid a lot, too). Beautiful presentation, especially audio."
,Recommended,231160,26005258,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,bradmen14,One of my favorites ever! Challenging and very fun but simple mechanics. Reminds me of portal
,Recommended,231160,26000952,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Morshay,A nice puzzle experience. Not very difficult but could last a few hours.
76561198063042100,Recommended,231160,25140594,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dOkA,Very creative gameplay with rich graphics and weirdly cool mood. Love it
,Recommended,231160,26568450,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Draugart,The game is very good until the end.The ending was little disappointing.
76561198104843739,Recommended,231160,26029511,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,roelvandoorn,"Very interesting puzzle game with nice minimalistic atmosphere, good sound design and challenging puzzles. Recommend it to anyone who is into serious sci-fi indie puzzle games."
,Recommended,231160,26146673,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Vause,"Alright, 23 minutes into the game and I am loving the design, the atmosphere and ambient sounds, the quotes, the way it just makes you think (I'm not sure if I am just reading too much into things... maybe I am... who cares!? It surprised me in a good way). This game is hella amazing. No regrets purchasing it!"
,Recommended,231160,10696145,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,.N,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING 10/10THIS IS THE BEST GAME
76561198209684353,Recommended,231160,30694807,Posted: 23 March,all,upasaka.derringer,"Original, creative puzzle platformer.  Some of the puzzles made me feel like an idiot for not getting them immediately once I'd finally figured them out, but for the most part, they struck the right balance between fun and challenging."
,Recommended,231160,609594,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Walbertonio,"More impressive than any Triple A game I've played for a few years, The Swapper has a great blend of mechanics versus story, creepy environs and even creepier truthes to be discovered."
,Recommended,231160,21009898,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MasonIsAmazing,"Puzzle games are my favorite genre, and this game deserves a place right up there next to portal."
76561198000088775,Recommended,231160,21003911,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TaBull,Yes I recommend. However I was very sad when this did not have more gameplay content. Enough though to justify the price.
76561198166786809,Recommended,231160,20978904,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mhennessy,Fantastic Game....thoroughly enjoyed it!
,Recommended,231160,21023881,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lummie,This is absdolutely the best game to come out since Portal / Portal 2.  Taxing on the mind and beautiful atmospheric graphics. Simply awesome...
,Recommended,231160,21044256,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kelson,"Cute mechanic withlight attempts at exploring the ""killing your clone"" genre. Decent puzzles."
,Recommended,231160,21071480,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Golden Freeman,"Great game. I'm not a big puzzle game player, but I found this to be immensely satisfying. Should be noted that my time played is way longer than the game actually is because I left the game on after I fell asleep for the night once. It's probably about 6 hours long."
,Recommended,231160,21594643,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LostTARDIS,"Puzzle games can get boring when too easy, frustrating when to difficult, this one is just right and has an interesting plot."
,Recommended,231160,21599351,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,✿ɔiɈɘʜɈƨ∍∀,"Its worth playing for sure,Just be sure to pay attention to the details."
,Recommended,231160,22090477,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,zhansistor,Good game. But not again...
76561198093587107,Recommended,231160,7219017,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Viridian,''You go first''- Unnamed Astronauht #422
,Recommended,231160,21916914,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,LawnBuffalo,"I had a great time with this one, very well thought out game"
,Recommended,231160,21934767,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CB,"Interesting, if a bit far-fetched, story. Some neat developments that leave hanging some existential questions.Game mechanics make for some thoughtful puzzles, and lead to some great ""ah-ha"" moments. Some of the toughest puzzles are very rewarding to solve. Only one room baffled me so much that I had to resort to a walkthrough, and it was because I had missed a puzzle element, not because it was a dumb solution.Overall good actiony puzzler."
76561198100135668,Recommended,231160,21937310,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bennybuffa,Beautiful. Profound. I cried.
76561198260365514,Recommended,231160,28422990,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,alexig42,"Amazing. Just amazing.First off, the puzzles were nice and brain-melting.Even though there are so few elements (cloning, swapping, boxes, buttons, tractor beams and gravity), and no more than a few of each in any one puzzle, they can get so complicated. Not quite as hard as 'Portal Stories: Mel', but still hard. I only had to look up the answer for a puzzle twice.And like another review has said,you're never just a 'eureka' moment away from solving a puzzle. You're always discovering little clever things you can do in the puzzle, testing hypotheses, trying things out, and finally managing to connect what you know to solve the puzzle. It's wonderfully refreshing, and it feels amazing when you finally succeed.The storyline is top-notch.Philosophical and accessible, but not remotely boring. I won't spoil it.The game is open-world and non-linear, butthere isn't any huge backtracking. You'll see what I mean.There's nothing more I think I can say. Just get the game.If you liked Portal and Braid, you'll love this."
76561198052347169,Recommended,231160,28233901,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AK_Icebear,"Beautifully atmospheric puzzle platformer. One complaint is the pacing/difficulty scale of the puzzles is variable, but still recommended at USD 10 or less."
,Recommended,231160,1613825,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,mrfurious,"This game is awesome. Like Portal, but more atmospheric."
76561198341267421,Recommended,231160,28215086,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,superpoco,"6/10 recommended IF you like puzzle game+ great atmosphere+ pretty visual+ amazing music+ clever puzzle- story suppose to have deeper meaning, but if you like watching sci-fi movie, the story is predictible- need more cutscene or longer ending"
,Recommended,231160,28264148,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DancesWithMilves,"What a lovely game! It may be the first puzzle platformer I've played where the difficulty doesn't hinge on constantly adding new skills and tools to figure out, but rather on discovering ingenious new ways to use the few tools you do have.You have all the skills you will get after the first few puzzles, but every puzzle until the end of the game forces you to find new ways to use the two abilities you are given. This makes every new breakthrough immensely satisfying. I've spent several sessions with this game banging my head against the wall until I figured it out, and every time the solution seems simple and elegant. All of this unfolds while you're immersed in a fantastic atmosphere and well fleshed out universe. The ending is so great that I'll probably play it through again, just for the plot. And I've never felt a need to re-play a puzzle game after I've solved all the puzzles.Definitely a game worth buying if you enjoy puzzles, thinking, outer space or beautiful settings. Also, I wouldn't try to play it with a controller - you will need the fast reflexes and precision you get using a mouse."
,Recommended,231160,28219862,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Reytr,"Interesting story, challenging puzzle"
76561198020310580,Recommended,231160,28262704,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,volvovics,"Excellent game, hard puzzles and good story."
76561197970728391,Recommended,231160,28191285,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"Quite the different game. You are an astronaut(?) on a desolate world where you are aparantely not alone. As game goes on, you get some very strange messages and read logs of the previous visitors. The game play involves you using an experimental device to create clones of yourself (up to 4) to help you beat puzzles and progress through the many levels that there are. Nice story, music, and puzzles that will really test your brain. The puzzles can get quite complicated sometimes, and as you get deeper in the game, you can get lost with all the teleports you have to go through. Very challenging game that will leave your head spinning and you frustrated at times, but worth it when you finally beat it."
76561198032981684,Recommended,231160,28187677,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jediknight,I don't know what it is about this game but it is STRANGE. This phenomenon requires further investigation. I will log back with my findings...
,Recommended,231160,28637644,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sheppy,"In terms of puzzling this game is among the best I ever played. That's said by someone who doesn't exactly like puzzling games and hasn't played much more than Trine and Portal in terms of that grene, however the game is very short, only about 4h. I bought it on sale for 3€ so I feel like thats totally fine, but given the default 20€ price tag I'd expected more playtime.The story is OK but not as great as many of the reviews suggest, it's a very minimalistic, somewhat philosophical story with a good ending. Solid overall but, well, I guess minimalistic is the word that describes it best. The game has no real replay-value in my opinion and while the overall difficulty was OK, I feel like the game could have used some actually difficult (maybe optional) puzzles since there were only about 3 Puzzles in the entire game that took me longer than 3 minutes to solve."
,Recommended,231160,28629697,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Yeesha,If you like Portal than you should play this game too.Great puzzles and story.
,Recommended,231160,28681385,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CryptDemon,"Excellent game.  Nice art style, fun story, and some of the best puzzles I've seen in a while.  Really great experience especially considering the price."
,Recommended,231160,12972607,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,^make,"The Swapper is a game made by a tiny independent game studio called Facepalm Games.The Swapper is their first game and a really good one aswell (quickly became one of my favourite games of all time).You play as a guy who has been stranded on a damaged space station and your mission is to escape from there.As your weapon you have a hand-held cloning tool that you can and will use to get through puzzles and other traps.I recommend this game to you if you enjoy puzzle, sci-fi or just indie games in general.Totally worth the 14 Euros it goes for.TLDR; A Puzzle game with a cloning tool. 5/5 would recommend."
76561198075052752,Recommended,231160,28769136,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bejoscha,"Very nice game with good atmosphere. The riddles are not too hard, so that the game stays fluid. Not extremely long, though. Played through it in 2 session ( total 7 hrs ), but I think that's good value for money."
,Recommended,231160,28834127,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LeviathanZiz,"Great concept for a puzzler.   The puzzles were difficult enough to be interesting but not so hard that they were frustrating.  If you loved Portal or Talos Principle, you will enjoy this game."
76561198115302552,Recommended,231160,28825297,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LightSaber,"Nice game, I would give 10/10.Out of gameplay, it is very novel and innovative. I like it. It is not like any puzzle I've met before. It is the kind of game that you spend some time on a puzzle couldnt figure it out but all of a sudden and you was like &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥how can i miss that."" The game overall is not hard, you should be able to pass all of them without any walkthrough. The time for game is appropriate for a standard puzzle game with plot. Feel free to rush it out one-time.Out of the plot, The game did only an above average work. I can see the game tried to discuss and go into some very interesting questions. But all of them seem not enough.From what I can see, the game try to discuss 'what makes you you' and 'what would you do to live on'. The question of what makes you you is rather integrated throughout the game as you keep creating new bodies and swaping urself with'em. The game focused on this point for a tiny minute and switched to a ""former"" swapper landed on the station some more while ago.There were already two individual human brain constrained on the station. These two were terminal illness patients and tried to live on by accepting a contract that the research station staff would keep them alive, in return they would be studied. The game introduced the concept of ""What would you do to live on."" Suggesting that the two individuals did what they have to do ""survive only as a brain"", so they could live on.Latter this ""former swapper"" got onto the station. She unsealed … in brief just say a monster. In order to live on, she let the two brain-people to swap into her soul, creating a triple-character, as there are 3 people in this body. Elaborated on ""She did what she had to, to live.""But these plot only got introduced in the late gameplay, which makes sense as it is a puzzle indie game and you do not expect an early game plot. What i want to say is this ""late"" is very very late. Throughout the entire game, you'll feel like the character you're playing inside the game is watching the ""former swapper""'s story. In other word is that you're watching your character watching another story happening.The character you're playing is isolated from the game plot until the very last instance. which makes me feel the plot is very distant. If the game already tried to dig deep into this question, why not start to integrate the player into this entire plot at least from mid-gameplay?That's only MY thought on the plot focus. The plot is good, if I was unclear. Overall the game is worth playing, and is worth the price."
,Recommended,231160,28827761,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Neomone,What an excellent game! Great puzzles and a unique mechanic that the developers use very well. A great and thought provoking story. Very worth playing.
,Recommended,231160,28854991,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CattailGamer,Its good.ok really great atmosphere great puzzles great controls great story (so far) go out support the devs buy it ... i dont really so how to end this thats all there is to it really....buy it yet?*whistles**sips tea*are you still reading this?....buy the game
76561197996694288,Recommended,231160,28878467,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jetblack87,bravo
,Recommended,231160,28882202,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nix-,"This game will bend your mind! Really enjoyed it! Some levels really took some creativity to solve! Graphics are superb, sound is superb, a work of love!"
76561198023019827,Recommended,231160,11712436,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: GreatDifficulty: Medium, a few HighLikes:- Good story / writing- Well-designed puzzles- Atmospheric"
76561197998981836,Recommended,231160,29123150,Posted: 8 January,all,GK,"If you finish all the puzzles on your own you'll feel super smart. Most of these are challenging. A cool backing ""identity question"" story and a charming void of space setting. I really liked how time almost completely stops so you can chain your swaps. Took me about 6 obsessive hours."
,Recommended,231160,20469387,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Steviemon,"I really enjoyed the puzzles in this game and thought the cloning and swapping mechanics were really clever and fun to use. If you like story driven puzzle games, then you'll enjoy this."
76561198004311401,Recommended,231160,31144937,Posted: 14 April,all,portalnoob,"one of the best puzzle platformers I have played.the atmosphere is seamless, the story is spooky and mysteriousthe puzzles are good, and the overarching themes hit you heavily..."
,Recommended,231160,30214086,Posted: 26 February,all,m44v,"Excellent game, good puzzles and interesting story. The game worked without issues in Ubuntu 15.10."
76561198035450618,Recommended,231160,30252016,Posted: 28 February,all,turiello24,"KILLER puzzle game.  I was addicted until I finished.  Played some boards with a Scotch buzz and then some stone cold sober to have any chance of figuring them out.  Definitely taxes your brain as you walk away thinking about how to beat that puzzle next time you play.  Great for late night game playing when you can concentrate.Highly recommended.  I also recommend Inside and Limbo, two other great puzzle games if your into this.  Just got tired of years of FPS's.................."
76561198037773472,Recommended,231160,30182772,Posted: 25 February,all,Turticus,Fantastic Game. I thought it would be a little im14andthisisdeep -ish but I actually enjoyed it. Its a short beautiful game so I'd wait for it to be on sale.
76561198046365686,Recommended,231160,30219403,Posted: 27 February,all,bbck12,Sometimes challenging but all the time very interesting. Really itches your craving for interesting puzzles while providing an overarching story / philosophical discussion.
76561198041286656,Recommended,231160,31164330,Posted: 15 April,all,Jiminy Cricket,"This game has my approval [difficult task].  Your biggest enemy - gravity.  If you're a numb-skull shoot-em-up kind of gamer, don't bother getting this game.  You'll end up leaving a lame review, tainting the beauty of The Swapper forever.  No one wants that.  Go back to blowing up robots, it's okay.If you're not a shoot-em-up numb-skull kind of gamer dude, then you will love this game.  It even cracked me up a couple of times [though some may consider these moments temporary bursts of insanity].  That's okay too, because I believe there is an air about this game that attempts to drive you mad, or at least make you feel like you're alone, lost in space, which is enough to drive you mad.  If you've managed to read this entire review, you are obviously mad already.  So, do yourself a favor, and find insanity, because this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,231160,31180615,Posted: 16 April,all,Grizly,"Challenging puzzles, which really make you think out of the box. Also great atmosphere, and an absolutely amazing ending.Awsome (and special) game!"
,Recommended,231160,30264802,Posted: 1 March,all,Tomiply,"The Swapper is an excellent puzzle game with an interesting story and great atmosphere. The music is haunting, the puzzles are creative; I highly recommend you get it."
76561198143361616,Recommended,231160,31270713,Posted: 21 April,all,Ravnican Vangaurd,"This is arguably one of the best indie games I have ever played. Facepalm Studios' hardwork really show in the ambience, the hand crafted visuals, the story, the pacing and challenging puzzles. I would totally be down to play a sequel or another game made by this studio. Would recommend this if you love a deep, thought provoking science fiction sidescrolling puzzle solving."
,Recommended,231160,550128,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Benjamin Franklin,"I’ve had The Swapper on the brain for a few days, having finished it recently. It isn’t a long game, but it’s sticking with me. I’ve been struggling to figure out how, exactly, to sell this game to people(and yes, I’m compelled to sell this game to people). It’s an indie game from an unknown studio. It’s a side scroller, though it would be silly to call it a platformer. It’s a puzzle game. It has a somewhat cryptic story with heavy philosophical themes. If all you had to go on were these descriptors, I think you’d be pretty justified in passing on this game - no doubt most gamers have already played some of its most direct peers, starting with Braid and perhaps ending with Fez. For sure, there’s valid comparisons to be made between The Swapper and those games, but there are important differences. On top of that, I would not just say that The Swapper compares favorably with its peers; it stands head and shoulders over them as one of the very best games of its kind.The game takes place on a remote, derelict space station, where research had been taking place on a device capable of cloning its user, as well as “swapping” the user between these clones(and anything else with a mind, though the gameplay does not take advantage of that). This technology is based on the physiology of a race of sentient rocks, many samples of which are also on board, that appear to share some kind of telepathy or hive mind. The principal debates of characters in the story, both the kind that you meet and the kind that you encounter in crew logs, are about the ethics and implications of the swapper technology, as well as the actual nature of “swapping”, as a concept; big topics in philosophy of mind are very consciously touched on in the course of this. What is a mind, if anything? What do we mean by “I”? These are real issues in philosophy(and even neuroscience) even today, and it is interesting to see a game approach them so directly.Even with these weighty topics under consideration, the dialogue is relatively sparse. The player spends most of his or her time alone with their clones, which never speak. Wandering the quiet halls of the station is genuinely creepy, even if you know that nothing will ever jump out and grab you. The Swapper feels bleak and lonely in a way that is rarely done well by games, especially games as beautiful as this one. One of The Swapper’s unique qualities is its look. The whole world appears to be assembled out of real-world junk, such as tin cans and volcanic rocks. Light and color are used especially well. Much of the space station reminded me, in its color palette and juxtaposition of bright lights and dark shadows, of the surface shots in the 2009 movie Moon.Light and color also factor into the puzzles. Clones and swapping are the central mechanic, but colored lights and doors operated by switches provide the structure of a given puzzle. You need to place a clone on a particular switch to open the door to your objective, but you can’t place a clone in blue light. You have a clone in a position you yourself need to be in, but you can’t swap through the red light he’s in the middle of. And so on. The puzzles are brilliantly constructed and at times very challenging. The developers went so far as to impose some very specific requirements for timing and positioning, so as to avoid Portal-style puzzle pitfalls, where puzzles can be brute forced by trying every possible solution. The solutions just require too much precision for that to work, but in the end, that just makes it all the more satisfying.The Swapper’s competition couldn’t be more stiff. It’s a year crowded with great games, and a genre crowded with great games that read very similarly. It takes a special game to stand out in spite of all that. The Swapper is that game. And it’s $15. Come on."
76561198094231333,Recommended,231160,20537464,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Vincent Blond,Puzzles in an immersive game where wonder about both those ones and a sort of philosophical questions.
76561198205431325,Recommended,231160,21443448,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,I_Wanna_Be_Hef,"Before I even begin, I am one beloved fan of THE SWAPPER.  I just came back to check to see if the Publisher has a SEQUEL yet?  Please, give us a Sequel ... PRETTY PLEASE !!![Okay, ya'll can read my review now ...]This is one of the first Indie games that I have played, because I am new to Steam.  However, I was SO IMPRESSED.  I didn't really understand the concepts of the duplication and replication when I first started playing the game.  Because, I got a little flustered at first, because I had trouble learning to jump just right to get over things.  However, after that slightly ""rough beginning"", I got hooked and played the games in the evening to the bitter end.  And, I was heart-broken when it ended.  One of the better, if not best, small company games (i.e., Indie) that I have ever played.  I usually play Triple-AAA Titles on the Xbox, but now, this Indie game has opened me to the genre and I will really give smaller publishers so much more of a chance after this game.VERY GOOD GAME.  Don't wait for a sale, just buy it and enjoy.  You should really enjoy it!!!"
76561198134538105,Recommended,231160,24543794,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sonny,A short one but enntertaining. The atmosphere created by music and the sceneries is really hipnotic. I recommend it.
,Recommended,231160,24588049,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,bill_notgates,"Loved it, the atmosphere and theme are very similar to the great movie MOON."
,Recommended,231160,24560063,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PurpleDolphin.exe,"This game isnt extremely long but hot damn is it worth it. The narrative is interesting (albeit slightly confusing) and the ending left me in shock for a minute. The puzzles are challenging, and the swapper device itself is an interesting concept (you can create clones and swap between them and they follow your exact actions) which made the puzzles even more difficult. The narrative is intriguing and might make you think a little. I got it on sale and while i dont know if you want to sink a full $15 for the game, its definetely a great experience"
76561198047698160,Recommended,231160,24512606,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Saedin,"I love award-winning, narrative driven puzzle games so this was definitely a great purchase. I'm really enjoying it so far."
76561198015198475,Recommended,231160,2964566,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Sir Falls A Lot,It's like if Dead Space....and...and...um...frik whats a puzzle game.......damn.. It's like a puzzle game dead space..minus the zombie space killingy things
76561198035616741,Recommended,231160,24411760,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lolin Cat,"From the setting of an abandoned space station through the very unique clay look of the models (which were, in fact, all modelled from clay and later digitalized) to the clever puzzles and amazing level design, accompanied by a forlorn and adverce atmosphere and even subtle moments of surprising beauty make this game a gem among all indie games I've played so far."
,Recommended,231160,24337129,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,njlg,"Pretty fun game. A little bit too short once you get going. It took me awhile to understand all the tricks to solve the puzzles, but after awhile they all made sense. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,231160,25716856,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Tazinko,I thought to myself: Can this game be as good as people say it is? Surely it's hype is overblown right? Well I am happy to have been proven wrong. I love pretty mush everything about this game and can't recommend it too highly. I had such a blast with this game that I decided to scrap plans I had for making a video with another game in favor of doing this one first!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4bo7VoDjDw
76561198008438362,Recommended,231160,27106970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wok,I honestly didnt think much of this game when i first saw it. I was looking for a interesting puzzle type game and this one was on sale. I really enjoyed the swapper it is fun and intuitive and kept me entertained for way longer then i thought it would.100% would recommend.
,Recommended,231160,8482314,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Trigger,
76561198137662166,Recommended,231160,12752371,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lewis,"I Absolutely loved this game the graphics and music are so amazing the game just flows really nice, One of the best puzzle games i have played, There is not a single fault i found with this game, It's definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,231160,12682776,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,"Tomas ""Ya Bird"" Jefferson","A wonderfully designed puzzle game that ramps up in difficulty to almost crazy heights in the last few puzzle rooms.  The strange plot will keep you moving forward, as will the hand-designed graphics!"
,Recommended,231160,13293814,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is a really cool, atmospheric puzzle game. In terms of perspective and production design, it reminds me a lot of Metroid (NES) and it has a beautiful soundtrack to match the melancholic feel of the world. For an Indie game, this is surprisingly spick and span with no noticeable hiccups in the visuals or the audio (i.e. popping or peaking during dialogue, poorly balanced mastering and/or equalizing, poor choice of plug-in effects or seemingly random, annoying noises). If you're in the right mood, this is both challenging and rewarding. *****"
76561197998355551,Recommended,231160,13314124,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Loopy_Cecil,"One of, if not the most aesthetically impressive game I've even played.  The premise is simple yet incredibly well implemented and the story is intriguing and captivating.  Normally I don't do platformers but for this game I'm very glad I made an exception."
76561198027817289,Recommended,231160,13314392,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,disgruntledwombat,"Creative gameplay mechanics and an atmospheric, philosophical story. Good choice for sci-fi or puzzle game fans."
,Recommended,231160,23572660,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,healingpool,"Beautiful game, showcasing the true value of atmosphere and story when overlaid over an interesting game mechanic. Really enjoyed the whole experience and felt challenged at various points."
,Recommended,231160,23823020,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Otecknat,"Manages to be a good game, while simultaneously being a great piece of art.Great visual/aesthetics and sound. A mystery story that leads you on sprinkled with well researched philosophy/cognitive science that's quite unnerving. Original game game play reminiscent of something like Portal and Limbo.I guess the debate about weather games can be as much of art  as film, books and painting and still be considered games have died down a wee bit. But if there is any doubt in your mind you should try Swapper or if you think the discussion is settled and you just want to play a extremely memorable game."
,Recommended,231160,23779850,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,fr4nchu,"I love the concept, simple but have a pleasant graphic, dan nice puzzle."
76561197985389894,Recommended,231160,23799088,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zookle,"great concept great delivery. very cool story with some intense puzzles. not very long, but different than everything else out there. highly recommend!"
76561198070439622,Recommended,231160,24096465,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,hawk.your.eye.out,Its a fun short game with a simple mechanic that calls for a few tough puzzles. The achievements aren't straight forward but they're there if you want to go the extra mile.
76561198025549992,Recommended,231160,3645473,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Actor Jeff Goldblum,"Similiar to Braid, only much darker and more creepy, it's a puzzle platformer that makes you think deeper questions than, ""how do I solve this next puzzle."" Easily completed in 4-5 hours, at the end I found myself immediately wanting to start over and play it again.I also liked it because it reminded me of how I felt playing Metroid as a kid."
76561198031629776,Recommended,231160,24056388,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,shadowsphere100,"The Swapper is a puzzle platformer with the niche mechanic of being able to clone yourself and transfer your consciousness into your other clones. This make for a fun button pressing, doors opening puzzle mechanic. What I think makes this game is the atmosphere that you play in. There is a space mystery going on while you’re solving puzzles and some interesting philosophical questions being tossed around. I won’t tell you anymore because it will be giving the story away.8/10. A very well put together and polished game even though it’s a bit short."
,Recommended,231160,24092841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Snowmind,"Brilliant atmospheric design, a story that unfolds with each screen explored and puzzles that make sense, not overly difficult but based on logic.The Swapper is a little gem of an indie sci-fi puzzle platformer, which coupled with the low purchase price of the steam summer sale, was a must addition to any library (also worth its full price value if you are a fan of the genre). The only downside I can think of, is how short it is, 6-8 hours for a single play-through, longer if you hunt for all 10 of the achievements, without much re-playability.A very enjoyable game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,231160,24092458,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Walter O'Dim,"Good puzzles, nice plot and great graphics."
,Recommended,231160,24090685,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Enix,"This is interesting. Interesting puzzles, interesting mechanic, interesting story. This game definitely tugs at your curiosity to figure out the next challenge and piece together what's going on."
,Recommended,231160,24088359,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vodolaz095,Excellent side scroller puzzle.
,Recommended,231160,20388172,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hydra,No
76561198052752962,Recommended,231160,20378381,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mattias,"An absolutely stunning experience, don't think that I've ever been so emotionally affected by a computer game. It is gorgeous, and the design together with the beautiful piano music gives it such an atmosphere! Several times the game made me shiver. Replayed it almost instantly!It's a very short game. That's both good and bad. The good part is that it sometimes feels relaxing to know that the game won't take you several weeks with side quests, long stories and cinematics. The bad part is that it ends! GIVE ME MORE!I'd give it 5/7."
,Recommended,231160,20364967,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mmxcore,"Perfect atmosphere, just the right levels of dark a gritty for an abandoned space station.  Add to that a neat twist on a 2D puzzle side scroller that starts off very easy but gets rewardingly difficult quickly and you have one heck of a game!"
76561197998033826,Recommended,231160,20596014,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Varelse,"Ejected from an orbiting space station to a lifeless planet and left for dead is how you start this game and the only choice left, is how you will finish it.I don't want to reveal much beyond that, this game draws you in with the wonderfully creepy soundtrack, the abandoned and dark visuals and haunting concept. This is the first puzzle game that I have ever played that left me thinking about the moral ramifications of solving the puzzles at all, let alone to save myself...or at least a version of myself.Simple Summary: Buy and play this game if you want some challenging puzzles within a well-made game that will leave you thinking afterwards."
,Recommended,231160,20012046,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zito,I really wish we had a Metroid like this.
76561198084363059,Recommended,231160,20020848,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yankee_Pants,"Thoughtful, creative, challenging but not impossible.  Attractive graphics and nice background music.  This was a pleasant surprise for a little puzzle game."
,Recommended,231160,2231563,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Neurotic Nincompoop,The ambience in this game is godlike!
,Recommended,231160,20046399,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Barak the Magik Seakow,"This game...oh my god.  There isn't much to say about it, but you absolutely need it.  If you say to yourself ""I don't like puzzle games,"" just know that this is in the exact same league as games like Portal- I repeat, I would put this game at the same level as PORTAL.  So even if you're an action junkie like myself, you'll love this.  Let's cut to the chase:The Swapper starts you off wandering on this bleak, depressing, unknown alien planet inside an outpost.  The crew is completely gone, and you are left confused.  What took the crew?  What are these weird hallucinations I'm getting?  Will I ever escape?The extremely unique and fun game mechanic used is a ""swapper"" gun.  This basically lets you structure up to four clones of yourself at once.  Crazier yet, you can ""swap"" your ""soul"" with any of the other four, meaning you can transfer your perspective as the player.  You can already see how this yields an amazing puzzle dynamic, but it also brings about a disturbing moral question: If you swap your body and the old one dies, did your original ""self"" just die?  This brings me to the next thing: The story.There's very little I should say without spoiling it.  But the story leaves you engaged while confused yet perplexed.  It leaves you constantly questioning what's right, at what point is it worth going on, and why is this even happening?  It's one of the best stories I've seen in a game, no doubt.  And the ending; oh my GOD.  I'm not saying anything, but I literally lost sleep over it.  The ending stuck with me for weeks after, and I'm still occasionally thinking about it months after.  It's epic as hell, and my jaw dropped and back-of-neck-hairs stood as I saw it for the first time.Graphics- It's clay animated.  One of the only, (If not the only, I'm not sure) non-point/click games that does this.  It works excellently, they did a great job.  The game animates naturally and smoothly, and just feels like a joy to play.There are absolutely no bugs so to speak of.The game is at a nice, solid length, taking 5-10 hours to beat if you've never played it and don't know the puzzle solutions.  However, speedrunning it, you can beat it in between 45 minutes and 2 hours.Overall, buy this game.  Jeez it's amazing."
,Recommended,231160,20031692,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PoisonGoomba,"The Swapper is a beautiful and immersive puzzle game, with a throwback to 90's point and click PC games.Every puzzle poses a challenge, but none are too difficult to require looking up the solution. I think the only puzzle that REALLY stumped me was the last one.I am not big on ""stories"" in gameplay, but The Swapper remained interesting, while never interrupting gameplay. However, like most games, the storyline seemed to borrow too much from film.Overall, I definitely recommend  The Swapper to anyone that enjoys puzzle solving games."
,Recommended,231160,20075850,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AltoCrum,it was fine. Just didnt really like the athmosphere. Puzzles were great though
76561198046102973,Recommended,231160,20138775,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,raydelott,Fun and reasonably challenging puzzles. The game has an eerie yet mellow vibe.
,Recommended,231160,20107468,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,prna,"finished the game, got 0/10 achievements0/10 would not recomenmd"
,Recommended,231160,20131544,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,spaneika,Smart platform puzzler with excellent art design and audio in a lonely sci-fi world.  3/5 clones.
,Recommended,231160,19918282,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ekagrah,"One of my favorite games, a fun challenge like Portal the first time you play it. Recommend it to anyone as a simple game to pass the time if anything."
76561198094051631,Recommended,231160,19928163,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Opus 23 No. 5,"Reveal a million clones, and draw me into your holliness. But there's nothing there. Light only shines, for those who share."
,Recommended,231160,19930543,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nutmegz,Incredible!
76561198033297657,Recommended,231160,21152713,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MEDVEDIC,Amazing atmosphere.
,Recommended,231160,21136199,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,medic,Great game worth the 4$. Awesome puzzles.
,Recommended,231160,21560370,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ggsus,"This game looks very good, has great puzzles and gets you thinking about what it means to be conscious"
76561197996941383,Recommended,231160,21471845,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Holy Kataruna,That is a frigging amazing puzzle game that delivers the brain into new dimensions. I thank the developers for this challenge. Keep them coming.
,Recommended,231160,579660,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,HeyZeusCryst,"Indie sci-fi side-scrolling puzzle platformer with a surprisingly excellent, well paced story. The approach to puzzle solving here is very refreshing. Instead of the rudimentary puzzles found in most games, (find and place the key here, turn a crank there, solve a riddle and open sesame) this reminds me of the thought process involved when solving logic puzzles. ie: a rubix cube, tile puzzle, tower of hanoi,etc. These become increasingly challenging toward the end, though the progressional story is well worth it.The story is intially laid out in an archaic manner, progressively connecting the dots in a relavatory fashion, ultimately leading to a profound choice in the end.Highly recommend buying! Well worth the $!"
,Recommended,231160,543798,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,DecoyOctorok,"This beautiful, thought provoking puzzle game is one of the best examples of gameplay reinforcing the theme of the story. Loved it."
,Recommended,231160,655823,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Azroix,The Swapper is a charming little puzzle platformer. Beneath the tight controls and unsettling atmosphere is a complex story that attempts to bring out the philosophy major in us all. The gameplay is varied enough to keep you interested and the story is delivered at a digestible pace. Definitely recommended if you're looking for something quick and relaxing.
76561198036876710,Recommended,231160,4421132,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Romnor,"Alright, I'm calling it. This is the best puzzle game I have ever had the pleasure to play. Using the same method that Portal executed so masterfully, The Swapper never explicitly tells the player its mechanics, instead teaching the player through remarkably intelligent puzzle design and subtle enviromental cues leaving the player to feel oh-so-smart when they discover on their own what the game is trying to explain.. Hauntingly beautiful with an unparalleled sound design, The Swapper creates a fascinating locale for an experience unlike any other I have played. It's a little on the short side, but I consider it a must-play for anyone mildly interested in puzzle games."
,Recommended,231160,270908,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Human Bean Juice,"""I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.""-William Ernest Henley4 out of 5"
,Recommended,231160,4830956,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,PerspectivePenis,"Very good, has a Metroid feel to it, which is quite a good quality in my opinion. The game is about a lone astronaut that enters an abandoned space station via a teleporter device. He finds a gadget called ""The Swapper"", which allows him to clone himself. He has four clones that he may create when needed, wheather it's by accessing a room (of which there are many in this game), allowing yourself to aquire new items, or performing an iteresting trick to ascend in to the air via creating and possessing your created clones. A great game. If I were to rate it, I would rate it....8.5/10 - Worth it."
76561198015450897,Recommended,231160,7833053,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DETHNDESTRUCTN,"Great puzzle platformer. Not real long, but the puzzles are a lot of fun and it has a good story to it."
,Recommended,231160,7711688,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Wight,"Pretty solid as a puzzle game.   Most of the early puzzles aren't too taxing but there were a couple that had me rather puzzled, which I guess is the point.  The atmosphere of the game is quite good, but it's the story that brings the game to life.  The plot does not patronise the player, and brings up some questions about metaphysics and philosophy of mind that are quite interesting (these questions are never conclusively answered by the game, but left for the player to decide).   I didn't get any of the achievements (apparently there were hidden consoles somewhere, but I didn't see any!)"
76561197990552938,Recommended,231160,8046987,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Cidthedarkangel,"The Swapper is the kind of game that you get lost in.  Its brilliant and unique approach to puzzle solving will keep you glued to your computer, and its fantastic, mind bending narrative will keep you wanting to go deeper.  Highly recommended to anyone who is a fan of good puzzle games or just good science fiction.  10/10!"
76561197964742061,Recommended,231160,191805,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Myxus,"As thought-provoking as it is puzzling, The Swapper is a truly remarkable and memorable indie platformer. The visuals and soundtrack add to a very unique atmospheric experience, even though you may want to rip your hair out from time to time.  Challenging but well worth the toll!"
,Recommended,231160,8415021,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,skawaii,"Very fun and challenging puzzle solving game with unique game mechanics. Very nice graphics, to boot. I recommend it."
76561197974940308,Recommended,231160,8415114,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dangit Bobby,"The game is fun, and the controls are easy to learn. It's worth buying."
,Recommended,231160,8412055,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skyler3164,"Absolutely amazing game!  The graphics, sound, art, environment are all top notch.   I would love for these guys to do a metroid game in this style!My only complaint is its a bit short.    For my first playthrough I took my time and it took about 3 hours, but there are speed runs online that complete the game in ~30 min.  So don't expect a long epic quest of a game.But for what it is, its great, and on a steam sale, its a no brainer buy."
76561197960518913,Recommended,231160,8416175,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kraki,"Very interesting concept side scroller.  Essentially you've got 2 tools in your kit:- ""Make a clone""- ""Make ME that clone""The side affect of ""Make a clone"" is time is slowed while you plant your new body which means you can do a LOT of things so long as you don't feel bad about your clones going ""splat"".Puzzles starting to get a bit more challenging about 30-45 minutes in so I bet there are going to be some real stumpers later."
,Recommended,231160,8417846,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DragonFax,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Yes its a 2d platformer, but with a rich story, the puzzles are complex, challenging and fun, as well as original. You won't regret the purchase, and infact you'll be glued to the game until you finish it. Its also got a decent length to it."
,Recommended,231160,7552649,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,postuumi,It has about 3 to 4 hours worth of good puzzles in it. I recommend that you use achievement guide for more story bits those are tough to find otherwise. Also the atmosphere is great if you like scifi setting.
,Recommended,231160,8404719,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RMJ,"You know, when people say, this is more than the sum of its parts, as in 1000 people could use this exact same formula and not create something like this.Well this is definitely the case and point here, game of the surface, might not same anything special.But for me this was quite a fun, engaging and unique experience, i will remember.You arent flooded with tutorials per say or crap. You are mostly left to you own with subtle stuff to guide you.This game has a good interesting story, it lets you make up your mind on how you view it, what is wrong and right or good or evil.Game has fun puzzles some of them are quite hard and mind bending, at least they were for me. the game also have secrets, which i managed to find exactly zero of somehow. I normally consider myself fairly good at finding secrets and exploring levels, not in this case it seems.The game is also visually beautiful, it has some amazing, art, and the atmosphere is so thick you could cut it with a knife, But dont try you will just ruin you monitor.Overall i enjoyed this game a lot, sure its not for everyone, and thats fine. its what i like to classify as more than a game, Game / art, truely crafted unique experience. and the ending and leading up to that, you will have to make an interesting choice, at least i find it. And it comes down to what you find morally right.I really hope to see more in either this universe or something, The only downside i would say, is that it was other too soon, but again isnt that always the case with stuff you enjoy, be it games or other stuff.I would 100% recommend this to anyone who enjoyed a handcrafted, unique  experience, with some fun and hard puzzles to boot."
,Recommended,231160,8405352,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sgt. Drake Alexander,One of my favorite games of 2013. It's just all-around excellent.
76561198051876843,Recommended,231160,5557113,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Major Tom,This is a cool and atmosheric indie sci-fi puzzle game with an interesting storyline. One of those games which contain real substance to think about. I wish I could buy the spacey ambient soundtrack to this game. It's awesome.
76561198037295375,Recommended,231160,8406957,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Farmyard Pig,"very artistic puzzle game, it reminds me of portal for a more mature audience"
,Recommended,231160,8408477,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SwaggyP,"What an absolutely fantasic game. Intriguing story, challenging puzzles, and AMAZING atmosphere"
76561198025177523,Recommended,231160,8409999,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dalian_Mark,"Really good game. The controls are simple but there is a lot of complexity to the game. The soundtrack is amazing too, Recreation is my favorite song"
,Recommended,231160,8410213,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bloody,"If you love a good space mistery story, with great music and some good puzzles, you should REALLY try this game. And if you dont, you should give it a try as well!It's a great experience in any case, i enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,231160,576853,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Lordnine,A beautiful and wonderfully creepy game set aboard a derelict spaceship.  Expect challenging puzzles and an intriguing story.
76561197972490364,Recommended,231160,8418808,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Extremer2099,The Swapper is one of those games that is different and makes you think while still being pretty.
76561197963908835,Recommended,231160,8418914,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cronstintein,"I'm not much of a puzzle gamer generally but this one was A+.  Fun puzzles,  a bunch were at that perfect level which required thought but not frustrating.  The general mechanics are fun to use which helps immensely.    Also has a surprisingly good story which made me stay up late to finish it.  Full Recommendation."
76561198050864830,Recommended,231160,8353197,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,omaroni,"Magnificent game, The story is odd and eery but unfold in such a way that it's very difficult not to care for the protagonist (or the antagonist!). The graphics have this clay like rough look to them and they suit the setting perfectly. In addition, one must not forget the  dreadful and helpless aura the sound part of the game add to the wholesome of the experience, It just works.You didn't think that I would forget the most obvious part of the game did you, I'm taking about the puzzles them self. I just want to meet the person who spent god knows how many hours figuring out how to build up puzzle the work around the game selling feature, the swapper gun. You see, in this godforsaken part of the universe a new pivotal device was born. this gun gives you the ability to reproduce your self finitely to help you access certain areas or to hop over insurmountable hurdles, and here where true fun or hair-pulling frustration  start. The first few puzzle are easy and where put in place to help you get accustomed to use this sweat and abominable little gadget.Later on however the get tougher but never impossible and they give you this amazingly satisfying feeling when you figure them out. Finally I urge you to never check any walkthrough and try to solve them with your own mental sweat. One of my favorite game of 2013."
,Recommended,231160,8420983,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AncientEther,Stunningly beautiful game. The puzzles are challenging and rewarding.
,Recommended,231160,8421902,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CarlCX,"Your starship is a tin can, your body is made of clay and you don't exist and never did.things that actually happened: episode 3"
,Recommended,231160,6445907,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Arthur Kirkland,"If you enjoy Limbo, I'd say that you'd enjoy this as much. Though atmospherically different and tricky in some parts, the story mesmerizes me."
76561198007531942,Recommended,231160,16896506,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Theshadow5,"Played half way -> Computer problems, reinstall -> Replayed from the start.No regrets whatsoever, great game.Pros:* surprisingly good graphics and atmosphere.* interesting story.* Some challenging puzzles.Cons:* Hard puzzles can drive you insane (SOLUTION: take a break).Very recommended (under some sale)."
,Recommended,231160,17481674,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kipotlov,Nice puzzle game.
76561198012823553,Recommended,231160,17732387,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Cordyceps,"Haunting and beautiful.  Short, but still worth every penny.  I wish there was more."
76561197999586683,Recommended,231160,1908707,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Mike,This is a really good puzzle/platfomer with a story that gets you involved and a really unique atmosphere. The gameplay is both really fun and at times fairly challenging.
,Recommended,231160,13336120,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,assailant,A quite brilliant atmospheric puzzle game. Explore an abandoned ship completing puzzles to progress the story with an interesting dynamic.
,Recommended,231160,12292138,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ab1g0r,A very clever puzzler with simple but multifaceted core mechanics and a surprisingly engaging narative.
,Recommended,231160,16964295,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,AnxiousCynic,"I've been playing this game for my YouTube channel and I have to say, it's a great experience! I wouldn't have thought that a 2D game like this could be so atmospheric, but everything from the visuals, sound design, and the story create such an immersive atmosphere!It does have great puzzles, and there is a lot of story which - at least for me - might be better understood through multiple playthroughs; all of that combined with the immersion makes this game a definite recommendation!Watch part 1 of my let's play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQyFcV-Zoz8"
,Recommended,231160,12822142,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jackplazma,best indie game ever.
76561197991835401,Recommended,231160,16926709,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ashes and Diamonds,To the point mental arithmetic and atmospohere. Highly recommend.
76561198010673991,Recommended,231160,17182500,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Quack,"The game is excellent.  Thoughtful puzzles that require observation and creativity without being stupid-hard.  It happened to me several times that I found a puzzle outright impossible until I slept on it and realized that I was going about it completely backwards, and the right approach made it trivial.  Very rewarding.  Also, the philosophy, plot, and creepy sci-fi theme totally drew me in.  I give it 6 out 5.  A+."
,Recommended,231160,17685782,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,PUNTCUNCHER,amazing game with thought provoking undertones and brain crunching puzzles! 10/10
,Recommended,231160,17497708,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SRabbelier,"Recently finished playing this game all the way to the end. Some of the puzzles are a tad tricky, but I had a great time playing (and had to look up something on YouTube only a few times). Recommended!"
76561198174619262,Recommended,231160,17645827,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,wintercooled,Having recently finished Portal and Portal 2 this provided a fix for my post-portal gaming void.Like every good puzzle game The Swapper has plenty of challenges that initially seems impossible but when the solution hits you it seems like you should have figured it out ages ago. Nice artwork and atmospheric sounds compliment the game mechanics making it a game that's easy to recommend.I found a few of the puzzles a bit too hard and after looking for the solution in a walkthrough didn't think that they were worthy of a 'facepalm' moment as they are more fiddly than smart but the majority are very well done.I would add that at 12 hours in I am not exactly gripped by the unfolding story but it serves its purpose of stringing the puzzle rooms together.
76561198090972625,Recommended,231160,29239062,Posted: 13 January,all,Hrvatss,"Great game for thinking a bit, I enjoyed every piece of it."
,Recommended,231160,28821447,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,D2O,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,231160,28805964,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wheyman,Relaxing but still challenging.  The atmosphere and theme is very interesting.
,Recommended,231160,28918754,Posted: 1 January,all,andres.ag4,Immersive
76561198027256888,Recommended,231160,28935090,Posted: 2 January,all,OG Paco,Fun and engaging puzzle game with an interesting story.
,Recommended,231160,28909507,Posted: 1 January,all,Ozunu_Ninja,Great puzzle game in which u use a special gun to make copies of yourself and swap places with them+Great puzzles!+That feeling when u beat a rly hard puzzle without looking at guides!+Nice graphics and ambient+Secrets-Never saw any clue or anything about the secrets so u either have to check every corner or look at guides would have been way better if they showed us how to get the first one so that then u know there actually are secrets xd+Srsly puzzles are that good from the easier ones to the harder ones+Different endings-Chose ur ending (pick ur ending at the end would be better if 1 ending is normal and other is if u collect al secrets or something)+Can play it both casual and for the storyAll in all if u want a good puzzle thinker this is for u
,Recommended,231160,28907264,Posted: 1 January,all,h9i9j9,Great game! its a 2d version of portal!
,Recommended,231160,28957467,Posted: 2 January,all,Quintus,Great visual and sound design with a unique gameplay mechanic make this a fun puzzle game with a very interesting story.
76561198080089112,Recommended,231160,28926452,Posted: 1 January,all,t0xicitty,A bit short but quite interesting as a game
,Recommended,231160,28932937,Posted: 2 January,all,Wallbang x.X,"Fun Game , Puzzle are amazing and makes you use your brain.Too short! i want more!! :D"
76561197980109495,Recommended,231160,7524229,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Click Boom,The best platform/puzzle game since Braid.
76561197999894501,Recommended,231160,29084502,Posted: 7 January,all,Ragon,Very well balanced and atmospheric puzzle game. Cool clone gameplay ties well into the overall story.
,Recommended,231160,29020816,Posted: 4 January,all,foleydil,"As a fan of both puzzle games and philosophy, The Swapper was right up my alley. Four compelling hours of gameplay left me wanting more, and a few puzzles had me scratching my head for a while. Very good game for some mind-stretching puzzles and narrative, combined with solid gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,231160,29140695,Posted: 9 January,all,Pwalex,"Can't recommend it enough. I enjoy a good puzzle game, but I find most of them get too challenging too quickly and I just get stuck. This was the prefect balance of challenge, while still being doable for me. I had to look up a hint on a couple of the very last puzzles, but otherwise managed to find the solutions to everything myself.The atmosphere and setting is fantastic, and the story and the moral implications it presents ties in to the gameplay mechanics flawlessly.Prepare to murder a ♥♥♥♥load of clones."
,Recommended,231160,28945143,Posted: 2 January,all,Haigotron,A unique puzzle game with interesting challenges - dones't outstay its welcome. Dark Sci-Fi setting within with a light Metroid-vania layout. Well worth it.
76561198078955366,Recommended,231160,29032284,Posted: 5 January,all,coding,"The graphics, the music, the story, the atmosphere... Absolutely brilliant. 10/10."
,Recommended,231160,24066228,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Count Fuckula,a beautiful experience
76561198082550611,Recommended,231160,24070658,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dr. Chim Richolds,Fun puzzles with unique mechanic.  Interesting story exploring morality and metaphysics.  I haven't been this blown away by a game's atmosphere since the original Bioshock.    Highly recommend
76561198097660975,Recommended,231160,24076781,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HanzGretel,"Fun lil space puzzle game with an interesting atmosphere.Took me 4.7 hours to complete, didn't get a single achievement for the hidden terminals, they're rly well hidden I suppose.Fun mechanic of switching about clones, quite a lot of puzzle variety and solid gameplay.Graphical/Atmospheric style is amazing, haven't seen this style before but it fits the setting very well.Not easy, some puzzle's were quite hard, didn't need any guide though.Also I didn't find a single bug.Conclusion: Solid puzzle game, not very big which might be good because then it doesn't outstay it's welcome with a great atmosphere."
,Recommended,231160,32417904,Posted: 14 June,all,Xaeroxe,"Fantastic game!  Very robust and thorough representation of the concepts involved.  I can't say much without spoiling the game but if the demo video looks even a little interesting to you then pick this up, they expand on these concepts so much."
76561198053676243,Recommended,231160,32191144,Posted: 4 June,all,stegg88,"just finished this unique little puzzle gameBasic premise is you are a spaceman or woman of sorts trapped on a space station. You have a gun, the swapper gun which can create up to 4 clones of yourself which you can then swap into. The game revolves around using the said gun to solve many of the puzzles, some of which are surprisingly difficult. You look for orbs in order to progress the story and the orbs are rewarded for solving these puzzles.Game itself is a 2d platformer.Fantastic game that I thoroughly enjoyed. Music was atmospheric, story was weird yet interesting with a pretty cool ending. Graphics are decent and the gameplay is awesomely simple yet genius.In all fairness it doesnt look like much from the pictures, but it has to be played to understand. Just look at the reviews this game is getting. Phenomenal game, well worth the purchase.If I had to look for downsides though, its not a long game and it doesnt have much in the way of replayability. suits me as I dont have time to spend playing a game for 150 hours but may not be everyones cup of tea."
,Recommended,231160,32165146,Posted: 3 June,all,Jean Liu,"I will give it a thumb up. It'll take some time to solve all those puzzles. After all It's a puzzle game, with some story, but it doesn't combine puzzle with story  very well."
76561198168045697,Recommended,231160,32156965,Posted: 3 June,all,Banana Republic,"Highly recommended. A top-notch storyline with great voice-acting, combined with fun and (at the end) mind-bending puzzles, to make you question existence to the point of insanity (not unlike the story, funnily enough!). Great graphics and simple game controls to really get you into the puzzle-solving zone. Enjoy!"
76561198061676986,Recommended,231160,32197260,Posted: 5 June,all,AraFin,"If you are after a simple, yet complex puzzle solving game with a touch a Sci-fi and mind blowing 2D graphics ... BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197966806336,Recommended,231160,31957216,Posted: 25 May,all,Vko77,"A great game with typical puzzles, but with funny mechanics. Using clones is a wonderful idea.  Highly recommended"
76561198121507416,Recommended,231160,32019228,Posted: 28 May,all,e.allison91,"Simple premise with interesting and difficult puzzles.Somewhat similar to Portal in that you are given simple, binary tools and invited to play around with them. Lots of fun.""Plot"" is pretty thin and the cut scenes mostly just bored me. Didn't feel like the backstory was necessary or added value."
76561198013748285,Recommended,231160,32026570,Posted: 28 May,all,thinblueline36,"Swapper is a tight, wonderfully atmospheric side-scrolling puzzler with no violience, but a surprising amount of death.  Don't worry, they're just clones.  Puzzle difficulty ramps up at a nice pace, and you get all your abilities in the first five minutes of play, so it's not like a game where you bang your head against a wall only to learn there's some other gizmo you need first.  I did have to read a walkthrough for the solution to one puzzle, but only because I didn't realize a certain something could be done slightly differently than I'd been doing it for all previous puzzles.  The story is excellent, and wonderfully delivered.  The only tip I have for new players is turn on subtitles, as the occasional dialogue can be lost due to ambient sound and music.Big thumbs up from me.  It didn't have quite the emotional impact of Limbo or Inside but it was close."
76561197995192247,Recommended,231160,32010739,Posted: 27 May,all,Luft,A short atmospheric puzzle game. Very interesting narrative.
,Recommended,231160,32031291,Posted: 28 May,all,Crazy V,Perfect. Might be the best Indie game I have ever played.Just buy it. Worth every cent.
,Not Recommended,231160,32102991,Posted: 1 June,all,Dova,"The game is over in 3 hours, becomes an ordeal near the end, and no decisions you make during the game affect the final outcome, so you have to play through exactly the same game without any variations other than the order of you picking up stuff, as everything is mandatory in the end. Not a Metroidvania, although definitely a experience, just think really hard before you buy it, especially at this price."
76561197972382461,Recommended,231160,32076492,Posted: 30 May,all,DoGCyN,Great story with great puzzles. Loved it. Only complaint was that it was a bit short.9/10
,Recommended,231160,32067496,Posted: 30 May,all,Zlakob,"The puzzles are fun to play with. There are a couple tricky ones but overall well-designed and balanced.The art style is certainly unique and has its own charm, but I feel there is still a lot of room for improvement.Logs on consoles is not that good of a way to present the story, and making it hard to read certainly doesn't help. The game could be pretty good just as a traditional level based puzzle platformer. Trying to add a little depth with the story elements is not a bad idea, but I feel it could have been done better."
,Recommended,231160,32128489,Posted: 2 June,all,Sitasin1,Amazing title! The atmosphere and storyline are unique for the puzzle platformer genre. The puzzles are at the perfect level of difficulty and with some time and focus the game can be beaten without the use of guides. Can't wait to go back for the very secretive achievements!
,Recommended,231160,32209767,Posted: 5 June,all,majestic failure,"Aside from the ""made from real things"" artstyle, this game doesn't really do anything super original. I don't think I've seen the duplicating yourself concept done this way before, but I just don't think they created anything new. Regardless, I still love this game and it does alot of things very well (kind of like stanger things which is phenominal.). The story is interesting and beautifully philosophical and the ending was really neat. Regardless of what I said earlier, I respect that the clone thing is atleast different. I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys puzzles and you'll have a great time."
,Recommended,231160,28715865,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,costacarolas,It's Limbo in space with sci-fi stuff. Could it get any better? I don't think so.
,Recommended,231160,32725302,Posted: 24 June,all,i'm gay,"I usually hate 2D, Side-Scoller games. But this, in combination with beautiful, not demanding graphics, and interesting mechanics, and story-line made me enjoy this game so much, I had to write this review. Buy, the game, play within 2 hours, and if you don't like it, refund it. This game will not disapoint."
,Recommended,231160,13370379,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,anti_fun,"A fun puzzle platformer with a great sci-fi concept. Existentially interesting if you're in to that, otherwise the story doesn't get in the way.The puzzles feel really good to solve. Not too difficult. Short. The map screen is _terrible_, at least with a controller. Has this one part where you float through space that is great for atmosphere, and then two more just to be annoying.Get it. As the years have gone by I've found myself wishing I could reset my brain to where I hadn't played it just so I could experience it for the first time again."
,Recommended,231160,32908185,Posted: 27 June,all,misofury,Neautifully crafted and highly engaging premise. An absolute steal at the moment as part of the Summer Sale.
,Recommended,231160,32791904,Posted: 25 June,all,Jambooree,"Note: played this on PS4 (maybe a good 12 hours), hence my low game time on Steam. But I loved this game so much that I came back to my computer, install the game, run it for the minimum 5+ min to be allowed to write this review, and then... write the review.Played it once. Excellent tutorial, storytelling, puzzle-solving, graphics, theme, music... + mostly female characters, yay!Read about the achievements. Grumbled that they are truly hidden (very unlikely to run into them by chance) and that I had to restart the game to get them.Played it again for achievements. Enjoyed the story even more, as well as how my problem-solving skills tuned up after the first run-through to make things a lot easier. Not a walk in the park, but easier.Highly recommend this game! Easily one of my favorite indies."
,Recommended,231160,33313212,Posted: 6 July,all,nikmate,Cracking wee game. A little bit different and uses the brain. Had me stumped a few times.
,Recommended,231160,33346669,Posted: 7 July,all,Lyfe csoffer.me,"This is certainly a solid, challenging puzzle game. The story is swell, and will have you following it all the way through. The final puzzle is most certainly the GREATEST challenge, as it alone took me an hour or two to solve, but boy was I ever proud when I solved it.Also, I bought this game during the steam summer sale, it was well worth the money for it."
,Recommended,231160,3589925,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,FR33M4N_of_Yesterday,This game is devious. The puzzles range from pretty straight forward to incredibly tricky. I really enjoyed it.
76561198148156216,Recommended,231160,33387644,Posted: 8 July,all,CatPerspective,"Fun puzzles, interesting story, almost creepy atmosphere.  Fantastic game all around."
,Recommended,231160,33414025,Posted: 9 July,all,}NFG{ Soraya,Decently challenging puzzles. Neat premise & story line.
,Recommended,231160,33417927,Posted: 9 July,all,craseder,"TL;DR If you liked Portal, pick this up.  Neat little experience while it lasts, but some puzzles will make you want to drive a stake through your monitor, which hurts the story's pacing a bit.The game's strong point is its atmosphere.  There's a constant sense of contemplative melancholy, which fits  the game's mechanics quite well.  The narrative, while strong, isn't quite as clever as it thinks it is.  I get the sense that someone on the dev team noticed the macabre nature of the game's central mechanic, and they all sat around pondering the essence of conciousness for a while.Definitely the most unique set of puzzle-platformer mechanics I've seen since Portal.  The puzzles themselves can be quite challenging.  They do a decent job of teaching the mechanics at the beginning, but in some of the later puzzles they ask you to think a little bit outside the box, but don't really give you a starting hint, which would have been nice.  I ended up having to look up 4 of the solutions, but, with one exception, I didn't feel particularly silly after seeing it done.  This is good puzzle design, but it can really kill the pacing if you get stuck for 20 mins, or have to alt-tab to find a solutions video that has jarringly happy music."
76561197967471278,Recommended,231160,29183562,Posted: 11 January,all,smn,"Just finished the game and it is really good.I liked the puzzles, graphics and music, but the story is the most important and it was great"
,Recommended,231160,29469837,Posted: 24 January,all,Abhishek Holmes,"Very Nice game. Puzzles are not too hard, but sometimes requires a thought or two. In all light, this game is fun."
,Recommended,231160,29458122,Posted: 24 January,all,Renegade Master,"This eerie, beautiful, and cerebral sci-fi puzzle game is something I recommend to puzzle lovers especially on sale, and think anyone with significant gaming patience & maturity should check out when on sale. The relatively short playtime length of 8 hours for me, my guess is 2-10 hours for others, may be a deterrant to some gamers.The taglines (""What if someone knew your mind"") don't explain the game well, but its a game where you can create clones of yourself and swap with any one of them using your gun thing. This unique mechanic is accompanied by environmental aspects that influence a number of puzzles and a mature story that unravels after completing most of the puzzles that are available. By the end of the game, you must complete them all to complete the story. It wasn't until the last two unlocks that it threw me any significant story twists and REALLY made me think. After 6 hours with only ~5 puzzles left to solve that were stumpting me, I looked up their solutions on Youtube, but found a version that didn't give the story away, and I think that was worth it to experience the remainder of the story.  I was also interested to learn that this game's achievements are geniunely hidden, and require paying attention to the different logs/messagesI think the game fully utilized the core swapper mechanic such that I couldn't think of any additional ways they could've possibly utilized it.  The visuals and sounds totally fit the game and its settings excellently."
76561198048009244,Recommended,231160,29426486,Posted: 22 January,all,Dr. Van Nostrand,Very good puzzle game with a unique theme and an original gameplay element that makes for a terrific puzzle game.  A good challenge with minimal frustration.  More details on my thoughts on this game can be found here:https://youtu.be/yBh4Kpjjtgs
,Recommended,231160,29414280,Posted: 21 January,all,Djokba,i'm not sure whether this is a game or philosophical inquiry
76561198095122641,Recommended,231160,29349397,Posted: 18 January,all,rmcgui3,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10.
76561198071367953,Recommended,231160,29510793,Posted: 26 January,all,xKumei,"The atmosphere gave me chills. It felt almost like a horror game, but with puzzles and no gore or jump scares."
,Recommended,231160,29339621,Posted: 18 January,all,SoulForMachine,Great puzzles. Atmosphere is good too and adds an ambiental wrapper for the game which is really an abstract puzzle with simple yet effective elements. The only complaint is that ambient music is louder than voice-overs and there is no sepparate volume adjustment.
,Recommended,231160,29341528,Posted: 18 January,all,Jugghayd,"Really, really enjoyed this. Combines elements of Limbo, Portal, and the sci-fi movie Moon, all of which I really like."
76561198025445529,Recommended,231160,29289423,Posted: 15 January,all,elanni405,"Outstanding puzzle game, worth every dollar. Completed main story in ~5 hrs.- Unique & suspenseful sci fi storyline- Great mood - eerie but not intensely horrifying- Beautiful graphics & sound- Good progression of puzzle challenge"
,Recommended,231160,29775676,Posted: 7 February,all,spineofsnow,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. I enjoyed the puzzles. Some are pretty hard but they're all doable with a little thought. The visual design is gorgeous, atmospheric, and alien. The sound design is great and really adds to the feeling of being in an alien situation. The philosophical and science fictional elements are touching and of perfect scale for the game. Overall, it's not just a game, it's an experience. I recommend it to anybody who likes strange science fiction and puzzles. Great achievement. Bravo."
,Recommended,231160,30043598,Posted: 19 February,all,Berlin,Very nice game! Gave me a brainstrain from time to time =).
,Recommended,231160,30085217,Posted: 21 February,all,archdeco,"Good game but the dialogue was barely audible, guys.One of those games where I look up solutions to some puzzles before I should have, because I wanted to see where the story was going."
76561198014345187,Recommended,231160,30097615,Posted: 22 February,all,Psycho,Need more games like Swapper
,Recommended,231160,30071541,Posted: 20 February,all,Nightbeat,Unique visuals and gameplay
76561198016051885,Recommended,231160,30049624,Posted: 19 February,all,dorioo,Had some issues running in full screen but a change to the settings file to disable full screen fixed it. Game and puzzles are great after that.
,Recommended,231160,29888091,Posted: 12 February,all,kazors,"An amazing game, and an unforgettable philosophical science fiction experience.The puzzles are in general very fun, varied and rewarding. The atmosphere is awesome, as so is the music. Even if you are not that much into puzzle games, this is a MUST-PLAY for every sci-fi fan out there."
,Recommended,231160,29812436,Posted: 9 February,all,pink monkey,Good
76561198136210795,Recommended,231160,32381620,Posted: 12 June,all,Tiberious,"It is clever both in the plot and in the puzzles, it looks amazing, it sounds amazing, it is fair, it is challenging.For me it clearly is the game that gives pure satisfaction in every aspect.Grab it, there will be no regret."
76561198172392767,Recommended,231160,32284106,Posted: 8 June,all,Hollow,"""The Swapper"" is a game in which you need to think about how to combine options you have to gain access to areas, solving your way through the game and it's story.It comes as a package of good ambience, music and story from start to finish.During my playthrough I didn't notice any flaws, bugs or crashes. The game seemed very well done.The newbie learning curve was commendable: Nothing was forced on the player but everything was explained when introduced as new mechanic.There's an excellent level design, the game carries it's theme very well and makes good use of all mechanics. As far as I know the swapper in this game is something unique, so far. For an improved gameplay experience without stress and frustration the player may slow down the game when using the swapper device. Very well done.Interface and menu design are pretty well done. Especially the map was very useful as it indicates where prograss has and hasn't been made, assisting the player in where to go and where already been.Checkpoints exist frequently in the world. Also very well done.Loading times for the game's sections are extremely short. Again very well done.Later on teleporters may be unlocked to save the player travel time between the sections. Yet again very well done.The only mediocre thing is the time period spent on a full playthrough: if you're solving your way through the rooms the game may be rather short.Still the game doesn't feel rushed or unpolished at any point, it's just well done from start to finish.Literally the only issue I had with this game was a minor one: No gravity rooms. In those you're supposed to use your swapper's swap-beam for drifting. I'm not 100% sure anymore but I think the game forgot to explain that single thing when it was a new game mechanic. Also the camera turns with the character when drifting through these no gravity areas which may cause health issues for some players (?).The game is good to very good (depending on your personal preference) and in any case very well done.However: This game is clearly not for people that lack patience or do little to not at all care about the story and ambience package.Everyone else: Cleary worth buying and totally recommended.PS: I'm impressed how well designed everything in this game is. I especially like the idea with the mouse cursor on messages: no longer overlapping the text."
,Recommended,231160,32274610,Posted: 8 June,all,Jaripnlujub,"One of the greatest games of all time that I have ever played.  The atmosphere, the story, and the puzzles are all top notch.  My only regret was that the game had to end.  Buy it immediately!"
,Recommended,231160,30159847,Posted: 24 February,all,AlekswithaK,"The atomsphere, tone, puzzles, story / world-building.  This game does all of it perfectly.  Never before have I experienced such genuine awe and horror / fear of the unknown in a video game.  This game will leave you breathless / terrified on a cosmic level / wanting more."
,Recommended,231160,32894533,Posted: 27 June,all,markasoftware,"Although the atmosphere and stylized graphics in this game are great, the puzzles are so-so. They're still good enough for this game to be worth the price, but not amazing. 7/10"
,Recommended,231160,33007024,Posted: 29 June,all,InfiniteAttack,"I played it all the way through. I like Sci-fi games, atmospheric games, space games, basically everything this is tagged with, but the puzzles quickly become boring, although, others may love them. The sounds are great, graphics are unique and cool, and finishing the game was worth it as the ending is very good. The game is short, around 5 hours long."
,Recommended,231160,33011486,Posted: 29 June,all,isaacbee,"A cloning and body-swapping puzzle game with a unique hand-crafted clay-model aesthetic, a well-written philosophical sci-fi narrative, really clever puzzles, and some well-hidden secrets. Highly recommended."
76561198111654939,Recommended,231160,31316485,Posted: 23 April,all,ospond,"I would highly recommendThe Swapperfor the philosophy themes alone. As you explore the remains of a science-fiction space research station, the game leads you through major questions of consciousness, identity, and existence. The content features references to real-life philosophy of mind, including arguments from Daniel Dennett and David Chalmers (prominent modern philosophers of mind), as well as a reference to Kant and undoubtedly other references I didn't get. This is real philosophy, and it's deep. It will get you thinking.Of course, you may be more interested in the game for the puzzles. They are interesting and challenging. Of maybe 30-40 puzzles, only a few are completely trivial and maybe 5-10 are extremely difficult. So, selection of puzzles is good. The core mechanic is fun and unique.Finally, it's very atmospheric, which really helps set up the mood for the philosophical questions and backstory.The only real con is (VAGUE SPOILER) that the storyline leaves open more questions than it answers, whereas I would prefer if things fit together more coherently than they did. However, the way they did it is likely intentional.Overall, this is a top-tier puzzle game and extended philosophical thought experiment. Can't recommend it highly enough."
76561197988743842,Recommended,231160,33770580,Posted: 24 July,all,Jynx,"Inspired by the riddler itself, scenario is really immerssive, so is the soundtrack & the mood of the game itself."
,Recommended,231160,33644803,Posted: 18 July,all,IFcoltransG,"I love this game. The puzzles are require a bit of thought, and are satisfying. Everything looks pretty. I've finished it, and will be going back through it to choose the options I didn't take last time, to see what they do. I bought this on sale, but if I had known it was this good, I would have bought it as soon as I could. It's not worth missing out on The Swapper for what could be weeks or months."
,Recommended,231160,530196,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Smyger (Jakob),"Cool little indie sci-fi game on board a damaged spacestation. It offers tricky puzzles and some great visuals and a well done feel. It features handcrafted art assets and clay props. I feel that the swapper could have been even better than it is, if the player had more choice and even more ways to explore."
,Recommended,231160,33845382,Posted: 27 July,all,Tora,"Short, simple and sweet.More please."
,Recommended,231160,33872697,Posted: 28 July,all,rpfolse,"Interesting and distinctive art, nice sound design, and some very good puzzles (with very little hand-holding). The story, dialogue, and acting were all pretty bland, attempting to make some philosophical statements about identity, but mostly falling a little flat and just wasting time. Still, pretty good gameplay, and fun.6 or 7/10"
,Recommended,231160,7578351,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,F.Zappa,Welcome to my world...
76561198121377585,Recommended,231160,33927285,Posted: 31 July,all,LuCkK!'!◑ pvpro.com,"Well this game gives you beautiful and peaceful music which is very comfortable while playing and lovely, background of space station. The gameplay needs your brain to work, very hard , because it has puzzles like everywhere and some of them are very hard. Story is a liiitle.. bit confusing but! if you try, you might understand it. I recommend you, to buy this game and spend few hours of your life. You wont regret it"
,Recommended,231160,16373232,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PandaJerk007,"The Swapper has some very challenging puzzles, if you feel up for that. It does successfully ease you into them however, with plenty of accessible puzzles to teach you the game mechanics.The art style and atmosphere are great, the story is somewhat interesting and the ending is really memorable!"
,Recommended,231160,34141869,Posted: 10 August,all,Syrius,"First game played on Steam, still one of the best. Soundtrack and the story are great, you will want to find out more.The game itself is quite short and the puzzles entertaining, so maybe not at full price"
76561198031430884,Recommended,231160,34097670,Posted: 8 August,all,nobohfohboh,The swapping mechanic is fun and there are a few techniques to learn.  Overall the puzzles were not too tough but still got me thinking.  Needed help with a couple towards the end though.  Visually there is a decent variety between the levels and overall the sci-fi theme is well done.  Story?  Whatever.  Not much replay value either.  It's worth playing though.
,Recommended,231160,34015185,Posted: 4 August,all,Sumsi,"The athomsphere in this game is very good and the gameplay was very enojyable, too. It almost felt like some kind of Metroid for people who don't want to have fights. The puzzle concept is simple but especially the last ones were some kind of hard for a birdbrain like me. For the 6.5 hours it took me to finish the game ~14€ seems a little bit expensive to me. But on steam sales you should give it a try!"
,Recommended,231160,33984148,Posted: 2 August,all,Mozai,"Nice, chill puzzle platformer, with a taste of ontological dread. Finding the secret message terminals (the ""I"" to ""X"" achivements) was the only thing I resorted to a guide for."
,Recommended,231160,34040038,Posted: 5 August,all,Zoffix Znet,"I never knew how much enjoyment I could get from endlessly clonning myself  a dozen feet up in the air, watching a stream of bodies plummet to their deaths.10/10 Would kill myselves again."
,Recommended,231160,34159148,Posted: 10 August,all,ℛᵸᵞᵗᵸᵐᶳ ♫,"Amazing game with an amazing atmosphere, which was probably my favorite part of it. Nice simple story.Get this if you are:+ A sci-fi fan in general+ Like puzzle driven games+ You don't mind is around 4-8 hours long (depending on how quick you solve the puzzles)If you do get it, please only play it with nice headphones and just the light of your screen"
76561198027852217,Recommended,231160,12481868,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,goldfish,I enjoyed this game. I played it all the way through in one sitting. Play it in a dark room with headphones on; you'll enjoy it more if you become immersed in the environment.
76561198229339772,Recommended,231160,34187242,Posted: 12 August,all,vverdugx,Very nice and clever puzzles in an interesting atmosphere.
76561198099076089,Recommended,231160,34388940,Posted: 20 August,all,garneroutlaw,"Excellent little puzzle game. Really liked the graphics, controls, and most of the puzzles. My only gripes are that 2 of the puzzles are extremely difficult to figure out on your own. 2 of the ~50 puzzles which are actually bad makes for a pretty good record. Thought the story was a little shallow, but glad I gave this game a chance. Recommend if you liked Ori and the Blind Forest. If you are not sure about this, give Ori a chance first IMHO."
,Recommended,231160,34390772,Posted: 21 August,all,okasion1,"It's a very good game; the bad it's that is a little overhyped at the moment, and you will play it thinking is the next Braid (which, by the way, The Swapper is similar in some aspects); it is very very good, but not THAT good.It's very well design, the art, while dark, seems very detailed, the sound.. is average, I don't remember any music, and the most important thing, the puzzles are original and well thought, the learning curve is nice on you so... yeah, it's a very very good game."
76561198044287093,Recommended,231160,34336768,Posted: 18 August,all,galactica79,Pros+Very atmospheric and intriguing+Good story+Great graphics and sounds+Good puzzlesCons-Low replayability-Quite shortThe Swapper is a great game and although it is certainly possible to beat it in only 4 to 5 hours it is definitely worth the money.If you have enjoyed playing Portal or The Talos Principle you should give it a try.
76561198317567305,Recommended,231160,34455017,Posted: 24 August,all,707488782,10/10
,Recommended,231160,34766564,Posted: 5 September,all,Xystem4,"A really fun puzzle game, with an intriguing story that will keep you mystified until the end. The atmosphere built by the game is amazing, and really immserses you.The only issue I have with the game is the achievements. If you play through the whole game first, before looking up walkthroughs, as I did, you'll have to play the entire game again to get them. They're secret rooms, and there's no indication of them existing in the game or the achievements' descriptions, aside from actually testing the walls by walking/cloning into them. That and the fact that the game requires you to play it all over again to see the second ending, when any reasonable person would just youtube a video of it (there's almost no replayability in the game).But those are seriously really minor things, and the gameplay itself is astounding. The puzzles truly stumped me sometimes, and the whole mechanic the game is based on is just pretty unique and cool itself."
,Recommended,231160,34624182,Posted: 30 August,all,JadeMason,"Nice, relaxing puzzle platformer.  I had trouble hearing the voice, so the subtitle option was appreciated.  I think I solved some of the puzzles by accident.  There are some clever ones to figure out, though, that require precise movement and placement. If you see it for under $5 definitely grab it."
76561198276045346,Recommended,231160,26778808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,§€@,9.8/10top 10nuff said
,Recommended,231160,34697625,Posted: 2 September,all,Blitzkrieg Blue,A MASTERPIECE!!!But at ANY cost!Never played a story this much valuable and amazing!!!I've felt inside the game like never before!!!100/10
,Recommended,231160,7627297,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Everybody Loves Sam Jackson,"This is a game that demands a lot from its players, both mechanically and thematically.  Story, gameplay, atmosphere, soundtrack, and worthy sci-fi all combine to push this game far beyond the sum of its parts.  Game of the Year 2013."
,Recommended,231160,24287177,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MPO,"Insidious puzzles, innovative mechanics, deep writing, and a creative presentation make The Swapper a compelling experience.  Watch out though, this one's tough."
76561198400486602,Recommended,231160,35145110,Posted: 22 September,all,NotOnlyMagicMan,"I spent too long on the internet and horribly mistook this for something else, still a good game though."
76561198107999748,Recommended,231160,35349978,Posted: 30 September,all,Fixirt,This game is absolutely amazing. It makes me dab after every puzzle I solve. My hands hurt xD.
76561198332193077,Recommended,231160,35460348,Posted: 3 October,all,əˈrīən,"Magnificent story. Beautiful graphics. Very immersing.10/10, would play again."
