user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,231200,10177371,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Cheeseness,"For those who have not previously come upon it, Kentucky Route Zero is a five part point and click/text adventure hybrid described by its creators as a ""magical realist adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.""I often find Kentucky Route Zero a difficult game to describe. The narrative follows the final delivery of a driver whose company is undergoing financial difficulty, as he seeks out 5 Doogwood Drive, an address that isn't on Conway's maps. Stopping for directions, Conway is told that it can be found on the other side of the Zero, a mysterious underground highway that the game derives its name from. As a vague plot synopsis, that probably isn't immediately appealing, and yet Kentucky Route Zero manages to be one of the most engaging and interesting gaming experiences I've ever had.Gameplay is a juxtaposed combination of traditional style point and click adventure mechanics in 3D scenes for key areas, and evocative text only sequences, punctuated by an exploration oriented ""driving"" interface represented as a stylised overhead map.The choices the game presents you with rarely offer alternate outcomes. In contrast to more traditional point and click adventures, where progressing is a matter of chosing the correct dialogue options or performing the correct tasks, KR0 opts for a far more subtle and resonating style in which your choices define the tone of the game and the attitudes of its characters in response to the situations and predicaments they encounter. In some ways, it feels as though the player's actions control a shifting lens through which subsequent revelations are seen - an understated, yet powerful mechanic that somehow makes the player's actions feel more real and meaningful than one would usually find.The characters in and around the Zero feel deep and rich. Even characters whose appearances seem bit parts carry a sense of life and believability. As the game progresses, Conway attracts a party of companions who join his search for 5 Dogwood Drive, each with their own outlooks and energies, motivations and troubles. Each new character shifts the dynamics of character exposition, bringing new aspects of familiar faces into relief with the flashlight of their own perspectives.Visually, Kentucky Route Zero offers a deceptively simple style, and at first glance could be mistaken for 2D vector work. Instead, KR0's point and click scenes are entirely 3D, combining some great set design, fantastic lighting and some nice camera work with dynamic effects that work to enhance and support the game's aesthetics rather than define them (in particular, there's a super neat bit with some trees towards the end of Act II that creates an opportunity for two pairs of characters' contrasting experiences and enthusiasm to be presented at once in a way that is both interesting and in some ways moving).From a sound design perspective, the game is equally striking, with the already atmospheric visual and narrative tone boosted further by the kind of immersive soundscapes that tend to not be directly noticed until highlighted, but as soon as you're aware, you can't help but admire them.Kentucky Route Zero is a masterful work of interactive storytelling that is executed astoundingly well. For those who already know this, here area coupleof articlesandinterviewswhich are worth checking out if you haven't come across them already.If you're undecided or would like to see more examples of this team's narrative work, Cardboard Computer have so far released two free standalone interludes,Limits and Demonstrations, andThe Entertainment, which take place between Acts I and II, and Acts II and III respectively."
76561198036156656,Recommended,231200,7726458,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,eys,"I never played many point and click games so I wasn't sure what to expect going in, but I really enjoyed my time with Kentucky Route Zero. Its strange and puzzling story/atmosphere will certainly bring in fans of David Lynch and surreal story lovers.Soak in the world, the characters and the music. Don't speed your way through.And While all the acts aren't out yet, I only have positive feelings towards the devs. They are taking their time to make it the best they can!"
,Recommended,231200,10779364,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Octopus on Fire,"I've finished the 1st Act and I have to say I'm impressed.About 10 years ago, I went to a university course on ""Hyperliterature and new forms of narration"". It was very enlightening, we studied some of the new waves of storytelling, watched some David Lynch movies, played some live rpg games (based on Kult, best rpg ever) and so on... best course I ever attended, shame it was so short. I remember writing an essay about videogames, mostly focused on my experiences with graphic adventures and a game I couldn't stop playing by then called Half Life 2.I just wish I could go back again today, after playing Kentucky Route Zero. It feels like the kind of game I was wishing for in those days.KR0 is a captivating exercise of storytelling, sucks you in from the beginning and minimizes the interface to focus on the audiovisual experience. Same goes for all the technical aspects of the game. Graphics, music and gameplay are well polished and just let you enjoy the story without getting in the way. They all do their part, and do it very good.The enviroment is dreamlike, inmersive, deceptively lifeless. So many details  appearing out of the corner of the player's eye, so many left to the player's imagination.This is not a usual adventure, but more an interactive story. The narration comes mostly from what you see and what you hear, saving you from reading huge walls of text. Actually, the text is just another element, and it doesn't give any important information most of the time. It does add up to the overall experience and it's a pleasure to read.Something that caught my attention is that you never seem to be in control, just like in a dream. Your mind will struggle to follow a logic path to the story, but the game will break your will and ultimately take you for a ride. Just sit back, get comfy and enjoy it.I can't wait to go back and continue with the game, just wanted to recommend it to everyone looking for a good, innovative experience in the already bursting indie scene. Games like this make me feel proud to be a gamer and, having passed my 30, look to my friends who jumped off the videogame train because it wasn't mature enough for society standards and think ""You don't know what you're missing"".PS. Big points for the references to Gabriel García Márquez, recently passed away colombian writer, creator of the magic realist that influences this game heavily. I bet he would be proud and happy to play this game."
,Recommended,231200,32053043,Posted: 29 May,all,TheUnderBrother,"There are a lot of games I love. Games I play over and over again, or love to talk about. Ones that inspire me and move me and entertain me.Few haunt me though, few follow me around and show themselves in quiet corners and just off the interstate and in sunsets and shadows and DMV lines and beach parties like Kentucky Route Zero.To get the obvious out of the way, no, there are no tests of reflexes, no stats to track, no enemies to speak of, no puzzles to solve. I love all of those things, but they are not here and they are not missed.Instead you have a gorgeous twilight world, people and places just on the other side of fantastic, cyborgs and thunderbirds and skeletons and bureaucrats and truck drivers and thereminists. The world of KZO is both utterly original and also a saturated and shadowy reflection of our own, utterly familiar and utterly alien.My best recommendation is just to trust your instincts; if you're intrigued by what I and others have said here and the pictures above, and you aren't turned off by the absence of more traditional ""game"" elements, you are in for a gorgeous, meditative, and unique experience."
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,231200,15988831,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dire,"Edit for edit's sake, because I just realized that my review was from 2015 and the game came out in 2013 or something. It's now April 2017. No news about the final episode on the horizon. Episode 4 came out over a year ago.EPISODE 4 UPDATE:So, episode 4 just came out, after being announced ""almost done"" about 9 months ago or so. It's still a scam imho. Wonder when the final episode will come out. Perhaps 2020. If you're going to do an episodic game and your episodes are years apart, you're doing it wrong, because no one will bloody remember all of the previous episodes without replaying them...and I refuse to waste any more time on this ""game"". So I started up episode 4, briefly wondered why I'm on a boat now instead of a truck, remembered some of the characters, had pointless, meaningless conversations with people and clocked out about 1.5 hours later. You're travelling around this river and at each stop you have a choice of which characters to follow I guess...so there might be some replayability, but why would you want to replay any of it? It's just walls and walls of text with NO interactivity whatsoever. You can just click on random answers and what does it matter? It's not like your choices matter in any way, you just get different text passages. Now that might be interesting in and of itself, if the story weren't so inconsequential. Nothing interesting happens in this episode. There is no real sense of mystery anymore. Only 1 scene that is remotely intriguing. Why do I care about the life story of some person I will never meet again in the game? Why do I have to listen to an old man talking to a fish for several minutes? Why can't I skip cutscenes when nothing is happening? Why do I have to listen to a ""concert""? The art direction and world building is neat again, but the rest...where is the rest? Where is the GAME in all of this? Where is this story heading? What was episode 4 even for? Does it even have any relevance to episode 5? You could have boiled this game down to 3 scenes perhaps (instead of 12) and your overall knowledge of what was happening would be the same. Very sad.I'm sorry. I can't recommend this game any longer. It's been out for over 2 years now I think. It's supposed to include 5 acts...the THIRD act was published over ONE YEAR AGO...this is ridiculous (after already waiting for one year after Act 2). IF the game is ever going to be finished, judging by the glacial pace the dev is setting, it's going to be somewhere in 2018 probably, so...stay away from it.Now, what IS the game? It's actually a weird pseudo psycho trip. Calling it an adventure would be grossly overestimating the game's abilities. It's  a narrative driven story that drifts so far into lunacy it's getting extremely hard to even follow it, let alone understand what's going on. It's definitely ""interesting"" and I would have liked to actually finish it, but again...where are the remaining 2 episodes? You can't charge 23 bucks for an episodic game and then after over two years not even finish the story...that's actually a scam if I'm totally honest, so I wonder if you would get your money back from Steam...probably not, because Steam customer support sucks♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Not Recommended,231200,23506324,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bayshun,"This game is broken up into five acts, the first of which was released in January 2013, nearly 3.5 years ago. The developers said they had intended to release a new episode every three months, which would have wrapped the game up by April of the following year. As of now, we still only have three episodes. There were also very few progress updates until recently, leaving customers in the dark as to its status for a long time. The developers insist that the game is still being worked on, but the fact each act only takes around three hours to finish would seem to suggest the developers aren't putting a whole lot of effort into a timely completion. It's a shame because the acts that are out are really good, but the constant delays and the developers lack of a sense of urgency force me to not recommend it."
,Recommended,231200,16667958,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Twinmystery,"Two things1. Don't listen to these negative reviews claiming the game is a ""scam"".2. Don't look for anything on this game's story, if you think you're going to buy it, buy it without an idea of the story you're about to witness.It's true, Kentucky Route Zero has been in the making for over a couple years now. But how can you blame a 2 person devolopment team? Especially when they offer so much with each episode. Not to mention the INTERMISSION episodes they release for free on their websitecardboardcomputer.com.It's been over a year since the last episode, and they have a srict rule of not having release dates for each new episode. An admirable stance as release dates can be a source of stress for indie developers, and often cause skimping out on certain aspects of the game.So they work at their own pace, working to make the story they aim to, with no restrictions. And they've done an excellent job so far.I refuse to say anything about the story, as I walked into this game with no prior knowledge beyond it's good reception. I've found it incredibly amazing and all the more engaging because of this.I will say this game is very close to the peak of the ""Weird Americana"" story genre. It's a game filled with ghosts (in more ways than one), tall tales, shady backgrounds, and many old things.It's a story of missed connections, faded relationships, longing, and regrets. The developers say it will be a tragedy, and I believe it.A major complaint is the illusion of choice in the game. Being text based, it offers you many different conversational options. The main character's backgrounds, feelings, and dialogue are all filled in by you through these options. But episode to episode they don't make much difference.But is that a real complaint? The developers have the story they want to tell, I don't blame them for not making these options integral to the games plot.But furthermore, why must these options have tangible effects in the game world? Each of the characters aren't total blank slates, but they do leave much room for your own filling in. I've found myself creating these character's intangible personalities, and basing my decisions off what i've created.And it's not like in life there are either options A, B, or C that all lead to different outcomes. Some decisions dont matter in the larger sense. Some don't make a difference.In short I love this game and if you're into narrative video games, grab this ASAP.A last warning though, I can't agree with the price either. I happened to get it on sale for 10 dollars, and I suggest you wait for a sale too. I don't see any problems with offering the individual episodes for the people not totally committed to the story, or skeptical of it's entertainment. BUT, I do see that it's a good excuse to say ""hey, if you buy it all, why not play through them?"".A+"
,Not Recommended,231200,8672234,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Part-time Paladin,"I agree with what most people say: The game has a cool art style, interesting story, and music. I do like the game but I can't recommend it in its current state especially for a $25 price tag. I bought it half price but even at that you've got a game that is only 2 hours long and add the price to the fact that it has been out for nearly a year with only 2 hours released I would caution anyone interested to wishlist this game and wait for both a final product, all five episodes, and a good sale, something more enticing than half off. That being said, I'm looking at it from a ""bang for your buck"" point of view and in my opinion, the game isn't good enough to outweigh how short it is right now."
76561198043330416,Recommended,231200,15793023,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Albert Hofmann,"The description for Kentucky Route Zero says that it takes ""roughly the length of a summer night"" to finish the game. Having had overwhelmingly positive experiences playing other games (Bastion, Minecraft) during summer nights next to an open window, I decided to do the same with this one. At around 12pm, I started the game.After 3 Acts and 4 hours of absolute bliss, I looked up from my screen and saw the light of dawn creeping into my room. Feeling a bit lightheaded, both from sleep deprivation and the emotional overkill I had been feeling, I decided to put on some pants and climb the hill behind my house to watch the sunrise, which felt like a wonderful conclusion to the events in the game and was generally a great start into the following day.Pros:- Great Atmosphere, Storytelling, Plot, Soundtrack and Art Style- Wonderful blending of Point-and-Click and Text Adventure mechanics, leaving a lot of the game to the player's own imagination- This game not only has character development, this game IS character development, both on and off screenCons:- only 3 acts available so far- staying up all night left me slightly tired the next dayDefinetely get this game!"
76561198049117483,Not Recommended,231200,15863245,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,alecdeshotels,"This is a good game, but don't buy it until all episodes have been completed. I bought it early, and I've been waiting for years for this game to be finished..."
76561198028474039,Recommended,231200,24300823,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jeputz,"It is spooky, odd, unsettling, disturbing, and unfinsihed.  It's a ghost story, and then it's surreal and absurd, and deeply disturbing from time to time.  Too real and too painful in places.  A ghost story that's just a shade away from reality.  It's not realistic graphics, and it's not jump scares.  But it haunts me.  And I don't think I have a second playthrough in me.  I don't think I want to walk through that graveyard again.  But how is it?  It's phenomenal.  It's an experience.  It's clicking and reading.  No real action.  Not ever too puzzling.  But so odd of an experience.  Characters I care about, and other characters I despise for one reason or another.  I will gladly play Act IV when it releases, but sometimes while playing, I would have to save and quit and walk around the real world to make sure I was in the right reality."
,Recommended,231200,20120309,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"If Franz Kafka watched too much Twin Peaks and had a drunken dream about it, this would be it.My suggestion is to get the game on sale and enjoy the first 3 chapters. They are incredibly well done, a rare bit of gaming art. If the other two chapters ever come out, consider it a bonus."
,Recommended,231200,13774831,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mrhaydel,"Man, I tell you what. I played through the entirety of all 3 currently-available episodes on a cold, rainy, New Year's Day 2015, and it was the perfect companion to such a day. Each episode gets progressively more serene, surreal, and...satisfying.It's not a spoiler to say this, but: the dialog choices you make have virtually no impact on the eventual outcome of the story. But that's okay, because the flavor they add is fantastic. They all add to your own personal narrative for the game.Bonus #1: The music is amazing (especially the songs with vocals). And they're all available for free, right there in the install directory of the game.Bonus #2: Be sure to check out the 3 interludes that they released between episodes. They're free downloads from the official website, and add even more color and background to an already great experience.Tl;dr: just buy this, and play it. Don't do the whole 'I'll just wait until all the episodes are out' thing."
76561198076587335,Recommended,231200,12611015,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,bujablaster,"This is exactly how game could be if produced by someone like David Lynch :).Strange, twisted, mystery and catching story with very nice atmosphere and art, both visual and sound/music.Kind of materpiece adventure game for me."
,Recommended,231200,28920713,Posted: 1 January,all,euk,"First: I normally don't review games.Second: I'm seeing a lot of negative feedback for one of my favorite stories ever told in a game*, so I'm reviewing it.Lots of folks complaining that the game* lacks a cohesive story, meaningful interactivity, and lacks ""progression."" Some pine that this was a perfect opportunity for a True Detectiveish point and click. Others are just left startled and confused at what seems like an empty shell of a game. I don't want to be the hipster, art critic dude who says: ""If you don't like it, you just don't get it,"" but based on the criticism I'm reading, people just don't get it.* = I'm not sure you can really consider this a game, and that's likely why people get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. But it's worth the money. This is a story told between the lines. It's not a game—it is an elegy for a dying breed: the distinctly southern person. It is meant to point at the pitfalls while sympathizing the issues plaguing the American South right now: alcoholism, debt, lack of work, familial abandonment, rapid culture change, etc.And while most would just like to read a book to experience those things, the ""atmosphere"" and ""sound"" and ""visuals"" that so many negative reviews actually praise are the key to the experience of Kentucky Route Zero. This couldn't be told through a book, because you wouldn't hear and see the dive bars, the truck stops, the old diners. And a book wouldn't be able to sell the experience in such a surreal environment.TLDR: this game is a surreal experience and is focused on digesting ideas over expansive gameplay."
76561198047160140,Recommended,231200,24497615,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jimmy McNulty,"No 3D AAA quality graphics.No jaw-dropping action sequences.No challenging puzzles.No revolutionary gameplay mechanics.No multiplayer mode you'll enjoy for hours here.But lost highways.Endless caves.Pre-historic gigantic birds carrying houses to the forest.Ferries carrying mammoths.Whiskey factories running by skeletons.Lost rivers.Forgotten bars.But it's basically the story of some ordinary people with familiar pains, weaknesses, goals, pasts, loves and disappointments among all these oddness, looking for an adress that doesn't exist in today's familiarly unfamiliar US. Also an unusually mature meditation about life, death, love, ambition, reality, poverty, capitalism, meaning and existence.And oh god, it's wonderful.10/10"
76561198022664811,Recommended,231200,16257380,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,tolmachev,Deliciously strange and beautiful game.For those who likes to collect unusual sensations.This story has reached my heart.
76561198031960167,Recommended,231200,12457976,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vivaldist,"I don't play many point and click games, but I really have to say that this is probably the best I've ever played. While technically barely a ""game,"" its ability to draw emotion and bewilderment in equal amounts consistantly make it a memorable experiance-at least the first three acts have been. The soundtrack is also a must have."
,Not Recommended,231200,11310176,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tiamonster,"Steam asks me to say ""yes"" or ""no"", so I choose ""no"" in this instance. With that said, if you are interested in what games can do, this is a must play. Absolutely.Between the art and the soundtrack, Kentucky Route Zero is beautiful. You watch scenes literally construct and deconstruct. The ever present ambient music calms you. Personally, the musical performance at the Lower Depths in Act III justified my purchase (though I did buy it on sale). The unfortunate part is that it isn't a game and there isn't a plot. There aren't even characters. It's simply a world that you explore. There's a foundation for a strong game, but the execution relies on one aspect (atmosphere) and abandons everything else.I admire its ambitions--the dialogue selections become a personality test for the player through (sometimes seemingly endless) dialogue selection, and the pacing, when done well, is done VERY well--but, for me, it hasn't (as of Act III) been successful. Random things happening to / at / in the vicinity of empty shells of characters drives me away. I found myself skipping dialogue, hoping to push everything along. Conway limps through the entirety of Act II, nearly slowing the game to a hault by discouraging you to explore the world. Even magical realism and surrealism need a tether; and that may occur in the remaining two acts but that's a little too late for me."
,Recommended,231200,19245102,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Meganopteryx,Beautiful. Surreal. Mysterious. This is one of the kinds of games you can play after a long day of work to chill and ponder the meaning of life.
,Not Recommended,231200,12746494,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,a.k.swift,"Let me preface this by typing out why I really thought this would be a game that I enjoy and would be able to recommend:I played and loved pretty much all of the classic point & click adventures in their golden era. From the Sierra adventures to Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island, all the Lucasarts games really, Simon the Sorcerer, Baphomets Curse, you name it.In more recent times I really enjoyed the Telltale games and also the more philosophical approach of The Stanley Parable for example.If you are in a similar position and thinking about getting this, it is actually not enough to tell if you will like this game or not. I cannot recommend this to you with a straight face.First off, the graphical fidelity is really limited, as you might have seen already, but I wouldn't really count that as a negative point. The art style is very distinct and on point, and amplifys the creepy and uneasy mood throughout the whole game. They also manage to get some stunning panoramas and effects out of this minimalistic style, it definitely works for this title.As for the gameplay, there really is not much to speak of. It mainly consists of walking, driving and dialogue. The conversations aren't voiced so get ready for reading. A lot. Also a lot of really basic small talk that has no connection to any part of the story whatsoever. There are also frequent, short (mostly optional) detours from the main path that happen entirely in text form, no visuals.As far as I've seen there is no form of puzzles or decisions in the game that have any impact on how it unfolds. I disagreed with people that said this is the same in Telltales games. Although the end result is pretty much always the same, there is at least an illusion of choice and advancement, using a thing with another thing to make something happen. Getting the player busy. There is none of that in KRZ, if anything it is very close to a graphic novel where things play out for you, not through you. (This is also evident in the way it is broken up. Acts and Scenes.)It does a few really neat things, like seamlessly switching the character you control without you actually realizing it.Well then, the story. This is where I seriously got lost. I can't really tell all that much without spoilering anything, but I can tell you that it is basically all over the place. There is a goal or finish that you know about, but it gets replaced with another goal in the first few minutes of the game, and this new one never gets questioned, just accepted as necessary.Come to think of it, everything in this game just gets accepted, nothing is questioned. As a result, nothing gets explained or ""solved"" either. It's like a very elaborate acid trip. A ride you hop in that trails you along, getting crazier and more confusing by the minute. And you really have no choice but letting it happen and not thinking too much about it, moving on.You would think that the game would make fun of itself through it ridiculous developments, but it doesn't. Apart from literally one or two very brief instances (one ""running gag"" and a kid), the tone of this game is dead serious.The soundtrack is used very sparingly, but to great effect, and it's phenomenal. If anything, I really recommend getting that."
,Recommended,231200,34124222,Posted: 9 August,all,dkid_luke,"magic realism is one of my favorite genres, and that is basically Kentucky Route Zero.WARNING: this is not a game for those who wants puzzles or a challenge or an understandable story.this is for those who want to sit back, enjoy the scenery, find symbolism in it, enjoy that, live through life and once in a while go, this is wonderful."
76561198061844812,Recommended,231200,10359091,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,nvls,This isn't a game its a work of art.
,Not Recommended,231200,31103667,Posted: 12 April,all,Festmache,"The style and atmosphere of KRZ are great. Some moments really feel magical.However, after some time I lost interest in the story and the characters because it all feels very random. Some new characters appear at random moments, having some random backstory, dragging you to another weird location... Somewhere in episode 3 or 4, I realized that it just wasn't really going anywhere and I didn't care at all about the characters. That realization kind of ruined the magic for me.And apart from that, the game still isn't finished after four years. This is really what ""Early Access"" is meant for. It shouldn't be sold as a finished product right now and definitely not back in 2013. Apparently, instead of finishing the product, the devs are also taking their time to make intermediate stories which are not integrated in the game but are available on their website. I find this very odd.Although I really liked certain moments when playing KRZ, I'm not recommending it and I don't think I'll ever buy something from these devs again."
76561198058339430,Recommended,231200,26507009,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jgettinger1,"I like it, but I don't know why. It feels like a dream that I might spend the following day wondering what it meant. It's a  nice kind of puzzlement."
,Recommended,231200,32711908,Posted: 23 June,all,pukebarf,"Absolutely beautiful game, albeit confusing at first. Once you really take a bite of the play style, it's wholly immersive. I really enjoy the replayability. Lots to appreciate. The score is stunning. Absolutely worth every penny."
76561197968067439,Recommended,231200,10036404,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,El Duderino,This game is really a master piece of art. The more and more you get forward into this game..the more and more space and time disappears. Very bizarre atmosphere. A must have for fans of adventures and painting art :)
76561198035094289,Recommended,231200,33008444,Posted: 29 June,all,willowdewisp,"I really love this, but I'm not sure why. It's haunting; I find myself thinking about it when I haven't even played it lately--although ""played"" isn't really the best word. It's more of an experience than a game. I've replayed parts of it to see things I missed because of the choices I made the first time, and I've replayed parts of it to see if I really saw what I *thought* I saw the first time around (I did.) It's not a long experience, timewise, especially compared to most games, but somehow it seems like it is, and not because it drags on, but because of the thoughts and images and feelings and questions it leaves with me. I want to be able to say if you like ""x"" then you'll like KRZ, but I can't, because I can't think of anything that compares to it. Maybe if you liked the book American Gods, you'll like this, though they have nothing obvious in common. Maybe if you enjoyed the documentary version of Grey Gardens then you'l like this. Or not. I love it, though. That's all I can tell you for sure."
,Recommended,231200,16023443,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tango_X,"- Requires a lot of reading- Developer not in a rush to release the rest of the episodes± Slow paced+ Excellent controller support+ Neat graphics+ Surprisingly funny+ Very atmospheric, unique and interestingBest enjoyed in the evening, one episode at a time, together with some Kentucky straight bourbon!"
,Recommended,231200,12072207,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"Can you imagine a rainbow at night? That's Kentucky Route Zero. Lovely but dark with a great concept, atmospheric places and a fantastic soundtrack. Deep sounds build an important part of the game, impossible without but also impossible with spoken words. And a very interesting gameplay where you switch roles to answer questions. Weird things happen here so choose your answer wisely because some options are unique. Like this game unique and very deep but also dangerous, when you start Kentucky Route Zero you will tunnel through time until you fall into the zero. You cannot stop you want to know where you can go next. A warm journey through cold and endless nights."
,Not Recommended,231200,16410956,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,OctoChan,"This game is a scam.There.  I said it.  I tried to come up with a nicer way of saying it, but I just can't sugar-coat the truth.  This game is a complete and total rip-off, and here's why...They're charging full price for a game that isn't just unfinished, but shows no signs of ever being finished.  Simply put, the game is trying to follow the pattern of timely episodic releases popularized by Telltale Games.  There's just two problems with that:1) You can't buy individual episodes.  The only purchasing option on Steam is a full Season Pass.  You can't buy the first episode for $5 and then decide if you like it enough to buy the rest.  Nope, it's all or nothing.2) Releases have been anything but timely.  The first two episodes came out in January and May 2013.  The third was released in May of 2014.  There is no announced release date for the fourth.Think about that for a second.  They are charging full price for a game that has been only 60% done for over a year.  Early Access games wish they could get away with this.What's worse is that game critics have been tripping over themselves trying to heap praise on unfinished product, and it's not hard to see why.  The visual are striking, the music perfectly captures the feeling of rural Kentucky, and the story certainly has me on edge for the next two episodes...What's been delivered is certainly worth an 8/10.  Unfortunately, since two fifths of the game is missing, that gets dinged down to a 4.8/10.  Until the developers get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, I suggest you turn your attention elsewhere."
,Recommended,231200,20336290,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,asciiforever,"I am utterly in love with this game.  Sure the episodes are short, and sure the wait between them is long, but playing this is like dreaming, and I just don't want to wake up."
,Recommended,231200,8826226,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Adam Atomic,"I'm not completely sure that I have the vocabulary or facility of language required to adequately describe or recommend this game appropriately. On the one hand, it's an adventure game with no puzzles. On the other, it's a restrained, mature, strange, and utterly wonderful work of fiction that despite all appearances takes interactivity very seriously. It's as much a work of sculpture as it is game design, as much a night-time day-dream of appalachia as it is a ghost story. I've never played anything like it. What a phenomenal human creation."
76561198025281985,Recommended,231200,12637472,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,TheIceHawk,"I've been putting off playing this game in favor of more action packed, shiny distractions.  That was a mistake.  The game (story? narrative?  memory?) doesn't ask you to suspend your disbelief for its rich, aluring, surreal atmosphere; it doesn't need to.  It draws you in, inviting, aluring, mysterious and yet sometimes disturbingly familiar.  Simple and satisfying, that is Kentucky Route Zero... but be warned: once you figure out some of what's driving you along this highway, you might just stop looking for an off ramp."
,Recommended,231200,167670,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,RadKit,"Somehow KRZ reminds me of the games Zork and Home.Its got wonderful retro graphics, great sound effects, and its just really extremely weirdly interesting... sure theres no voice over but you build the story as much as it tells you the story through a lot of dialog and action choice trees.Admittedly its pretty hard to really call it a ""game"" but extremely easy to call it a beautiful weird interesting entertaining interactive experiance.Wouldn't miss it for the world."
,Recommended,231200,31500522,Posted: 1 May,all,Huzzah!,"I hesitate to call Kentucky Route Zero a game. It's closer to an interactive journey, more akin to a good book. Then again, this is all laid out in the description on the store page.Definitely a must for fans of magical realism and point and click adventures, or for anyone who enjoys getting lost in a story in a beautiful world."
76561198072226504,Not Recommended,231200,22115447,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,xmas.snoopy,"Way too long between episodes. Don't bother buying until they finish it. Episode III was released in 2014, and it's now several months into 2016 and episode IV is not yet out, despite being ""almost complete"" since the last developer update in November."
76561197960688787,Not Recommended,231200,18182527,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,old man reactions,"Don't buy this thing until they finish it.  Launched as a Kickstarter in 2011, it took two years for the first ""episode"" to be released.  It's now two additional years after THAT and we don't even have a rough estimation for the release date of the fourth chapter.  At this rate, we'll get a finished product in 2017.  That's just unacceptable."
76561198009388208,Recommended,231200,24720597,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GavinUnit,"A dream-like text-heavy adventure with art unlike anything I've seen in a game, audio that takes you to another place and poetic choose-your-own-adventure-esque writing.I, for one, am thrilled at the gap between episodes. Great work, games especially, take time and nothing good comes from rushing it.Plus, if it were out and over two years ago I wouldn't have the pleasure of coming back to the world of KRZ every year or so."
76561198146103121,Recommended,231200,13326980,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,live_allosaurus,"I went out to buy a point and click adventure game, but instead I discovered a long absurdist play cycle living inside my computer.Does a kind of conservation of energy apply, I wonder? Is there someone out there who walked out one night to see Waiting for Godot and found themself instead in a maze of twisting passages, all alike? Can't we help that poor soul? Ah well, I guess it's just the way things go. Times like these a lot of folks can't even get a lamp. No sense making a fuss."
,Recommended,231200,8557183,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,FreakinGamererrrr,"As many others have stated in previous reviews, this game isn't like other point and click advetures. It's part dream, part novel with some rye humor thrown in.  If they ever do get to finishing this series, it should be worth picking up again. It does have replayablity in it's current form just to see where your alternative choices will lead. I also found the artstyle appealing as well as the characters. If you like bluegrass and old-timey hymns, I found them to be rather charming and it helped set the tone.A definite buy if want a truly unique experience in a P & C game."
,Recommended,231200,24436204,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Snivets,"Don't give a **** about the delays because this game is incredible. The only other two games I've played as atmospheric as this are Limbo and Hyper Light Drifter. I remember a long time ago I think it was One Life Left that stated Sunless Sea had some of the best written content in all of videogames, and for a while they were correct, until I played this game. I've never enjoyed reading any videogame narration anywhere near as much as this game.The entire game is surreal and abstract - including the writing - so be a fan of that. But if you can handle it, and game atmosphere interests you, this is an absolute must-play.10/10 would cry at the song in the woods again"
,Recommended,231200,12313145,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Freddicus,"Kentucky Route Zero takes you on a surreal journey like none that I've experienced in a long time. I especially like how the games shifts which character you control without telling you, but it always makes situational sense. This is truly an interactive story - beautifully woven narrative and some subtle and not-so-subtle imagery sprinkled throughout that makes you wonder what this story is really about. Do yourself a favor and go play it now.Side Note: Playing this game makes me wish I had better reading comprehension skills. It's something I've struggled with my whole life, but this game in particular makes me wish I could process prose more completely. I'm absolutely certain that there are subtleties in the writing that I'm missing, but that doesn't make the game any less enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,231200,16008258,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kaho,"As much as I want to praise the game for it's beautiful soundtrack, inspired style and relaxing gameplay the thing is, it's been a full year since last episode and no sign of life from the devs. Since there's supposedly two more episodes left, what the hell is going on at Cardboard Computer?"
,Recommended,231200,34410593,Posted: 22 August,all,Two Tyson Chicken Patties,"Kentucky Route Zero is probably one of the most unsung heroes of the indie scene. Episode after episode, the game continues to make me laugh, question my existance, and make me think about human relationships and their impact upon others.And that's a lot for an indie game.KRZ is a game about a man trying to make his last delivery to a place called The Zero. And that's all I can really say without spoiling it. The story is a bit...abstract?...at times, but it's still enjoyable. It's filled with amazing unique moments filled with sadness, joy, and everything in between. It's a really one of a kind experience that I suggest to anyone looking for a good story to dig into.The soundtrack is great and filled with great ambient tracks and some really good folk jams. ""Long Journey Home"" still hits me hard whenever I hear it tbh...Get this game. You really won't regret it."
,Recommended,231200,23412880,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,QuotaBee,"It's the kind of game you play early in the morning with a mug o' coffee.OR late at night after taking a shower... with a mug o' coffee.because the first few parts of this game is slow paced as fu**But it does get interesting in the most odd ways.PS: The flow of the dialogue in this game is very interesting, if you're into non-linear type of stuff, check this game out."
76561197960679813,Recommended,231200,12620535,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Spectator6,"This is, hands down, THE best narrative experience I've ever encountered in a video game.  Its weirdness... The craftsmanship of the characters, sounds, and environments...  I've never come across anything like it before.  Numerous times I just stopped playing and stared at the monitor, thinking outloud, ""Wow"" in just sheer wonder and amazement at how creative and compelling the scenes are.If you're in the mood for something a bit off the beaten path, definitely give this game some of your time.  It reminds me of O Brother Where Art Thou and I loved that movie for having many of the same  qualities."
76561198067797455,Recommended,231200,13396352,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Herbstopher,"I wasn't immediately impressed when I started this game.  I was bugged by this reoccurring thought that, ""Oh, this is just another in a recent string of indie games where everything is just... So Weird."" The story was a little non linear and slow going, and it had to break through a lot of other minor annoyances in order for me to see the merit.  There is a lot of unskippable animation that really grinds (especially when one of the main characters is forced to walk around with a real time limp). It's as though one of the designers put their foot down because they didn't want any of the intricacy of their animations or level design to be missed.  And it is a beautiful game.  I was gradually won over, which is why I kept playing the game, but act three is where I really became a fan. If you have the patience, stick it out to the end.Horrible video game analogy: This game is like Grim Fandango if it took place in a folksy acid dream."
76561198053299524,Recommended,231200,24510932,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,biegelk,"This might be my favorite game of all time. This game is impossible to describe--when I tell people they should play it, I can only say things like ""this game is baffling--but sometimes in a way that makes you smile, and sometimes in a way that makes you sad, and sometimes in a way that makes you nervous."" The world of KRZ is magical and ethereal; playing this game feels the same way as having a philosophical conversation at three in the morning. It's an almost mystical experience. It feels very important while you are playing it. I really cannot stop thinking about it."
76561197976612595,Recommended,231200,29361931,Posted: 19 January,all,MechZahn,"Just waiting for that fifth one.Until then I'll just say thing becuase you could go read literally hundreds of reviews telling you to just shut up and buy the damn thing.It's surrealisitic at it's core, non traditional linear story telling.  You got from place to place, each place is a strange commentary on somethin in life but done in such a way that it really pulls you out of yourself. You will feel isolation, pitty, sorrow, joy, elreaction. This game has little moments that are so well done that it makes you want to be an artist too.Other then that, game play is practically a non entity here, outside of a rare logic puzzle here and there.  And I really mean there. Any way.The music is absurdly good when it's there and lastly all five episodes are tonelly speaking completely different things. Each one borrows some peice of a previous one but in my opinion just enough so, that the games have some shoe string connection, a.k.a. can be seen as 5 peices of a larger whole.To be fair though it's so intresting and lovely made you won't care. Like most things in life it will be more about how you got there.Now let me get back to waiting for episode 5, thank you."
,Not Recommended,231200,22016695,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Roanoak,"Tried playing this game twice through.  Both times hit a game breaking glitch where the storyline would not progress in Act 3.  Once at the start of Act 3, and once in Act 3, Scene XII.Besides the above,  the story is free flow marginally directed story.  But the story is SO convoluted that you're just spending your mental capacity trying to connect the dots.  Which are so scantly connecting that it makes it almost not worth playing.It has unique down-home comfy acoustics and visual presentation, which gave me a novel enjoyment, and why I even attempted a second playthrough... But the negatives, sadly, do not outweight the positives.P.S.- Note this game is not even complete as released.  They are still developing the farther acts that will complete the convoluted story."
,Recommended,231200,25344224,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Valonielu,"KRZ is like a work of art that deserves the title masterpiece. The sound, the visuals, the characters, the story are bundled together to create an experience unlike anything i've seen in years. Totally recommended."
76561198027617691,Recommended,231200,12738341,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Roadtrip Warrior,"This has honestly been one of the most intrigueing forms of media I have ever experienced. It delievers something that no movie, music, or video game can show on its owm, but instead intwines them all together in a beautifully, haunting new world. For fans of point in click adventures, this is truely unique. For fans of people who view video games as a medium of art, this is made for you."
,Not Recommended,231200,23543582,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,skywing,"Unfortunately, it looks like I'll be waiting quite a few more summer nights before I get to play through this game's full story.What is there so far is nice, but it's been so long since the early chapters that I decided to wait until the whole thing is done to finish it. I can't say I honestly reccomend it in its current state, but it does look like it will be worthwhile once it's finished."
76561198024954375,Not Recommended,231200,31311586,Posted: 22 April,all,VulGerrity,"It's not a bad game by any means...but it's not really a game.  The art is beautiful, and the story is interesting, but I can only recommend this game if you're looking to play a slow and highly detailed book.  I'm in the middle of ACT III, and with all that said, the game isn't really story/plot driven.  It's more of a meditation and character exploration.Again, it's not bad, but it's not the most captivating adventure and there's really little to no actual game play."
76561198034023284,Not Recommended,231200,18559959,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Innapropriate Touching,"I bought this game upon release and have thoroughly enjoyed it, but this has gotten ridiculous. I am one of those people who believes in taking the time to make something good but the amount of time between act 3 and 4 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They should have delayed putting this gae out so ""early"" if this was the result because honestly by the time they finish the game I doubt I'll ♥♥♥♥ing care about playing it anymore but they'll still have my money. If you havn't bought it wait until its completed because otherwise your tossing money away."
76561198128803658,Recommended,231200,24894448,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,chasity.nichole,"This game is beyond amazing. The updates have been a bit slow as other people have mentioned - and it saddens me that some would not recommend the game because of this - but are well worth it! They're just making sure that it's done right. And, let me tell you, the game is an absolute master piece. Wonderfully weird and meandering with an ever expanding cast of characters with their own stories and losses coming together and coming apart and coming together again (sometimes.) It is one of those games that is more a visual novel than anything. (Though I would say it's more than that, it's an entire experience.) There are a million little stories told through the characters. Bizarre stories always, sad stories most of the time, always feeling like they're maybe on the edge of some deep meaning. And the dialogue options allow you to take a part in this story telling and guide what happened to the characters. The latest chapter especially allows more freedom, I think, in what happens and what scenarios you experience that gives a greater sense of freedom that the other chapters. I enjoyed this change. It makes a difference if I can decide if my characters are making a mushroom stew or playing cards. Honestly, I wish I could convince everyone to play this game with an open mind, but if I can convince even one person to play who might fall in love with it then I will be very happy."
76561198061010662,Recommended,231200,26710520,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Vee,The best thing I have ever found on accident.Needs to be experienced since words will have a hard time doing it justice.Also bluegrass music.
76561198025008414,Recommended,231200,26287481,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sigrún,"All games are art. Some are like a child's drawings, simple, meaningful. Some are complex works of geometric beauty, story and aesthetic and sound design all blending flawlessly into something greater than the sum of its parts.Kentucky Route Zero is beyond all of that. It's the best of Americana, distilled. A masterpiece in asphalt and ambiguity, broken street-lights and bargains kept. Its soundtrack is wanderlust. Its art style is a stranger you've always known.And its story... Oh, its story... A bittersweet tale of old, forgotten roads and horizons beneath the earth. Of broken souls. Of loss.Breath the open air.Leave your burden behind.I'll see you on the ZERO."
,Recommended,231200,25933464,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,heavyweather,"Somewhere between a dream and spoken word poetry, Kentucky Route Zero exists. There is really nothing else like it. Recommended for fans of old Twilight Zone reruns, AM radio stations half-received through static, Fleet Foxes, Twin Peaks and the smell of books."
,Recommended,231200,24135499,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,watchingcbeams,"Captures feelings I have never experienced in a videogame, an aimless drive in the country after a long summer day."
,Recommended,231200,33511407,Posted: 13 July,all,Kang Liang,"What an incredible, beautiful experience this game was—haunting, melancholic, eerie, artistic, and familiar all at once. As others have said, it’s more of an experience than it is an actual game; I’m not sure that any of the choices you make have any bearing on what happens, which, honestly, is fine. Like the characters themselves, you, the player, are more along for the ride than you are in control.I wondered in playing Kentucky Route Zero how much of the way it affected me was because of its familiarity, since I’m originally from Kentucky and many (not all, of course, at least not in a literal sense) of these places are real. Driving up Dixie Highway or flying over Nolan Lake felt like navigating places I’d known once, only irrevocably estranged, and even when locations aren’t “real” (is anything in this game?) they still felt familiar. It’s difficult to talk about a game being so rooted in a location when it’s just as obviously unreal, but the heart of it draws from Kentucky so much that even the Zero itself feels like a place I’ve travelled. (The first time you get directions—“Head north-east on sixty-five, and turn left as soon as you see that ugly tree that’s always on fire. Look for the barn at the base of the mountain there; can’t miss it.”—I laughed because those are actually the kinds of directions I’d expect from an old gas station attendant in Kentucky)But while I think that the location of Kentucky Route Zero is integral to the game, what made it such an overwhelming experience for me was the slow burn of the way the characters’ stories unfold. There’s a sense of a sort of inevitable tumbling forward—sure, it’s ethereal and otherworldly, but it also explores very real issues at the heart of the human experience. Conway’s life of alcoholic dissolution, Shannon’s experience with loss and grief and determination, Junebug and Johnny’s navigation of togetherness and individuality, Ezra’s early abandonment—to say nothing of all the side characters who wander in and out of your story with their own contained joys and griefs—feel real and familiar despite their strangeness. The story touches on immigration, healthcare, poverty, love, family, abandonment, the automation of jobs, aging, the government, and the way that our choices lead us onto some paths while forever closing off others. It’s a sad game in some ways but it never forecloses off the possibility of hope. And the concert—! I honestly think that Junebug and Johnny’s performance changed this from “a beautiful game” to “a work of art” for me. I never expected to be so blown away and slack-jawed over a song in a video game, but here we are.I can’t possibly recommend this game enough. If you want a story that rewards patience and melancholy then this is absolutely the right thing to turn to."
76561198051956042,Recommended,231200,33688556,Posted: 20 July,all,Aceofspades42,"Pros: A strange, whimsical descent into indie melancholy; this isn't really a ""game"" as much as it is an interactive tale of loss, disappointment, and the many ways people find hope in a harsh life. Definitely plays like nothing I have ever experienced before. A real masterpiece.Cons: If only Act V came out sooner!"
76561198033879058,Not Recommended,231200,23098733,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CemoTaco,"Do not buy. Because as everyone else stated, the game is not completed and I have completely forgotten what happened in the previous episodes."
,Recommended,231200,28912196,Posted: 1 January,all,D3ATH ROW3,"This ""game"" is probably my favorite of all time, despite being less ""game"" and more interactive story. It's just so damned beautiful."
,Recommended,231200,24741746,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kestrel Hudson,"The game has a great score thanks to its composer and performer Ben Babbitt and his friends. It's really one of the nicest scores i've ever heard, I even enjoy listening to most ambient pieces seperately from the game. What make it better are some nice covers of classic bluegrass songs. I've rarely heard this type of music before, but I still find it pleasing to listen to and to understand it via the context of Kenucky Route Zero themes.I think, at this point Kentucky Route Zero is worth its price just for its music alone.I don't see much point in mentioning such things as narrative and quality of writing, lore, art style and locations, random things and details and the way gameplay works, since I can't add anything worthwhile to what other people already said. Overall, Kentucky Route Zero is a great package. I keep returning to it, exploring it from the beginning once each new act is released, and I always find new details about its story and lore and new awesome scenes, locations, etc. Even if the fifth act won't be ever released, I still feel like I've got more from it than I paid for."
,Recommended,231200,24599246,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,koral06,"When I first started playing this game I was kind of thiking, wtf is going on. You have a truck driver and his dog looking for a mysterious highway that seems to be a portal for all things strange. Along the way he meets some odd characters with even odder stories.I'm a huge fan of strange and random stories, and this plays out similar to a Douglas Adams novel. A lot of it isn't going to make sense, but who cares? Its fun and does at times make you think about abstract ideas. The graphics aren't reviting, but its really an art form in itself with shadows and some intense music. That scene with Junebug at the bar singing was amazing. I really hope that is implemented again (I haven't played Act 4 because I want to do a full playthrough again).I don't often like replaying games, but I will make an exception for this game. I love the idea behind it and will definetly support any games in the future by Cardboard Computer (what an appropriate name for the makers of this game). The only thing that upsets me is having to wait another couple years for the last act. So sad. I will have to replay YouTube videos of Junebug singing in the meanwhile."
,Recommended,231200,24965076,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Hattori,"I dont say this lightly, but Kentucky Route Zero is the best point and click adventure game of all time.This is the kind of game that transcends everything that has come before it in its genre to create something truly special and poignant.And it does it with such confidence and creativity in itself, that it doesnt even require gameplay mechanics like puzzles, branching story paths or platforming and combat segments to somehow justify it being a videogame.And make no mistake, this is a videogame, something that cant be achieved in any other medium, and dont let anyone try to tell you otherwise.Boasting a gorgeous artstyle and aestethic, Kentucky is transformed into a feverish purgatory Lynchian dream dealing with themes of loss, grief, nostalgia, regret, memory and longing, creating one of the most mature and well written stories I have had the pleasure to experience.I know im being very vague about this game, but thats because I want you to go into this game fully blind as I did, and be surprised by what you find.Take your time with it, explore every nook and cranny, and let yourself immerse in this beautiful tour de force.And dont get dissuaded by the people angry that the episodes are taking more time to be released than what was promised initially. Once you play it, you will understand perfectly why these devs take their precious time with each episode.I have no problem with waiting for another episode if it will be of the calibre of the 4 before it, and I now wait patiently for the final resolution of this amazing experience."
,Recommended,231200,29072053,Posted: 6 January,all,evilspoons,Absolutely beautiful. Great way to relax a bit and contemplate things. Takes you strange places - kind of like wandering in a dream.
,Recommended,231200,13769716,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Wiseman,"A fully realised work of undisputed, exuberant art. Utterly sublime. That's all."
76561198097165619,Not Recommended,231200,13355823,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Lonesome James,"I have completed all the available episodes and had this to say:Kentucky Route Zero is an incredibly aesthetically-pleasing game with a LOT of potential. It's dialouge and story, however, crippled it's chance to become an Indie-game masterpiece. I really wanted to like this game, truly, but the story was too damn boring to go on. Some parts of the game makes you begging to skip to the next chapter and, in very few occasions, actually has something worth hearing/seeing. But usually, those rare instances are brief and the game drops back into it's same, repetive, boring, routine again. The only thing thats preventing me from unrecommending this to you is because all the episodes haven't been released yet. Perhaps the remaing episodes could truly save the game, but for now, I can only recommend this game for folks who are seriously into those novelty or indie games."
,Recommended,231200,15921388,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ugafug,"Light on the game mechanics, heavy on the atmosphere and storytelling. If you're into the whole ""games as art"" movement then I can't recommend this highly enough.Best when played alone and at night."
76561198084881775,Recommended,231200,25812679,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,happyhappysundays,"Well... that was inspired. The world is a better place with indie developers - even ones that were clearly wasted when they conceived this. I really loved the Forest sequence. I highly recommend being at least a bit drunk throughout. The ending was a bit sudden but it was timed well.Note that you have little influence on the game, it's really just a trippy journey. Very hard to describe."
76561198034334978,Not Recommended,231200,12183638,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,neptronix,"Visually stunning game, you can tell they paid an insane amount of attention to the graphics and atmosphere...But it's got a maddeningly meaningless and winding plot. I get it - it's a piece of art..  but it doesn't jive with me, i am a logical thinker - i try to find the meaning in what's going on and follow the plot. This game just noodles all over the place. Just a little too avant garde."
,Recommended,231200,17014041,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Fart Explosion,"So what that you can't use insane control-mashing combos to immerse yourself in this game - you don't need to. Just a few little clicks of the mouse while the text scrolls past is more than enough to see yourself though this whimsical adventure of the rural deep south. East. What I love about the setting is how it connects the more fantastical elements about astral projections and mysterious time-skips and ties it all up with the familiarity of the light breezes through the cornfields and grandpa's old guitar perched up against the wooden walls with two if its strings missing and other stapes of the 'Murican countryside. I felt as if I was a kid again, poking my nose into other people's business while making up random♥♥♥♥♥♥about places that everybody else visits but nobody else can truly see.If character study, a childlike sense of adventure and plot twists and surprises are your sort of thing - pick this♥♥♥♥♥♥up. You won't regret it anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,231200,18314828,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,croup68,"Vaguely interesting, especially in the way it sets a nocturnal and slightly weird mood. Some wonderful moments as you move along, but the interface is incredibly clunky, and some locations, such as the museum, are poorly laid out. As a result, you end up becoming overly aware of the interface and controls, which throws you out of the mood they spend so much time creating.A couple of hours was enough to get the idea."
76561198005010038,Recommended,231200,33807578,Posted: 26 July,all,Talen Lee,"KR0 is a deeply melancholic game; it feels sonorous and serious, it speaks to a time and culture that lives in the sunset of other days. It is a beautiful piece, confusing and lonely and conveyed through things you don't say.It's a very good little adventure game, but play it if you are after something thoughtful, peaceful, and sad. It's not funny or witty the way you may be seeking if you're an old point-and-clicker fan."
,Recommended,231200,24749432,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PrinceCharming,"Act IV of Kentucky Route Zero is a more linear and seemingly more grounded experience compared to Acts II and III (I personally find Act I to be a not-so-abstract-or-confusing introduction to the game, similar to Act IV). It actually now feels like a game with a -- relatively -- clear storyline that you can wrap your head around, rather than the almost nonsensical or random (and even downright boring) string of events that you had to follow before.I would definitely recommend playing Act IV at least twice, since there will be parts that you'll have missed out on during your first playthrough (decrepit Civil War battleship filled with cats, anyone?).Act IV has almost made me forgive the devs for the long delays between the acts. Almost."
76561198162679080,Recommended,231200,23595692,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ckastens,"I don't say this lightly, but I consider Kentucky Route Zero the greatest achievement in video game narrative to date. This game is so unique, so sublime, that it's hard to even describe what makes it so good. The subtext in the dialogues, the eerie beauty of the art, the melancholy, the sensation of weird that that makes you shiver as you navigate the world. It's magical realism in the American South, and each chapter is better than the last.The team at Cardboard Computer has really done their homework. I'd say that I'm anxiously awaiting the last two chapters, but nah, let them take all the time they need to finish this masterpiece."
,Recommended,231200,14450816,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Karol K,"Woah, Kentucky Route Zero. I started playing it just to get a feel of what it was like and actually couldn't stop until there was nothing left at the end of Act III.The story has a ""familiar, but strange"", kind-of-creepy-and-mysterious atmosphere to it - like the ""this makes sense, of course it should be like this"" logic of dreaming that actually makes less sense over time but gets more intriging; like a nostalgic mystery from your childhood you can't recall nor explain with words completely, and that warm but murky feeling still lingers.I'm a sucker for the character-driven kind of narrative, and this game does it in a brilliant way. The dialogs are amazingly well written, it has a lot of great references, the soundtrack is beautiful and it's visually stunning at every little detail. The gameplay is like a homage to those old point-and-click adventures we hold dear in our hearts, but with a nice, refreshing twist.Also features bears on the third floor.Jaw-dropping. It hits me in all the right places.I couldn't recommend KRZ enough, and I'm waiting restlessly for the next acts."
76561198020918685,Recommended,231200,8422040,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Barney,"This game is mesmerising, medidative and <grabs thesaurus> elegiac. I am not sure I understand it, but I love it. Incredible art style and music too."
,Recommended,231200,32842423,Posted: 26 June,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/B5mhBLpd-hYQuick InfoIn the end,Kentucky Route Zerois a very interesting narrative piece that is seriously ahead of the curve in many ways. It’s use of character creating dialogue and liminality is worth taking note of. That is not even to mention the way that the game pioneers parallel dialogue. Coupled with a quite interesting narrative, it is a great choice to pick up. However, it is not for everyone. It is what one would call a more “artsy” game and it does not accommodate those who are not interested in its sometimes lackadaisical and matter of fact storytelling. Also, the game is not finished. The final act is yet to be released, so that should be noted. If what I’ve said so far sounds intriguing, you should definitely pick up this piece. If the last act plays out like the prior then this will likely be a masterpiece of gaming. If you’re not interested, do with it as you will.For a more in-depth review see the video above or read the review at:Vinrafel"
76561197970545409,Recommended,231200,8012598,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Xiphias,This game is amazingly strange and strangely amazing.
76561198067664570,Recommended,231200,29683773,Posted: 3 February,all,navi,"Beautiful graphics, and unique, clever storytelling. This game aims to make you better, and I think it does."
,Recommended,231200,20694424,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Exciting Jeff,So creepy. So stylish. So intriguing. SO WEIRD. So worth checking out.
,Recommended,231200,25198079,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,codekitchen,"Beautiful and brilliant. On the surface it's a point and click adventure without any real puzzles, but the magic is in the experience of it. Sip this game like a fine bourbon, the pace is slower than anything else I can recall playing."
76561198067427850,Not Recommended,231200,23795001,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ryan_francis_thomas,"While the first three acts are intruiging and fun to play, I cannot recommend this game simply because of the ridiculous amount of time it has taken to release the last episodes. When I purchased this game in Spring 2013, it was promised that the remaining 5 episodes would be released within a year. Act 2 was released in May 2013, and act 3 was released in May 2014. We have been waiting on act 4 for two years, an inexcusable amount of time given what was advertised initially. Do not purchase until it is clear this game is not abandonware."
76561198029363860,Recommended,231200,10662664,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JavaDevil,"I'm from Kentucky and all I can say is...yep.Picked this one up straight from the source over a year ago (which is why my hours played via steam is non-existent) and each episode of this surreal noir gets weirder and better. Not so much a game but rather a ""explore and discover until the creepy end"" product. Non-David Lynch fans need not apply, for it'll just bug and bore and irritate you. For fans of text adventures, lucid dreams, and mellow existential panic trips only. And a bonus for those living in Kentucky, because a lot of KR0 hits pretty close to home in terms of countryside strangeness (in a good way). Cheers."
,Recommended,231200,11405084,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,KeenDreams,"This game  is the reason I joined Steam. I initially started playing it a friends house and decided I needed to throw money at these developers. It's one of the most unique game worlds I've ever experienced: A lost boy has an eagle as a brother, android synthpop robots following their dream, beautiful structures are both inside and out (You'll be blown away by this), and sports one of the coolest soundtracks : a fusion of ambient synth/noise and bluegrass.The camera work and the way in which the universe is presented is incredible - it's both cinematic and brings life to what is 'simply' a point and click game. This game demands the patience of a ultra descriptive classical novel, though you'll be immediately entranced.Do yourself a favor: Lock yourself in a room where you won't be bothered by husbands, wives, significant others, dogs, children, brothers, and warlocks. Give this game a whirl. It demands your attention and it deserves it. It's a f*cking masterpiece."
,Recommended,231200,16236349,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CipherHawk,"""It's like dropping acid, but without actually having to take any...""Joking aside - this game, well I guess  we probably should not call it that, if anything I would see this more as a very atmospheric walking narrative - with an almost ""Twilight Zone"", ""Tales from the Darkside"" feel to it. Is it any good? Well from the big blue thumb on my review you would almost venture to guess, it is.But the answer to that is really up to the observer - if you are the type of gamer into fast paced action type games, this title will only disappoint you.  However if you are into the art, atmosphere, soundtrack and writing style of a particular piece then this will certainly be up your alley.I see a few negative comments that complain about act 4 and 5, personally the fact that they are not here yet does not take away from the title. This game is about a strange journey, and taking it has been a pleasure so far. Personally I cannot wait to see where the story goes."
,Recommended,231200,14440982,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Richard,Besides me living in kentucky.... that already gives me a high grade for this game but then also the original music that sounds almost blue grass-ish and also folk lore added in that my family tells me sometimes and even history behind kentucky (i cannot say much about it with out semi spoiling plot) like the rich rivers and LOADS OF Horses xD i love it all to bits and i hope for the rest to come out.... really good point and click simple not to hard if you really read it and..... yha that just about sums it up
76561197994873773,Recommended,231200,16412074,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gerard,"There's a lot of talk about the ""Citizen Kane of videogames"", but I'm pretty sure Kentucky Route Zero is the Waiting for Godot of videogames. You should probably play it.I don't know how else to describe it in a way that makes sense short of writing an entire essay. Even then, I'm not sure it makes sense, except in a kind of dream-logic way. You should probably play it.What is it about? Antiques, driving, a dog wearing a straw hat, old electronics, music, art, debt, regret, being specific, text adventures, and probably purgatory. (I told you it wouldn't make much sense if I explained it.) You should probably play it."
76561198097857257,Recommended,231200,31751346,Posted: 14 May,all,mcjulieta,"Truly atmospheric, this game makes you think and feel like no other game does. Recommended to those who enjoy an artistic and poetic experience!"
76561197970563452,Recommended,231200,11794406,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rico The Saboteur,"If David Lynch and Guy Maddin had a love child born in Kentucky and interested in deconstructing the codes and structures of adventure games, he would try to do something as uniquely brilliant as Kentucky Route Zero and probably fail."
,Not Recommended,231200,13824833,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,LesterCovax,"Beautiful, well done game so far but after being left with a ""What the f*ck did I just play?"" feeling after Act III, I just can't reccomend it."
,Recommended,231200,13781209,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jonathan Whiting,Best thing I played in 2014.
,Recommended,231200,11138800,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,girlkrieg,"Kentucky Route Zero is an atmospheric masterpiece that draws its narrative mechanisms from the very genesis of computer gaming; a text adventure brought to life amid evocative sets and soundscapes. It's fair to say that it resembles modern adventure games appreciably less than it does earlier forms of interactive fiction—it lacks a robust puzzle-solving element, centralizing rather on exploration and immersion in the melancholic familiarity of its setting. It's true that if you're planning on spending $25 on the season pass (which includes all five acts), you should know what you're buying: this is not an action-packed game, and to play it does not require skill or even a discerning eye for puzzles. Rather, it's a piece of literature—one that weaves magic into the edges of the American South and holds your interest, as a novel would, through a story that narrates the sweet spot between realism and ambiguity, turning the space so often occupied by feeling and memory alone into a navigable experience. From a literary perspective, KRZ is extraordinary and unique, a must-have for those who enjoy gaming as a storytelling art."
,Recommended,231200,13602610,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zangoose,"Absolutely beautiful. You can't really ""play"" this game so much as you can simply explore the world and determine parts of the stories inside it, but it's still amazing for what it is."
,Recommended,231200,10086473,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,Great little experience. Interactive story. Review pending Act 3 which just came out. 8/10
,Recommended,231200,10063592,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,yed_,"This is one massive WTF masked as a game and it makes you totally confused! You might say ""there will be some explanation, let's keep playing to find it."" But that's just a naughty trick and the longer you play the deeper you bog down into that WTF. And I totally recommend that!"
76561198024441957,Recommended,231200,13984521,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lonestarr,"I love this game! It`s definately not for everyone, and it can almost be called a graphic novel rather than a video-game. The atmosphere and graphics are top-notch though. Mixed with an amazing soundtrack and stellar sound-design this game really is an experience if you don`t mind point and click, reading a lot of text and a slow moving plot that requires you to pay close attention and read between the lines."
,Recommended,231200,29283065,Posted: 15 January,all,jason.m.petitjean,"Kentucky Route Zero plays like an adventure game, but it feels more like a visual novel. The story and characters are excellent. The theming in KR0 is so strong and haunting. I can't wait until Act V arrives."
76561197977376242,Recommended,231200,29258345,Posted: 14 January,all,ZERO,"It's difficult to articulate why I like this game, if you can even call it a game in the traditional sense.  It's more like a graphic novel that allows you to choose the dialogue, or a text adventure with moving pictures.I've read it described as a ghost story, where there is always a vague sense of forboding and mystery.  Whatever it is, it's very unique and original.  It focuses heavily on cinematography, character development, and a soundtrack that matches the minimilast aestetics of the environment and character profiles.The story follows a growing variety of characters who find themselves dealing with difficult situations.  As one of the creator's said, its not a game about people who are in power, but people who have been disempowered by circumstances.  You start out as a tired, old truck driver looking for directions to the mysterious highway called the Zero.  However, the game's narrative doesn't take place through the eyes of just one character.  The controls seamlessly switch from one player to another.The game's characters stay true to the story the creators are telling.  Instead of having absolute control of where your characters go and what they do, you simply choose what they're thinking about while they're doing it.  You begin to surrender to the storytellers, and just accept the bizarre environments and directions they take you in.  Additionally, the conversations feel more natural than compared to other games.  That although you have the option to select the dialogue, it always progresses the conversation forward, as opposed to the hub and spoke dialogue options you typically see in RPG's, where once you've depleted a path of dialogue it returns to the root phrase or sentence.I skimmed through a review on The Guardian(http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/dec/04/-sp-kentucky-route-zero-review-best-game-of-2014)that describes the game pretty well.  ""This game induces a mood that is rare and hard to describe: a feeling of unhurried and joyful uncertainty, of being in the hands of master storytellers and surrendering to whatever they might have to offer.""Unfortunately, the pace of the development matches the pace of the game. Although you receive access to all episodes when they are released for the retail price of $24.99, it's hard to justify that price for what is currently available.  I bought it on sale for $12.49 and I'm totally cool with that.  It took me almost 5 hours to complete I-III, and played together they can still give you the feel of a full game.  If V ever comes out it will just be a nice bonus."
,Recommended,231200,14681517,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,alison,"This game is wild. It seems a little pricey for a game that the reviews don't really explain what it's about, but i took the plunge anyway, and now i sit, writing a recommendation for a game that i can't really explain what it's about. You walk around, you talk to people. You drive about aimlessly. Bizarre things happen. Beautiful things happen. It's a bit melancholic, it's a bit funny, you never quite figure out what is going on, but it doesn't matter. It's a perfect slice of Americana. I've never played anything like it, and it really is pretty amazing. If you dig dialog-driven adventures and are happy to wander, you're in for a real treat."
76561198052377869,Recommended,231200,30532527,Posted: 15 March,all,notkrd,"I think this might be the best written game out there. The illustration, animation, and sound are also all beautiful, rich, and specific: just watching the character Conway walk lets me feel like I know how he feels; some of my favorite moments here just involved choosing to wait in a particularly beautiful environment while a song plays out.  Every setting carries a rich sense of place, that is simultaneously surreal and rooted in specific American landscapes. What this game put forwards is the idea that a player can choose how the characters experience and react to events, rather than affecting the outcome - and oddly that this can lead me to feel even more stake in the characters stories than I do in games where I make many plot-significant decisions. Though note, it's closer to interractive fiction / animation than game, and the plot itself is mostly linear. Whatever you want to call it, it's one of my favorite adventure games, works of magic realism, or just examples of storytelling in any medium"
,Recommended,231200,13754166,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cam_the_SquarePusher,"This game is an absolute must play if you enjoy surrealism, theory crafting, and being enveloped into a world you make. This game takes you on a journey where you decide what and who the characters are, and then you get to decide what they experience. In the end you become all of them. You will be lost in the visuals, you will be entranced by the music and you will be seduced by the charm and wit and style.In the end the only reason to buy this game is if you love to be entertained. Which is a bit conceited and presumptuous.In reality however the reason to not buy the game follow if you prefer quicker games, if you prefer less choice, if you prefer games that do not fall into the adventure game category.And even at that point I'd still recommend the game as it is so far and especially when it's fully released.I pirated this game when there was only one act. Then I pirated the following two. I finally was able to buy the game and did without hesitation.Kentucky Route Zero (Final Rating) 9/10"
,Recommended,231200,11245905,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Turbotaste,"Kentucky Route Zero's trip into the underbelly of the American countryside is really something. It's creating an overwhelming feeling of melancholy fueled by the consequences of capitalism, regrets, the loneliness of the road, getting old, a brilliant bluegrass/sythie-soundtrack and a million other things.With the exxeption of the games by ""The Chinese Room"", Kentucky Route Zero is also probably the only game I've ever played that is actually deeply concerned about the quality of its prose and dialogue. The words and sentences flow majestically and are worthy of the games' rolemodels:Kentucky Route Zero is as close to ""Lost Highway"" as it is to ""100 Years of Solitude"". It's as much ""No Country for Old Man"" as it is a ghost story. In the end, despite all  the references, it is a very unique work of art that you should play if you have any interest in games as an art form exploring the human condition.There's also a bureau full of bears sitting around peacefully, in case you needed any more convincing."
,Recommended,231200,33486438,Posted: 12 July,all,izasza,"i don't understand these haters who reviewed this game negatively. it has a truly interesting story, it has mysterious elements and character development, it's weird and beautiful and it has a lot to explore. i think it's for people who like to read a lot, to take it slow, feeling comfortable when it's quiet. like, for me it's one of the coolest point & clicks i've played so far and i'm very much excited for act v!"
76561198174888245,Recommended,231200,30902226,Posted: 2 April,all,massol.louise,"Amazing story, beautiful and unique graphics, stunning soundtrack. Such an amazing game experience. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,231200,13496537,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Just Falcon,Cool and good.
,Recommended,231200,15470066,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Prividyenie,"This is seriously the best game I've played in a decade. Turn the lights off, put your headphones on, and take off your shoes. Gotta be willing to drink this thing in with the same attention to detail you would use to enjoy a film."
,Recommended,231200,13817497,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,daniil kharms children's story,A half-remembered dream in game form.
,Recommended,231200,12474356,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Markperson,This game is a piece of art. It makes you feel sad in a beautiful way as it wraps you up in a magical realist tale in the heart of the Bluegrass State.
,Recommended,231200,16471997,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cognitive Spoon,"Some reviewers are saying to wait for all five Acts before purchasing this game.I bought the game on GOG, rebought the game on Steam, have shown the game to students, colleagues, friends, family.If you are interested in narrative driven games (Elegy for a Dead World, Gone Home, Dear Esther, Life is Strange), then this is the narrative game equivalent of a Flannery O'Connor novel (but more lighthearted).The writing is superb, the interface is simple and elegant.Would spend money to wait years for the full game again.10/10"
,Recommended,231200,28087067,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,STOP HAMILL TIME,"KR0 has a beautiful, ethereal, and nostalgic ambience. It evokes a new quiet and soft thoughtfulness you didn't know existed."
,Not Recommended,231200,22857149,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Duraldo,"I'm sure this game will be worth it when they finish it in 2020....Actually, at this rate,  who knows."
,Recommended,231200,12372527,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,Great atmosphere. Interesting and silent adventure.
,Recommended,231200,24426242,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tonybot,ok ok so despite the long wait between acts (act iv was just released after two years) and the game being slightly overpriced for the hours it gives you—the writing is so beautiful that i can't recommend this enough!! and with great art and soundtrack to go with it!! i want every word tattooed on my skin!!!10/10 would inject this game into bloodstream
,Not Recommended,231200,34716135,Posted: 3 September,all,dochogan,"I have to start by saying that I love walking simulators and indie movies where nothing happens (as long as there's good dialogue) but man this game is so slow and boring. I just can't understand all the positive reviews. Perhaps it was the simple graphical style, sparse music, absence of spoken dialogue or the abstract story. I'm not sure but it just didn't engage me. I just kept clicking to get to the end. Perhaps Act V will change my mind but I doubt it."
76561198118755462,Not Recommended,231200,34948582,Posted: 14 September,all,Mrs. RedHotFist,"I'm all for innovative games and indie stuff, but not this time.This game might be art but it rarely engages the player other than make one click through endless dialogues to finally make it stop.The only cool part was the song.And yea, I couldn't bear clicking through Act IV.Other than that, there is no voice acting whatsoever. It's basically like reading an interactive book with very few sound effects.Unfortunately it gets very dull and I totally agree with all of the negative reviews. A lot of promising opportunities were ignored to develop this terrible waste of time.If you like very, very little action and reading a lot of dialogue, this game might just be perfect for you.If you want an entertaining game, choose something else."
76561197990265804,Not Recommended,231200,25900016,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dee Dee da Skunkbunneh,"Some have lauded this game as some kind of esquisite work of indie gaming art but the actual gameplay experience leaves much to be desired. There is no clear direction where you are supposed to go or do making it feel like a waste of time and an utterly pointless experience. The game feels random and disjointed. I made it up to act 3 and am suprised I stayed with it that far given how unentertaining it is. I really wanted to like this game based on the hype that surrounded it, but sadly it was just that hype and little substance. The game is just plain boring and I think the writers have simply lost track of what kind of experience they were trying to deliver.  I feel no more motivation to continue playing and have deleted it off my PC."
76561198043110160,Not Recommended,231200,19058817,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Fractal,"Initial review - Nov 2015; two years after I bought it:If you haven't bought it; don't buy it. As it is unlikely to ever be completed.The price point of an Early Access game should also reflect the risk that the game will not be completed; as you have effectively waived basic consumer protection laws despite Steam's updated emphasis that Early Access is not intended for crowdfunding prototypes. The developers have most likely found their indie game to be unprofitable and have discontinued development.In any case, there are games that better reflect the strengths instead of the weaknesses of the Early Access model. If you haven't been entirely put off the model like I have thanks to games like Kentucky Route Zero.Update - May 2017:So, now we are 4+ years on from its initial release. They haven't abandoned it, which is good; but the entire premise of ""early"" access has been deconstructed by these clowns. Thing is, I could maybe, just maybe, accept 20% of something in Early Access on launch, then 80% of something by the fourth year in if it was best game I've ever played and if it was an casual-sandbox game whose gradual increase in content didn't impede its ability to be enjoyed (see Slime Rancher for an example of Early Access done right)  - but not for a mostly linear narrative story-based game.Just because game experiences are subjective doesn't mean you can lie (directly or by omission) about what a game will have or when it will have it. Eventually digital distributors will be hauled over the coals for looking the other way and pocketing money selling games that simply don't meet basic consumer expectations. Could you imagine a shop selling a DVD case that may or may not have a DVD in it?"
,Recommended,231200,10307891,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Erebosio,"Play it if you like pretty art, and atmosphere, and cool characters, and can follow an abstract story.  Don't play it if you're looking for a simple, traditional game.I like it."
,Recommended,231200,8674780,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,themizarkshow,"Brilliant storytelling in a wonderfully bizzare environment. Each episode is about an hour to explore fully and get through, and unless you are allergic to fun and innovative storytelling, you will enjoy the hell out of that time.Although we are still waiting for the rest of the episodes to be released as of writing this, what is currently here is worth your time... and the free ""interludes"" from their site show that they are capable of continuing this excellence into other episodes and games, so I'd say it's worth your money too."
,Recommended,231200,8642965,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,yolkcheeks,"I highly recommend this game. it is gorgeous and good and I want to play it forever. Or at least for just a little longer than I did.If you need comparissons to decide if you should buy it (you don't; even if you can only afford one game today, this is it) see also Welcome to Nightvale, Myst, staying up too late to listening to the skip on an old shortwave radio, newspaper clippings about these times we live in, Windowsill or Oh Brother Where Art Thou. Those are rough, and alltogether still miss some aspects of what makes this game great, but it gives you an idea without spoiling you."
,Recommended,231200,10098283,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Officer K,"This game has all the makings of a masterpiece.I cannot wait to put more time into it but from what I have played so far it is like a Telltale game mixed with Silent Hill then put through David Lynch-o-vision.To anyone looking for a suspenseful, challenging adventure with loads of emotion you need to purchase Kentucky Route Zero.Remember, turn left at the burning tree."
,Recommended,231200,14023292,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[Trust]Critic,"A haunting, beautiful episodic game (3 of 5 episodes which are available at present, kickstarted). The game starts off with a a lost deliveryman's request for directions to the highway; where it goes from there is anyone's guess. Conversations are branching though inexorable, and I found myself constructing a narrative for each character that evolved organically over time (e.g. role playing in an adventure game).The story and characters are perhaps this game's strongest suite, and the art style is both minimalist and highly expressive. On a personal note, it is simply unlike anything else I have played, and tends to evoke a powerful sensation of longing and cheerful melancholy that I've simply not expressed in any other media.Gameplay is limited (point and click), so if this is a major criteria for your enjoyment of a game Kentucky Route Zero may not be for you. However, If you enjoy a strong narrative, highly stylized art, and are looking for something a bit different,  I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,231200,10721883,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,andrewc5120,"A truly monumental game. The 1st act released in february of 2013, this game is set to be released in a total of 5 parts with 3 out now to be finished in the next year or so. I highly recommend this for all fans of point and click adventures, advocates of videogames as art, fans of feeling uneasy and awestruck, and essentially anyone that can afford it. Doses of humor, warmth, bewilderment, and wonder await all that play. I recommend you envelope yourself in it. That means lights off, headphones on, no distractions. There are some things that might turn people off, however. There is no action. No gunfights, you won't be killed by monsters, not a glimpse of dubstep or nu metal to be found. It plays like you're acting in a film. You have all the time in the world to see everything you want to. There is no sense of urgency and therefore no real drive to move through the game except for your own sense of adventure and curiosity (if you feel none whilst playing, this is not the game for you).9.5/10"
,Recommended,231200,8617661,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shadoefeenicks,"This game is rootin-tootin damn good shootin :P I loved this game, the feel of it is amazing, even if you're not partuclarly fond of feeling like you're supposed to go along with something that you don't really understand in a game, it's a great experience and the minimalistic art style is really quite captivating. don't get me wrong this is a point and click game, so it can make you feel a little detached never really seeing your character perform actions and such, but it's the story that matters in any game that's not arcade. Check this game out, you will not be disappointed.  ""..I've lost all my money, but a two-dollar bill, I'm on my long journey home.."""
,Recommended,231200,692977,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,nabokovfan87,"Yes. For the love of all those creative people out there.... you need to experience whatever this game is. It isn't something you can explain, it isn't something you can see in a 5 minute trailer. This game is the definition of surreal. Every frame looks like hand crafted art that shows the true talent fo the creative mind behind it all.It's unique, it's interesting, it's intriguing, it's breathtaking, it's unknown....  This game isn't something I can sit here and explain, but it doesn't matter.You NEED to try this."
,Recommended,231200,9298753,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,akiradice,"A beautifully crafted point-and-click adventure game that blends the supernatural, classic journey, and thoughtful dialogue options that leave you wondering what could have been.  It's so poetic and subtle that I couldn't help but feel that I was always missing something.  Fortunately the acts are short, so replaying it for more information and a better understanding isn't difficult.  Like a good film, you may have to go through it a few times to truly apreciate the nuances.  The clean, vector style art that reminds me of Another World blends nicely with the narrative.  The purposeful lack of detail allows you to think longer on the dialogue and read deeper into the symbols and messages rather than what is present in the graphics.  There are a lot of great cinematic scenes and use of sound that liason from the point-and-click experience into experimental, somewhat meditative intermissions.  Check out this game if you liked The Longest Journey, Gone Home, Dear Esther, or experimental games that push you to think and question what you are handed.  I greatly look forward to the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,231200,8462438,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Alienhell,"Kentucky Route Zero is a strange game, and for many people - it most certainly won't strike the same chord that it does for some like myself.KRZ is a click and point adventure through a dreary and ever-increasingly strange landscape that holds an ethereal mood in its depths.It does not revolutionise gaming, nor does it jump out at you and grab your attention.No, Kentucky Route Zero is different. It's different in a manner that continues to mystify you as you delve through its beautiful, lonely aesthetics; carrying on your simple journey through a night that perpetuates your solitude.KRZ is a story that won't appeal to the conventional gamer or even the typical indie game fan. It requires an emotional aptitude to appreciate the environment that Cardboard Computer have brilliantly crafted. You won't find yourself loading up KRZ with an attitude of immediate adventure or conquest, for there is no regular high-riding emotion within the confines of Kentucky Route Zero's acts (currently waiting for Act IV). But, this is not needed. You find yourself immersed in the surroundings deeply, carrying the central character's journey truly as your own. The low mood of KRZ allows its emotive sections to soar effortlessly and truly touch you in a meaningful way that only builds into how brilliant the game is. All that exists within Kentucky Route Zero's ethereal confines solidifies its elegance in striking you with absurdity, loneliness, yearning and a great sense of understanding that very few games achieve, yet alone aim for.Kentucky Route Zero isn't necessarily something that everyone will appreciate. It is a game meant for the early hours of the morning: to explore a world of night, where there is no fear, but a strange longing for the unknown and to explore its mystery. To finish what you have to do and conclude, to reconcile with yourself somewhere upon a long journey home that is Kentucky Route Zero."
,Recommended,231200,13156529,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,G0ldenSp00n,"This is the best game I have ever played. This game is a beautiful blend between Last of Us, in the aspect of excellent story, and The Walking Dead, as in the way the game feels and plays.  It give you a similar feeling to a horror game as it has a great audio score and excellant visuals that help capture that eerie feeling.  If you are look for a good game with great story this is the perfect buy.  As a whole this game creates a wonderful sense of feeling and immersion but you have to be willing to place yourself into its foreign yet familiar world."
,Recommended,231200,10306757,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ash,"This is my favorite game, even though I will probably play it far less than everything else."
76561198041093290,Recommended,231200,24643423,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,FaceBoy,I love this story and it's odd structure so much. I'm actually happy it has taken so long so I get to replay it every time a new act comes out. This game preaches patience and calms you down if you listen. Leave no stone unturned and enjoy yourself. No powerups. Quality writing.
,Recommended,231200,13767314,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Willy A. Jeep,"Kentucky Route ZeroA Game In Five ActsBy Cardboard ComputerThe sun lays low on the distant horizon, emblazoning the once-blue sky in fiery oranges and pinks, casting long, rolling shadows across the Kentucky turf. An old truck winds down Interstate sixty-five almost across the Tennessee border, it's driver and his dog lost on a delivery job. The greying man forfeits pride and exits the highway, easing the diesel mobile into the darkened lot of Equus Oils, in search of his destination and a way to get there. He finds his only route - The Zero.Kentucky Route Zero is a magical-realist (I know, weird) point-and-click adventure game set along the mysterious, lost highway of KY 0, the caves it is paved in, and the river, Echo, it runs along.In the beginning, there's a horse-head. Conway walks onto the stage. He will be the player's first character to choose for, though other people will join him along the way. Conway is looking for a 5 Dogwood Drive, somewhere along I-65 near Bowling Green, Kentucky, near the Tennessee border. After a tip from a blind gas station attendant, Joseph, Conway is sent down the interstate to find a ""big, ugly tree that's always on fire.""From there, the story erupts into a strange bath of folk music, hoarse coughing, clinking bottles, static, robotic punk bikers, XANADU, regret, debt, mammoths, skeletons, bats, and horses. Lots of horses.Sound strange enough?OK, so here's a little less of a poetic, rambling view, and a more practical one, focusing on the gameplay, visuals, and sound.It's point-and-click, built in Unity, with a minimalist menu style and click-the-option progression in speech. The world is presented two-dimensionally, though it all exists in a three-D scape, which is revealed at times to create stunning sights or just to rip a mind apart.The graphics are minimalist. Nobody has a defined face. The characters are more defined by words than looks, though each is significantly different in posture, height, and attire. Conway is tall and grey, with a brown jacket, whereas Shannon is short and brown, with a bright-blue shirt. The other art, like backgrounds and similar, is painted in a very geometric, yet lively way. Screenshots can do more justice.The sound design is absolutely amazing, though I'm biased on the bluegrass music, as I grew up with old people from the Appalachian Tennessee. There's synthetic, ambient music in scenes to emphasize a feeling, and compliment the false-2D world, like in the trailer video. Small, consequential effects are implemented well, with car sounds while driving I-65 and soft tube-sound while browsing XANADU. The bluegrass is gorgeous, with the game developers contributing freshly-recorded songs from the 20th century at climactic times. Sad songs during a time of pain, asking songs during tense moments, melancholy with dread.Now, the elephant in the room(on the boat).KRZ is incomplete by July 2016. There are five acts, yet by now only four are released. Despite initial advertising with a 2013 release schedule, the game's individual acts have been delayed for personal reasons of the developers,' and quality concerns. However, rest assured that the final act is coming, even if at a slow pace. Cardboard Computer, developers, have other projects and works they participate in. To bide time, free minisodes are released onkentuckyroutezero.combetween acts, so those are good to grab if playing or if you want a taste before you decide to buy.TL;DRWell, if you're into experimental, easy-paced but strangely thrilling folk wandering... things, buy Kentucky Route Zero. It's art work, and a fun game to explore and find the secrets. If you're patient and thoughtful, you might pull a meaning out. If not, you atleast could spot some references to real-life events, or appreciate the unique stage-like style to the game.I recommend Kentucky Route Zero, from the bottom of my heart. It means so much more to me than just a game."
,Recommended,231200,5917593,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Venus ♀,"Kentucky Route Zero provided me with the most entrancing experience I have ever had in a game. As far as I know, it offers the world's only example of interactive magical realism."
,Recommended,231200,8489693,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pseudohausen,"If you have no interest in playing this game, you have no interest in storytelling. Brilliant, smart and beautiful."
,Recommended,231200,7699658,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,c_kershaw,"A friend of mine (seven5three) reviewd this game and called it a ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" type of game. I really think that is best way to describe this game, The story is very player driven. You can do pretty much anything you want defnined by the choices in the game. Very fun and a neat game. I have not yet completed both Act I and Act II but I very much like the game so far and recommend it to any one looking for a game in the spirit of choose your own adventure."
,Recommended,231200,800253,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,theraineydaze,Even with only two chapters out it's still one of the most beautiful gaming experiences I've ever had. And I want everyone to play it.
76561197994679910,Recommended,231200,1556550,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,zholobov,"Non-interactive art, sarcastically looking semi-interactive. Very short. Rather clear in (non)meaning. Atmospheric. Recommended for price of less than 1 dollar if you are into Twilight Zone and such."
,Recommended,231200,497491,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Kilroy,Simply fantastic.
76561198043088219,Recommended,231200,8603433,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Stud McQueen,"Okay like, I dont even know where to start with this game its just dope. Like theres this one part where you're looking out a window and like then in a shocking turn of events..... you're actually staring at a T.V. Its like super heavy stuff. Probably a comment on the economy or something. theres like a dog too that legit wears a hat, its insane. Buy this game its killer."
76561198042998141,Recommended,231200,8038055,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,RC1207_Sev,"This is a game about exploring and choices. Visually it's not the most striking but it's simplicity is it's strength. I'm fascinated by the empty church underground where the Mass is an incompletee recording that plays for an empty flock. I do look forward to the future chapters of the game. This is not a fast-paced game, fyi. It's about taking your time and absorbing the atmosphere."
,Recommended,231200,8021491,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,CitizenSweeps,"Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realism novel, written as a play, presented as a video game. Beautiful graphics combine with a terrifically atmospheric soundtrack that elevates this game from simple point-and-click adventure to an engrossing, artistically rendered narrative. Though I completed the first two acts in about an hour a piece, there's pleanty more to be explored, lending the game some extra replay value. Unfortunately, most of what you might miss on that first playthrough are set pieces that don't really seem to go anywhere—in Act I, for example, you can stop to watch two broken-looking men push a plane down the highway. These types of scenes are undoubtedly beautiful, and English majors like myself will delight in them, but ultimately they're just well-rendered vignettes. There's also replay value to be found in alternate dialogue choices, a nice element that gives you the illusion that you're directing the story or character development.  The fact that these are illusions only strengthens the game's narrative—there's a heavy focus on illusion, surrealism, and mystery here, and these odd scenarios, characters, and locations will leave you dying for more."
76561198001199825,Recommended,231200,2030995,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Doc,This... is a very simple adventure game... mechanics-wise. Has a very reflective ghost story sort of feel to it. Unique and unforgettable experience. If you're looking for something a bit out of the ordinary... even for adventure games... then you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,231200,6110375,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,honeycombes,"What is so haunting about Kentucky Route Zero is that even though you feel like your choices have influenced the progression of the storyline, all they do in actuality is expose truths of who you really are. This ground-breaking interactive art-piece will stagnate in your mind long after your completion, all the while you'll hear echoes of Ben Babbitt's ""Long Journey Home"" reverberate in your ponderings.4.5/5 (current: Act I & II)"
76561198013794241,Recommended,231200,2866557,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,drlemon,A bluegrass adventure of ghosts and strange roads. do yourself a favor and buy it!
,Recommended,231200,7976824,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Molbork,"Great and thematic, simple, but with mystery.  Art and transitions are well done. Finished Act 1 and am very satisified. Sine it plays quickly I am going to wait till all the 5 Acts are out to finish it."
,Recommended,231200,8558562,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"There's very few people to whom I'd recommend KRZ. It's not a game in the strictest sense and there is a heckton of reading. That's going to disqualify it for most right off the bat.But those few who stick around -- who aren't turned off by a lack of puzzles and objectives, and who are willing to take part in an interactive storytelling experience -- will be treated to a wonderfully bizarre, magical realist trek across a parnormal rural highway, complete with gorgeous vector graphics, haunting music, and a wonderfully evocative, melancholy world that time is leaving behind.If you're one of the few for whom KRZ is a good fit, you're going to find a lot to like."
76561198050983182,Recommended,231200,25019943,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,henrywiddas,slightly haunting and sad but i'll be damned if i know whyjust play it and don't try to understand it to get a very worthwhile experience
76561198171449775,Recommended,231200,25013530,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,nhdkentun,"This game reminds me of True Detective, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, and my school days in architecture... Ah better times"
,Recommended,231200,10307639,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,sparkatito,"This is an adventure game like no other. if you are slightly interested in adventures, you must give this a try. The visuals, sound, writing, characters and music all brought me into this strange world and I didn't want to leave. I I was genuinely moved several times, one scene bringing goosebumps to my skin. Other times I could only shake my head in wonder at the amazing twists and subtle jokes. Some have faulted the developers for being late with Act 3, but I think it was well worth it."
,Recommended,231200,10086729,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Halfie,"Kentucky Route Zero is a wonderful point and click adventure game. I loved playing through all three of the currently available acts and I can say I haven't been disappointed by any of them. The game in general gives off a relaxing tone, though it all depends on the player's view of the game.Being born and raised in Kentucky, I can say that it's nice to see some familiar features from my home state in a game. Despite being mostly serious, Kentucky Route Zero has its share of strange and crazy moments. I highly recommend this game, not only to those who are from Kentucky, but for anyone who enjoys an excellent story and amazing atmosphere."
,Recommended,231200,10096381,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,roughsleeper,"UPDATED REVIEW due to many recent negative reviews:Waiting is never a good thing, and rarely with games does it make the heart grow fonder.Part 4 of this game is looming. It's loomed for a year. Thats so much loom I could have remade LucaArts LooM for Mobile Devices using a loom!!!However, I don't actually mind. I've just ploughed 200hrs into The Witcher 3 and now will have to wait for CyberPunk 2077 for my next fix of CDPR gaming, but waiting is fine, as I also believe that what I'm waiting for is going to be exceptional.Kentucky Route Zero is exceptional. And worth the wait. Review this game on it's content, not it's delays. The people who make it aren't wasting time, but making it perfect. Each part released is a complete product delivered with care.Waiting for something unique to unfold is part of the fun sometimes.You just have to relax enjoy the ride.ORIGINAL REVIEW:An excellent game. It's taken me three playthroughs of act I & II to see and read all the extra scenes. They are worth seeking out.With such superb lines as 'This crab is wearing four other crabs as it's shell.' you can't go wrong. Make sure you download the smaller free scenes that compliment KRZero. You can get them from the main website.I've yet to play part three, just DL'd it, and can still heartily reccomend this masterpiece of storytelling. Get your pens and papers ready to put this one together, make notes and avoid the WIKI pages if you can. Working it out yourself is definately recommended.The Sponge scores it 5/5!EDIT Part 3 is exceptional!"
,Recommended,231200,10290798,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Th3 Profess0r,"This is like the video game version of a David Lynch film. The basic starting point is that you are trying to make a delivery for an antique store. Since this is episodic and only the first three acts are available I am going to assume that at some point you might actually get to make this delivery. Whether that is important or not is unknown. However, the journey is bizarre and filled with all kinds of oddball characters and settings, both above-ground and in the mysterious underground ""Route Zero"".It is a point-and-click adventure (but with no inventory), with interspersed instances of old text adventures and RPG style dialogue options (though having only played through once, I don't know if the different choices have any significant impact on the story). The art style is fantastic and reminiscent ofAnother World.I had a lot of fun with the first three acts and can't wait for the remaining two."
76561198064999021,Recommended,231200,10166673,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Littlehawk,"This game is really more like an interactive novel. And it's amazing--probably one of the most intruiging, mysterious, and emotional games I've ever played. Try out the free ""DLC"",The EntertainmentorLimits and Demonstrations. Both give a lot more perspective to KYR0 and are pretty good in their own right. The music is great too. Really, just everything about this is a work of art. Do yourself a favor and buy it."
76561198006989516,Recommended,231200,10181799,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,scarecrowfan,"I really don't have the words to express how much I love this game, on so many different levels. For one, I'm a sucker for beautiful visuals and ambience, which is exactly what this game delivers. It is, on the surface, a simple point-and-click adventure in which you navigate from one set piece to another. But that is where the writing of the game comes in, and why I fell head-over-heels for this game. As with so many popular titles these days, the story leans more towards ambiguity and 'draw your own conclusion' than straightforward storytelling; the game manages to create a visually-captivating world that is similar yet very different from our own, but I never felt like I was simply going from one batch of symbolism to the next. I didn't always quite understand all the events in the game, but before long I was immersed in the world and deeply attached to these characters, of whom I felt we knew so much with only a few words.That brings me to another awesome point to the game which, for personal reasons, is so important to me. One of the two main characters of the game, whom you alternate in controlling, is a hispanic woman. I know that seems like a silly detail, but think about it: what other game character, much less protagonist, can you name that fits that description? Yet the game never felt heavy-handed or like it was trying to shove things in your face, going ""See? See? Isn't this thing we did here awesome? Aren't we awesome for doing it?"" All of the things it does right (of which there are many) are subtle details, inter-woven into the story in a way that just serves to enhance the entire experience.Plus, you get to make choices. Not big, world-changing moral choices, ala Fable series. More along the line of what Telltale Games have been doing: little choices in action and dialogue, things that truly make you feel as if you're in control of the character. If you consider yourself someone who enjoys narratives, want a unique and interesting experience, or are just looking to pass the time with something engaging, then I highly recommend this game. Hell, I recommend it even if you don't fall into any of those categories! Missing this game is just doing a disservice to yourself."
,Recommended,231200,10048838,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Nat,Beautiful art style. Moody atmospheric music to set the tone. I love it.
,Recommended,231200,10282270,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,noisewar,"There is nothing I can say that would do this game justice...  any fan of games, film, literature, or theater in any form will find this to be the must play game of all years in recent memory."
,Recommended,231200,9957644,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TheMagicIsOver,"About an hour per episode. Very free-form game. It really is more of an interactive story, but when you let it take you and put yourself in the mood it is a very encompassing experience. I can't wait for the rest of the episodes to come out. Episode III is out. It's much more free-form. More chances to explore. It's twice the length of each of the previous. I guess that's on account of the chance to explore. You can cut that short though if you'd like. Anyway, the plot is starting to shine through more."
,Recommended,231200,9878097,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,HOT DAD,"Well, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just finished the first 2 acts, and am very excited for act 3 to come out. I never really have had fun with point and click, but this game has had me hooked. The atmosphere is fantastic, conveying a sense of discomfort, throughout the entire game. However, it never outright scares you. I reccomend this game 10/10, and has for sure become one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,231200,9150855,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Michael Bolton,A bit of a trip but well worth the money
,Recommended,231200,10818311,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,pizza,i cant stop bugging myself to keep playing even though ive gone through all three actsbuy the damn game because its fantastic and the story is so basic yet complex that you have no choice but want to play
,Recommended,231200,35347920,Posted: 30 September,all,Hanstoppable,"This game is all about the atmosphere. Its minimalistic design, the great ambient and bluegrass soundtrack, the rich dialogues and intriguing plot make it worthwhile. Of course is not your avarage game, if you are not into point and click games you won't like it and even if you usually do like graphic adventures there's a chance you won't understand this one. It's not for everyone and that's why it delivers a whole bunch of sensations and feelings long forgotten by nowadays games. I'd gladly offer my services and translate the game into Italian just so it would reach more people in my country."
76561198126088563,Recommended,231200,10076172,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,christopher.petrinovic,"I wasn't exactly sure what I was getting into when I bought this game - and truth be told I'm still not entirely sure what I'm in the middle of. Kentucky Route Zero is probably most accurately titled an ""interactive story"" where you have the ability to subtly shift tone and subtext, but calling it that doesn't really do this game justice. It's much more involved and captivating than other games slotted into that genera. Not only is it more captivating it's also more ambiguous. I can't really tell if I'm playing it or spectating - and as a gamer I think that's pretty remarkable.I'm not sure it will hit home with everyone as well as it has with me but if you boot up this game with an open mind I think you'll find a lot amazing things here.Also (no spoilers) this game contains one of the most beautiful scenes I've ever experienced in any form of entertainment."
,Recommended,231200,33019658,Posted: 29 June,all,LittleGirl,"There's really no way to accurately describe this game until you play it. It's unlike any story game I have ever played. Very unique and draws you in completely. You're never quite sure know what's going on which keeps you even more engaged with the story. It's the type of game you turn the lights off, turn your phone off and let yourself be fully immersed an oddly mellow yet eerie story line and world. You just have to experience it first hand. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,231200,14668059,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,10000% elven apostate garbage,"This recommendation comes with a lot of caveats. 1) If you don't care for the point-and-click adventure game genre, this is not a game for you. 2) If you are not a fan of surreal storytelling, this is not a game for you. If neither of those apply, Kentuck Route Zero is probably up your alley.The sound design and graphics are spare but expertly used. The game leans heavily on swathes of color and ambient sound to pull you in, and I feel like that works really well (as a side note, the soundtrack is included with the game, so that's a plus). The whole thing has a very dreamy quality to it, though as a lifelong resident of the southeastern US, I can't say as it bears much resemblance to real life Kentucky. But that's okay. The Kentucky of Kentucky Route Zero is a strange almost-character that feels very much alive as you guide Conway through it.I'm eagerly awaiting the next chapter."
76561197999969851,Recommended,231200,8525836,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ethan Starbuck,This game is the only game I would recommend to everyone in America without question.
,Recommended,231200,8558164,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Anonymau5 Hot Dog,"Amazing, brilliant, haunting experience."
76561198048675385,Recommended,231200,25003734,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,n3lm4r,"A slow burning, moving and surreal story of people and journies. Beutiful visuals, stunning narration and some thoroughly believable characters make for a haunting and unforgetable adventure through the secret highways of a melancholy story. Witty, well paced and moving, this experience is absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,231200,25075427,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Reznor,"Experiencing Kentucky Route Zero is like watching a dream when you're wide awake, the odd shapes and combonation of muted and vibrant colors along with the interesting characters you'll meet have a habit of making the rest of the world fade away leaving only Kentucky Route Zero in you're attention.I bought what i consider to be an interactive novel at full price and have no regretted it once so far, however i need to make this clear that i did have several crashes but they've been very far and few between.I would recommend going into this journey with a slow and meticulous attitude as this is by no means a fast paced adventure."
76561197991696123,Recommended,231200,12650211,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Charbaken,First video game to execute post-modern themes successfuly.  Interested to see how the remaining episodes turn out
,Recommended,231200,24557341,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Orionis,Easily my favourite indie game of all time. Would recommend for anyone looking for an experience more than a game.
76561198027166383,Recommended,231200,28606190,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sol,"great game. well, sort of game / choose your own adventure style piece. Its a storytelling format as much as anything, and a successful and beautiful one at that."
76561197970055307,Recommended,231200,10414037,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Post-Optimus Prime,"It's like David Lynch made a point-n-click adventure game.  3rd floor for bears? Srsly, bears.  Bizarre and weird, but I really want to see what Acts 4 and 5 will have in store.  It's definitely worth it to play with a good pair of headphones."
,Recommended,231200,5056614,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Alright, I'm on Act 2, Scene 2 now. This is a pretty traditional point and click adventure as far as the gameplay is concerned. The graphics are pretty charming, and the story so far is very odd, quirky, and strangely compelling. It is very slow paced, so dont play this if you dont have patience. That said, It took me a little less than an hour to play through Act 1, and I wasnt in a hurry either. I think if you want a break from fast paced games, this will definitely change the pace for you. I'm enjoying it so far."
76561198046434009,Recommended,231200,11370436,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The Quaker Oats Quaker,"Kentucky Route Zero is an interesting game, one that doesn't require a whole lot of quick wits, but does require a lot of attention. The story of KR0 is surreal, interesting, and at times confusing, but in a somewhat good way. This game is not for the average person, it is much less a game than it is an interesting story filled with eye-candy. The graphic style is very interesting, never showing too much detail, and adding to the surreality of the story.I like Kentucky Route Zero, mainly because of its take on an interesting story without too much gameplay. I would recommend this game to people who liked Gone Home or Dear Esther, people that can look past a lack of gameplay for an interesting story."
,Recommended,231200,11666817,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Redpaw,Great game. Everybody should try it out.
,Recommended,231200,10917994,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Giraffe Cat,"Kentucky Route Zero already contains some of the most surprising and fascinating things to happen in adventure gaming for quite some time, only three of its five acts in. It is surreal and magical, and constantly plays with your expectations regarding its plot and its characters. Act III builds on the foundations of the first two acts, adding new characters to your party, filling in more of Conway's story, and featuring a starling musical sequence. Cardboard Computer have justified its price tag with this Act alone; when all five are released, this will be an essential purchase."
76561197998259787,Recommended,231200,11268620,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,FHBiggs,"""All my stories are about the action of grace on a character who is not very willing to support it, but most people think of these stories as hard, hopeless and brutal.""Some website told me Flannery O'Connor said that. I don't really know - as a southern student, I studied Twain, Faulkner, and O'Connor too much. My now-dead professor never told me she said that. It sounds like something she'd say, and it sounds like something I'd say she said.I'll say that you should buy these tales. She'd like that. I've got some kind of ivory tower degree studying southern literature. It was a good piece of paper.After all, good is hard to find. I think she said a good man is hard to find, but I'd say good is hard to find.Now, you won't pay me, but I paid them."
76561198033382445,Recommended,231200,29295743,Posted: 16 January,all,Novalex,"This game first came out.Played Act I.Act II came out.Re-played Act I, and played Act II.Act III came out.Re-played Act I and II, and played Act IIIAct IV came out.Re-played Act I, II and III, and played Act IV.Still have no idea what is actually going on.But love every bit of this game nontheless."
76561198011515841,Recommended,231200,24501309,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LJS67,"I am really bad at review writing but wanted to add a positive review no matter how pathetically it is done .  I absolutely love this game.  It is hypnotic, relaxing, beautiful, philosophical, artsy.  It just draws me in and takes me to this beaitiful place the developers have created - where many not so beautiful things happen in fact, but we just keep travelling.  This game is not for everyone.  But if you like reading and making choices and rambling along with an mesmorizing soundrack and interesting characters, then you might just appreciate this.  Everything is intercommected so attention must be paid in order to get the most out of this experience.  If that seems like too much work for a ""game"" then maybe it's not for you.  I love this game and with each episode have been surprised each time at how much I get sucked into this strange world and become engrossed in this story.  One final episode to go and I shall wait patiently with both anticipation and a twinge of regret that with the last episode this the trip down that highway will come to an end."
,Recommended,231200,24483916,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PHLAK,"KR0 is a point and click adventure game with a very chill and relaxing vibe. You can just sit back and absorb it after work or before you go to bed. Though, to be honest, calling it just a game falls a bit short.  KR0 is really more of an experience than just a game.  You'll really find yourself taking in the atmosphere and feeling for the characters and story.  If you haven't already, I highly recommend picking up a copy for yourself, you wont regret it, plus, we still have Act V to look forward to."
76561198110831663,Recommended,231200,24535806,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BluebirdOfDarkness,"The visuals are gorgeous and the story is mesmerizing.I'm looking forward to Act V, and I'm happy to wait for it.(Like Ida says in Act IV (to paraphrase): Things happen slower down here.)"
,Recommended,231200,28915734,Posted: 1 January,all,mllevinteuil,"A gem! Nice design, great strorytelling."
,Recommended,231200,10072320,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Poisoned Venom,"An artistic masterpiece! Kentucky Route Zero is not just a game, it's a unique experience. If you want to try something different, unique, special and mysterious then please BUY this game!"
76561198045953775,Recommended,231200,14826590,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,dr. Elbow,It seems that game was developed specifically for me and by me. Just wow!
,Recommended,231200,29455988,Posted: 23 January,all,hello ♡,"Kentucky Route Zero is probably the most inventive game ive ever played.Charachters: rich, Story: Just enough, to let you fill in the gaps.Gameplay...There isnt much of that.Kentucky route zero is more of a walking-ish simulator, but with supernatural elements.Its incredibly difficult to put into words what this game is about, because theres no gameplay elements, just dots on a graph pointing to the final delivery on the zero.Lets see when episode 5 comes out, but right now its definiately worth the money.I can not tell you how long ive had my cursor on the buy button but when i finally dived in it was a fullfilling experience."
,Recommended,231200,31105346,Posted: 12 April,all,terra_dea,my only critique is that its not finished yet and i want more!!!!
76561198000094900,Recommended,231200,11209445,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,swith,"This is a beautiful, surreal storytelling game.  I usually get annoyed when episodic games don't stick to a schedule, but in this case I don't really care how long it takes them to publish each chapter - this is not a thing that should be rushed.  Turn up the sound and play it at night."
76561198026539571,Recommended,231200,8348046,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Spanks Masterson,"This is a fantastic interactive story with some very light puzzle solving elements. The bluegrass/folk soundtrack is perfect. Act I was a bit fumbling, but Act II really hit the mark dead on. Excellent work developers. Highly recommend."
76561198009750566,Not Recommended,231200,16515043,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,redram355,"This game has incredible visuals and sound.  It's a game you can get lost in.Unfortuntately, the developers seem to have gotten lost.  As I write this review, the game is only 3/5 finished, and it's been more than two years since the last update.  There has been some free DLC in the meantime.Based on what I've seen so far, I am willing to wait.  Not patiently, mind you, but the last thing I want is for the developer to rush and ruin what they have going so far in Kentucky Route Zero.However, I will only be able to reccomend this game once it is finished."
,Not Recommended,231200,14490759,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jaro.pivarci,I gave this game a shot but after coming off Deadcore it seems to me extremely boring and slow...I like the graphics though...
76561198066646999,Recommended,231200,32401328,Posted: 13 June,all,Chuck Dizzle,"As a native Kentuckian, I am biased, but I am utterly charmed by Kentucky Route Zero."
,Recommended,231200,24435388,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,أوركيدا,"This game is about characters- lots of 'em! it gives a whole new meaning to the word ''Adventure'' its hauntingly written and beautifully executed, i have a lot of respect to Jake/Tamas & Ben for being true to the Art they're making and respecting us as players by delivering such high quality experience.Kentucky Route Zero is a game i wont forget for a long time! Time to get back to those lonely roads .."
,Recommended,231200,13357621,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Zeiss,Just buy it. You'll thank me.
,Recommended,231200,33420729,Posted: 9 July,all,CAPTAIN COW,"Oh my god this is one of the best games I've ever played. But I'll tell you a secret, don't play it. Buy it, support them, right now, and then wait. Install it and whenever you see it sitting in your library see if the final episode has been released. It'll build up the tension, that suspense, the hope for how awesome a game it is. And finally, when you see that the last episode was released, play them all. Sit down one night and just enjoy, you won't be disappointed.For me, I'll just keep waiting for the 5th episode as 1-3 fade from my memory. Hopefully, like you, it'll be almost a whole new experience when I get to play it again."
,Recommended,231200,30911624,Posted: 2 April,all,i wanna rock,legit a good gamechallenges my firm belief that video games are not artsome character mentions artaud and zola so thats how i knew this game was goodshout out to david lynch this game is like lost highway/mulholland drive minus the sex with upped sentimentalism
,Recommended,231200,24434672,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nightbreed,"As a big Twin Peaks fan, and a fan of most things the show has inspired, Kentucky Route Zero was on my radar for quite some time. I held off though because it was rumored to have been abandoned by the developers. Thankfully, that's not the case!There will be a total of 5 episodes and Episode 4 was just released this week. There was a long wait between Episodes 3 and 4, so long in fact that's why there are some recent negative reviews. With the advent of Episode 4, and the fact that it's currently 50% off, now is the perfect time to buy.As far as the game itself, it has quickly become my favorite Point & Click game of all time. There is a lot of reading involved, but since the dialog is so clever and fascinating, it goes down like reading an excellent novel. The graphics are minimalistic, but the art style is unique; it's as gorgeous as any other game in my catalog. The minimalistic approach lets the player use their imagination to fill in the gaps in an already mysterious world.Even when it's not on sale, the game is well worth every penny of the asking price. We can expect that Episode 5 won't take nearly as long to be released because the reasons for the prior delay are no longer factors. If you've been waiting for the perfect time to buy, DO IT NOW!"
,Recommended,231200,12204572,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,fransvb,"If David Lynch and Welcome to Nightvale had a baby and that baby was a pc game, biology wouldn't work the way we think it does. That being said, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,231200,20145080,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Avarice,"Now, at the time I'm writing this review, the game is rather far away from completion, with a release rate of barely 1 per year, which has rightly earned them some criticism, because there is most definitely cause and reason to asking for the product you paid for. The format in which I am going to review this product will be with the individual episode, and then, when the final episode is released, a sum-up/TL;DR will be at the bottom.Episode 1The first episode sets an incredible standard for the rest of the series to follow, as it sets the stage of an incredibly visceral and surreal saga with awe-inspiring beauty, in even the most subtle of ways. It introduces the player to set characters, as well as the main system of the game, basically being able to write your own character's story and character development, leading to a huge amount of dialogue. Out of the three currently released, this one is most likely my favourite, as it's when the game is still slightly odd (Constantly burning trees, ghosts, .etc) without stepping into the territory of batshit insane.Episode 2The second episode allows for the backstory of the already presented characters to come to light, as well as what exactly The Zero is, its relevance to the surrounding characters, and its use. One of the greatest experiences in a game I've ever had the immense pleasure of enjoying was exploring the Zero, all of its nooks, crannies and locations.Episode 3The third episode introduces colourful and enjoyable characters into the game, as well as some of the most atmospheric computer segments in a game ever. This was most likely my least favourite of the episodes so far, but I still enjoyed it far more than other adventure games that came out this year (Life is Strange).(TL;DR before Episode 4: Would I reccommend this game in it's current state? Only if it was to somebody that greatly enjoyed a story intense and immersion based experience.)But in order to enjoy this game it's true atmospheric glory, I would suggest playing the game with someone in the room, in order to converse the significance of events in the game and characters. After grabbing that person, turn your lights off, close your blinds and explore The Zero."
,Recommended,231200,26062397,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Westy,"This game is unlike anything you'll play.Don't go into it expecting... anything really. Cuz whatever your expectations are, it's not what this game delivers. But that's the magic of this game. It's an experience you wont be expecting in the best possible way. It challenges the structure of video games, and brings it's own unique bulding blocks.Just play it. You won't understand otherwise."
76561198048104903,Not Recommended,231200,29027650,Posted: 4 January,all,Chaotic_David,"Beautiful and surreal, but vastly beneath its potential. Story presents you with ability to make choices, but most choices are irrelevant to gameplay and don't alter the story. Sometimes choices presented to you are false choices. If you haven't picked the right choice, you are more agressively steered toward picking the right one. There's no freedom in this game.Story overall was very interesting at first, but after 2 hours of play, lost its allure with tangents and prematurely terminated story lines."
76561198091016562,Recommended,231200,12943044,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,EerieBadger,"If you're jaded of the same old killing and fetch questing of AAA games and looking for something different, then this game is for you. Great artistic direction and compelling story. Just sit in a dark room with headphones and let this game take you on one heck of a journey."
76561197999215452,Not Recommended,231200,14928745,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,meanmillz,"It's interesting, sure. I just can't recommend it because it's boring and I have no idea what's going on.It just feels a bit weird for the sake of weird. Everything is disconnected. It's slow. I played the first three chapters in something like 7 sessions because I couldn't get through 30 minutes of it without starting to feel my eyelids droop. ""Time for bed, I suppose"" I would say out loud (I live alone), and then I would realize it's only 9:30PM. I swear this happened at least 3 times.The writing is really good, actually. That's what's so dissapointing really. It's just really well written sentences and sentence fragments that don't tell you a whole lot, they just sound like a smart person wrote them. Lots of little vignettes that I haven't been able to put together.The sound is very well done too. I like the songs, I might actually purchase the soundtrack.The Zero itself was a huge let down. I get it, it's this mysterous highway and we're supposed to use our imagination on what it looks like. I wanted it to look like Homer Simpsons fever dream when he ate the insanity pepper. The visualization somehow broke my ability to use my imagination. I was just like, ""Why bother?""I'll still play the next two chapters, because I put in enough effort to find out what the f this game is about. But I am prepared to be dissapointed."
76561198025108206,Recommended,231200,29576987,Posted: 29 January,all,m34ch,"One of the weirdest and most beautiful games I've ever played. The graphics are minimalist in a way that I personally love, but they may not be for everybody.  Additionally, this is a point and click game, but most of the game revolves less around what you DO, but more like dialogue choices on how your character reacts to a particular situation.   Deeply affecting for me.  Additionally surreal, since I actually grew up in the area where the game takes place.  Makes me wonder what I might have missed down some of those country roads..."
,Recommended,231200,8571589,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fudge,game is grate
,Recommended,231200,24872297,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,cduffy,"Brilliant atmospheric storytelling. Love, love, love."
76561198133077076,Recommended,231200,14797134,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Name Shmame,"Kentucky Route Zero is one of my favourite game experiences in recent years.It's mastery of tone, mood and tension is top notch.  The dramatic settings, camera angles and lighting is just as sophisticated as any Cohen Brothers or Wes Anderson offering.  The use of music and overall sound design is superb as well.If you aren't afraid of a little confusion, and like well crafted and stylized worlds, this oddly charming point and click tale is worth full price and then some.10/10"
76561198141493768,Recommended,231200,14729905,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,youngavenger666,"I don't think i've ever been this impressed with a game to be honest. It's compelling, beautiful, fun, has a great soundtrack, and has this really great eerie lonely atmosphere that i absolutely love. if you don't mind reading a lot, you need to check out this game"
,Recommended,231200,10046180,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Downhirru Speciaristo,"One of the best visual styles I saw, along with Mirror's Edge and TF2."
,Recommended,231200,24785330,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,genesis8472,I love the way the game teaches lessons and demonstrates character through storytelling. Perspective helps tell the story as much as the dialogue and that's something I can resonate with.
,Recommended,231200,7975859,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mattman111,"I was absolutly stunned by this game, the art style is incredable and the story is unforgetable. Honestly I would consider this on my list of Games of the Year."
,Recommended,231200,13718363,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sokasuki,"This game right here, is amazing. Without spoiling it, what the game is so good at is creating unforgetable expereinces, and characters. While the gameplay is definitly simple (its a point and click adventure game), I think the simple mechanics actually benefit the game. The story, the characters, music and world are able to shine through much better.My only qualm wiht this game is that, while the episodic structure is great, with long, robust episodes, the episodes themselves take too long to release. The game tends to lose its steam after waiting months for the next episode.9/10"
76561198063985627,Recommended,231200,13630349,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,†‡† GL▲SS,"Best gig in a videogame, beautiful music. 10/A#"
,Recommended,231200,13636166,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,therealmogwai,"Cinematic and dreamlike.  Complex storytelling.  Definitely not for anyone.  Recommended for people who have loved and lost, pondered their life choices, enjoy long evening drives alone, or just getting lost and seeing where the day takes you.  For that group this game is a 8.5/10.  For everyone else 6/10."
,Recommended,231200,13726426,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fearful Ferret,My favorite game of all time. Buy it.
76561198031060670,Recommended,231200,8267314,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,InsanityAwaits,"Just play this, you need to place this, I was in love after minutes, the atmosphere is perfect"
76561198082520689,Recommended,231200,14198831,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Fronskuit,"I only played the first act, but frankly, I fell in love with this game the first 10 minutes. It's too late now to play further, but I'm eager to play more.Someone in the reviews said that if David Lynch would make a game, this would be it. I absolutely agree. The atmosphere is eerie, a little tense (in a calm, surreal way) but overall very ambient. The dialogues are beautifully poetic and metaphorical and makes you feel...something. I can't explain, just like when you would watch the mini-series 'Rabbits' by David Lynch (or the movie 'Inland Empire', if you are not familiar with that one). To me it feels like the ultimate form of self-therapy and the most beautiful kind of art.Yes, this game is art. From the few places that pop up when you are driving down an old road and find an even older building, where, down a dark hallway, you find a group of people sitting around a campfire and a lady comes up to you and gives you a coffee. It doesn't mean much, but it gives a somewhat melancholical feeling, in a good way of course.Of all the little indie games that are out there to be found, this one won my heart over the fastest. And I'm not even half way there yet. I believe, even though I haven't completed the game yet, this game is my favourite of all the games I own on steam."
,Recommended,231200,16920004,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ivanmussa,"Escolhas: elas são importantes nos jogos hoje. Vai matar Wrex? Vai abandonar Kaidan ou aquela personagem desinteressante que esqueci o nome? Vai transar com a jornalista enquanto seu filho está mantido em cativeiro por um serial killer que afoga crianças? Escolhas são difíceis.São difíceis mas não são sempre óbvias. Quem disse que toda escolha que se faz na vida resulta em uma consequência irremdiável que te faz refletir sobre a natureza do bem e do mal? Por que todo jogo precisa ser um exercício do seu julgamento moral que premia ações boas ou que mostra que bem e mal são conceitos difusos? E por que precisam ser épicos que centralizam nas mãos do jogador o destino do universo? Quero [também] histórias minimalistas. Por que não montar uma experiência na qual o jogador se perde em motivações, em narrativas fragmentadas e personagens [verdadeiramente] misteriosos? Que passeie por escolhas aparentemente sem fundamentos e consequências igualmente desconexas, e que dêem a sensação de que dessa vez o universo tem nosso destino em suas mãos? Kentucky Route Zero."
,Recommended,231200,8644004,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cam,wat
76561198068031173,Recommended,231200,32837827,Posted: 26 June,all,twigcollins,It is like nothing else out there.
,Recommended,231200,28576834,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,praguepride,Weird but kind of cool. More of an interactive novel then anything else as the puzzles are pretty straight forward.
,Recommended,231200,7947555,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,bugspray_addict_1999,surreal point and click misadventure best played in the dead hours of the night
,Recommended,231200,10945758,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sean H. Campbell,"I'm only at Act I, Scene 3, but this game is astonishing.  It's beautifully written and deeply clever (the choices you make in the dialogue trees are unconventional and interesting, although I have no idea how varied the game is depending on what you choose to say; I will simply say that it drastically changes the storytelling going on in your own head, at least).  The game is gorgeous and elegant, the characters are endearing and unique, and the incidental moments of folk tunes that slowly build in your speakers at unexpected moments give the game a haunting beauty.  The story is very mysterious and endlessly fascinating.  I cannot wait to see where this goes.Update: Having played all the episodes currently available (up to Episode Three), all I can add to what I said before is that the game continues to deepen into one of the most intriguing and original pieces of electronic art I've ever played.  The wait for the final two chapters already feels interminable, but even if I played no more, my time was well spent and absolutely unforgettable.  I think it's about time I relive the game..."
76561198004348055,Recommended,231200,10773179,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Goategg,"I don't normally go out of my way to review games, but this one is particularly great. The art style is very simple and, as you began to play, perfect for displaying the surreal events in the game.Really, this game just lets you play through an amazing story. A lot of the decisions you make are superficial but are meant to express how you're responding to the experience. It's a little but art-y and really beautiful.I don't think I'm doing it justice. You definitely need to play it."
,Recommended,231200,10908296,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,☠ ninjabong ☠,This game is even weirder and more awesome than I was led to believe.
,Recommended,231200,11567577,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,galja_johny,must read
,Recommended,231200,10766307,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ratboy 👌,one of my favorite games
,Recommended,231200,10871467,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wikipedia Brown,I mean sometimes it helps me fall asleep.  And you make up your own story kind of?  It's pretty good would recommend very neat.
,Recommended,231200,10996294,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mr Jedidiah,"Absolutley stunned by this game, it's a real work of art in the true cultural sense. Interactive theatre, improv, poetry, music, folklore and social commentary. I'm not sure what I expected before playing but it but it hasn't lived up to any expectations and that is a wonderful thing.I was nearly put off by reviews that said it was too short but I'm so glad I played it anyway, it's a gem, I'd take a small glass of top quality whisky over of a shed full of cheap lager anyday.Act III was well worth the wait, looking forwards to Act IV 🔜"
76561198001046216,Recommended,231200,11013717,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Guildenstern,"Atmospheric 2D/3D point-and-click mystery-adventure in episodes. Great graphics, sound/music, fantastic writing, and a very unique style. Get this."
76561198047341935,Recommended,231200,10938076,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,e-wok345,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. The music and the transitions are amazing and compliments the game perfectly. If you have ever listened to ""Welcome to Night Vale,"" then think of playing in that town, execpt it's in Kentucy."
,Recommended,231200,12603194,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Sir Francis Bacon,"Simply one of the most interesting, artistic, and moving peice of media I've seen in a long time. The sound and visuals  work together to create moments that are down right chilling, in that spooky but not cower under the covers kind of way. Its just a beautiful game, and ANYONE can enjoy it I think."
76561197985731410,Recommended,231200,12423241,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Leno,"Kentucky Route Zero may not be for everyone, afterall some people are robots, or weird glowing skeleton people...What i'm saying is: This is a story, an experience. Absolutely worth each and every cent.So much so that I ahve bought this for someone I know simply because i want to share the amazing joy i feel for having gone through 3/5 of this story."
,Recommended,231200,20161485,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TheWolfTyrant,So I picked the first Indie game I would immerse my self into and boy was it a great pick. The constant ambient feel you get through your playthrough is deeply calming. I would describe this as an interactive story book where you're free to explore and piece together the story by yourself. You'll meet lots of interesting characters that you will advance through the storyline with whilst exploring the highway on your journey to find the mysterious and infamous Kentucky Route Zero.A peculiar game to say the least but one that is definitely worth your time.
,Recommended,231200,11085461,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Giguv,"It is incredible how unbelievably great this game is. Immersive story, splendid and unique characters, complex and fascinating world and delicious soundtrack. Truly, time and money well spent."
,Recommended,231200,5815213,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,euske,"Okay, so after finishing the second game (Act 2), I started liking this a lot. The game is a visual novel under ongoing incremental release, and it is a very weird one. Well, ""weird"" is not a good word because the game is still oddly stylish, and it also feels oddly American. It's difficult to explain, but the terseness of a conversation, the way it goes from one topic to another, and the way people talk about their family. They are all distinctively American to me. I feel that Americans are always moving. Their life carries a distinctive form of nostalgia, which I can imagine is loosely shared by many people who have steered their life in the country. So far, this game has been about a past and its reminiscence. I still don't know where it is going, but if you're an introspective type, you might like this too."
,Recommended,231200,24471362,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,anhinton,With Act IV out this game continues to be the best way to spend my life.
76561198001583754,Recommended,231200,32073264,Posted: 30 May,all,RUGGERO DeCEGLIE,"Slow paced adventure rich of something ""mysterious"" that can fullfill the most curious among gamers. Yes it is slow, but beside the mondane adventure that the protagonist walks on, there is something that makes you think and stop in wonder.I want to play it again. I am not sure if my decision really inpacted the story so heavily, because if they did I am ready to reccomend this product even more.At the time of this review Episode V is not out yet, and given how long they took to release Ep IV, it will still take time. Let it absorbe and let it play with your mind and you will find a rare adventure rich of charm and art."
,Recommended,231200,27614224,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RadioToaster,"It's weird.  I started playing Act 1 at 6, then suddenly it was 9:00, everything was surreal, and it was finished.  Couldn't recommend it enough for people that want to play a movie like a video game."
,Recommended,231200,12647345,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jussi_FIN,"TL;DRDON'T PLAY YET.This is very strange ""game"". It is a point & click adventure, but not like Monkey Island games. You press button and your character moves and story goes on. Story feels good with mysteries and strange atmosphere. Story telling is even greater and I think that is the reason for so many good reviews.And here comes the bad thing. Game isn't finished and if you start playing this now you dont remember what has happened before, when next Acts will be released. So only play this game when all Acts are released! Otherwise you probably only get angry of few hours of gameplay and unanswered questions.Pros:+Story telling is awesome+Mysteries+AtmosphereCons:-Not a ""game""-Game is not finishedStory has left great questions and I really want to play this game through!"
,Recommended,231200,15027303,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,clavius,Games should take you somewhere.  It's escapism.  But how many resonate with you in the same way as a great book or a film you really love?  Games don't generally have as much of an emotional pull on us as these other things.This game is full of uncertain adventure.   The unknown is a risk and exploring that unknown can sometimes disturb you  But othertimes you'll be rewarded  with something so unexpected and beautiful that you were glad you were brave.  You will be glad you went out looking in the dark.This is unlike anything else I've played.  I'm so glad I did (and continue to).
,Not Recommended,231200,15428855,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Falco,"First act of the game was interesting, I enjoyed the environment and the story pace was ok. As the following acts came, the story got way too weird, no connections and to make everything worst, the game is just taking way too long to release the final chapters. So I feel obligated to not recomment the game. Not even in a huge sale."
76561197984262945,Not Recommended,231200,33381962,Posted: 8 July,all,pratt.s,"Wow.  I really don't understand all the positive reviews.  Are we playing the same game?  I'm not a terribly impatient person and don't just play shooters.  I've played many other slower-paced story driven games, like Firewatch, and enjoyed them immensely.  But this?  Good god, is it dull and tedious.  And story?  What story?  I've played the first act and it seems to be just a bunch of disconnected non-events.  I just can't force myself to continue with this when there are many other games out there that will not waste my time."
76561197966589198,Recommended,231200,7932093,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,yuckyducky,( ˘ ᵕ˘(˘ᵕ ˘⑅)/⌒つ⊂⌒ ヽ
,Recommended,231200,8320548,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Quadratisch,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Yes it is a point-and-click. Yes it is basically an interactive story book. No it isn't actually finished yet, but unless the devs somehow manage to completely drop the ball with the upcoming acts, I can't imagine the experience being soured.Unlike most point-and-clicks, this game does not rely on obtuse puzzles or ""look-and-find"" mechanics to progress the player through the game. Instead it lets the character development and presentation propel the story. The art and camera movements are fantastic, allowing for some genuinely stunning moments. It's difficult to explain without seeing it in motion, but this may be the most beautiful game I've ever played.Even if you don't like point-and-clicks, if you enjoy a good story and cinematic presentation please play this. I still can't stop thinking about it after finishing what the devs have already put out, and I can't wait to see how it all wraps up at the end."
,Not Recommended,231200,8499240,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kilathaar,"This isn't a review of the game.As of 2014-01-02 this is far from a finished game. Only two out of five acts has been released.Unfinsihed games should have a big red sticker slapped over the whole page sayining ""UNFINISHED"". I made a mistake and didn't read carefully enough that the whole game hasn't been released."
,Recommended,231200,25813809,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Douchebag Biff,"Never in my life have I played a more beautiful game. Kentucky Route Zero is a beautifully created game where the term ""every frame a painting"" truly applies. Every shot is visually interesting and creative, the dialouge is moving and literate, and the gameplay is simple yet enjoyable. Not only that, but it's great to listen to. The sound design is subtle yet perfect and the music matches the surrealist imagery it accompanies. Well worth the $24.99 price tag."
,Not Recommended,231200,13841964,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Angry_Faic,"This is a very strange one. At the risk of sounding extremely pretentious; this is not a game. This is an abstract work of art. It's not meant to be played like a game. It's meant to be watched, appreciated, and have its meaning dictated by the viewer while applying interactive elements. There is no plot, your goal isn't made apparent, it can even be purposefully boring and monatonous at times. It is an extremely strange and interesting experience. If you are interested in maybe watching a stage play where you pick the dialogue and you find the pricepoint a non-issue I'll recommend it, but if you want to have fun with a game there are much better options on steam for much less cash. That being said, I went into it completely blind and interested and had a very strange, pleasant experience."
,Not Recommended,231200,9141695,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,grigjd3,"What there is of the game is good. However, the game was released a year ago and we were promised four more acts. As of yet, we've received one of them."
,Not Recommended,231200,10836135,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CPU,"KRZ is more of a interactive experience than a game. Some incredibly gorgeous work, but the pacing is slow and plot is not engaging. After beating the first Act, I was left unenthralled."
76561197978495252,Not Recommended,231200,8405394,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,L etranger,Over rated game.Uninteresting npcs and unappealling story
,Not Recommended,231200,8819878,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Decimaelstrom,"For the premium price I was expecting it to be a complete story.  It currently contains only 2 acts out of 5.  And it's not certain that the other three acts will ever be finished, or whether the user will be expected to buy them as DLCs.  Don't get me wrong, the story is decent, and the storytelling is engaging.  But it's way too short I got through both acts in under three hours, and I did plenty of exploring.  My advice, is don't buy this game untill all 5 acts are finished."
76561198065201061,Not Recommended,231200,12538869,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,john.silver.007,"Well, you better find a good book to read... that game is really boring. If you are not indie-mistery-enigma-conundrum-drama person dont buy it.♥♥♥♥♥♥is too depressive to play. But there is no playing after all you just choose dialoge options read the story chapter by chapter. No action just cries about sad life of lame charaters."
76561198091067960,Recommended,231200,32608219,Posted: 20 June,all,fakeninja1997,"Words can't describe how much this game has moved me and made me think.Think about it? How many times has a game given you pause and let you think about the world.This isn't even mentioning the unique, elegant artstyle that does a lot with a little, amazing soundtrack and fantasic cast.The dialogue is so powerful and sad without ever beating you over the head with it.It showed me places culturally I would never would never oytherwise have found (the films of tarkovsky for instance I see in a new light)This takes what twin peaks did; showing the horror under nomal american life but instead shows the tragedy of it.Don't go in expecting a game you can ""lose"" or ""win"" it's a much more relaxed experience.Haven't even strached the suface of my love of Kentucky route Zero.To the developers: thank you for this game."
,Not Recommended,231200,14497562,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,iddqd,"*Reviewed while only 3 acts available*Overall, a superficially beautiful game, but let down massively by it's shallow story and lack of gameplay.I love adventure games, especially the point & click genre. I didn't love this.Yes, it's pretty. Yes, the music is incredible (when it rarely appears). Yes, the multiple angles of dialogue is an interesting take on narrative storytelling.[h2]BUT:[/h2]The story was written by someone tripping on acid - a unique experience, but the fact that lots of it made no sense at all gave me no satisfaction. There's comparisons to Twin Peaks from other reviewers - while TP was weird, it had a good storyline to back it up. KRZ didn't have that in my opinion.The game is actually very linear, despite what it may seem. There are very few puzzles to speak of, and the majority of the time you will be sent around the houses for no discernable reason other than to prolong the play time.A LOT of the gameplay involved tedious to-and-fro, much of it drawn out becauseyour character develops a limp which impedes his speed(possibly to prolong the gameplay).There is no real reward for exploration. You will spend minutesgoing up and down mine tracksto find nothing but random dialogue.Many locations in the game map feel like they should have been rendered and interactive - instead, you choose to interact with a destination and are given a mini text-based adventure. I can't help but feel like the developers cut a lot of corners, having these locations on their list to render, but never getting around to it so instead giving you text.It felt like nothing I was doing really mattered, there was no incentive to explore, because there weren't any puzzles or items needed to progress. Each stage of the game is essentially a decision tree with 9 dead ends containing nonsense and 1 correct path to the next area.Overall, a superficially beautiful game, but let down massively by it's shallow story and lack of gameplay."
76561198022662838,Not Recommended,231200,14506653,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ABedardo,"An adventure game that's more about being ""Art"" than game. The story attempts to be deep, but just comes across as slow in the process. We're 3 Acts in and I'm still waiting for the main character to reach the same revolation about what's going on as I have. One of the few duds I've come across in Indie Adventure games on Steam."
76561197962554973,Recommended,231200,17244448,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Syon,"Do you like surreal adventure games? Then you'll like Kentucky Route Zero. This is definately the best adventure game I've played in a long time. The atmosphere is great, artwork and music are very well done, and the story is mysterious and interesting.That being said, not everything is perfect. This game is incomplete, there are supposed to be 5 Acts and only 3 have been released. The dev is taking an eterity to finish this game and it feels like they may not at this pace. Given this, I strongly recommend waiting for a sale (the best sale this game has is 50%). It's not that the game isn't worth the money (it definately is and I highly recommend it), but full price for a game that's half done and may never be finished?In the mean time, while we're waiting (and hoping), why not dial 270-301-5797?"
,Not Recommended,231200,17759886,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Captain Serious,"Episodic gaming is a great concept when handled properly with timely releases.  Great examples are any Telltale game, and Life is Strange.KR0 is an example of how not to do it, unless they intended to♥♥♥♥♥♥off their customer base.  I believe good things are worth the wait, but this is ridiculous.  It's artsy fartsy all style no substances.Don't bother as of August 2015.  Check back in 2020 when its  finished.  Maybe."
76561197968570488,Not Recommended,231200,18225665,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Moondog,"Its interesting, and the art style is great, but I wouldn't classify this as a game in most respects.  It mostly just tells a trippy story as you click through the dialog.  As far as I can tell theres no branching or win conditions.  It's doesn't even rise to the level of a choose your own adventure adventure book, as all the dialogue 'options' appear to do nothing of signifigance.  Not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,231200,10098297,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Lt. Don Draper,"Update Three Years:It's been three years. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, dev team.New Review, after waiting over two years for this game to release:I can't recommend this game anymore. You're paying a lot for a good movie, but it's an unfinished movie. It's become a scam. If act 4 releases with a 10 hour storyline it'll be worth it; but let's face it: I'm no shill so I can't recommend this anymore.Basically a scam now, and that's sad. It had great potential, music,artwork, and an interesting storyline but it's probably dead.Prior, positive review:I honestly can't say I've ever played a game like it.I spent ~3 hours (Steam says this) getting through acts 1-3. I still think the $18.74 was worth it, for something I've never experienced before.It plays more like a movie, and anything your character says twists how the game works.I will warn that the game is short, though."
76561198003420249,Not Recommended,231200,9020459,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Handy,"I have to admit, I think this game it too arthouse for me. I'm missing it. I played for the first several chapters and I just didn't latch onto any piece of it. The responses you give in dialogue seem to allow you to... shape reality?... in that the response to questions are very different, e.g. What's the dog's name? a) Her name is Lady b) His name is Butch. In my opinion, KRZ leaves you with an experience that is unhinged and incoherent. I see all these great reviews but I'm sorry, it's just too artsy for me. I think it's best put that this game is like if someone wrote a poem about a dream they had, this would be it. If that description appeals to you, awesome. If not, stay away."
76561197970530828,Not Recommended,231200,14582520,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,thud,"Visually interesting, slow gameplay, no payoff."
76561198041735957,Not Recommended,231200,16746627,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,humanier,Unfortunately I didn't like the storyline which I found too strange and vague and without a clear goal.
76561198031836806,Not Recommended,231200,12186059,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,blackheart2,"This came very highly recommended, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it. I did try."
,Not Recommended,231200,12420425,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Puma\\\,"Buyer beware.No matter how good reviews are for a ""point & click adventure game"", if that is NOT your thing...Then you will not enjoy this game.I really tried to like it, but you have to be in a very specific mood to be able to watch blocks move across your screen at the speed of snail. Sure, the designs are fantastic, but the dialogue is silly, and the characters are not very engaging, imo."
,Not Recommended,231200,13750968,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,marky,Prime example of why you should avoid buying incomplete games. Almost 2 years later and only 3 of the 5 acts have been released.Buy it when it's complete.
,Not Recommended,231200,15751091,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Castaway,Act 3 has way too much text and too little of a game. Here's hoping when/if Act 4 is released it'll remedy this.
76561198003354767,Not Recommended,231200,17571944,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Peteru$,"It's great HALF of a game, while I remember paying for WHOLE game.Waiting an extended time for exceptional content would be generally acceptable, but there is a limit. KR0 went way over this limit some months ago."
,Not Recommended,231200,18541264,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,gravity,"Way too long for the game to be completed...On the opposite end of the spectrum, I'm sincerely [cough] looking forward to HL:2, EP.3"
76561198027102439,Not Recommended,231200,20257492,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,"I agree with a lot of commenters stating that the stroy is all over the place. It's so mysterious it doesn't make sense anymore. Also, the fact that you can't remember what happened in the last episode makes the story seem even more chaotic. Waiting more than a year for something you paid for leaves you feeling unsatisfied and angry at such an aestetichally pleasing game you had such high hopes for... I am disappointed."
76561198121605047,Not Recommended,231200,28297608,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,jamesjrobson,"Well despite the final act not being out yet, I thought I'd take a punt on this game after reading so many positive reviews. My main concern was that I'd be left hanging on a knife-edge waiting for that final piece, but after giving up with sheer boredom near the beginning of Act 3, I wish I hadn't bothered playing in the first place. Yes, it is visually stunning and the soundtrack is great, but that's about it. The action (if you could call it that) is slow and plodding and I could almost forgive it for that if each choice taken had different consequences and there was more of a 'game' element to it, but the whole thing is very linear, and whilst linear isn't necessarily bad if there is an element of action or puzzle to the game, in this case it just results in something very dull."
76561198025509839,Recommended,231200,25766088,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,usb_stIck,One of the most well crafted games i've seen in years! Excellent work and can't wait for that final act!
,Recommended,231200,30337394,Posted: 5 March,all,Faith,"I bought this game thinking it'd be an accurate portrayal of Kentucky and its vivid, wild culture. LIke Justified, or every episode of Hate Thy Neighbor.It's not.Oh thank god."
76561198053481505,Recommended,231200,30415861,Posted: 9 March,all,alise.ponsero,absolute perfection... so many great songs and visuals !
,Not Recommended,231200,24525466,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DragonFax,"Too aimless.With the first episode, I fell in love with this series. It was odd. There were mysteries to understanding the world presented in this game. There were new techniques in game dialog and story that I hadn't seen before. And the simplistic look didn't scare me away at all.With the second episode, more mysteries, no answers. But there were yet more new mechanics to enjoy and theorize about.I was excited to start the 3rd episode, but by the end it was quite apparent that there is no ""plan"" here. There is no story. Just a bunch of random things happening. This made it difficult to care about any of the characters, and their stories. By the end of the 3rd episode it was a fight to keep going long enough to finish it.The 4th episode was even harder to start, knowing that plodding through tons of slow dialogue wouldn't gain any real answers or plot development. It was a fight to keep pushing through, without caring about the characters or situations, as they were going nowhere.I won't bother to play the 5th episode... if it ever comes out. I'm putting this in my steam category reserved for games to never look at again. Along side several permanently broken and forgotten titles, some kickstarters that were never finished, but released anyways, and the Worms series."
,Not Recommended,231200,8564531,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,kdu3142,"Looks like a great game. And all in all, it is. But it has been more than 7 months and act III is still not in the game... It's taking too long. I would actually like my money back, because I paid for a full game and I don't have it."
,Not Recommended,231200,8379681,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RoleplayeR,"It's one of those ""I'd rather not call it a game, but an art project"" type of releases that we've got so many this year.It's a point and click adventure in style with barely any gameplay, you follow along a person and his dog on a strange journey that asks many questions and doesn't like to give answers. Minimalistic strange graphic design will most likely not get in your way, but is not really great to look at if you are not a fan of Picasso or smth like that :DMost of the time spent in this game is reading dialogue and descriptions of items. Probably going to be even more convoluted in later chapters, but I do not care to find out.PS. I don't think this is even out fully yet, they seem to be releasing chapters once in a while and I'm not sure how many of them will be there really, but unless you are really intrigued by what you've read - don't bother. =)"
76561198047662426,Not Recommended,231200,12179517,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,lukeyguy,"Arty farty nonsense masquerading as a game. This is the third time where I have been conned into buying a rubbish game by review sites (the first two being ""Dear Esther"" and ""Gone Home""). Art house games should be clearly labelled and come with a warning that they are terrible. This situation reminds me very much of the ""Emperor's new clothes"" children's story - pretentious reviewers are so hyped up over proving how sophisticated and arty they are, they fail to realise that they are reviewing an insubstantial turd.I WANT MY MONEY BACK."
,Not Recommended,231200,8567787,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,"everyone fights, no one quits","This is more of a poem than a game.  Very artsy, very linear, not much to do.  After two acts I still don't know what is the point."
76561198067323576,Not Recommended,231200,8602622,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ivaniko,Im 51 years old. I've been playing video games since PONG. This is the most boring game i have ever played.
76561197971650483,Not Recommended,231200,12021712,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,badhras,"This isn't a game. It's art. However, art comes in a lot of varieties... and you'll hate it if you don't have the proper mindset. This is one of those games where the gamers who are tired of the same old same old hold up as an example of ""look, video games can be so much MOOOARR!!0eleventy11!!"" Kinda' like when your pretentious friend invites you to eat at some artsy restaurant, and you order and the food tastes meh bordering on WTF because your food palette really wanted a non-subtle burger and fries, but you got some kind of truffle pate in a soufle or somesuch.Since mindset is everything for this game, let me describe what you need.1] you need time and patience. you can't rush this.2] you need to have an open mind and keep clicking. yes. suspend disbelief with that wtf moment. keep clicking.3] you need to be inquisitive enough to wonder what happens next, even if you're confused.I really can't recommend this game at this price. Right now, I'm feeling like I want 3 hours of my life back... you're buying an experience... an experience I'd liken to getting a major second-hand high from a bunch of dudes filling the room with the Light of Jah."
76561197970837903,Not Recommended,231200,10469318,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kerry,"This game is a classic example of ""the emperor has no clothes"" everybody wants to think because they paid over the odds for it that it is some how profound.  It trots out old cliches as if they are wisdom personified. Really if you are going to make a game that has dreadful graphics even by thiry years ago standard then at least try to write something interesting don't trawl the pre schools for ideas. Don't bother with the rest of it nobody cares."
,Not Recommended,231200,8601113,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,crash7800,"It's a Click and Point Adventure where you also choose the entire adventure. You'll not only make choices for your character, but also everyone else and sometimes the things around you. You'll dictate how things are as much as you'll uncover through investigation.It's beautiful, haunting, eerie, and melancholy. It's slow, obtuse, and impressionistic. You won't understand what's going on, and it won't try to change that.No action and only a strange artistic kind of satisfaction will make this a pass for most. As others have stated - less of a game and more of a ""piece""."
,Not Recommended,231200,8980325,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,huxley001,"I would have originally thought this was a great recommendation, but the game isn't even finished.  It is taking an incredibly long time to finish, so buy it.... when it's done.   If you can't wait, well...  you get act 1 and 2 of a 5 act game.I loved what I played so far, but I fear it's never going to get finished."
76561197970968073,Not Recommended,231200,12213934,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Roboman,"I got through 50 mins of the ""game"" and decided I wasn't interested, wasn't entertained and not curious enough to keep going. You can guess within about 2 mins of playing that you're either dead and in some kinda limbo or something but the game goes on as if it thinks the gamer is still trying to figure out what's going on. Just seemed boring to me. I'm so sick of finding these low budget atrocities being sold for real money and being the sucker that pays for them. If a game is made in some guys basement on his weekends, why does it have a price tag to match games with multi million dollar budgets.... sob's got me again."
,Recommended,231200,22430510,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jointhesaga,"Quite enjoyed this artful narrative experience, but eager to see the next installment!"
,Not Recommended,231200,13481375,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ke[n]ton,I don't understand the draw of this game.  Is very linear point and click.  The story was boring as far as I got.
,Not Recommended,231200,16631992,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"It delivers well on a spooky atmosphere, but not on much else.I'm not strongly against the game, but it just didn't grip me enough to continue on and buy any of the episodes after the first.If atmosphere is enough for you, maybe this would be a good title to pick up."
,Not Recommended,231200,11407759,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,N-G-Neer,"2deep4u, 2artsy4me.Seriously, I thought there was more to it but eeh...The graphics are nice-ish I guess."
,Recommended,231200,20609344,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,nerdfarm,Wait until all five acts are finished before you purchase this. The wait between acts has been unacceptably long.
,Not Recommended,231200,17360975,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AFGNCAAP,"What exists of this game is beautiful, compelling and deserving of critical acclaim. However, I don't ever expect this product to be completed and, as such, I cannot recommend it."
76561197983082568,Recommended,231200,12195275,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Blue64,You like to point and click - and so do I.I point and clicked - so do you.
76561198046210947,Not Recommended,231200,17407692,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Spiderweb,"I very strongly suggest waiting until this game is finished before you buy it. The first parts are pretty good, but development seems to have ground to a halt."
,Not Recommended,231200,16465343,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Calsin,It's been over a year for them to release a new episode and I'm almost convinced that this game isn't going to see any development anytime soon. If you only want half a story and to be left in the dark with no context. Then this games for you.
,Not Recommended,231200,16497382,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tokennerdgirl,"By all accounts, this should be a fantastic game.  The first 3 acts are well done.  The game play is interesting, the visuals are fantastic, the music is hauntingly beautiful, and the story is intriguing.  I genuinely enjoyed my play time.The reason I can not recommend this is that there have been zero updates on when Act 4 and Act 5 will be released.  Act 3 came out over a year ago, and even when there was a delay then, the developers let fans know what was going on.  There has been nothing but radio silence from Cardboard Computer on the progress of this game.  Their website has not been updated since the release of Act 3.  Fans post to facebook expressing their concerns and are ignored.  The only activity seems to be added gamepad support in February and an auction held in March.  Fans understand that delays in games happen, but to hear nothing over the course of a year is getting ridiculous, especially after paying for a full game.The game is only available as a season pass.  Don't pay full price for an unfinished game that has no end in sight.  This is the last time I will buy a season pass on Steam."
,Not Recommended,231200,13248144,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Solstice,"It starts off as interesting and I love the art style and graphics (especially in stereoscopic 3D) but as time goes on I got more and more bored to the point that standing in line for a new driver's licence started sounding like a blast. This game just turns into a confusing timesuck and I found myself just clicking to get the dialog moving, hoping that some point to this ""game"" would happen. By Chapter 3 Act 10 I just couldn't take anymore and had to quit. If you are the kind of person that enjoys watching paint dry, or wondering if there is deep meaning in things with absolutely no meaning, then by all means this is the game for you. Everyone else that was rating it so highly aparently thought they would seem ""dumb"" and like they ""didn't get it"" if they didn't review it positively --like going to an art museum with a know-it-all..."
76561198030864926,Recommended,231200,23466214,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uty,iwasinlove
76561198086026903,Not Recommended,231200,21500013,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dumble,It is not really a game just a click through story.
,Not Recommended,231200,17060348,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Silviu,Absolute scam. DO NOT BUY under any circumstances.They promised all five acts to be released by the end of 2013. It's 2015 and only three are out. It's been more than a year since Act 3 was released.Steam should refund all customers who were taken in by this scam.
,Recommended,231200,11075348,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"Mesmerizing, magical, eerie, heartwarming, strange, scary. That and more is what I feel when playing it. Artish, but not only that. Beautifully and thoughtfully designed. No puzzling or anything that could be considered a challenge gameplay-wise, more of an interactive story. Lots of details and deep text lines and settings. Altering perspectives, surreal elements making you often question whether this is supposed to be real or some odd mythical tale told among friends sitting in front of a fireplace. It's not finished yet but I can already tell at this point that it's of one of the most unique, subtle and immersive games I've ever played."
,Recommended,231200,19556680,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lartay,"At its current state I feel confident in saying I suggest you give this game a go. It's surreal, mysterious and incredibly beautiful despite being so graphically simple.HOWEVER you may want to purchase it when all the acts are released, this is my current and only gripe. IT TAKES SO LONG FOR NEW ACTS TO COME OUT. I have completely forgotten the story since the start. I'll have to go back through and play them all again once all the acts are released. This is why I'm suggesting you hold off buying until it's fully released.Despite being completely bizarre and surreal, it's very well written so far. If you enjoy getting lost in feelings and emotions for a game, please try this. It is possibly the most calming game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,231200,24985394,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ChaosReigner,"Not that I hate this game: but holy crap is it a slog (maybe that's the point?). Don't get me wrong, maybe it's worth playing: I mean it's gorgeous and it has some really great moments (Lynette breakfast, Cate almost dying from a m---------e, robots singing in b-r) but the rest is like a boring co-worker non sequitir stories at me (also, maybe the point). Dunno, maybe I'm just dumb... maybe it will win me over with the next act?"
,Recommended,231200,21555119,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,peace was not an option,"Imagine the morning: you got out of your bed, went to the kitchen and forgot why are you here. Later, you end up in this small town, and you are lost and you're not entirerly sure if you're not being watched (you are). But hey, it's a quiet and friendly town, you can ask for help (and you will); you're in a hurry (well... you was?) and this dog... (is she yours?) You know how it happens: turn left, then on 26, than to the Crystal and back. Does your hand still glow?This isn't your typical 'point n' click' game. There isn't spare parts in your inventory, there are no puzzles to solve. You're immersedto the story and only your desisions matter.I bought it a year ago. Today I come back again and again. I'm sure it's worth the wait. I'm ready to wait, it grew into me.UPD: It was worth it, every month of waiting. After episode IV I feel like the end is near and I'm scared of it, I'm sad. I just met more new people with more strange stories. I stole a cat! I can't imagine how this roadtrip can end."
76561197973463952,Recommended,231200,21675978,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Teddy,"A must play. What a game, and what a story. The atmosphere is superb. Buy it. Play it. Love it."
76561198079927653,Recommended,231200,8651537,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Voider,"This is a great game. It is pushing the boundaries of game design. If you are simply looking for a game with amazing graphics and pure action, this is not for you. You need to have patience. I think what the industry needs is more games where the point of the game is not to get to the end. This is a game very much about exploration. Rather than having to perform puzzles to move ahead, you become genuinely interested in the mystery and want to explore for yourself."
,Recommended,231200,16986045,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Xen0n,"So much better than I expected it to be - thought provoking, interesting, you can see the Marquez influences in this one."
,Recommended,231200,21095379,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bro,"Mythical and charming, Kentucky Route Zero is like nothing else out there. Be charmed by theater-set-design-inspired set-pieces scored with bitter sweet folk music, smart writing, dream-like situations and lovable outsider characters.The magical highway underneath and through Kentucky links many amazing places - the Museum of Dwellings where displaced people live in homes ferried to a ghostly forest during the day by a giant eagle and his little human brother, the Kafkaesque Bureau with it's nondescript brick and cement walls, piles of nonsensical paperwork, and ... a department of bears?, the cyclopean caverns under the earth inhabited by a depressed scientist and his crew who once worked upon a revolutionary mold computer that simulates a strange echo-world, the haunted remains of a church yard in which the graves have been tapped to produce a strange brew by light-and-shadow people who trick others into working for them for near-eternity through debt - but none of these places are stranger than the human heart. There is a humanity and compassion here deeper and more moving than I can express adequately."
76561198087843950,Recommended,231200,20429551,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mattcayenne,"Kentucky Route Zero is an odd game, to say the least. It is developed by Cardboard Computer, and there is a computer made of cardboard in it. Actually, the game may really be made of painted bits of cardboard cut into interesting shapes. I do not know, but what I do know is that this game is quite decent.You start off the story with an elderly fellow named Conway, who is delivering a package in his truck to someone located on Dogwood Drive. To get there, he is told, he must find a way to [wobbly, smoky lettering]The Zero[/wobbly, smoky lettering] in order to get there. What follows is what happens in his pursuit of this location.I feel I ought to address the issue of the acts, as they stand currently this fine January afternoon in 2016. There are at this time three of five promised acts, and the development of the remaining two acts has been pushed back to an indefinite time. Act IV is purportedly imminent, but the exact timing is still undefined.It is some folks' opinion that you should wait until the game is completely and totally finished before you bother with the first three acts, as the developers are totally attempting to scam us all by falsely advertising a five-act game while only delivering three.It is my opinion that if those are your thoughts in this debate, you ought not be playing this game, as I am reasonably certain it simpy is not your sort of game. Having played through the first three acts, I do not feel particularly stiffed in not having the last two yet. I have backed projects on Kickstarter, for goodness sakes, and if that has taught me anything it is that a rushed project will yield nothing but misery. Certainly, this is a long night, out on the road, but isn't that kind of the point of the game?"
,Recommended,231200,24070127,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LouieSalmon,"Kentucky Route Zero has the most interesting dialogue system I have ever seen in a game. And not because it has particularly many choices or branching paths (though it certainly scratches the itch of dialogue tree decision-making), but because the dialogue system fluidly gives you information about the character you play as without a plot dump or exposition of their backstory. You don't learn anything about characters when you meet them, you learn it when you play as them. And when exactly you play as them is another interesting point, as what character you are controlling changes often once you meet the first other main character. And eventually you don't really control any one character, but rather you get to see what everyone in your party is thinking and choose one of their dialogue options. It's an interesting and effective way of learning about a main cast of characters that I've never really seen before. The visuals are absolutely gorgeous while running on a potato, because everything is solid colors and nothing in the environments needs to move much. Lots of pretty scenes and abstract imagery, in a nice rural setting. It's not usually something I bring up, but the audio design is such an important part of this game and done so well that it deserves praise too. I'm excited for acts IV and V, with act III being one of the most intriguing segments of a game I've ever played. If you're on the fence because all the acts aren't out yet, you should buy this. I don't want to spoil much more, but it's the best game I've played of it's genre, and this is probably my favorite genre of games. What's already here is great, and the developers are working hard to complete it."
76561198096079278,Recommended,231200,16472240,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,FriendFive,"DISCLAIMER: It's been awhile since I played this game and I am finally getting around to reviewing it. I put off reviewing it for so long because it's such an odd game and I didn't know what to say about it. Anyway, the point is that I am going off of my faulty memory.I liked this game but it's not for everyone. It's really hard to pin down. It plays like the graphical adventure games of olden days--King's Quest, Police Quest, Space Quest, etc. except you don't really collect items in an inventory, neither do you really solve any puzzles. It almost feels like a surreal text adventure populated with quirky characters but with some impressionistic graphics and haunting music to go along with it. It's like a game that Sierra On-Line would have made back in the day, if David Lynch and William Faulkner had worked there.The game feels more like a tone poem. It's eerie at times, but not scary. It can be hauntingly beautiful at times, leaving you feeling melancholy. Sometimes it can be weirdly comical. As I said before, you don't really solve any major puzzles and you only occasionally feel like you are pursuing any sort of goal or are part of any story that is advancing toward any kind of resolution. You sort of go along for the ride and you do have decisions to make, but those are mostly just selecting dialog. The gameplay, what little there is, feels like mostly just adding some subtle nuance to the way the characters interact with each other.Looking back over what I wrote, it can seem like I am being negative about the game, but I can say that it was a very unique experience and I thought that the presentation, however odd, was enjoyable. If you want to try something really different, I suggest you give this game a shot when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,231200,10100007,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,eXoScoriae,"This game is supposedly about 1 hour per act.  I have 7 hours logged and I've only played two acts.  Hows that work?  Well, just moseying around has led me to so many strange side interactions that I find myself crawling along every inch of the backroads and exploring every nook and cranny in the game.  Granted, I probably fell asleep to some bluegrass music at some point and logged a few hours that was as well =) The point is though, tat beating this game is not a challenge, nor is it the point.  Simply experiencing the game and absorbing it's atmosphere s the entire purpose of KRZ.It's the perfect game for late night insomnia. It will have you asking yourself if you read that right... did the text just fade away or did you start to fall asleep?  Where did the person go you just saw flicker in the light?  Was it a person?  Or are you just tired and seeing things?  That area between conscious and unconscious thought is where the game resides, and it is where I tend to play  it.  It has the a warm mysterious nature about it that seems earie and welcoming at the same time."
76561197975967973,Recommended,231200,12218966,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,scri33le,"This game is terrific.  Reminds me a lot of ways of ""Out of This World"".  I grew up near and went to church in this area so the map-driving system and places seem very real to me.  At points, I felt like I knew exactly what store the character was walking into and had seen that cooler the game referenced.  It just really invoked memories and impressions that I had when I was very young such that I was just immersed in the game."
,Recommended,231200,12617545,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sammael,This is a wildly original and infinitely intriguing point and click. Strong David Lynch vibes.
76561198120702986,Recommended,231200,12304499,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,glendwyer2002,Great game ...a work of art.  Trying to find other games like this one.
76561197998239337,Recommended,231200,12253010,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,killthrush,"It's hard to call this a game, really - it's more of an interactive film.  But what a film!  The surreal and ever-mutable ""script"" reminds one of Charlie Kaufman and Neil Gaiman works without being an obvious ripoff.  And the vector animation is brilliant, hearkening back to the old sega genesis classic Flashback, but far beyond it in execution.  The scenes show unprecedented depth and the ambient soundtrack and fx are outstanding.  It's the little things, like watching an office floor full of bears head-track your every movement, the fluid shifting of perspectives from character to character, or the subtle shimmer of every appearance of the word Zero on the screen that make this title just so damn interesting.If you're looking for straightforward action/strategy/puzzles/etc, this title is probably not for you.  On the surface, it's perhaps easy to overlook the the unspoken details of this experience - it's very light on exposition.  But if you enjoy reading, indie films, and video games as I do, there's a really rewarding experience waiting for you.  Let your brain be engaged in the story, and trust me, you'll love it."
,Recommended,231200,10685052,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,High ride36,Awesome game
,Recommended,231200,10519045,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,'NuffSaid,"Lovely story with a sidedish of goosebumps. Get the game and get lost in route Zero, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,231200,10547999,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Peter Destruco,"Wonderful atmosphere, almost novel like in its prose. Almost poetic. No, absolutely poetic"
,Recommended,231200,10551681,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nophex,aesthetically great!
,Recommended,231200,10960328,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,boxxy brownn,there is a road in this game where my family's cemetery is located. 10/10
76561198118183426,Recommended,231200,12248968,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,CunningStunt,"Captivating, mysterious, and eerie. Wasn't really sure what to expect going into this game, but was really surprised with how intrigued it left me. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,231200,13607929,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mortal,one of the most atmospheric games ever created.
76561197984306439,Recommended,231200,10977942,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dirty Space Darcy,"There's no puzzles it's more like an adventure game where you just make decisions about characterization and plot points via your dialogue choices. For something linear that doesnt involve puzzles or rubbing objects together and hoping they mate, you have a  lot of control over the contextualization of the story and it's a really good surreal little road trip.You're going to follow the exact same linear path but it's a nebulous morale choice system that simply chooses your own adventure in a unique way. It's really vivid, and entirely narrative driven. And it doesnt rate your decisions vs everyone elses, you could just play it again and be surprised at how different things turned out . (while still being the exact same chain of events)"
,Not Recommended,231200,8456456,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jimmy McGee,"This is the only good walking simulator. It nails all of the literary qualities that are important for games like this. What most of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gone Homes and Life Is Stranges miss is the good storytelling and atmosphere that this game has in spades. It uses visuals and writing good enough for it to overcome the complete lack of gameplay. This might as well be an animated film. They couldn't make me pay $30 for a movie though ;)That said, it pushes gaming backwards just as far as these other walking simulators and, damningly, I bought it three years ago and only one new episode has been released. That's unforgiveable.Good game, but don't buy it yet until they finish it. If ever."
76561198018642305,Recommended,231200,12219625,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,vupe,reppin that kentucky life B)
,Recommended,231200,9802728,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Wrath66,"A beautiful, atmospheric, unsettling, surreal dream."
,Recommended,231200,7965012,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,SpaceNinjas,"Art house narrative, sad bluegrass, magical realism, and the revival of the career an artist nobody has heard about in 30 years. Stretches the definition of what a ""game"" is in a similar way to how Dear Esther pushes the boundaries of the medium. By the end of an episode I'm left feeling vaguely dislocated from reality. A pretty cool feat."
76561198058495971,Recommended,231200,8739362,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Mustang,Interesting game! I'll play it fer a bit longer and see what I can see!
,Recommended,231200,16906394,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ptrck,"Whilst the game is admittedly unfinished, what you get for your money so far is incredible. It's got a lot more content than many finished games on Steam. The storyline is gripping, the characters are diverse, Ben Babbitt's soundtrack is incredible. Maybe wait for it to go on sale before you buy it if you're uncertain about paying £18.99 for an unfinished game..."
,Recommended,231200,20115038,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,.l,Unfolds largely like a theater set piece. Love it!
76561198020098621,Recommended,231200,20767062,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ascarim,"I love this game and it's not for the same reason I love many other games (gameplay, graphics, difficulty). It´s because this game is so much more than all the other ""overwhelmingly positive"" indie games I buy and finish in a few hours. KRZ has characters that you will not remember the names of, except Blue, and neither does it have engaging gameplay or even coherent writing. What it has is a story and experience that sticks with you, I don't know of any game I remember as vividly as KRZ and the fact that it's released across such a long timespan honestly doesn't face me since it either gives me a reson to A) anticipate it and prolong the pleasure or B) play through it again, ever time being as incoherent as the last.So bottom line: it gets an OK from me, buy it."
,Recommended,231200,16871544,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Easy Love,"Now, take this review with a grain of salt because, yes, this game is unfinished and there have been absolutely no signs from the developers as to when the next acts will come out (currently there are only 3 acts out of a presumable 5 available).This is an incredibly unique game unlike any other narrative-driven game out there. The plot and basis of this game is incredibly refreshing in its originality, not only introducing its lore but completely submersing the player in it. At times it can feel hard to follow because all you want to ask is ""What the hell is all this?"", which you may. But at the same time you can just say ""Well alright then"" and dive deeper.The game gives you control over not just one character, but the entire cast of the game, manipulating the dialogue and developing the characters as you see fit. Each character has their own personality and background that could be interpreted in many different ways, and the game allows you to interpret them however you like and expand upon it through the dialogue choices you make.This is very much an exploratory game; a large world with nooks and crannies giving more insight as to where you are. Don't expect the game to point you towards hidden trivia, take the time and find it yourself. And if you get stuck not knowing what to do, eh you'll figure it out. It's a slow-paced game, treat it as such.Alright now down to brass tacks. Is this game worth buying? Yes. When will the rest of the game be released? Hell if I know, go harass the developers if that's your style. Buying episodic games before they're finished is an investment, and I believe that the current 3 acts released is a good sweet spot of available content to allow you to get your money's worth and pray that you get some return."
,Recommended,231200,17228061,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jenn,"Great game with great aesthetic and great ost, but the plot is the havy aprt of it, so if you are into it for the mechanics go play not an adventure game, also, not all chapters have been released."
,Recommended,231200,24549676,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Benjamin,Totally worth the wait!  Been here and I'm not leaving now. Would buy again
,Recommended,231200,25735523,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,impiaaa,"The Destructoid review above likens KR0 to the feeling of sitting around the campfire telling ghost stories. It's definitely that, but also, like,Have you made friends where you thought there were none to be found?Have you ever stared at the stars and realize how ♥♥♥♥ed we all are, and, in the same moment, realize how insignificant we all are in the universe?Have you ever gone outside, late at night, to watch the city, and just feel everything…slow…down…?That's this game.At least, that's what the first act is like. The second one picks up the pace a little, and the third and fourth - well, they're spooky enough they might as well be a horror game. Not, like, frightening, just unsettling. Still a great atmosphere. There's no anti-aliasing so I originally forced it on in my graphics settings (MSAA, not any of the junky screen-space stuff), but apparently it was an artistic choice by the developer to leave that out. Looks amazing either way."
,Recommended,231200,20219249,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,"Late night poetry, drifting between stations on the radio. Stark shadows, soft lighting, and the rare game that's anchored by the bond between a man and his dog. It's surreal, but the surrealism is the grounded Americana type, and it flows from the characters, the land, and the systems that exploit them."
,Recommended,231200,21455504,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Minalear,"I think this is one of the most amazing and immersive story centric games I've played in recent history.  Many people complain about the lack of updates, as the game isn't finished yet.  I wouldn't spend money on it unless you don't mind waiting for the final chapters, or you don't like story centric video games.  It's not action packed or have strong mechanics, it's just a cool experience.  However, the game was supposed to be finished by now, but game development is hard and I don't mind waiting.  Just know what you're getting into before purchasing."
76561198082999715,Recommended,231200,21719300,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Walcutt,"Quite possibly the most immersive and atmospheric games I have ever played. Between the well-designed and written characters, the beautiful and distinct art style, the all-encompasing soundtrack and the weird story and environments, the game had me hooked from the beginning.My only complaint is the development time on Act 4, although it should be coming out before too long according to the devs. Definitely worth the price on sale, and probably at full price as well."
,Recommended,231200,30079377,Posted: 21 February,all,Alex,"A very entrancing, unique gem of a video game that's quite the breath of fresh air. The artwork is beautiful and surreal and the story deeply captivates and intrueges. I strongly suggest you play this game. (It's roughly 9 hours long so I suggest you set a whole day aside just to play this straight.)"
76561198198272997,Recommended,231200,23780699,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,VernumV,A very beautiful game. They managed to perfectly capture the strange feeling of driving around late at night.
,Recommended,231200,25543727,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,john.fisherman,"A gorgeous visual experience and a poetic fantastic-realism setting. If David Lynch were to make a game, this would be it."
,Recommended,231200,16249045,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Juldans,"Kentucky Route Zero is a game. Kentucky Route Zero is also an experience. It is possible to perform in-depth analysis of the many notable references within the game and experience, but I will not do it here. Kentucky Route Zero is divided into five acts, out of which only three have been published at the time of writing. This three-fifths situation does not stop me from preparing this quick review. Kentucky Route Zero is worth it.Many games have the character of a novel or a short story. Kentucky Route Zero is more like poetry, and as poetry it has a story to tell between the lines. The narrative starts when Conway, a truck driver, stops by a darkened gas station (Equus Oils) somewhere in Kentucky to get directions. He needs to make a delivery to an address which he cannot find, and is informed by the old man at the gas station that he needs to take the somewhat mysterious Route Zero to be able to make the delivery. Hence Conway starts his journey through the Kentucky night in search for the Zero.Along the journey, Conway meets several characters with interesting and rich background stories. Examples of these are the cousins Shannon and Weaver Márquez that have lost contact with each other over the years, the young boy Ezra whose parents have disappeared and now lives with his unusual brother Julian, and the motorcycling musicians Johnny and Junebug. During the night, Conway also uncovers more and more details about a complicated story from many years ago involving the three then college students Joseph, Lula and Donald:It’s something like a tragic love triangle, but much more complex. Some kind of tangled, painfully concave love polygon.One of the main themes in Kentucky Route Zero is that of being too late, or to some extent not in phase with the present. It takes its form in the use of old electronic equipment, stepping into abandoned industrial sites, handling bureaucracy and lost love, and visiting museums. It is also reflected in the general gameplay, which is mostly the point-and-click style of old adventure games. The strongest example of this theme is shown in the Lower Depths bar in the most powerful scene in Act III of the game. That scene may actually be the most powerful one I have ever experienced in a computer game. The magic of that scene must be experienced in the game; it cannot possibly be described by me in words.The atmospere in the game fits the story perfectly, both with its, somewhat angular, visual appearance and its almost perfect music score. The changes in the mood and the tone are often subtle but efficient. The writing is excellent, and the way that the character controlled by the player changes over time opens up for good variations in the way the story plays out. However, the last aspect of course also opens up for some confusion along the line.Is the game perfect? No, but I think it is very good.Is the experience perfect? No, but I really like it.I am looking forward to the final two acts of the drama."
,Recommended,231200,21824273,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,usurp,"This game is an incredible experience.I feel like it's a shame to not recommend this game purely because the fact that it's 'incomplete'. (Seems like a bit of an unfair complaint to me as THIS IS AN EPISODIC GAME.)Please don't get put off by this complaint - as it stands,this game is already great and well worth a purchase.If you are anxious to explore the world of the game a bit more, the developers have released a couple of small in-between .exe's which expand on the universe somewhat. I have a lot of faith in Jake and Tamas and can't wait for the conclusion of this journey."
,Recommended,231200,25692477,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Azriel,"One of the most beautiful and sad games I've ever played. Perfectly crafted. Act IV, while released after some delay, is the furthest from disappointment that I could hope for, especially as it's to be played twice (it seems). Easily in the top five games I've played."
,Recommended,231200,25788177,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Demonseed Elite,"Wow, better late than never.  A truely epic game, and well worth the money and the wait.  They can take as long as they like for the last act, providing I get to play it before I die.  :)"
,Recommended,231200,29475163,Posted: 24 January,all,andromeda,"A breath of fresh air. I don't know why, but this game made me feel like I was being slowly immersed in warm water. The geometric design makes everything abstract, and it has that dreamy, vague narrative that reminds me of a future style David Lynch-esque film. The gameplay is simple, but I suppose that's necessary to surround you with mesmerizing visuals and a stunning soundtrack."
,Recommended,231200,30289143,Posted: 2 March,all,brnsstnk,"For the first chapter of this game I was thinking 'wow, this is Southern Gothic like I've never seen in a game before.' I loved its aesthetic, the sound design, the little hints of Lynchian weird, but I was blown away by what it becomes. This is a slow-paced game which oozes with atmosphere and you should stroll through it. There are almost no puzzles, just a linear path you can deviate from slightly and often discover little side stories which put a smile on my face. There are dialogue choices throughout pertaining to past and present, and whether or not they have real impact on the game, KRZ really succeeds at making you FEEL like they do. With each chapter it becomes something entirely new, expanding way beyond its initial setting into some seriously bizarre and utterly original locations, and tackles some profound themes with emotional depth.In later chapters you will take control of other characters, at times choosing one leg of the journey and forfeiting another, and it's a testament to stellar writing and sound design that character models with no real facial features can be so emotionally evocative. The sentimental scenes don't feal overwrought, the political scenes don't feal preachy, and the meta-narrative doesn't get pretentious. The storytelling here is up there with the best of adventure games and I can't wait for the final chapter.TL;DRSlow-paced, story-rich with dialogue choices and minimal gameplay mechanics. Well worth your money if you want a slow ride through Gothic Americana with added interdimensional trips, socio-economic critique, stunning music and sound design, and characters you'll fall in love with"
,Not Recommended,231200,8891950,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,W¿sekrakr,"I've just played both acts and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised by the creativity that lives in this game. It is not a classic point and click adventure. It is more like reading a book, but living in it. You are thrown into a story, but also you'll have to make you own story aswell.The mysterious and sometimes paranoid feelings this game brings up is very well done. That and the gorgeous graphics will make this game a ""must own"" for all adventure fans, but also for people who want to celebrate creativity and good storytelling.Not all acts are out still, but the first two acts left me wanting for more.(2 years later)The game is not finished yet. 6 months ago the devs told the public that Act 4 was almost done, but 6 months later, there is still nothing. Although I really liked playing the first 3 acts, this way of releasing your game (over the course of three and more years) is just ridiculous.Spend your money on something you want to play now! Not on something that might be done in the far future."
,Recommended,231200,20411268,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ax2Grind93,When's Act IV coming out?
76561198041138418,Recommended,231200,9415142,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MMDepatie,Makes Kentucky seem really great.
76561197987103887,Recommended,231200,10976662,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,<qq> pew pew,Wtf is this game?
,Recommended,231200,12208327,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gemmellhoopla,"The story and the art direction excell this game. The choices you make won't change the outcome of the story but instead decide who the characters are, or at least who you want them to be. If you like the art you see from the trailers and pictures and you like point and click games I recommend this.p.s. there isn't many puzzles like in other point and clicks, this game is all about the ride"
76561198009621054,Recommended,231200,12211254,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,💩 John Crichton 💩,"5w333337,wh47 d0 y0u w4n7 m3 70 54y?h0w 4b0u7 .... 1 w15h 7h3 n36471v3 r3v13w5 w3r3 n07 p3rc31v3d 45 7h3 ""m057 h3lpful"" b3c4u53 7h3y 4r3 5ur3ly n07 h3lpful.wh47 4b0u7 v1d30 64m35 45 4r7! d1d y0u 3nj0y fl0w?  0r fl0w3r by 7h4764m3c0mp4ny? 7h3n d1d y0u w47ch 45 7h3 w0rld 0r645m3d 0v3r j0urn3y?7h15, 1f 4ny7h1n6, 15 v1d30 64m3 45 4r7."
76561197998376903,Recommended,231200,12212393,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,wombatidae,"Lovely game, it's surreality and hauntedness is of the quiet, calm, peaceful sort with a bit of bittersweet curled up inside it.It really is more of a story than a game which mostly works, but there are just enough alternate responses that will make you curious about how things could have gone that are just far enough in that they'd be difficult to revist, so it's mixed. Still, mostly works.Do explore. Most of the extra locations are just color, but they add to the not-quite-a-dream feel."
,Recommended,231200,12208454,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Orlog,"Where do I even begin with this game? It's pretty bizzare on just about /every/ level. But, it's also atmospheric as ♥♥♥♥, beautiful to look at, has an amazing and unique soundtrack, and is just generally fun to play and figure out what the hell is going on. This one easily goes on my list of favorite point and click adventures."
76561198024587790,Recommended,231200,12235206,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The War Maiden,"Truly it was magic when Junebug sang, the sadness of Conway and his future filled with any and all but the peace he desires most, Shannon is filled with uncertainty as to her future, perhaps without Conway. Ezra longs for the family he has lost and Jonny and Junebug just want to be their own kind of human.You must play this, to live what they live, to see, hear, feel, and experience what they have is something never to be forgotten.10/10"
,Recommended,231200,12205587,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,nikomay,"I am so in love with Kentucky Route Zero.  What a beautiful, wonderful thing."
,Recommended,231200,12241756,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,chaos dunk theory,"Have you ever driven down a completely dark stretch of highway in the middle of the night?  The entire world seems to shrink to exactly the size of your headlights illuminating the road.  The nighttime is almost another country, one where it seems anything can happen.Kentucky Route Zero takes this idea and runs with it.  It evokes a sense of magical realism that permeates the game, and coupled with a fantastic, slightly-pixellated-but-not-really art style that reminds me of Sword & Sworcery, launching the game is an immersive experience, one that doesn't let up until the act is over.You play as Conway, a deliveryman working for an antique company trying to find an address.  As you might imagine, getting there isn't easy, and according to several of the characters around it requires travel on the Zero, a conceptual highway.  The destination doesn't really matter in KRZ, though; as ever, it's the journey that's truly breathtaking.Between story beats you can (and I wholeheartedly recommend) just drive around the little bit of Kentucky and explore all of the different sights, abandoned buildings with weird little encounters in them.  These are where the game truly shines, the little vignettes that occur largely through text as you explore different areas.  I wouldn't want to spoil any of them, but let me just say that they're not to be missed.  Every time I finished one I felt this kind of Zen serenity, like I had just read a koan.  Finishing an act is even more overwhelming, usually with something utterly fantastic happening, and I just had to sit for a good five to ten minutes sorting through it in my head.I recommend Kentucky Route Zero, but only if you like a slow-paced, introspective, slightly weird experience,"
76561198083221958,Recommended,231200,12197803,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,mossytoes,"The sanctity of the road must be respected. This is hallowed ground, gently and lovingly surveyed. To press too far, to not accept things simply as they are--that is the only sin in this place. Do not ride this road to defeat foes or triumph over evil. But ride it nonetheless, because the path is still unfolding..."
,Recommended,231200,12211161,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SirRobot,An excellent addition to any point and click adventure fan's library. The bluegrass music fits well with the minimalistic graphics. Definetly check this one out!
,Recommended,231200,12212510,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Awdayshus,"This is an amazing atmospheric exploration game with an intriguing story and a cliched, one-sentence review."
,Recommended,231200,14905960,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Nigel,Bears. Offices. Perfect
,Recommended,231200,11067133,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jennorocks,"Absoultely the most unique and interesting game I've ever played, - weird, beautiful, eerie and engrossing. The way the game mixes its story telling and perspective is really unusual and something only a game can do. You start playing as a character and get used to that being 'you' then later shift to playing other characters interacting with 'yourself'. Other examples incude playing as characters describing in the past tense what your characters have done and playing everything through a game within the game! Its hard to explain but works incredibly well. Love that its giving me a Twin Peaks vibe and cannot wait for the last 2 episodes."
76561198099941032,Recommended,231200,33383433,Posted: 8 July,all,heidivanderlee,"I loved this so much. I lost myself in it completely and I can't wait for another one - I guess I have to, but it'll be well worth it."
,Recommended,231200,32243395,Posted: 7 June,all,think i got a beat,"++Great soundtrack! I still listen to it time to time, needed to say."
,Recommended,231200,1364886,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Mithaldu,"Just lovely. A keen sense of art style, an effortlessly quirky writing style and an immersive and relaxing ambience. It feels a lot like reading a good book on a lazy afternoon, or a soft and quiet night."
,Recommended,231200,29238845,Posted: 13 January,all,Sternyx,"Yes I would recommend this... game? No, I would rather call it a visual fiction, but very peaceful and beautiful. The pace is slow at the beginning, but it gets faster and faster and in the last act I could really see the potential of the ending. Love the music and graphics!I did not expect an ""exciting"" gameplay when I bought this game so maybe that is why this game does not disappoint me."
76561197987303040,Recommended,231200,14954861,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Luis,O.O
,Recommended,231200,28316819,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,=IBF2= Flan,LOVE IT! LOVE IT!Worth waiting for
,Recommended,231200,28214364,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,calebv123,"KRZ is surreal, poignant, nostalgic, and philosophical without being heavy-handed or pretentious about it. Its characters and world feel as lived-in as people and places from a quiet back-country-Americana town, surrounded by endless stretches of humid wilderness, should feel. The poetic nature of the game's writing, the way it ebbs and flows between the here-and-now, and the fading memories and dreams of the characters' past, their interior thoughts and feelings and being which you subtly shape through dialogue choices, all of it makes something as esoteric as the musings of a retired university researcher on the metaphysical features of computer software and simulated intelligence influenced by the growth of black mold sound completely natural to this world, and completely human. Every character is as complex and changing and permanent as any real person, and while they do a lot of talking (which means you do a lot of reading), we are only ever shown how these people think and feel by the way the remember things, describe experiences, and interact with each other, much like we learn in real life.A lot of time and love obviously went into the evocative quality of the writing, visual, and sound design of KRZ. It is dream-like, it is melancholy, it is hopeful, and vague, and raw, much like reading a poem you don't fully understand yet completely feel, or thinking back on a dream or a memory that you don't remember the details of, but the emotions still linger with you.Play KRZ if you are willing to sit back, to read, and to take it slow."
76561198028857104,Recommended,231200,8549556,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ppg20,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,231200,1045206,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,wolfibolfi,Strange. But great.
,Recommended,231200,8267358,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LevityElk,#5 Game of 2013
76561198022004941,Recommended,231200,8156709,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dr. Otto Scratchansniff,Best novel that you'll ever play.
,Recommended,231200,7957923,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,twitch.tv/ickonline,gorgeous
,Recommended,231200,25825285,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RustedLife,A wonderful and bizarre adventure game that uses a modern Southern United States as a backdrop. Definitely worth time and money.
76561197980971062,Not Recommended,231200,23955050,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Big Boss Nass,"I had heard such good things about this game so that made me even more disappointed when I finally played it. There seems to be a fanatic cult following for it but I don't understand why. It is not a very good game. It started out really cool and interesting... BUT then it quickly became a bore. The nuance dies out pretty quickly in this game and before you know it, it just becomes a chore to go anywhere. You play as one of the slowest moving characters of any game ever, which wouldn't be such a bad thing if there were actually cool things to look at, but unfortunately, you get sick of the stark boring environments pretty quickly. They could have made this game so much more. It is just too bad it turned out the way it did. Do NOT buy this game at $24.99, a total rip off. I wouldn't buy this game for anything more than $8.00 (actually I wouldn't but this game at all). It simply isn't worth the asking price. It just ends up a boring game."
76561197996272062,Not Recommended,231200,22522190,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Basiden,"We will likely colonize Mars before this game gets close to complete. It's been 5 months since the developers said Act 4 was ""almost done"" and almost two years since the last act was released. I get that they're a tiny studio, but this game is dead in the water, and I really regret spending money on it."
76561198036562544,Not Recommended,231200,8257731,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Meryl Gear Solid,"I bought this game on sale ages ago and it lasted me two hours. It clearly states in the description ""The remaining three acts will be released over the coming year"". This is clearly not the case since there hasn't even been an update on episode 3, do not give these scam artists your money and spend it on a better game. Do not waste £20 on a two hour games which probably won't even be finished. As soon as the year is over i will be requesting a refund over false advertisment of this horrible excuse for a game."
76561197997036409,Not Recommended,231200,22102939,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gunzberg,"One of the most boring, pretentious and pointless ""games"" I have played in over 20 years of gaming. Extremely slow, dull, plodding with no valid content or point. Drags forever, has nothing to say and is a typical highly overrated arty-farty turd.It has some nice songs, which you can listen to on Youtube but for the love of life, save your money, time and sanity and stay away from this pile of hipster dung."
,Not Recommended,231200,25992854,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,mackilicious,"Not really any gameplay. Just a lot of clicking and backtracking. Looks great though. It has a Twin Peaks kinda vibe. But it gets very tedious very quickly. Would be nice if there were some puzzles to solve or something, but nothing you do seems to make any difference."
76561198085183892,Not Recommended,231200,8586368,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PabroEscobrah,"Wow, I am most surprised at the poor quality of this game.  The idea is there, spooky story telling, smooth animations, and beautiful art, but every ten minutes or so, one of the game's files would run into a fatal error and crash, forcing me to restart my computer.  The game is (at the moment) seperated into two acts with five scenes in each one, there is no saving, if you quit while playing you must restart at the beginning of the scene, so when that fatal error that I was talking about happens, all of your progress in the scene is lost which is very frustrating.  However it's not THAT big of a negative because the scenes only takearound five minutes to complete leading to a combined playtime of about one hour.  Now in my opinion a game plagued with a fatal bug, that is unable to save, and last about an hour... really isn't worth 25 dollars!  This game feels like a free flash game, in fact I am surprised it isn't.  You may notice that when purchasing you are buying the season's pass,  that is because there are three more acts planned to be released... and... oh wait... they were supposed to release Act III eight months ago and they haven't even explaned why the delay.  The developers are flat out gready and unreliable producing one of the most overpriced indie games I have seen on Steam.  I bought Kentucky Route Zero for the story, and yes they nailed the spooky atmosphere, but it really throws you into the middle of something without knowing what the heck is going on.  I have noticed many untied mysteries that are making the game (that I was expecting to be very good and profesional) more and more disapointing.  On the bright side when you are actually playing and not crashing, you can be sure to enjoy excellent sound design, and smoooth animations and art.  Unfortunately that is more or less the only thing you CAN enjoy.  For a free flash game that isn't plagued with a bug I give it 9/10.  For a $25 scam of a game I give it 2.5/10."
,Not Recommended,231200,8623535,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kampy*,"This game looks awesome. The graphics are so original, but then the gameplay just sucks and it's no fun at all. It's super confusing and seems to have no comprehensable story. The worst thing is that it plays like an old MS-DOS text-adventure you just listen to completely randomly seeming dialogs (in text form) and you can decide answers but you cant really make out if these answers have any effect or meaning. To me it got so boring after not even an hour of playing that I decided to delete the game. It's just reading endless texts which seem rather pointless and random and you feel like oh please can I move and do something, but when you can do something it's just moving around a bit if you're lucky. Don't buy it unless you love reading pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198039944358,Not Recommended,231200,13837074,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Monstergrinder,"This is a complete waste of time.  It started out interesting and seemed to be promising, but by Act 2 I was bored.  And the characters move soo slowly.  By Act 3 I was just clicking through dialogue just trying to get to the end of the story.  I quit when at one point (ironically) there is a computer in the game story simulating an old text game like zork.  So here I am clicking through a crappy text game inside a crappy game.  That's when I quit."
76561198018959773,Not Recommended,231200,22026216,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,homeros,I've finished all the episodes that were released but at this point I can't remember when I purchased or played them (feels like it's 1 or 2 years). I can't even remember the story (vaguely recall the main character) and won't bother playing if remaining episodes come out (which probably won't).
76561197963453735,Not Recommended,231200,33130936,Posted: 2 July,all,Monarch{ASH},"I really wanted to like Kentucky Route Zero, but after slogging my way through acts one and most of two, I got fed up with one major thing - the story!SO KOOKY! Did I mention its kooky? OUTRAGEOUSLY OFF THE WALL KOOKINESS! Look! Choices that are poems. POEMS! MY GOD. Will the kookiness never end? Seriously though, I found the story to be lackluster and not compelling in any way. I found myself questioning why I was doing literally every action in the first two acts. Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing tv, lady? Seriously?I felt at times like I had fallen into a art school rip-off of a David Lynch movie, but with fewer rabbits.For a game that is story driven, you would think it would have... well, a BETTER STORY. I'm not sure if I'll finish it, but I'll probably give it the benefit of the doubt and try and wade through the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,231200,23544114,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Draugart,"Don't buy until all five chapters are available.Even then, they should be wizards to untangle all the weirdness there is going on during first three acts, but, from my experience with the game, I can't say they are."
,Not Recommended,231200,16517352,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Saint Satan,Unfinished years later.
,Recommended,231200,19666122,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Turbulent Juice,"Oh my god.I want to say first off that I really don't like walking simulators...and this game is that.  However...I haven't had a game really tug at my heartstrings quite like this.You see, I'm a big fan of Americana, and ""old timey"" American culture and nostalgia.  It's part of my thing as a fan of history.  I first got into this game by the sunset over Equis Oil, months ago.  My first exposure to this game was some article on Rock Paper Shotgun.  I had it on my Wishlist for awhile.  THen I finally get it, and I finally play it.  Wow!  There's just a lot about the game that works for me on a lot of levels.  The atmosphere, the setting, the music and the narrative really do a number on me when I generally stay far away from this genre.Yeah...I think this game isn't for everyone, but for me the factors were right for me to love this game.  I'd give it a try for the atmosphere if you're someone like me."
,Not Recommended,231200,16576146,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Estranged2,"Pros:- Beautiful stylized artstyle- Surreal atmosphereCons:- Boring, non-existent story- Boring, non-existent gameplayBottom line:Regrettable purchase."
,Recommended,231200,20413707,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[KGB] Widda_K,Maybe after a while we get used to the dark.10/10 would do more thinking than playing again.
,Not Recommended,231200,19029788,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,BattleCat,"KRZ has all the promise of a great game, it just needs to be finished. Perhaps this should really be classified as Early Access, as it's not finished and you can't buy each episode separately? It's been a long time since the last episode was released with no word of when the next one is coming (if it still is).The game (or at least what has been finished thus far) is great. It's stylish and intriguing. It's not action packed, but that's not a bad thing either.If it were a finished game, I'd have no problem recommending it. For now, unless you're made of money or don't mind an unfinished story I can't recommend KRZ."
,Not Recommended,231200,18899977,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Haze,"after 2 whole years, episodes 4 and 5 still haven't been released.they took the money and ran.indie games!"
76561198053979503,Not Recommended,231200,14069439,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mr. Hoover,"I don't really get point and click games.  I'm 29 and I played a few when I was a kid and enjoyed them.  I tried this game a couple times and can't make it past 30 minutes without getting bored.  I just don't get the story, there is no point.  Maybe there is but it's too slow and boring to get to it.Obviously others disagree and I respect that.  If you're used to normal skill games, FPS and RPG and what not, this is probably not for you."
,Recommended,231200,24140532,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,geekybearlv,"I had to play this game for a class assignment, was pleased to learn it was a fantastic game with a thought provoking story and characters I grew to love. The third act has to be my favorite because of the scene that takes place in the bar. I can't wait to play the next act.  Thank you."
76561198204524528,Not Recommended,231200,20489814,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,yesimjen,"Finished the first three acts awhile ago.To summarize my experience of these three acts, I would like to quote ""Towelie"" from the South Park animated series.""I have no idea what's going on right now."""
,Not Recommended,231200,18117335,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dellakit,"Odd and the story are  not that interesting....it's very original, but I was never hooked. It sometimes seems to be trying too hard to be different. The music and concept is amazing."
,Recommended,231200,10989977,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Trent,this game dumb as hell. if i wanted to read a god damn book id go to the barnes and nobles. later
76561198080252913,Recommended,231200,16647626,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Grinning_Porcelain,"Stunning graphics, slow paced storyline I'm more than happy to wait for, making me memories I don't mind keeping. Thanks guys, if only people like you had a little extra time on this rock to make ours that touch more worthwhile."
,Recommended,231200,22243641,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sonja,"Hi there! I absolutely adore KR0, and I want to lend any of you that are on the fence some clarity on things people are saying, some advice, and lastly, my thoughts.1. Acts Taking A Long Time To Put Out - Yes, this is a thing that's happening, and we all really hate waiting. However, KR0 is detailed, complex, and very thorough, so I'd imagine it would take a very long time to produce something of its caliber. As well, Cardboard Computer supplies fans with material proving they're working hard on their Twitter, so follow them if you want to stay hyped.2. Pacing Within Episodes - I'm a really impatient person. That's just who I am. So, when I first played through, there were days when KR0 got on my nerves for being so wordy. What did I do? I closed the game, played something else, and then when I felt more patient and peaceful, I opened it back up and really enjoyed a complete, immersive experience.3. Things I Like - The music is pretty darn great. Three thumbs up out of two. Writing, of course, is poetic and enchanting. Atmosphere blends emotional response with underlying calmness. Characters are lovable as all heck. (Extra: Their names are all quite memorable, which makes things really nice and easy.) Art direction and emotion-based scenery choices are all really tasteful for the kind of story the game is telling.4. Things I Dislike - I have a natural distaste for point-and-click games. My index finger gets tired, the sound of the clicking gets on my nerves, and it just results in me not being able to play. However, the controller integration is complete, purposeful, and well done, which made *all* the difference.All in all, if you need an atmosphere to hang out in, or if you need escape, enchantment, enlightening, Equus Oils, orgiant eagles, then I'd suggest giving this game a look. Get ready to be swept away."
,Recommended,231200,18712931,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,TheRastaSmurf,"This game is amazing. The atmosphere is brilliantly fleshed out, the story is deep and intruiging, the art is beautiful and the sound design is superb. It's hard to explain exactly why all these things are so great, esepecially about the story and characters. I highly reccomend playing this game, but it is still unfinished. While I think the game is worth $25 in the state it's in (3 out of 5 acts are released) because the experience is so great, some may not want to pay that much for an unfinished game."
76561198068050546,Recommended,231200,18443897,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DoublethinkAgain,"I'd seen stuff about this game over and over and decided on a free evening to download it and play it.  I sat down alone in my apartment, plugged in some headphones, and started.  That was the beginning of one of the more beautiful adventures I've been on.This game isn't like most games.  It's gameplay entails nothing more than clicking and moving your character(s).  You are a truck driver making his last delivery, with nothing but your dog by your side, and the sounds of the road to accompany you.  The people you meet are each unique, some are nice, some are mysterious, but each has their own personality.  The few hours I spent in this game had me confused, mystified, and uneasy at points.  But I felt a sensation of calm throughout.  Only 3 of the 5 acts are out so far, so I can't speak for how the story has or will change me.  But even if the story ends up disappointing in the end, the real reason to get this game is for the journey.  To drive around Kentucky on a late afternoon and watch the sunset fall, to listen to the cars driving by the highway, to stop in a diner and talk to the waitress, to listen to the sounds of bluegrass bands play soothing and thoughtful music.  And most of all, to explore and experience this myterious world.  This game is a work of art, through and through.I'd highly recommend this game.  It's not a life changing experience, it's not the best game you'll ever play.  Hell, maybe you'll only play it once and never touch it again.  But sit yourself down with headphones for an evening, with a hot cup of tea or coffee, and just experience the calming adventure of Kentucky Route Zero.  There are few people who will be able to tell me it wasn't money well spent just for a beautiful experience."
76561198254818403,Recommended,231200,30926775,Posted: 3 April,all,dallas4life1,iz good
76561198088744906,Recommended,231200,19002364,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Oskar Stine,"this game is short AF, and episode 4 and 5 seem like they will never EVER come (they will be here eventualy tho, check the dev's twitter) it is one of the best games I have ever played, play this immedietly, or wait until all the episodes are released and play it then, either way, you need to play this at some point"
,Recommended,231200,19347371,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,right proper lad,Amazing soundtrack and atmospher.
,Recommended,231200,28698793,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zedarkoor,"Visually stunning and great soundtrack, even very in-depth storyline. I felt though there was just waaaay too much reading material in many parts that had no context to storyline, especially in Act 4.  I was really intrigued by the story up untill Act 4 where I felt like I couldnt click quick enough to get through some uninteresting dialogue.  Really great if you want to try something different but not a quick game."
76561198025181849,Recommended,231200,17150734,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,JimJams'JimJamboree,"Just... wow. This is one hell of a story. If you are a reader, and by that I mean a reader of novels or tales, you need to play this."
,Recommended,231200,17278624,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Cheepee,This game made me feel things that i had never felt before. It's well written with a calm and maybe spooky atmosphere plus the design of the game is freaking gorgeous. The soundtrack is beautiful with it being kind of ominous with some folk added in to make it feel like your really in the middle of nowhere.
,Recommended,231200,17509455,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RPM_Destroyer,"I bought this game when all 3 acts had already been released. It's unlike anything I've ever played. I found I would get drawn right in even from the basic text descriptions, ambient sounds, etc, of places. I am disappointed of so little comments from the developer about a plan for the next acts, I saw recently on their twitter account they said that act 4 is in development, game hasn't been abandoned, but there's no info either as to when we can expect more of this."
76561198004068349,Recommended,231200,19379341,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,oak606,"What a unique and beautiful game. While it's frustrating waiting for episode 4 I have complete faith the developers will release it sometime soon and it will be just as amazing as the first 3 episodes have been, just try to be patient. The art style and a few of the scenes in the game just blew me away, I don't think you'll have experienced anything quite like it so definitely give this a try."
,Recommended,231200,16474160,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Faceless,Best narrative in a game I've ever played.
,Recommended,231200,17513023,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Breadfish,"So this is an interesting one...Kentucky Route Zero is a very abstract, chilling, beautiful, well written, brilliant, emotional, confusing, mesmerizing journey. I wouldn't try to describe the story for two reasons:1. Story is affected by your choices2. It is open to interpretationI have seen this game described as lynch-esque. A statement I will have to agree with. I wouldn't be surprised to find out ""Lost Highway"" has been an inspiration to this game. This is actually more than just a game... It is an experience. Definitely, not for everyone. But if you are looking for one of the most absolutely stunning and breathtaking experinces you can get, get it right away. If you are looking for ""action"" or some mindblowing mechanics, you would probably want to stay away. But if you care for the story, and decide to dive into it, I can promise you, that playing this on my bed at 3 am, in a dark room, is just an experience I can hardly even begin to describe. Some scenes in particular are just beyond breathtaking... they are an experience on their own. Art wise and direction wise, the way the developers chose to emphasize certain things and dialogs, the way the story unfolds in different ways, to me, is not short of brilliant.It plays out in a unique way, which, to me, reminded me of fever dreams I had. When your forehead is boiling at 38 degrees, and you stay at home, sleeping, in a doozy state, as your mind drifts apart, floating in abstract, unclear settings...It is majestic, nostalgic, chilling, mesmerizing, breathtaking, and probably worth your time.The only thing that keeps it from being featured on my Steam profile is the fact that it's not fully released yet, as 2 more chapters are slowly making their way into the game. But I can with a full heart say that at its current state, it is worth it - or at the very least feels worth it, for me."
76561197990765964,Recommended,231200,19449426,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,IntroversioN,"Kentucky Route Zero is not about solving puzzles or having great reflexes. It's not even about making moral choices. This game is about discovering a deep, immersive and cohesive world. It's about meeting and understanding creative characters in gorgeous places, with flawless sound design. It feels like a dream, a fascinating dream to explore and wonder about.KRZ doesn't require precision or reflection, it only asks for your attention.Give it a try alone at night, with a hot beverage and headphones..."
76561198087848107,Recommended,231200,17244453,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mandercorn,"This ""game"" is more like a newfangled style of narrative. While the game itself doesn't broker many skills nor choices, the creators do a masterful job of generating isolated moments of awe, just like a good story does—moments where I find myself simply staring at the screen and savoring the sounds, music, or stylized graphics. Creative, interesting, and always straddling some invisible line between creepy and sublime."
76561198078991704,Recommended,231200,21632875,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,daedalus687,"Understand this first...Kentucky Route Zero is one of the most thrilling games to grace our consciousness. Act I and Act II give a taste... where Act III ups the ante. The series tantalates a true notion of gravitas. We are left in awe of a promise that I would not dare to follow. And here is were the ""season pass"" fails us. To promise a game with no transparency to its progress...lets all give a game the 'benefit of the doubt'. I truely hope this game breaks my now hightened expectiations of a game I payed for to deliver. What a burden to place on the makers. In a hopeful stance, I think this game will actually envigorate and push the envelope to a degree not seen. All that said, I think independents will think twice committing to a massive flow of 'pre-committment'  money before going forward."
76561197967668421,Recommended,231200,21895403,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Feanor,"You've got to walkThat lonesome valleyYou've got to walk it by yourselfThere's no one hereThat can go there with youYou've got to walk it by yourself...Let me get it out of the way that this is a very straightforward adventure game, to the point that I would call it an interactive story, rather than an adventure game.  It is still phenomenal and should not be missed.The Great Recession, from which Boomers and Millenials still bear scars, sets the stage for Kentucky Route Zero.  Conway is a lone truck driver with nothing to his name but his aging dog, working one last delivery for an antique shop.  The delivery goes to an address he cannot find, which requires finding the enigmatic highway, Kentucky Route Zero, which is the only highway that goes *under* the state.  On the way he meets Shannon, a woman whose family has been ruined by the local coal mine closing down.  Together they find the highway.  And well, things get strange.Basic polygonal artwork is used to an incredible effect, combining fog, lighting and basic visual effects to create a dark, gloomy depiction of the deep south.  Music is miniumal and atmospheric, until bluegrass singers add to the mood at perfect moments.  There are no voices other than the singing, and dialog is entirely text based, telling a story combining fantastical Americana with crushing tales of the American Nightmare historical and modern.  A majority of the adult characters are crushed by debt and financial troubles, a recurring theme.The story is five chapters, only three are available and the fourth is now being teased.  The team is only an indie studio of two, and this deserves support.  It is not long, and each chapter will leave you wanting more.  Buy this, turn the lights low, enjoy the journey and think about your life while you do it."
,Recommended,231200,11058375,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,celeste_ar,A gorgeous surrealist neo noir adventure in the spirit of David Lynch
,Recommended,231200,10943431,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cafe con leche,quiet ;O
,Recommended,231200,12652038,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,elfpvke,"This game makes me want to go visit the Mammoth Cave area sometime just on the off chance some of these places will actually be there.  Great story, gameplay, soundtrack, and plenty of obscure references to early adventure games thrown in.Part 3 was worth the wait and I am sure Part 4 will be as well.  Cardboard Computer has some freeware games on their site that are tied into the series while you're waiting."
76561198087369356,Recommended,231200,23786249,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DuaneDibbleySMEG,"Really love this game. It's so simple, yet complex. The story just seems to grab you and pull you in. Can see why people are annoyed about lack of urgency from the developers, but there could be a multitude of reasons fo this. They are a small company (only producing one game so far, I believe) and this game is art, which shouldn't be rushed. So, give it a go and try not to get lost."
,Recommended,231200,16967405,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mbpoblet,"More art than a game, but... WHERE ARE THE NEXT CHAPTERS!? *PLEASE*!??"
,Recommended,231200,18313461,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Duenna Sooth,"This is the kind of game you play where everything is so atmospheric, so ethereal and so surreal that when you return to your regular life, you can sort of see the comfort and magic in the simplest things.At least that's how I sold Greg on this game, now he won't stop blathering about it and he won't get off my PC.SOME OF US HAVE EMAILS TO WRITE GREGARE YOU LISTENING GREG"
,Recommended,231200,699056,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Ziggy,Just...Great.
,Recommended,231200,10067114,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,contentwh0re,"weird, haven't played in a while, but when I got it there was only 1 episode and took forever to release 2nd. Not sure where they're at now, but... if they're all done, it might be a fluid play-through."
76561197964489054,Recommended,231200,28415850,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kodiak,This game is more of a story than a game.  It would be best described as art.  As far as that goes it is excellent.  As for a game it reminds me more of the old time games from the 90s where you interacted with the backround to progress.
,Recommended,231200,28185808,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,bilsantu,I think one of the developers went through a coma experience and tried to replicate it as good as possible with this game.
76561197968344600,Recommended,231200,7983766,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,lemon8,Absolutely brilliant!
,Recommended,231200,230119,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,"poop, not blood",This a damn good game.
,Recommended,231200,12824412,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,T4l0n,amazing atmosphere
76561198056154951,Recommended,231200,29513664,Posted: 26 January,all,lagrangian28,This game speaks to my soul.
76561198109991336,Recommended,231200,25805066,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,maximelesage,"Whaowwww - fantastic story. Graphics are in line with the atmosphere of the game.Lovers of non-sense movies, books  should really give it a try.Reminds me how lost I was when I watched Naked Lunch.Good stuff"
76561198025448561,Not Recommended,231200,24018616,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Watkins Sleuth,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!I bought Kentucky Route Zero over a year ago upon hearing that the game will be soon finishing act IV of its V act series of episodic content soon....One year later and they are still making that very same promise.I have not intended to even play this game until it was fully finished, but I bought it during a steam sale thinking that it would be done soon.  That was my mistake, don't make the same one yourself.How does the game play?  No clue, as I said I wanted the FULL EXPERENCE before starting on it.  Because it doesn't matter how good the game is, how well thought out the story is, or how well designed it all is... if it is never finished.  It would be like watching the first two lord of the rings movies and never getting to watch the third movie.  And since they originally promised to have this game finished at the end of 2013.  Well you can do the math.Buy this game if you believe in the lottery.  Because that is what this feels like, buying a lottery ticket and waiting week after week for your number to come up.  Your mind will tell you that it has to eventually right?  That there is only a set amount of actual numbers available in the set and your will have to come up sometime right?  That with enough time and patience you will finally win that jackpot!The fact is it will never happen.   The truth is they already have your money and all they have to do is keep spinning you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to keep you waiting and waiting while they do nothing.  All the while taking money from more and more people who walk in and see everyone else waiting with baited breath for their number to arrive.And to those hopefuls that go check to see if act IV is done and learn that sometime after I've posted this review it has been finished... remember that they took years to finish that fouth act... how long do you think they will take to finish the last act exactly?  And then buy your lottery ticket and join the rest of us in waiting.  (I would get a refund if I could but I bought it before that became a feature).Oh and if you think about complaining in the forum; don't.  The loyal hopefuls will shout you down and developers will ignore you.And Yes; I did leave this play for 10 minutes to write this review.  I was that annoyed that they conned me out of my money."
76561198084233228,Not Recommended,231200,29309667,Posted: 16 January,all,alloutofgas,"Click click click.... that's all you do. I read someone question if this game was a glorified flash animation, and I believe that to be pretty accurate. I read a lot of reviews celebrating this game and it's writing, but to be honest, it's extremely boring, and the writing isn't great. It may be better written than Call of Duty, but the story is attempts to manufacture mystery by bewildering the player with almost arbitrary dialog. At no point was I drawn in or dying to play on. The incessant prompts for making pointless choices, none of which I care to choose, have frustrated me to the point I had to stop playing the game. The best aspects of this game is the visual style and the music (atmosphere). I'm literally only still playing it because I paid for it."
76561198024377096,Not Recommended,231200,10093296,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Rob_Drokker,game suckkkkksssss
,Not Recommended,231200,9807568,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Bullborn,"Too weird for me. Its vastly different from most games, but I never connected to the characters. Might be a cultural thing, wouldn't be surprised if it connects better if you're from rural america.Either way, I found it boring despite an interesting art-style and imaginative storytelling."
,Recommended,231200,22405566,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,STuNNin,"I have to agree with some prior reviews, playing this game is like dreaming, it's interesting making so much sense and no sense, so as-a-matter-of-factly that you can't help but continue the story. You craft it and it happpens in the past, present, and future simultaneously. Brilliantly done. I put this down and picked it up to play it WHEN THE TIME SUITED. There is no need to rush through this game at all, in fact it's deliberately fast and slow when it needs to be, but to truely enjoy this game, play it when you feel between things or overwhlemed. It's a calming, intriguing experience. Yeah it has only 3 of the 5 Acts supposedly out, but to be honest, with a game like this, I kind of don't need closure because the experience is in the journey and the state thats achieved with the first 3 Acts. Dreams don't have definitive beginnings or ends, there's really just what you get out of what you did know you experienced, right?Can...wait for the next Acts."
,Recommended,231200,19004793,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,kat3rpillar,It's amazing and beautiful and worth the wait. I paid full price when it was first released. I check back probably every month for an update. But I've grown to like how much time is between the episodes-- it forces you to slowly consider the game instead of blindly just consuming it as fast as you can. Playing this game is like a trip through time.
,Recommended,231200,18946148,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Joiler Veppers,"Tons of story, but is still lacking that excitement needed for it to be a great game. I would still recommend this to people, but with only 3 episodes completed, the game is incomplete."
,Recommended,231200,24504435,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Coleo_Kin,It's Mc♥♥♥♥in good
76561198087616929,Recommended,231200,17624086,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Hadron,This game is great. it isn't finished.the art is beatiful! the story has not been resolved yetthe devs are active on twitter and show snippets of what's in the works! I cant wait to play it.
76561198112316721,Recommended,231200,18359711,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ricombastian,I saw an office full of bears. 9/10
,Recommended,231200,18902648,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Archurro,"Let's get this out of the way: Act IV & V have been delayed for a long time, and it's been almost a year and a half since Act III came out. If Act IV & V come out, it will probably be out in 2016 and maybe even 2017. The developers haven't gone dark - they're still communicative on twitter and their site. If you don't want to play that risk or wait, just avoid this game until all the acts are out.But with that said, even with only 3 episodes out, Kentucky Route Zero is one of the best adventure games ever made. Even if episodes IV & V never come out, I would still be satisfied paying $15(got it on sale) for the three episodes I've played so far."
76561198206770719,Recommended,231200,17608496,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,janeenmp,"This game is much like reading a really excellent novel, but is a much more sensory experience."
,Recommended,231200,224682,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Silvertejp,Nice point-and-click. Every1 should play.
,Recommended,231200,22727829,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,lesarch,Mysterious. Like where's-act-4? mysterious
,Recommended,231200,28274897,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Perci Pie,"Kentucky Route Zero successfully created a complexed yet fascinating atmosphere. To me, this “Game” is more like an experiment for the theme “Art of games”. It has borrowed and saluted lots of great author’s masterpieces like Borges and Marquez, and insofar I’ve already had a vague feeling about the type of philosophy its team had put into, which reminds me the type Nietzsche and Wittgenstein held and suggested, along with lots of classic philosophical problems like “Xanadu” in Chapter Three related to the problem of free will and lots of skeptical arguments. Whereas this game is great even if you play it without any thoughts and just experiencing the story line. It has a strange, mysterious atmosphere provided by the co-operation of its music, gameplay, plotline, characters and the way it chose to present all of it. If you are a fan of literature or occasionally likes to think some serious philosophical problems… this game is your must-buy. If you heard about this game from some lonesome, nerdy and pathetic friend (who happens to be just like me) and just curious about how this game works, then I seriously suggest you go YouTube first and check it out, the gameplay could be tedious for some type of players who likes straightforward style and spend this extra bucks on a game you don’t like couldn’t do you any favor. Even if you found you like it after finished the whole gameplay… It’s OK! Chapter five hasn’t been published and this game is great for play through several times!Summary:10/10 for experienced players who enjoys art, literature or philosophy.7~8/10 for players who curious about stuff I mentioned above2~3/10 for the opposite type of player who I personally think will just reckon this as tedious and boring-as-****.Strongly recommended for the former two types of player to GO BUY IT. You will not regret!"
,Recommended,231200,8381736,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kyonashi,An experience.
76561198039207536,Recommended,231200,25940014,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,shawn.main,"What a shudderingly beautiful game. Surreal, haunting, poetic."
76561198055480445,Recommended,231200,25476167,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,parkerrwyd,Absolutely incredible.
,Recommended,231200,8556832,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The Beard With The Pyro,"Four episodes in, I can't wait for the fifth one. The wait is worth it."
76561198031124156,Not Recommended,231200,12686690,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mig,"This probably is my biggest mistake ever in term of game purchases. I have no idea how something like this has such a high ""pro critic"" score. Or maybe I do.Do yourself a favor and watch 30 minutes of gameplay of this on youtube before buying it."
76561198040766410,Not Recommended,231200,33107351,Posted: 1 July,all,michaelshigame,"The incredibly fast paced nature of the gaming industry means that once you play a game like Breath of the Wild, all other open world games suddenly seem less special. Once you play Half-Life 2, it's harder to go back to the simpler FPSes of old. This happened to me with Kentucky Route Zero. I played this amazing little game called Oxenfree a week before trying this one, and boy was the difference staggering.I know it sucks to put older games on the same standard as new ones, so consider this a retroactive review. If you ask me if I can recommend Kentucky Route Zero today, the anwser would be no.The first problem is that I do not play games to read. If I wanted to read I will read a book. It's easier on my eyes and portable. Games as a medium has the advantage of voice over. You may say that books don't allow you to choose dialogue options. That's a great point, one that I'll address with my second problem with the game.It's a classic problem that I wouldn't even see as an issue if it weren't for Oxenfree. Almost all story driven games have it: that artifical back and forth dialogue between npc and player. You wait for the other character to say their peice, and then you must choose a set of 3 dialogue options to continue. Comparing that to Oxenfree where the player can interrupt other characters with their diaolgue, or even choose not to say anything at all and simply wait for the conversation to naturally end, Kentucky Route Zero feels stiff. A lot of the time it doesn't even matter what you pick, so it would be better if you didn't have to choose between 3 meaningless dialogue options and just give me the most interresting choice, one that reveals the most about a character, like how they do it in a book.Still. If you don't mind or even prefer a traditional text based adventure. I'm sure Kentucky Route Zero is good. I just don't have the resolve to sit through it when I could play Oxenfree again and see what dialogues I've missed.?/10 game not finished"
76561198046420345,Not Recommended,231200,22888818,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DramaQueen,"Artsy, incoherent, half finished.  Can't wait for Nebraska Route Zero."
76561197972289037,Not Recommended,231200,16512783,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,In Loving Memory of Harambe <3,F*k this game.
,Recommended,231200,24437365,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Garmonbozia (Pain and Sorrow),is this the best game? probably
,Recommended,231200,17939076,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"Beautiful and haunting adventure: took me four hours to complete all three acts. Be warned that there's a fair bit of clicking involved: hardly much keyboard use. Not being from Kentucky / Appalachia, if there are any local allusions to life / death / whatnot, I'll have to go look those up: otherwise it seems like there's two stories in this (the protagonist, and the love-triange supporting the mold-computer)."
,Recommended,231200,18430262,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,guyal,"Dripping with well thought out atmosphere, an askew adventure. The episodes come out slowly because its a small team handcrafting everything."
,Recommended,231200,26191258,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Danule,This game is mind blowing.
,Recommended,231200,25467865,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,fat_cap [Rusty Anvil],!
76561198051367649,Not Recommended,231200,8250147,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,KrampusSchmutzli,"I'm not really impressed with this game.  It's more of a comic book/choose your own adventure.... Well I can read actual books, and I can watch actual movies, so this is pretty much a waste of time for me.  Glad I got it on sale or I'd be angry as well as disappointed.  I don't recommend this ""game""."
76561198000237795,Not Recommended,231200,8556361,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,kyvitti84,where the ♥♥♥♥ are the last episodes
,Not Recommended,231200,17683451,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Va3Victis,"This game can't be fully reviewed or honestly recommend until the developers keep their promise and finish the last two episodes. Until then, don't buy it."
76561197991647254,Not Recommended,231200,14328967,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Seb,Not my type of game. You just click and read and do nothing.
76561198157794368,Not Recommended,231200,14332433,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mspinelli479,"Okay it is time to call out all of the pretentious fools out there who are claiming this is a ""masterpiece"".I don't believe any of you.  I fully believe that we are caught in the basic trap where just because something is mysterious and ""Lynchian"", that we fall down all over ourseleves trying to claim how great it is.  JI will give the game credit where it's due.  The graphics are beautiful.  The mood it evokes works for a while until you realize it is all one big ""red herring"".The bottom line is this....the game is boring and is a chore to get through.  I am not one of those people who needs everything spelled out and for everything to be wrapped up nicely.  But there is just no sense to be made of the endless dialouge in this game.  It was clearly written to make you think it is more profound than it really is.  I feel no urgency playing through this.  I feel like my decisions mean nothing.  It is just a long slog to get from one scene to the next.Keep it.  Give me a Telltale Game anyday."
,Recommended,231200,24433182,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ferret,Excellent Game. :)
76561198128469633,Recommended,231200,23309230,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,theedenstate,Emphatic yes.
,Recommended,231200,33531050,Posted: 14 July,all,helloimalion,Literally the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,231200,23870684,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HooksForHands,Tonally immaculate. Hyperbole be damned - this is a singular experience. Eagerly anticipating the next chapters so I can write something more meaningful.
,Not Recommended,231200,12245519,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ftroop21,"Really?What an utter pile of nonsense like people gathering round a monkey painting in the tate modern and expression how spiritual this and that is and use of colour etc.Before anyone tewlls me i shouldnt have bought this game because clearly im not clever enough or deep enough to understand it ,your right but im sure popping some LSD would help ./rant"
,Not Recommended,231200,24457317,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Venomlemon,"You either love it or hate it. I can't but hate it. I know there must be a lot of people who appreciate this type of game and find it appealing from the get go but for me it has been nothing but grinding of teeth from the start. It's a text adventure with an abstract art to support the ""narrative"". If you enjoy poetry, going to modern art exhibitions and overall being ""in and philosophical"" with art world and have deep thoughts of how colour blue might taste like, this might be for you. In that case I also recommend movies like Mulholland Drive and Norwegian Wood. What comes to my personal tastes, these types of products just make me unreasonably angry. Yes I get the meaning behind symbolic meanings and ""art is in beholders eye"" I just don't agree they are good idea to have. Especially when it comes with cost of being a game.I guess it comes down to having so few gameplay elements in it and being more of a interactive fiction. I never enjoyed walls of text, especially when I feel like it's absolutely meaningless what you do in the game and are just in for some weird art exhibition.So far game has had few high points, but not nearly enough to survive past what can be described as computer demo-scene art from 90's./end of rant"
76561197971799417,Not Recommended,231200,9924302,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Cyraga,"A year and a half and no episode three yet overall, with the dev refusing to commit to deadlines to release the rest. Avoid this and cardboard computer overall"
76561198309584936,Not Recommended,231200,24608052,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,etwyford,"Super slow paced. Then they give your character a limp so he walks even slower. Redundant controls. Rambling and repetitive dialogue. Aimless wandering through maps, digging through paperwork and talking with characters that seemingly have no purpose.I put in 2 hours so far and I really wanted to love this game after reading all these rave reviews, but there is really nothing here that draws me in and makes me want to keep going."
,Recommended,231200,23942225,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Coke,wierd art 10/10
76561197970401813,Not Recommended,231200,23331308,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Jon Flatul,I have basically one-and-a-half sentences left to finish my review.It will certainly be aThumbs-Up.
,Recommended,231200,23129533,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,thought this was a kentucky fried chicken simulator
76561198051351603,Not Recommended,231200,28826624,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,J. Doe,"Unfortunately i will have to vote this one down. The locations are very interesting and in-game atmosphere is pretty good, but that's about it. Starts off very promising and could have been a REALLY good adventure game but:- The writing is not great.- There is no story to this game, just atmosphere. Few very generic side stories.- There is no progression, just random ""happenings"".- Nothing in this game makes any sense and nothing is explained.- Dialogue lacks depth, just random and unrelated text most of the time.I'm not sure what the aim of this game was from the point of the developers or writers. It could have been great if there was a story but there is none. You go to random unrelated locations with random unrelated stories within them that are just way too generic to be interesting. Definitely not worth the 10$ on sale, maybe for 2-3$ it would be worth checking the art.To devs: add a story to the next series, something like True Detective, and you will have a winner here. Also, stop smoking  so much weed.*Game may be a lot of fun for people with high consumption of drugs."
76561198113601700,Not Recommended,231200,33464473,Posted: 11 July,all,*****,simply boring
76561197990570513,Recommended,231200,24418241,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Museroom[MO],thumb up sololy for act 4 finally released.
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,231200,12505655,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,hermetico,"NOT RECOMMENDED.Despite it has very original graphics and approach, this is more a text adventure game than anything else.Slow and peaceful playing. Absence of ambiental music and sounds and, when music sounds is just horrible.Story line is somewhat discontinous and disconnected, paradoxical and absurd.Every little conversation has several options for answer. Maybe it changes which Act follows but, I don't feel in the willing of repeat the game more than once to 'enjoy' the several branches of the story."
,Not Recommended,231200,33867834,Posted: 28 July,all,WinZIP,"Ignore the ""Very Positive"" users reviews and 81 Metacritic score! As another member of the what I call ""The Contemporary Artistic Linear Pointless Adventure Genre (CALPAG)"", which artistic concerns suppress the story and the gameplay, this game will fully succeednotto entertain you unless you believe games are ""primarily"" a branch of art and should be treated as such.You will probably play the game around 30 minutes for the sake of the art, maybe another 30 minutes with a low level of curiosity and another 30 minutes without really knowing why and finally end up watching the entire game on YouTube before uninstalling the game forever. The whole story is composed of a linear unsurprising left click effort. Like its predecessors, there are no ""real"" puzzles to solve, no ""material"" options that affect the storyline, no ""intelligent"" actions that have consequences; just pointless clicking through a text which hardly attracts and absorbs the player that is framed-up in the form of artistic concerns. I believe it is time we stand against CALPAG and shout that the King is naked to this increasingly emerging number of time wasting ""mock art"" starting with this particular example."
,Not Recommended,231200,12354428,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Eating ass since 93,"If you like overpriced, unfinished games that get overrated by fanboys. Clicking similators that have little to no gameplay what so ever. Has an insanely pretenious 2deep10me story that doesn't make any sense and is needlessly vauge. And you also wear a fedora. Then this game is without a doubht for you."
76561198055489805,Not Recommended,231200,28241433,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,whistlerwolfe,"What I saw was good, but it seems to have incompatibility issues with AVAST. I couldn't find a quick fix."
,Not Recommended,231200,25586265,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,sc077vv,"I really like this game.  I was instantly enthralled by the story, atmosphere, and visual presentation.  It truly is a piece of art.But at this time I cannot recommend it or support it with a positive review until it's complete.  The wait between acts III, IV and now V has been beyond acceptable. (See: Below)Release Dates Thus Far-Purchased: March of 2013ACT I released on January 7, 2013ACT II released on May 31, 2013 (3 months)ACT III released on May 6, 2014 (1 year)ACT IV released on July 19, 2016 (2 years 2 1/2 months)ACT V yet to be released. (based on the previous trend it should be about 4 years 5 months)Come on guys - finish the story."
76561198049357877,Not Recommended,231200,13084333,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,roelofs1990,game is dumb...
76561197985072083,Not Recommended,231200,29792830,Posted: 8 February,all,ColdPie,"Boring. It's basically a text adventure game with really bad, slow-moving graphics in the background. I got about 3 hours in, halfway through Act 3, before giving up. I was hoping for some breakthrough or clever revelation or something, but at no point did I enjoy the game so far. Three hours of boredom is too much investment no matter the payoff. Skip it."
76561198211443484,Not Recommended,231200,26449810,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,scottdharris85,What the actual ♥♥♥♥?
76561197970979389,Not Recommended,231200,24453677,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,mitbox,"Maybe it's just me, I just couldn't get into this game. It's content was just random nonsense strewn together to me."
76561198053833353,Not Recommended,231200,12419458,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,xxx717,"This is not even a game, this is an interactive movie."
76561198196288855,Not Recommended,231200,25776563,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,wildston,"Meh- Art is kinda cool in a way... some people have said they liked the slow, ""magical"" gameplay... It brings back memories of Myst, except there are acually some people characters in this game. Still, the game feels a little lonely and slow for my taste. I don't feel that there are any real decisions in the game. Even the ""choices"" you can make in the dialog pretty much seem like they will lead to the same end result and/or storyline. The gameplay really just revolves around you moving a charactar back and forth to reveal more of the simple story, or the next peice of the path along this route. It's a little interestng. And also wierd. I'm not sure if I'll play past the first act or not, but I'll be taking a break from it."
,Not Recommended,231200,25546387,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Totouboros,"This game is a huge mess packaged in a nice style.It's like a hipsterish fontdesigner had a stroke, and this stroke got mixed with dementia and written down as the story of this game. It starts storylines, introduces characters and events sometimes randomly and then they abruptly end... or just show up again. Or get mixed with other storylines.The gameplay feels like never reaching an ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it just keeps starting and after a short time ending the stimulation, never letting you reach full satisfaction. After a while of playing it i just feel like i have to reach the end of the story, just for the sake of it. It just doesn't even feel in the slightest pleasurable anymore.Also the dynamic is not so good... the controls.. just don't work very well with the environment. Everything is too slow, it's sometimes hard to get to places because of how the environment of a level is designed, othertimes the angle of the camera is just a huge nuisance, and usually progressing is exhausting because it's just slow and very inefficient. It feels like you have to work so hard to just get an interesting scrap of the whole story.Not even the Joker would like this incoherent Chaos.2/10 for effort i guess."
76561198118496779,Not Recommended,231200,25677544,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,snakejishi,I am waiting for 2025 to play the final act :'O
,Recommended,231200,7834961,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Moonbeam,"A slow paced, relaxing and thought provoking title - KRZ makes you stop and think. There is no rushing, no chasing ahead. I highly recommend this game to those who find too much of their library consists of crazed action. It is good to change pace from time to time."
76561198025160849,Recommended,231200,7836860,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mass Scrat,"Phenominal Art direction and truly enchanting atmosphere make this game such an enjoyable experience. Of course, that being said, it is definitely more of an experience than a game with controls limited to basically point and click with text dialogue selection. However, the text is masterfully crafted and adds immeasurable depth to the unique visuals and haunting atmosphere created in this game. Don't let the title put you off, this game is a one of a kind experience that leaves players pondering their actions not just in the game, but in life as well. The game feels like a waking dream if you let it and before I forget the music and ambiance are one of a kind. Branch out, take a risk, and enjoy this game.CAN""T WAIT FOR THE 3rd Episode : )"
,Recommended,231200,7803239,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,heegrimm,"This game makes me feel this.. special tingle. I only get that feeling when I read a good book of short stories.And the mood? Outstanding. It is so damn ODD. Makes me think of Neil Gaiman's American Gods. I know it's not a short story, but still. Wait, there's a short story with Shadow in Smoke and Mirrors, I think.. Or was it in some anthology? Anyway. Very nice. High five. Fistbump. Asspats and bear hugs. Third floor - Bears.I'm halfway through the second chapter and it's not let me down so far. I will tell you how it was when I'm done."
76561197972543168,Recommended,231200,7804759,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Vän av ordning,"One of the best game experiences I've had in quite a while. The atmosphere in this game is fantastic, with superb adio effects and visuals that trigger ones imagination. Something that further raises the game above the crowd is the way the dialogue choices are used, allowing the player to affect who the player is in a way that very few other games come even close to."
,Recommended,231200,8582744,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Revenant,"An enjoyable interactive story where you slowly chip away at the facade of a rundown mining community that turns more and more fantastical. There is no real difficulty in puzzling out what you need to do, choices are more to forge a narrative. Despite being bit graphics, they evoke some amazing landscapes and characters.Only 3 out of 5 episodes are out yet."
,Recommended,231200,2949887,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,HarrisonFjord,"Buy this game. Seriously, you'll thank me later.Absolutely beautiful art style and lots of replayability.A truely wonderful storyline as well."
76561197973924617,Recommended,231200,10313797,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Fengphooie,"KRZ is a huge ace in the hole for the whole ""games as art"" argument and does a better job at blurring the lines between art, literature and interactive experience than anything I've played before. I have an interest in writing - I was ecstatic to find out that a major part of the game was almost ""writing"" the characters as you went along through it's unique dialogue system. A phenomenal experience - though be warned, each episode seems to be taking an age to make, though the quality of what is provided (eventually) is never a question."
76561198068638718,Recommended,231200,8560882,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Shatterton,"Great narration, great artistic direction with a Night Vale-ish feeling.Just go for it."
76561197999679419,Recommended,231200,8562621,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,rocky776,"I will give this game a guarded recommendation, because although I like it (so far) it seems like way too long between chapters.Kentucky Route Zero is beautiful, surreal, moody, and atmospheric to the max.  More a story than a game, it's about exploration and thoughtful consideration of events as they unfold. Creepy moments serve to keep you interested, which is important because there are no puzzles, no conflict and only the barest thread of a narrative. That means it's not everybody's cup of tea.The only tension is whether your decisions and dialogue choices have really made any difference. For example, I think one of my decisions caused my character to develop a limp when he otherwise might not have. Who knows, I'll have to play it again.So to sum up: beautiful game/story, not for everyone, well worth the sale price, concerned how long between chapters."
76561198049696693,Recommended,231200,8563018,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RabidOtters,"Great game, fantastic artwork, haunting music, and a entertaning storyline.  I only wish that we would hear news on when the last 3 acts will be released."
,Recommended,231200,8564032,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Thirsty_Pickle,"This game....Instantly captivating. Beautiful scenery and a mysterious, slightly obscure plot that will reel you right in. Everything I wanted it to be and more! 10/10."
76561198004519834,Recommended,231200,8564329,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vertigoe,I'd recommend this game more highly if the developer would release episodes faster than yearly.
,Recommended,231200,8564499,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wormsign,"This game has a fantastic atmosphere and a lovely story. I highly recommend it to anyone, even those who don't typically enjoy adventure games.9.75/10"
76561198039551162,Recommended,231200,8566781,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,transmet,Beautiful and mysterious. Simply enjoyable.
,Recommended,231200,8566929,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,big nappy,"Kentucky Route Zero has the best use of atmopshere I've ever seen in a game. While most of the time atmosphere in games is equated to ""spoopy dark hallways"", KY0 uses solid, washed out colors and wide camera angles to make its world seem desolate and distant.This aesthetic lends a lot of emotional weight to the game's story about the mudane lives of people dealing with poverty. The writing is excellent, especially that of the dialogue. All of the conversation is very mellow, but hints very effectively at the unsaid ways the characters feel. The dialogue trees are also done excellently. They're not about checking off little variables and affecting the game later, they allow you to make little decisions about what kind of people the characters are. It's more like being a part of the storytelling than choosing a path.Unlike many other ""story-focused games"", KY0 has a sense of brevity. The pacing is excellent, 3 hours went by faster than a couple minutes of RPG exposition. Nothing feels cliche and every line is well-thought out. I don't think I've ever seen a game be more poigniant.This is usually where I'd say that you shouldn't get this is you're looking for a traditional game, but that's not true. You should at least try it, it's more than just a fun waste of time. The $25 price-point is a little steep, though. As of writing the game is on sale for $12.50, but that's only for a day and a half. Another thing to note is that KY0 has only has 2 of a planned 5 acts completed, and there's no guarantee the next 3 will maintain this level of quality. Still, I definately recommend it."
,Recommended,231200,1147554,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,vvv,"Still no promised additional episodes, best to not purchase this title, I don't think the developers are trusworthy."
76561198079448289,Recommended,231200,8569584,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Purest Form Of Love,Will make you think and question your initial interpretations. best played at 2 am.
76561198067010339,Recommended,231200,8415062,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kmnop1888,A mysterious folk story of a desolated roadscape; Kentucky Route Zero ask players to search for the well known but not easily found Route Zero. Filled with eerie roadside attractions and even stranger conversations with locals the game feels like an all too possible version of Welcome to Night Vale.
,Recommended,231200,5518904,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,shaman.sir,"It's the Another World (VG, 1991) of 2013. A vector adventure filled with emotions."
76561197970565750,Recommended,231200,430254,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,FearoftheDomo-Kun,Beautiful point-and-click. Stunning. Just buy it and play it.
,Recommended,231200,8535241,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,POOPSMACK,So erie and atmospheric. A great revival of text-based adventure games.
,Recommended,231200,8490584,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BOTCH,"A visually stunning and haunting experience.Kentucky Route Zero reminds me of a superb mix of old school text based adventures and the more progressive point and click adventure titles of the 90's. With a little less humour that is more than made up for with a healthy dose of intense and thought provoking narrative.The atmosphere that is created through the use of sound is something that can oftentimes reuslt in goosebumps. This 'game', is the first thing I've experienced since 'To The Moon' that has truly brought about a genuine emotional response. I couldnt recommend it more."
,Recommended,231200,8524781,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,mulch,reaaaaaaally cool. The art style is really stunning and the gameplay is fluid and interesting. Patiently waiting for act 3
,Recommended,231200,7363734,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,wm.,"Fantastic art-historical (and history-historical) refs/hat-tips/name-drops, in addition to its other virtues."
,Recommended,231200,2273052,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,RUBE,Instructions for playing this game:1. Make yourself a drink. ( I would suggest something with whiskey in it)2. Start playing about 1 hour before sunset.3. Don't stop playing; the first (and currently only) act is only about an hour long.4. Reflect on how much you want to suck this game's proverbial♥♥♥♥♥♥I can not wait for Act 2.
76561198006840430,Recommended,231200,9943828,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,chris4262,Breathtaking. This really is something special.
,Recommended,231200,9895567,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Tsar Tzeentch,"Really on the fence about this one because it has moments that are extremely boring even for what the game is trying to execute. On the other hand it has great art design and dialogue options that are pretty deep. I also enjoy how the game plays with perspective, in both presentation and dialogue, to make the world seem fantastical. The world is really mysterious and probably desrves someone with more patience than myself to explore every corner of it. On a final note, there's only 2 of 5 acts available at the time of this review, so I'm more or less looking forward to the next three acts further accomplishing the developer's intended direction."
,Recommended,231200,9346374,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,robotsarego,"Two acts and two intermissions with more episodes to come in 2014, but an incomplete package manages to take my top spot this year. Kentucky Route Zero creates one of the most unique, ethereal, dream-like and inspirational games I’ve ever played. Every scene is so totally mind-bending, atmospheric, filled with wonder and encapsulates what games as a medium are capable of doing. Jake and Tamas at Cardboard Computer might be extra-dimensional creatures pulling new concepts from another time and place. And if so, I love them for it."
,Recommended,231200,9347469,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[OTF] Mr. Fiend,"I picked up this game because I found the concept rather intriguing.  A secret highway under Kentucky?  I wasn't sure what to expect but I figured what the heck.The world of Kentucky Route Zero is beautiful and mysterious, full of odd characters and dark, derelict places.  The dialogue is all in text form and that seems to help the ambience.  The gameplay is point and click like the old adventure games however there is not much beyond that.  There are no puzzles to solve or minigames as far as I can tell.  It boils down to an interactive story, albeit one that is told very well.Overall I am torn about this.  The art and music are wonderful but the gameplay itself is very shallow.  If the price is right it might be worth checking out."
,Recommended,231200,9273640,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tyrone Shoose,"Unique, beautiful artwork and a wonderful storyline makeKentucky Route Zeroone of the most enjoyable indie games I've played in months.Gameplay is smooth, but nothing to write home about, esspecially the awkward functionality of the hub map which gets you to the next bit of story. The arwork and use of shadows to give the illusion of a 3d movement in what are essentially two dimensional evironments is impressive to say the least and it really help imerse the player into the world. As for the story, I will leave that for whomever's reading this to experience themselves, but prepare to be engaged."
,Recommended,231200,9274616,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"A great game when you feel like relaxing. Full on witty art, dialogue and humor - also a bit poetic.I feel the game is setting out to appear one way and be another, but I'm never quite sure which is which... even in the very beginning it seems clear you have a run in with some ghosts, though as the game continues I question if I'm the one who is a ghost.The only big negative is how long it has taken them to create the last Act, though I'm still looking forward to it and hope it was worth the way."
76561198082345144,Recommended,231200,9402980,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,alexfooks010,"Those who want a cheap actionfest look elsewhere.  This isn't so much a game as an interactive story where you fill in the interiority of the characters that inhabit it.  The visual style, locations, and storyline constantly blows your mind and leave you reflecting deeply on the meaning of it all.Plus, in what other you stroll through the forest, listening to bluegrass, with a giant bald eagle at your side?  The ultimate American experience."
76561198059901088,Recommended,231200,6142528,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,adeemin,Really thought provking mysterious adventure
76561197987852905,Recommended,231200,9076513,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,deafblindmute,"If you are half as pretentious as me, then you'll love this game twice by thrice as much (translation: this is a very good game)."
,Recommended,231200,7563668,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,trippingmartian,Turn the lights down and the volume up.A masterclass in atmosphere and storytelling.
76561197983817188,Recommended,231200,990260,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,Hanover,Haunting.  You will be thinking about this game for days after you finish the first chapter...and then you'll want to go through it one more time just to make sure what you experienced was real.Highly recommended.
76561198067076678,Recommended,231200,8839361,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,That guy,A great ambient soundtrack to a game with a unique plot.
76561198039911403,Recommended,231200,9162112,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Dontreadthis,this is one of my personal favorite games of all time. it creates atomsphere amazingly and is beutiful in it's one right and you should buy it. granted it isn't a bf3 or a tf2 but it's so damn atmospheric
,Recommended,231200,9163521,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bradleybugman,"This game has seen a fair bit of attention, both positive and negative, in the game review community. To address the most negative first, is that the game is ugly and a visual mess. I actually downloaded this game upon sight alone and I must say that the minimalistic, angular style is wonderful. Scenery alone is some of the most striking I've seen in awhile from an indie title. And it all serves the environment and characters of the game, augmenting the surreal world of The Zero. The characters seem at home in a world where ghostly mine music, (literally) endless traffic jams, and giant eagles are as normal as a truck making a delivery. It's a game with a mix of wit, spookiness, and poetry that is unlike anything else I've played. The only negative is that I could not train my brain to not look for puzzles or tricks of other point and click games, but that is wholly a personal perception. I look forward to the next 3 Acts."
,Recommended,231200,9163715,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Atlas Hugged,Super atmospheric and cool. Really hope it gets finished
76561198023395034,Recommended,231200,8627061,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aysar,"This is a point and click mystery adventure game with a really great and unique graphics style. The story line is interesting and drew me in immediately. It's kind of casual, but I don't mind.If you're interested in a cool mystery story alongside some beautiful images, I would recommend this."
76561198041350610,Recommended,231200,8630723,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,mechanixis,"Essentially, this is a game about telling a story to yourself. As the plot unfolds your main responsibility is to decide how the characters think, feel, and relate to one another. By deciding who they are, you become invested in them. Also, it's gorgeous."
76561198070402224,Recommended,231200,8447702,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,justin.brown85,This game is just absolutely amazing.  If you can pick this up please do.  I ended up getting it for $12.49 on a 50% off sale.  I'm currently waiting for act 3 to come out.  This might remind you of The Walking Dead game or The Wolf Among Us if you've purchased that as well.  It's a story based game with some amazing audio (sounds/music) and a very unique graphics style that is easy to love.  It's a true adventurers game as you can choose what you say in certain conversations and choose which direction you might like to go.  I really cannot say enough about this game and have played it over 2 hours already without the game even being half released yet!
,Recommended,231200,8928661,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Xsarwulf,Where is my act 3?!?!??!! I WANTZ IT!@
,Recommended,231200,9096802,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,blasto2236,"Not your typical adventure game, and certainly not for everyone, but this is one of my favorite games I have ever played. Many are complaining because of the delay between episodes, but I say let them take all the time they need to keep cranking out an experience of this quality. I have easily already received $25 worth of entertainment from this game, and we still have 3 acts left. If you're a fan of a well told story, and a strange, unique design, this game is for you."
,Recommended,231200,7717829,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Tils,Nice Game. It tells an amazing story mixed with exellent atmosphere. It really calms you down. But I wouldn't recommend it to someone who expects action in this game.
,Recommended,231200,7618275,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,iamharrynelson,"Less of a game, and more of a ""Choose Your Own Advenure"". I got this mainly because I loved the graphics. But the storyline and HOW it was written is what makes me want to play more. Extremely cerebral and thought provoking. Haunting background music. This is something that you should experience."
,Recommended,231200,9585968,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,hannah.isabel,"I like the look and feel of this game a lot, I really enjoyed playing through the first two acts (except for the bureacratic red tape part, but I get the feeling that you're not meant to like that bit ... the elevator musak and navigation was particuarly grating). The soundtrack is really well done, and the mysterious storyline has me hooked - looking forward to playing though further acts :)"
,Recommended,231200,9622139,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Rodion Romanovich Raskolnikov,"I didn't really know what to expect from this game. I was just attracted to how the game looks (visuals, colors, etc.). Also, I didn't know it was going to be episodic, but it has been wonderful so far. There isn't much ""gameplay"" as all you do is read people's conversations, artricles, and stories. You guide the character (and also in the main map) to areas by point-and-click with your mouse. As simple as this sounds, it doesn't become a chore guiding your character around or just exploring stuff. What captivated me is the overall mood, atmosphere, feel, and pacing of the game. It gives you time to explore surroundings and what people has to say. And once you're immersed, you'll notice all its quirkiness and, at the same time, its spookiness! There's innovative design, rich storytelling, and wonderful music! Another gem in the steam library."
76561198011747832,Recommended,231200,9609168,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Zeruul,"Great atmospheric game. Rather short, but then again only 2 acts out of 5 are out.Probably not everyone's cup of tea, but I loved every minute of it; even spent more time just admiring the scenery.If you are looking for something different, this one is engrossing and should please quite a bit."
,Recommended,231200,8973694,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,sovellea,"Has a very eerie, surreal environment that makes you wonder what is next. Storytelling at its most wonderful!"
76561198001878339,Recommended,231200,8974311,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,(λ) Yokko_Kurama,"Theatrical storytelling in a creepy, interactive game. I'd recommend wearing headphones or surround sound for this one. You will feel immersed on a dark, lonely trip through the backwoods looking for a highway that supposedly doesn't exist. I can't wait for Acts 3, 4 and 5!"
,Recommended,231200,1306064,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Mollord,"At first I attempted to play this as a game and meet vague goals, but ended up navigating a dream and got lost in all the right places. The journey is more meaningful than the destination."
76561198002477254,Recommended,231200,2111490,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Tobar,THIS game. Magical. Only played the first two acts and it's already one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,231200,9051728,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,🍕 p i z za_ma n 🍕,"This game is shrouded with mystery. Every second feels like a lucid dream. The art style, atmosphere, ATMOSPHERE, and story, are all incredibly unique and enchanting. I really have no real words to describe the authenticity and charm this game resonates. Gameplay is solid, dialogue is great, every character you meet is engulfed in mystery.NOTE: The only problem i have with this game, is the developers seem to have forgotten their own game exists. I almost gave it a thumbs down because it's been several months and the third act has yet to be seen, after they promised a new act every month or so.But alas, the game in its current state is really, really good, and still worth the experience in my opinion. I just REALLY hope they don't abandon this game, it's too good and i need to know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on in the story."
76561198016431721,Recommended,231200,10079870,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Hammershaft,Just amazing. This game is amazing writing dripping in imagination. It's the best I've ever seen a game handle a defined narrative.It also has so many moments that just turn your understanding of it's world upside down.
,Recommended,231200,8564878,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Guiding Moonlight,"Engaging, visually striking and trippy as all hell. Like point and click games passed through a filter 100% purified art, I guess? The 2/5 of the game which is there just now is very enjoyable.EDIT: NOW WITH 100% MORE SKELETONS."
76561197994321880,Recommended,231200,1532781,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Sparafucil,"If the first episode is anything to go buy, KRZ is set to be one of our generation's defining adventure games. Poetic, dream-like, and slightly unsettling, it sucks you into its world. Killer soundtrack, too."
76561198013741629,Recommended,231200,2862644,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Radiofloyd90,Love everything about it. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,231200,3759938,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,de Selby,"I don't understand it so I'm pretty sure it's art.The moment I realised this game was something special was when I read the list of floors in an office building. All the floors were normal office-type stuff, except floor 3. Floor 3 was labelled ""Bears"". I won't spoil what's actually on floor 3."
,Recommended,231200,835118,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Nugget,"I've never been one for point-and-click adventures, but Kentucky Route Zero is an astonishingly beautiful and mysterious title that drags you in with each moment. The environments are stunning as well and the sound design had my hairs standing on end at moments. I cannot recommend this title enough!"
,Recommended,231200,1744372,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Zode,"Eerie, a bit quirky, calming, mysterious. This is less of a game and more of an interactive story, but it's damn intriguing."
,Recommended,231200,3575410,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Inspector Henckels,"5 minutes in you start to wonder where the story is going to go next, and it grabs and takes you there. You will enjoy the journey."
,Recommended,231200,1404124,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Cory Loves Cupcakes,Good to see the David Lynch can make games too...
,Recommended,231200,7758040,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gluttonous Fox,"Kentucky Route Zero is a beautiful, understated adventure game that should not be ignored. Throughout the first two chapters (those that are released now) there is a range of imagery that is hauntingly beautiful. Seriously, the art direction in KRZ is something that should be noted by game designers everywhere. Thinking back there are some vistas that still pull an emotional response out of me weeks after playing the game.As for gameplay, the overly cumbersome adventure game machinations have thankfully been left out of KRZ. There are no ridiculous item-combining puzzles to slog through, and no detailed logbooks to track lengthy bait and switch quests. KRZ welcomes you in with its stunning atmosphere, and leaves you to your need to explore. The game subtly bends its lore to your will, through dialogue choices that rewrite certain details of the world you are exploring.When all put together, there are only a few hours of gameplay in the package right now. I eagerly await coming chapters, but it may be steep for anyone who is unsure if the game sounds right for them. However, if you are a fan of adventure games, indie games that dare to do something different or just plain want to be enthralled by an experience, buy in now."
76561197974235759,Recommended,231200,649571,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Squish,"A delicious morsel of a game. brilliant atmosphere, slick interface, great story. I love it so far and I'm barely scratching the surface. If you like point and click adventures, spooky stories, or dogs in hats, get in here. Best played with the lights off and headphones on. And don't forget to open your eyes, especially in the dark."
,Recommended,231200,7760105,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mr mayor,"If you're looking for interesting art and a surreal storyline, look no further."
,Recommended,231200,3436488,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,sc,"if you wrote a long poem about semi-rural northeast america and ghost stories, but your poem was actually a game, it would be this game. play it."
,Recommended,231200,816274,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,SemiSquared,"I played the first act of Kentucky Route Zero this afternoon and it put me in a really nice mood.  It's got a nice leisurely pace and encourages the player to be inquisitive without having to exhaustively check every nook and cranny or click every dialogue option.  The spectacular vector art, subtle audio, and ambiguous writing keep the game half on-screen and half in the player's head.  The main gameplay is mostly just moving the character around the screen and reading dialog and descriptions, so this isn't a game for everybody, but it's exactly the type of thing I'd like to see more of.  I'm really looking forward to the rest of this as it comes out."
76561198049680943,Recommended,231200,5432562,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,The Tinytanic,-His name is Homer.-Her name is Blue.-Just some dog; I don't know his name.
,Recommended,231200,8559664,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Adam,"Having only delved into Act 1 of this game, I feel as if already I've experienced a massive amount & know already how good this game is! An interactive novel-style of game (but not in the same sense as Heavy Rain) taken at your own leisurely pace, mixed with a great soundtrack & interesting characters. I've only met three so far, but I'm interested to know what else Kentucky can introduce me to, characters & story-wise!Highly recommend the game to anyone, especially those that love stories! Will feel familiar to many at first but once you get going, it's very different!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2015 REVIEW UPDATE!!!Two and a half years later, three acts have been completed and are available to play through. I still highly recommend this game, even if the developer hasn't released an act in over a year."
,Recommended,231200,6261409,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,PlotTwist,"A really interesting game. Play if you're looking for something a bit ""different"""
76561197963034532,Recommended,231200,14152638,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SIDMEIER'S ALLCAPSGUNFIGHT,"Sometimes when you're flying through space you end up meeting a robot. Sometimes that robot is wearing a dress and rides a motorcycle with another robot. Sometimes that robot plays the keytar and likes to sing in dive bars. Sometimes that robot knows the entire history and future of the world in which you live. Sometimes that robot is Lieutenant Commander Data. These scientificially observed facts are called Scalzi's laws of robotics. A robot can only be one of those four things. Kentucky Route Zero is a game that explores what it might mean for the laws of robotics to be slightly relaxed (not unlike how Star Trek slightly relaxes the intergalactic speed limit), allowing a robot to be multiple types of robot at the same time. That's right, in Kentucky Route Zero, Lieutenant Commander Data puts on a dress, picks up a keytar and plans your destiny from his dive bar. This is a wonderful game that really makes you think about the universe and doesn't contain any disturbing skeletons."
76561198019409084,Recommended,231200,3242742,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,xuenay,Nice and atmospheric adventure game done in the style of magical realism. Pleasantly surreal.
,Recommended,231200,15843223,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,great story
,Recommended,231200,9248390,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ATellingEllipsis,"KR0 is a magic realist adventure game with a beautiful art style and a lot of mystery. There aren't many traditional puzzles but if you like story games or modern adventures in the vein of Sword & Sworcery it's definitly worth a look. The first two, of a promised five, chapers are currently available with no ETA yet on the others but a development update from the team behind it recently was promising. Regardless I got this in a sale so I feel like I've more than got my money's worth."
76561198025007994,Recommended,231200,8742541,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TheWildRile,"This game is simply gorgeous. From the art, to the music to the dialog. Every part of this game feels well thought out and lovingly crafted to tell a story and to draw you in closer. It's not confusing, it's not complicated, it's a fun story-telling experience. Would definitely recomend this to anyone."
,Recommended,231200,8781309,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,wanderman,"ugh so much yes. Surreal, artisticaly mature and aware, thought provoking...that one sounds too serious, more like thought-allowing and -encouraging?One of those rare games where everything it does is so good, the only gripe you can have is that it relies on an existing game design template, and either some inherrent flaw or just the age of it; and the reason you're ♥♥♥♥♥ing about that is just cause there's nothing else to complain about."
,Recommended,231200,8800164,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,kdot,Beautiful. Baffling. Disturbing. Unique. Enchanting. Frustrating. Linear without a clear path... I recommend this game while still not entirely knowing how I feel about it. How's that for a sell line?
76561198002743255,Recommended,231200,2131759,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Johnny Mnemonic,"Thick entrancing story, set in a surreal environment, brought as an original adventure game"
,Recommended,231200,8605372,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Morgan Mack,"If they get a move on and release each part within a reasonable period of time so that people don't forget what has actually happened. I am lucky to have only bought this recently but if I had been waiting the 6 months+ or whatever it is, that people have been waiting since part two. I would not have been pleased in the slightest."
,Recommended,231200,8605914,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Joosebug,2 edgey 4 me. No but really its hipster as hell and the storys pretty... edgey.
,Recommended,231200,8758347,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,roxa,"Kentucky Route Zero's extremely stylistic art direction and interesting (and sometimes surreal) execution of character narrative and dialogue make this a must-play. Act 2 was something magical.Also, there's a dog."
76561197972729524,Recommended,231200,600725,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Perus_TC,Amazing story driven game.....loving it.
,Recommended,231200,8826581,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ジェームズ,It's the FLCL of adventure games.
,Recommended,231200,8724051,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,erikikac,"I highly recommend this game.  It is mysterious and delightful.  Many parts of it are intriguing and borderline creepy, but enticing enough for both advanced and novice players.  Very good game."
,Recommended,231200,8706177,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,shadowrat,"Great atmosphere. Makes me want to wander and get lost. Makes me recall with wonder such moments I did so. Makes you want to go read ghost stories and then go find some of your own mysteries to soak in and divulge.Anyway, if you like adventure games or interactive novels, you might like this. Then again, it is it's own thing, and you might like it if you just like getting lost, mysterious tales, and weird stuff."
,Recommended,231200,8673440,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,drivel,"Beautiful, haunting, surreal, and more than a bit out there. Can't wait for more episodes."
76561198086889518,Recommended,231200,8673664,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Draebesonrm,"Incredible indie game, though incomplete, I kept playing and now I can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,231200,8578704,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,nemoDreamer,Most hauting game I've played in a long time...
76561198041875558,Recommended,231200,8585055,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Dance Commander,A perfect game to relax to. Looking forward to Episode 3
,Recommended,231200,4036817,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,arc_spartacus,An offbeat point and click adventure game with fantastic atmosphere. There's no point in clicking on any other game give it a play.
76561198073334516,Recommended,231200,6721468,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Gruagach of Lough Leane,"A magical road trip through murky higways where you will find phantom places, people, folk singers, churches, museums and a real friend who will help you to get to the mythical Route Zero."
,Recommended,231200,8160186,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,laitoukid,"From the dark and Melancholy hues, the unique visual design, and interesting dialogue choices that put TWD to shame, I'd say this is absolutely worth the purchase. This game is episodic, and only two episodes have been released thus far, but they've drawn me into the world and surrounded me in it. We're only 40 miles in to the 100 mile trip, yet I've already seen more than any man before."
76561198078818894,Recommended,231200,8109034,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,freedawg,"I got this game to try to get out of my comfort zone which lies in FPS games. It's very interesting and the gameplay and characters are good, but it feels very slow and gets pretty boring."
,Recommended,231200,8493919,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BudManstrong,"Super cool, choose your own adventure style game."
,Recommended,231200,8593635,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,- D -,Gorgeous but unfinished. Please come back.
76561198069031800,Recommended,231200,6559618,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,POCAHONTAS,SWEET GAME LOL
76561197970877368,Recommended,231200,8574338,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MrHiccups,"Based on playing episodes 1 and 2,  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes surreal, laid-back adventure games.   The slow and dream-like pace make this a very unique experience."
,Recommended,231200,8576853,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Neems,Your sidekick is an old hound in a straw hat. 11/10
,Recommended,231200,8587716,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Phil,"I would definitely recommend this game. The only thing you have to know is that it's not a conventional game. It's more like a surreal interactive storytelling experience.We start the game with the objective of delivering something (we don't know what) to someone (we don't know who). The only problem is that we are lost and that we need to find the ""Zero"". So basically, the desire line of the game is about finding a way. And we soon realize that the objective is not about the delivery anymore, but just about finding ways. And you have to agree to wander off with the people that you meet on the road in order to find your way again. And it gets very strange.This game is interesting because of the advanced narrative, the master storytelling and the unique experience that it provides. It is beautiful visually, yet very simple. The soundtrack creates a warm and dreamy atmosphere.You will definitely get caught in the universe of this game.I'm not a hardcore gamer and when I play to a game, it's not about performance or achievements. It's about storytelling, visuals and characters. I like to be part of something different than my own reality. And this game is all about that, so I was very pleased.I can't wait for the next episodes to come out!PRO:- We meet characters and we feel like we really share an adventure with them.CON:- Our choices never seem to have real consequences on the game, other than building our own perception of what we're doing (which I guess is the point of the game). So far, we have the feeling that we are progressing, but we don't know if it's towards a resolution, because the mystery only gets thicker. And I wonder how it will unfold. The risk with a surreal narrative is that an abstract adventure could lead to an abstract conclusion. But there is no need to speculate as the rest of the game is yet to be released!And I am definitely hooked. 9/10"
,Recommended,231200,8587775,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lenin's Lil' Potato,"This is a good game to play when it's 3am and you can't sleep.. mesmerizing, wonderful, kind of sad"
,Recommended,231200,8590370,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mein Uberfluss,Beautiful.
,Recommended,231200,8816939,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,dead moms walking,"Jan. 23, 2014Part 1As I begin writing this, I am still debating on whether to give KRZ a thumbs up or down.I became interested in it after seeing a slew of screenshots.  I immediately liked the starkness and minimal use of colors.Then Steam had it on sale and so...It wasn't until after I bought it that I realized it was unfinished.Two acts of.. well at least three, I guess.But that really didn't bother me, since I often don't finish games, myself.It started off interesting enough (once we got a bug with the start up fixed.)I found it quirky.Then cryptic and bureaucratic,Then, confusing and preachy.But I could tell it was trying to take me somewhere, like it wanted to show me something.So I just kept clicking along, trying to keep up.I wanted to understand.And, that's pretty much it. I clicked and it led.. to the end of act 2, where it just sorta stopped and looked at me.That's when I realized that, perhaps, it was lost, too.(please note! I didn't wanna give this a thumbs up or down.  But when I didn't choose, Steam automatically chose thumbs up... which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a bit so I thumbed it down. Rage rate, I guess.. however, I stand by my words.)May 18th, 2014Part 2I have just finished Act III of Kentucky Route Zero.Actually, to be precise, I have just finished Acts I, II, and III, of Kentucky Route Zero.Consecutively.Now, you may be wondering, would these be the same Acts I and II that were written about, many months ago, up there, in Part 1?To which, I would answer. ""Yes?""When it was announced that Act III was about to begin and we should all return to our seats, I couldn't remember where mine was. And though, any old empty seat would've done nicely, the empty seats are hard to see, in the dark.My only other option.. a completely new seat, in a completely new play-through, of Kentucky Route Zero: Acts I, II, and III.Consecutively.And so I sat down...Again, it started off interesting enough.I found it cryptic.Then, bureaucratic and poetic.Then, melodic and preachy.Then, boring and misunderstood.Then compelling and.. clicking and stumbling and following.. to the end of Act III,  where it all just sorta stopped and looked up in amazement.That's when I realized, that perhaps, we'd been found.(Please Note! I'd still rather not give this a thumbs up or down.  However, my 'rage rate' subsided months ago, and I've been sucking said thumb, ever since.  As retribution, for such childishness, I am turning one soggy thumb up, for KRZ: Acts I, II, III)(Please Note! When I edited in Part 2, it deleted any ""was this review helpful' marks/comments.  This is something done, automatically, by the system and not me, just so's you know.)"
,Recommended,231200,8473356,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nannou,One of the greatest examples of video games as an expression of art.
,Recommended,231200,10375022,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Studman5674,"This is a surrealistic, Beckett-quoting, adventure into the life of death.  I love it."
76561198025050552,Recommended,231200,15453538,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,All Hot & Bothered,"Guys, chill, this still counts as a game."
,Recommended,231200,3629122,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,the game - 100,This ♥♥♥♥ing rules
,Recommended,231200,4691741,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Dosis-Dei,Beatifull art and story driven game! yet they haven't release the other episodes so is really short :(
76561197997797084,Recommended,231200,13757266,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,hrnec,There is no point in writing long review. This game made me speechless.
,Recommended,231200,15568795,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MsAnnThrope,"This game is confusing as it is intriguing. You really have to pay attention to the text so you can pick up on hints and clues on what you need to do to move on in the story. I’ll admit I did get lost in the beginning of the game and need a walk through, but once I got my bearing back I was good to go.The travel map was some what perplexing. Granted, I’ve live in Kentucky my entire life and I have traveled these roads personally, I still found them confusing.The story itself isn’t really making any sense to me so far. I go here, I go there, I go back to where I started, but I keep seeing things out of the cornor of the screen and I’m like “what is that?”So, I am going to continue playing to see where it goes. So far I give it a thumbs up"
76561198016495749,Recommended,231200,15575394,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BlindFrank,"Simple, meticulous, beautifully written, and gorgeous to a fault. A somber, yet playful, atmosphere pervades every crevice of this tale, allowing for a contemplation of what an adventure truely is. If staring into the void invites the void's own judgement, does that mean it's necessarily aweful? Leave the paved roads and take to the caves. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,231200,7597316,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,dain42,"I just played Act I of this game in one sitting. It's truly fantastic. Which I mean literally, given the strong current of magical realism the game exhibits. These same elements make it a little...spooky? creepy?...neither of those is quite on the mark. ""Ominous"" might be better. Again, kind of in a literal sense, the root of ""ominous"" being ""omen"".The artwork is beautiful and haunting, and there's a good story, which is only slowly coming to light as I play. There's definitely something going on, but I'm still not completely sure what's setting the mood and what's going to be central to the plot yet.The gameplay borrows some elements from point and click games like MYST and from the old text-based adventures. But what has impressed me the most so far is how much just choosing from a few responses has made me feel like I'm participating in the story, even while I wonder how relevant these choices that I'm making about what to say will be to the outcome(s) of...whatever is going to transpire in the future."
76561198047125544,Recommended,231200,5263331,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,CherryCosmos,Beautiful game with great atmosphere.
76561197999549222,Recommended,231200,15660729,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sparky,Fantastic fiction demonstrating true mastery of the technologies involved.  I have never or read seen anything like it.
,Recommended,231200,1869607,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,elilupe,Unexplainable. Great.
,Recommended,231200,13733963,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,resullus,"Take a Lucas Arts point and click such as Day of the Tentacle, age it several years until it reaches a more mature exploration horror slant somewhere closer to Twin Peaks. Then posterize it with a stack of flat colored storyboard art and slow Vangelis style atmospherics with occasional blues shimmed inbetween each layer. There you go. Kentucky Route Zero.Valve nuked my playtime after switching from Win* to *nix. Ignore the time played value."
,Recommended,231200,13777041,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kisstheapex,"This is so much more than a game -- its a narrative, that allows you to tell the story the way you want to. Stunning, yet slightly eerie graphics give the game a surreal feel, and the soundtrack is an absolutely incredible piece to tie it all together. This is one of those games that you can have a million different theories for, with each replay giving you new information or perspectives into what's really going on. I HIGHLY recommend this game, as it is an experience; I can't wait until the last two acts are released!"
,Recommended,231200,13742959,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Girth,With strange locations come strange adventures. I am not quite certain what I am doing when I play this but I know I am enjoying it.
,Recommended,231200,13745120,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Prince Tulip,I can not wait for the next two acts! Replay value is great. This game gave me new feelings.
,Recommended,231200,13768245,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lhokk.tyn,"The simple polygon graphics employed here bring to mind an old classic, ""Alone in the Dark"", and like that game the story is strong enough (albeit a little more trippy here) not to need superfluous decoration to carry it along.I'm still in the middle of playing this typical point-and-click affair, and not 100% what going on yet, but the quirky script and oddball characters are doing a great job of retaining my interest.A modern classic."
,Recommended,231200,1799270,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,Frater Nagelbett,While the video game community is having heavy discussions about the rise of so called 'art games' KRZ will without a doubt add some more fuel to the fire. As an extremely atmospheric game that I can not describe any other way than 'point and click Dear Esther' I'm sure the camps on this one will be devided again. But I for one am amazed by how deep this game reaches and can strongly recommend it even though it's price may be a bit too steep for people to just try it out.
,Recommended,231200,617745,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,Sidotsy,"This game is art. The story is interesting and different, the characters are well developed (mostly by you, the player), the art-style is wonderful, and the game will just pull you along."
76561198091479655,Recommended,231200,7192421,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,the_bison1,This game is one of a kind and i really enjoeyed it and the parts where the music kicks in really sets the mood of the game
,Recommended,231200,8260395,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,jk85212,"My favorite game of 2013. I wish they'd release another episode already, though."
,Recommended,231200,8260526,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ealdwine,Maybe one of the greatest indie games that I've ever played.
76561197987407802,Recommended,231200,1130092,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Furor,"A nice and quiet adventure, also a visual masterpiece."
76561197970949006,Recommended,231200,8245898,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ThriceFive,"Fantastic narrative adventure - unlike anything else out there.  I loved the surreal imagery, situations, and use of light.  Must be experienced."
,Recommended,231200,7320038,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,WolfSamurai,"Fantastically interesting and atmospheric adventure game. Creepy, odd, surreal, well written, and with really unique style."
76561198080123561,Recommended,231200,6943608,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Jenkem Unchained,Indescribable. Play it.
76561198085784246,Recommended,231200,10011933,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Tiger,It's only halfway finished 2 acts out of 5 they are promising. The game so far is very good and very interesting worth playing in the dark alone and just getting lost in its little world.
,Recommended,231200,10056252,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Merm,"Nice visuals, sweet dialouge, and awesome ambiance. I like it."
76561198085433802,Recommended,231200,10060506,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,v__virgin,"Great atmosphere & narrative techniques, lovely point and click title."
,Recommended,231200,10039128,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,The Sombrero Kid,"Parts 1 & 2 were good, but part 3 is astounding. Can't wait for the rest."
,Recommended,231200,10040704,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Jesh,"This game is very artistic, quite amazing, great style and atmosphere."
,Recommended,231200,1508474,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Gemini Dragon,"So far this game has a very unique air around it, and for the most part it's a point and click light-puzzle/mystery game.  It can be a little confusing, and since only the first out of five acts is released, will be for awhile I'd imagine, but I love the atmosphere in this game.  I'd recommend it for sure."
76561198039433185,Recommended,231200,10042628,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,princess stairmaster-buttstuff,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It's absolutely incredible and impossible to adequately describe. It's flat out narrative magic and possibly the most beautiful game I have ever played, aesthetically and otherwise. Get this game immediately."
,Recommended,231200,649625,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"Honestly, this is an experience (so far, at least) that I think everyone should play through. The game does an incredible job of telling an eerily magical story through text and audio better than most big budget titles do, and while I don't know if the story will pan out to be something worthwhile as a whole, it's two acts have so far have caused me to say, ""what the ♥♥♥♥...?"" in the best possible way more times than I can count. The soundtrack is amazing, too."
76561198069232676,Recommended,231200,10767778,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,No.1 Cool Dude,The dog wears a hat.
,Recommended,231200,10772252,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ham_Omelette,"Kentucky Route Zero is one of the most brilliant and creative games I've had the pleasure of playing. It immerses you in a fantastic, surreal world through superb and creative storytelling. When you're not contemplating the excellent dialogue, you'll be astounded by the games awesome aesthetic finesse. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,231200,10855218,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MAXADISASTA,"It is a strange game, but it is also one of the best games I have played."
76561198003051332,Recommended,231200,10856385,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dr.Kisses,Therapuetic
,Recommended,231200,10856568,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[#WN] KevlarMenace,"The atmosphere, both visually and acoustically, is great. It's haunting and creepy, but not scary."
76561198065002218,Recommended,231200,10838514,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,theideasguy,"With a fantastically lonely, ethereal soundtrack and beautifully absorbing visuals, this game has the power to completely wrap you up in its sleepy, enchanting atmosphere- don't be put off by lack of interactivity/gameplay."
,Recommended,231200,10866982,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,tempest,"A really atmospheric point-and-click adventure. Captivating visuals, soundtrack, and storytelling. It's something you'd want to experience."
76561197970843751,Recommended,231200,10994750,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SteakFlavoredGum,"What is Kentucky Route Zero? I'm not sure. It's not exactly a game... as far as I know the player does not have any agency whatsoever. There's no inventory. There are no Sierra death screens. In fact, not much really *happens* in the game: it takes place on a summer night in rural Kentucky.Well, that's a lie. It takes place in some kind of Kentucky not at all like the real Kentucky. It's a Kentucky that I really, sorely wish I could visit, because this place is amazing. Everything about this world is something you can get lost in. It's as real as real can be, but *magical* at the same time. Neil Gaiman kinda stuff. It's probably the most aesthetically complete game I've ever played, and there's clearly a lot of love poured into its art and sound design. The music, especially, is top notch.You want to play this game, or story, or whatever the hell it is. Just buy it."
,Recommended,231200,3328886,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,fodder,You have it all backwards.  I'm not surprised:  are you?  Have you been paying attention?  I don't think you have.
,Recommended,231200,9064785,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Spongie,"Experience on Linux so far:+ Solid.The game:Hm. I don't exactly know what genre to put it in, because it deviates quite a lot from the normal point-and-click adventures. You direct the narration and progress the story line using dialogs of your choosing. Although some critisize the game for the fact that dialog choices do not (seemlingly) affect the outcome. What dialogs I choose matters to me, my mindset as a player, which is good enough for me.The artwork is beautiful and unique, the story and dialogs are engaging and sometimes emotional in the most subtle of ways. You may not know why, but sometimes you get a discomforting or straight out creepy feeling as you guide the main characters through the game. Likewise, some scenes are very endearing.With proper voice actors (the game has no voice acting, only text dialogs) this game would have been gold.The game is released in three acts (2 are out so far) and I have to deduct points from the overall score because the releases have been few and far in between. I recommend you wait until all acts are released before you purchase, I was very unhappy with the waiting time for act 2 and act 3.I'm not sure I like this trend started by that very famous game title based on a comic book about zombies, but the game is worth a buy.Score:3/5"
76561198036458918,Recommended,231200,11438287,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,hakan,"After playing act 1: Visually very pleasing. A storyline equal parts wistfulness, whimsy and mystery. I recommend this to anyone looking for an interesting and thought-provoking diversion."
,Recommended,231200,14460749,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,"More like an interactive story than a game. If you like twisted mystical stories about the life itself and it's meaning +  brilliant art and atmosphere - you should try this. If you want a game - this is not it. Gameplay is rather poor (and personaly me liking it ONLY that way for this product). As I told you, it is not a game, it is a story. A good one."
,Recommended,231200,58925,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,MovinVan,An adventure with beautiful scenes and a focus on storytelling that requires patience and thought about your character.  Attention to detail in animation and interface is incredible. Looking forward to Episode 2+.
,Recommended,231200,12336376,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SanMartian,"Extremely replayable, startlingly brilliant script, and a soundtrack that conveys more emotion than a drunk white girl."
,Recommended,231200,12318326,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,angeloftheodd,"This game possess an ethereal, dreamlike quality which I can't entirely explain but absolutely love. It single handedly wins the ""games as art"" arguement for me. I have no qualms about referring to this game as beautiful."
76561197967486275,Recommended,231200,12357390,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hop,"Worth every penny... Can't wait to see where this goes and what the developer does once this project is complete.Astounding storytelling, awesome art and realistically delivered dialogue make for one hell of an experience.This has been on my wish list for a long time... I'm glad I finally took the time to take a good look at it."
,Recommended,231200,12281749,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,CitizenEldar,"Awesome art direction, interesting story, great atmosphere."
76561197970926075,Recommended,231200,12473101,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DrThunderbutt,"Sublime. I've never played anything like it. Eerie, subtle, spooky, surreal, other-wordly, brilliant. This is what I'd always hope video games could aspire to. Wow."
,Recommended,231200,12492617,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Stylez,KRZ has a beautiful approach to tell a very strange story.
,Recommended,231200,938708,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Joga,"Kentucky Route Zero is something special. It's more of an experience than a game. It conveys a certain dreamlike atmosphere and puts you in a certain state of mind unlike any other game I've played. It's very peaceful, though at the same time carrying a subtle undercurrent of social commentary on topics like crushing debt, home forclosure, and alcoholism. It's chock full of literary references (detailedhereandhere), most of which sailed right over my head, but it's still a fantastic experience for the atmosphere and writing alone. The interesting and rich characters you meet, the crickets chirping into the night, the music, it's all just absolutely beautiful.It's not for everyone - it's definitely deliberately paced, and there isn't really any action or puzzles to speak of. If you dislike games like Gone Home or Dear Esther solely because they're ""not games"" (regardless of content) then this probably isn't for you. But if you can keep an open mind, you'll be treated to an experience unlike any other."
76561198001530298,Recommended,231200,11820230,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,spook,"I will be frank - I loved this game, but I am still unsure exactly how I should describe the experience.Atmospheric? Certainly. The game has a haunting, lush vibe that reminded me of better episodes of Twin Peaks. Artistic? The game is just lovely. But that doesn't really do it justice...The graphics are indie/lofi, but done so well that it actually enhances the feel of the game. The music is perfect, and kicks in at just the right times. Route Zero is lonely and mysterious, but never grim or frightening. Dark in the sense of obscure, perhaps, but not in terms of tone or theme.Really enjoyed it, can't wait for the last episode, hope for more."
76561198002305031,Recommended,231200,11821280,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,LeeshaJoy,"If there was a video game based on Welcome to Night Vale, it would look and feel a lot like Kentucky Route Zero."
76561198030767686,Recommended,231200,4017183,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,greybing,by far one of if not the best game i ahave played this yearthough all has not been seen as it is episodic.
76561198108827327,Recommended,231200,11808224,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,drillpogodrill,"I really do not think the word ""game"" applies to Kr0, it's something else entirely.  A Fever dream you can walk around in, a campfire tale session between Proust and Lynch... anything but a game. Simply perfect, and it fills me with hope for what more might be possible to create on these boxes we spend so much time in front of."
,Recommended,231200,11808808,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Mr.AFK,"Fantastic storytelling in all aspects: music, graphics and script. Downside: not all acts are released, so wait to play it until then. You want, and need, to play the game in one sitting. Did a two week break in the middle of the game and that is not recommended, so a undefinate break till release of acts 4 and 5 is even less recommended.Buy it!"
,Recommended,231200,7686437,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,kaf,"One of the best adventure games I have ever experienced - from art style to story. Can't recommend this enough. The only downside is the time between acts, but each one has been thrilling in its experience and I feel does a much better job at story and pacing than anything Telltale has put out."
,Recommended,231200,11827649,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,whitneyarner,"There aren't words. The most moving, powerful, and important thing to happen in games.... ever? Yeah, I'll say ever. An absolute required play."
,Recommended,231200,11867239,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"bizarre dream-like atmosphere, unique gameplay and strangely fitting visuals.  sometimes it feels like text adventure game.overall, great hidden gem, worth full price. absolutely must play if you like David Lynch movies, have some similarities in atmosphere, but different."
,Recommended,231200,11619144,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Commonperson,"A study in magical realism, game as art this is a project that is well worth supporting.  Beautifully rendered a vague uneasiness fills the game much like a Lovecraftian horror waiting to rear its ugly head and let loose the madness under the surface."
,Recommended,231200,4809101,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Vegemite,"Everything about this game is beautiful. The dialogue is smooth and natural, the art style is different but superb, and ambiant sounds really set the mood"
,Recommended,231200,11070760,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hailz,"This is a difficult game to review because it's hard to know how a game like this will effect different people. I also don't think it's totally fair to say that I recommend or don't recommend it, I wish there was a ""Neutral"" option on Steam, but I'll write my take on it anyway. This review was written after playing the 3 Acts available. I'm hoping I will have to come back and make some edits when the game is finished.Art Direction / Presentation:10/10, this is the game's best feature. As a graphic designer I absolutely love the game's visual style. There are some sequences (such as The Forest) that I would describe as brilliant from a design/storytelling standpoint.Sound / Music:Sound effects are excellent and create a great atmosphere. This game is best played in the dark with a pair of good headphones. Music is used sparingly but when it starts playing it gives me goosebumps every time.Writing:Good writing and fairly interesting characters (although some characters are barely introduced before they join your ""party""). I don't like how characters seem to show up randomly with none of the other characters going ""wait, who are you?"" but I'm hoping this is a part of the mystery that will be sorted out by the end of the game.Gameplay:Gameplay is this game's weakest point. I should preface this by saying I LOVE point and click adventure games. Phoenix Wright is one of my favorite series of all time and I also love the Telltale games. This, however, leaves something to be desired. The amount of dialogue options feels great, and I definitely expected a linear story, but there is just not enough to DO. Not a lot to explore and pick up. And certainly very few (if any) puzzles. I love PW because I have to wander around picking up clues and figuring out what to do next. This game pretty much ushers you from scene to scene. And while it is still good and entertaining, I would definitely like to see more. I love the simpicity of the game. But I found myself annoyed at how limited I was (I wanted to walk over to something to inspect it many times - you'll find yourself saying ""what the heck is THAT?"" often in this very odd game). I also have a big problem with invisible walls, I really prefer games like this to make it obvious when I can't go somewhere.The lowest point playing this game were the 2 game-breaking bugs I encountered. Twice my characters were headed toward a destination I clicked on and then abruptly stopped. They wouldn't move and they wouldn't perform the actions I told them (it wasn't a cut scene). It wasn't enough to ruin the game, but I did have to restart the game to fix it.I can't comment on the story a lot, because honestly it is all still very confusing. I'm intrigued by the premise and will eagerly play it til the end, but even for a mystery game things get pretty weird. I'm always frustrated when the characters I'm playing as don't question more of what's happening around them when things get bizarre like in this game, but again this criticism could look pretty silly once the final game is out.All in all I enjoyed my time with this game, but to recommend it feels misleading. If you hate point and click adventure games stay far away from this one. But if you like them, this is still worth checking out. If nothing else I want people to buy this game so that it gets finished and so this studio can make more games. Because they obviously have the interesting new ideas and talent to make something great."
,Recommended,231200,10963768,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,olkjas,"I still have no idea what is going on, but damn do I love it."
,Recommended,231200,2783548,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Fishkill,I usually hate on art games ... but this is smart and compelling ... cant wait for next installment!
,Recommended,231200,10815187,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,❤Chel❤,"Very relaxing game that offers many choices with more branching choices. Great visuals, soothing to powerful music, and interesting characters. Really recommend this game."
76561197993503782,Recommended,231200,10817705,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Abrackadabra,"This is not a game, but an ethereal visual journey in a strange world shaping around your decisions. This is one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen."
,Recommended,231200,10819495,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gatex1,"This has been one of the most interesting and engaging experiences I have had. This game, which would be equally referred to as art, has touches of Kubrick and Lynch. The saddest part of the whole experience is that it ends, I fear to play the last act because I may not want to go back through again.Good art takes time, and this is worth the wait."
,Recommended,231200,10765632,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ballbarn ever after,it's a beautiful and unique piece of art that's more like interactive theatre than a game. highly recommended
,Recommended,231200,92121,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Voodoo Dragon,Nice dialogue and an interesting environment.
,Recommended,231200,10775020,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,KPN,"Really cool, really fun, unique and atmospheric.  Just get it and you'll see!  Storyline is intriguing, characters are interesting and the writing is quality."
76561198009427892,Recommended,231200,10775498,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Etterra,"Can be a little tricky to figure out what to do next, but it's visually lovely and the music is pretty sweet."
,Recommended,231200,10777326,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"Vivian, Lady of Dawn and Dusk",Intriguing but stuck.... ages since the last update.
76561198087906221,Recommended,231200,10779028,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Epicgoatboy,"Imagine if a game had the same storytelling skills as Tell Tale mixed with an impossible to re-create indie vibe. That would make the perfect game which just so happens to be a masterpiece called Kentucky Route Zero. Mix the story elements of the newer Tell Tale games like The Walking Dead, put it in a setting that resembles that of the first Alan Wake and add some indie and you get Kentucky Route Zero. With three current acts each an hour long and with the last two on the way, Kentucky Route Zero will be the best 5 hours you'll ever spend in a video game. Can't recommend this game enough. Can't wait to see what's in store in the next two acts and in this indie dev's future. Probably one of the best indie games create to date and a hard one to top. Fantastic"
76561197974687787,Recommended,231200,10621874,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gradeAmandingo,"A quirky point-and-click adventure. Reminds me of Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery EP. Absolutely love the music and atmosphere. Really wish it had achievements and Steam trading cards, though. Overall, an excellent game."
,Recommended,231200,1998265,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,onions in the front seat,game of the year.
,Recommended,231200,10784696,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ragnarok Rose,"I still hear arguments from folks who are misinformed about the nature of today's games, who tell me that video games will never be anything more than a frivolty, that there is no sense of art to them. The difference between them and folks who don't argue that insipid point is that the first group has not experienced a video game thatisartistic.This is art.Play Kentucky Route Zero."
,Recommended,231200,10887874,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"This game definitely surprised me. I wasn't sure what exactly to expect when I bought it and started playing it, other than it was a point-and-click game that other people seemed to enjoy.But immediately I was introduced to a simple, clear design and characters that piqued my curiosity. Each character definitely has a mind of their own, and I really like being able to choose between who says what in a conversation with multiple characters present. The narration seems fluid, at times showing different characters for the player to control before settling back with the ""main group"" as it were.I'm definitely excited to play the other acts when they come out."
,Recommended,231200,10888153,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cabrini green kun~,"Looks like a depressive Another World post sad♥♥♥♥♥movies about the american dream. Plays as surrealy as the player wants it to, whether he or she implants himself/herself in its pyscho-post-Americana drama or sort of skirts around the edges is up to him/her, that is, there's the freedom to choose between knowing it's all in your/somebody's head, and gradually/reluctantly getting to that."
76561197972894521,Recommended,231200,608041,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,goo_on_shoe,"This won't be for everyone. No combat, slow-paced, point and click. It's a delicate wistful bit of a story. The closest video game equivalent to The Great Gatsby that I can think of. The graphics are absolutly ravishing, though the game occupies some middle ground bewteen a traditional point n click and a text adventure.If this appeals, then I offer some advice as you play; take your time. Don't rush through it. There's no need to agonize over choices either. The choices you make reflect more about you than they affect the game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,231200,10882423,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bdous,"Great game ,i like the Story,Characters,Music and Art of this game very much.But i would suggest bying this on sale cause it costs a lot of money and it is pretty short(Act 3 was the latest act when i wrote this).Besides that ,this is a great game."
,Recommended,231200,11542790,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Wacka Flacka Larz,"At once wholly incomprehensible and eerily, devastatingly personal, KR0 is really IRL good and you should play it."
,Recommended,231200,592820,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,[ECHO4423],Intersting and fun without being (too) pretentious.  Maybe too short but there are lots of reasons to do a replay.
76561198100356619,Recommended,231200,10589815,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jaydelnorte,"Beautiful art, great style. Interesting and abstract story. If you've ever thought driving down the highway while listening to ambient music sounds romantic, then this game is for you."
76561198043421173,Recommended,231200,10692923,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thejoycean,The atmosphere and ambience of the game are delightful and perfectly accompany the immersive and myterious interactive narrative. It's the kind of game I want to play again and again just to make sure I experience it all.
,Recommended,231200,1232663,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,The Great Ladsby,What a lovely game.
76561197976939633,Recommended,231200,12909660,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MadMonkey,Very odd but really draws you in. Excellent art and interesting.
,Recommended,231200,9048006,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Jayar,"I was wrong about Kentucky Route Zero. I didn't like the first two acts because they were slow, and I didn't understand my role in the game. I made the mistake of approaching the game as if I were controlling Conway. Once I realized that I was not any one particular character in the game, but rather an outside observer capable of nudging the story in different directions, I started enjoying the experience more. This is not your typical point-and-click adventure game. It is very much an interactive story. Your choices shape the surreal universe in subtle ways. Kentucky Route Zero is all about subtleties. I'll admit, much of the literary references and philosophical musings are lost on me, but I feel less annoyed about this now and more curious to play through the game again. Acts one and two were intriguing enough to keep me going, but I wasn't completely sold until act 3. Act 3 took the story telling to a new level. It is at times spooky and bizarre, and at others witty and fun. I'm hungry for more. Here's hoping it doesn't take another year for the next act to release."
76561198025828045,Recommended,231200,10926185,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,victordomicus,Awesome art. A very chill experience.
,Recommended,231200,1513422,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Leech,"Awesome art direction, Rich atmosphere and an interesting concept, all and all a fine buy for anyone who is into artistic expression and dark atmosphere."
,Recommended,231200,24750243,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,The Duke,"So long, Conway, so long."
,Recommended,231200,24748839,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nate Bauer,"What a lovely experience! The game is extremely focused on story and isn't terribly fast paced, but the visuals are gorgeous and inspiring. Haven't gotten through act three yet so I'm not terribly sure whats going on... but I'm really enjoying it."
76561198135812607,Recommended,231200,24762093,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,alphonse,Thank you for your groundbreaking work on this project. I've been obsessing about how this 'game' finally used the interactive medium to its true value. Looking forward to KR0 the MoMA exhibit!
,Recommended,231200,5986315,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Owls,Phenomenal.
,Recommended,231200,913615,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Lain,"Picked this up largely on a whim, since its OST and visual design struck a chord with me, and everything about it has been above and beyond all expectations.I went into it expecting a point-and-click with some nice art direction and relaxing ambient music. What I got was a enchanting piece of (semi-interactive) theatre filled with nuance and detail; a surreal world filled with intertwining stories and characters, each with something memorable to bring to the fore. Every time a new act has been released, it's been played at 2am with the lights off. I've just completely lost myself in it for a few hours at a time, and it's constantly been on my mind at some level since I first played it in 2013.It's slow-paced and very much non-traditional - it doesn't feature much of the pixel-hunting and puzzle-solving you might expect from a typical adventure game - but the dialogue, worldbuilding, themes and atmosphere carry this game effortlessly. Even something as simple as the movement mechanics are constantly played with to make different sections of the story distinct. Exploration and uncovering the myriad secrets is heavily recommended.Note that the final act has yet to be released, and if previous experience is any indication, it will be a long, long while before it is. However, said experience leaves me with no doubt that it will be worth the wait. If you do check it out, be sure to play the free ""Interval"" content the developers have also produced. They add much to the mood and lore of the game."
,Not Recommended,231200,11380817,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Takwin,"Bizarre and surreal. SCORE: 65/100.This is not The Walking Dead or Wolf Among Us, and neither is it Broken Age or Grim Fandango. It is its own thing, and it does a medoicre job at that. It starts off rather mundanely, but steadily gets weirder and more abstract as it goes. Time and space come in to play in odd ways and you will often be confused, sometimes irritatingly so.This is a strange game, and I'm unsure if it will ever get its fifth act, since it took years for Act IV of a game that looks like it would take a few weeks to make.Act IV was SUPER SLOW and I couldn't even finish it. Just mind-numbingly boring and slow. Changed my review from ""Yes"" to ""No"" for recommendation."
76561197970327378,Recommended,231200,24823374,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,hovering crocodile,Very atmospheric ambience.Outstanding vector graphics.Please consider android/ios release.Thanks.
,Recommended,231200,24634658,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Spudtatoe,"If David Lynch made 'Paris, Texas' into a video game it would be Kentucky Route Zero.Slow, calm, meditative. This game holds a mirror to you and asks 'Who are you?' As you glide though the surreal atmospheric landscape while being humbled in your existence and not being able to lay a finger on why."
76561198145384790,Recommended,231200,27198130,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,acethebunny,piece of art.recommend to anyone who love mystery.
,Recommended,231200,27147922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jesper.lindblom,Dreamlike and wonderful.
,Recommended,231200,27136529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JerryMo,Nominated this game The “Game I Couldn't Refund” Award cause it's only game i couldn't refund
,Recommended,231200,27088386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Broseph Chillaxton,Eerie.
76561197999190561,Recommended,231200,27365915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Johnny Q Doe,Because you simply can't find a game that tells such an immersive and interesting story of magical realism anywhere else on Steam
76561198022536793,Recommended,231200,27309623,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HKGeo,beautiful art style
76561198014970959,Recommended,231200,27202537,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,johnnyfaive,"Great atmosphere, setting and art direction! Need to put more time into this…"
76561198045664231,Recommended,231200,5150488,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,fudjud,"This is a pretty unique world. I have so many questions, so much curiosity"
76561198200975998,Recommended,231200,26449613,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,cdh,"I definitely liked the unique art/atmosphere, plus it answers the age-old question of what a more surreal version of Zork would look like. Definitely not for everyone, as it has a slow pace, lacks an exciting plot, has no puzzles, and (I think) doesn't let you affect the narrative in any significant way. In fact, I felt bored for parts of Act III and/or Act IV, perhaps because I insisted on playing through all the Acts in one sitting. On the whole, though, I liked it a lot as a strange, extended mood piece. Hopefully Act V will be interesting, when it comes out.Total playing time for Acts I through IV was six hours. There might be some reply value, but I'm not sure."
76561197998997244,Recommended,231200,27003466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dj Assassin,"Kentucky Route Zero is a bit different.-A large part of it is reading meandering prose.-It's deliberately paced on the slow side.-There isn't a whole lot of 'gameplay' other than very straightforward point-and-click.If I didn't value the game's unconventional narrative, or excellent characterisation, or awesome synergy between great visual and sound design, then these could be negative criticisms but instead each of the above contributes to the game's unique aesthetic; a wonderful sense of dreamlike wandering.The events of this game play out like a dream also, getting increasingly disconnected, esoteric and more surreal. The divergence in the narrative dependent on your choices only adds to its warrenous feel as you begin to explore the americana present in the Zero and try to get to grips with how far the rabbit hole goes.Like a half-remembered dream Kentucky Route Zero somehow holds together as more than the sum of its parts and leaves me wishing more games were half as experimental."
,Recommended,231200,26992964,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,George St. Geegland,Magical realism in video game form.  Never played a game that has affected me quite like this game does.
76561198003172245,Recommended,231200,14522070,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,helios1014,This is not a game like any other. Nor is is a novel made into computer code. Playing it is essential to fully enjoying it but what is it?Did you hear about that truck crash earlier?
,Recommended,231200,14429781,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cool Guy,A Fantastic experience. A game I could recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,231200,14423513,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZejoPonik,"This isn't just a game, its an experience. Cardboard Computer are masters of visualy stunning graphics and the sound track by Ben Babbitt is amazing! Can't wait for Ep 4"
,Recommended,231200,14495665,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,banjoeskimo,"Beautiful, weird, and exceedingly atmospheric. I could go on about everything I enjoyed, but I'll just make it simple.If you entered an office building, walked up to the elevator, and there was an option for a floor that contained nothing but bears, would you be excited? If yes, buy this immediately. If no, give this a miss, you'll probably think this is incomprehensible wank.Whatever it is, it's brilliant."
76561198003586786,Recommended,231200,14439880,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Turrican,I've just played this game for 10 minutes.  I can already tell it's going to be brilliant.Old school story-telling and creativity in a basic yet beautifully designed environment.I look forward to playing more and writing a full review.
,Recommended,231200,14504259,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Colinahscopy,Art style is phenominal and the story is quite interesting. Can't wait until the other parts come out!
,Recommended,231200,14505072,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Camukaze,This game is absolutely incredible. A visual masterpiece and a very intriguing storyline
,Recommended,231200,14507754,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ramsesmadou,a wonderous and new experience...
,Recommended,231200,14988061,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,rockstonic5,i love this game. i can't wait for a add on. it has a silent hill type of feel to it. amazing!! :)
76561198015088050,Recommended,231200,14914432,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,thedrew999,"You will probably like this game if you also like:1) 100% narrative games, like Dear Ester or Gome Home.2) Chapter based games, and don't mind waiting for chapters.  Note: You could be waiting YEARS for the last two chapters.  As of writing, only chapter three is out now.3) Anything directed by David LynchI really enjoyed this game as far as chapter 3.  I'm trying not to agonize waiting for the last two chapters, but it's really hard."
,Recommended,231200,14884937,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TheFlipside 3.0,I recommend everyone to play this game at least once. It's a point&click experience like you haven't seen before.
,Recommended,231200,11290281,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,YYWS,"If Steinbeck and Dalí decided to collaborate on videogame, Kentucky Route Zero would be the result."
,Recommended,231200,14720349,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EscaflowneZ,"A very cool game.  Amazing art style, mood, atmosphere, and depth despite its simple mechanics.  Hope the team makes more games in the future"
,Recommended,231200,2123408,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,coolio,Indie art game trash
76561198035239776,Recommended,231200,14438012,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Redvivi,"This is hands down of the most engaging, well thought out, and atmospheric ""experiences"" I have ever had playing a game. I paid full price for it, and would gladly do it again if I could play it all over again for the first time.I am helplessly waiting for the fourth episode to come out.. and if you get this game, you'll be waiting too.. Unfortunately the one downside seems to be the length at which these episodes take to come out. (But to be honest.. that is the only downside I can think of.. unless you count being emotionally destroyed as being a downside or not.. This game will get to you man. Seriously.. quit being a ♥♥♥♥♥, just wear the headphones, turn off the lights, make everyone be quiet.. and play.)"
,Recommended,231200,13937473,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ashado.halo,"This game blew my mind in the best way possible. Its actually not so much a game, but more an interactive film. Its haunting and beautiful. The soundtrack stays with you. And it has JUST enough hint at the socioeconomic tensions that define eastern Kentucky. On the one hand its a land of academics, throughbred owners and novelists. On the other its home to broke down miners, truckers and many lost children. Its also in a state of flux moving from its appalachian gothic roots to presenting us with  ""reclaimed spaces"" of 21st century modernity.This is not a story with  a cohesive narrative. Everything about it is dreamlike from its pacing to its fuzzy symbolism. Our protaganist, Conway, delivers antiques and is on his last run before the antique store he works for closes. He is getting old, like his hound dog (with whom he has a continuing dialogue) and he is stuck somewhere between moving on and being lost in a purposless void. To find the address of his last delivery, he must find mysterous Kentucky Route Zero - which exists more as a surreal, formless manifestation of the unknown rather than a place one can travel (in fact, like memory itself, its different when traveling backward, not forward.) Conway meets allies to help him and his dog make the last delivery, and all these companions are in various states of ""going home."" The 'player' (and I use that term loosely) is never quite sure what the journey home means...if its finding peace, or the love of family, or even death. But I am not sure the answer will be handed to us that neatly even when Act V finally wraps up. Its something each player will have to pluck through and figure out for themselves.Its extremely simply point and click game play, like one of the Telltale titles maybe, but  KRZ is much more atmospheric. Most episode games present character choice as a narrative aid . In the Walking Dead episodes, you choose *who you are* by deciding whether to steal food or share or kill strangers or take them in. KRZ is much more existential. There is no narrative payoff, just the unsettling thought that being Conway and contemplating how he chooses to interact with his dog or his former partner or his broken leg is really a process of holding up a mirror; making you wonder who, in fact, YOU are.  You can't play as the ""good guy"" or the ""bad guy."" But you do really start to consider your own deeper, less obvious motivations in short textual bursts. The narrative becomes no more clear, however, regardless of your dialogue choices.I think this is worth every penny of the $25 and I'll replay all the acts multiple times. Its that beautiful and haunting. It also pushes the boundries of what video games are as a genre. I haven't played Gone Home or the Stanley Parable but those are next on my list thanks to this gem."
76561197962277317,Recommended,231200,11975218,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,power,"Episodes could be a bit closer together but overall I am loving this so far, the music in particular is pretty amazing and the scene in the roadhouse in particular is quite possibly one of the best gaming moments I've ever experienced - highly recommended!"
,Recommended,231200,6370453,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,An Enthusiastic Spatula,"I really can't recomend this game enough... picked it up on a whim and absolutely fell in love. Easily one of my favorite games ever made, maybe even my absolute favorite. The art is amazing, the artistic references are vast, and I think the time between episodes really helps the pace far better than if it were released all at once. I have happily recomended this anyone in need of a good story, and it has been nice watching the team evolve and learn through the development process.I can't wait for the 5th act, but I am glad that they haven't rushed it out the door."
,Recommended,231200,29402942,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"An incredible, trippy, beautiful experience."
,Recommended,231200,2360192,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,amok,"[Updated for Act II]This game is really hard to define.An artwork in the subtle, the surreal, the atmopsheric, the experimental.An audio visual experience. An interactive narrative. A stylized point n click adventure.It's slow paced. There's no voice acting. It's minimalistic but beautiful."
,Recommended,231200,70504,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,LE,"If Lynch, Jonze, & Fincher smoked a ♥♥♥♥ton of weed and made a game, it'd probably be very close to this."
76561198047612627,Recommended,231200,29013882,Posted: 4 January,all,Cragscorner,"A game that perfectly captures the often beautiful surrealism of the South. The music, writing and story are all melancholy and haunting."
,Recommended,231200,3321407,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Jackson Bollocks,I hereby recommend this game!
,Recommended,231200,31850203,Posted: 19 May,all,AaronAdler,"This is exactly the kind of avant garde ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I always fall for... and I love it. Nouveau point and click 'adventure experience' would be the conglomeration of words I would use to describe it off the cuff. Best recommendation: if you think you might like it,you will. I did."
76561198097307881,Recommended,231200,28925552,Posted: 1 January,all,maxwmoore,"If you don't think video games are an art form, this game will prove you wrong very quickly. KRZ has an extremely immersive story and surreal art and writing style that make it stand out from many other games in the point-and-click adventure/puzzle genre. However, it's probably not for everyone, as the actual gameplay is very simple and repetitive, but if you're looking for an amazing story based game to immerse yourself in, this is definitely worth checking out. (It is a bit expensive though, so maybe get it when it's on sale, that's what I did.)"
,Recommended,231200,26718835,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,costacarolas,"I have NO WORDS to express how much I love this story, this game and this atmosphere. Really looking forward to the final act! The soundtrack is also unforgettable. Pretty please, cardboard computer guys, don't make us wait another two years!"
76561198039298214,Recommended,231200,29392331,Posted: 21 January,all,field_studies,Simply the most magical thing I've ever experienced in the wide world of games.
,Not Recommended,231200,13193843,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Madbat,"Still not finished, but the release of act IV late in 2016 gives some hope this game will eventually get finished. Untill then, despite the fact that I like it, I'm giving it a thumbs down. If you do buy it, get it on sale.I liked the minimalist art, great soundtrack, and the play style was different than what I'm used to, but not in a negative way. There are quite a few surrealistic wtf moments, and loads of cultural references that went way over my head. This is the kind of game to chill out to and think about things.That said, this isn't the game for everybody, read through the reviews. If David Lynch did arcade side scrolling text adventure games, they'd probably be like this."
76561198039168613,Recommended,231200,7367145,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Speedy,"More of an interactive story than an actual game Kentucky Route Zero's point-and-click, text-based adventure theme brings together nostalgia-inducing gameplay and beautiful storytelling. I loved this little game to bits, from the plain but aesthetically pleasing graphics to the winding roads of the Kentucky Route and the small mysteries uncovered in between. It's really compact and short, and I would certainly agree it's overpriced, but if you can get it on sale, you should, since it's a lovely play."
,Recommended,231200,12113651,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,The Mystic Elevator,"This  simple adventure game relates a bizarre and captivating story with great storytelling and a gorgeous and unique art style. It's a gem, the kind of gem that contains an haunting atmosphere and one old hound in a straw hat."
,Recommended,231200,26906710,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Rick Dagless M.D.,The most hypnotizingly beautiful game I have ever experienced. There are very few games I would consider perfect. Maybe five ever. This is one of those games.
76561197991785693,Recommended,231200,34542652,Posted: 27 August,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,Incredible.
,Recommended,231200,34687836,Posted: 2 September,all,Salamicrow,"one of the oddest games I have ever played, sometimes tedious, sometimes perfectly chill. had to get to the end to see what happened to the characters."
,Recommended,231200,1527870,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Malgox,"Intriguing magic realist stuff, with absolutely stunning artwork. I was quite impressed with it, though I was dismayed the first act's  short length."
76561197998962400,Not Recommended,231200,10775369,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Octavius,"the longest ive ever waited for a complete game purchased in early access goes to  ........nvm, 2018 they say act 5 drops. bbl."
,Not Recommended,231200,34819615,Posted: 8 September,all,DJ McTom,"Nice art style.Mostly meaningless abstract storyline with odd interactions with people and places which may or may not really exist.Has almost no gameplay, just click to move around and occasionally pick a dialogue option which does nothing except slightly change the dialogue for that conversation."
76561198061655952,Recommended,231200,34845442,Posted: 9 September,all,Marco,One of the best games I've ever played. A beautiful poem.
76561198043336337,Recommended,231200,35404322,Posted: 1 October,all,grkatz823,Best written game in the history of the medium. Heavily inspired by David Lynch.
