user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,231310,10223803,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"This game is beautiful and i really want to like it.there seemed to be some kind of story and coherency at the beginning, but as far as i know the game has no end and goes on forever, you endlessly explore randomly generated planets (the bad kind of randomly generated i.e empty feeling and seeing the same things on multiple planets) and give them a name once you've found a white orb, why and for what? once you've explored an entire galaxy you just rinse and repeat with a new galaxy. finding those damn orbs on those empty planets with simplistic puzzlesi like art and slow burning exploration games. but in this case i can't help but ask: is there even a point, a goal?and from what i've read on forums there isn't. and if that's the case this game just might be 2avantgarde4me. i heard about some kind of anomaly that you can find though, and i've seen ringed-in stars in the sky, but it's impossible to triangulate their position based on the information you are given. and if finding the anomaly is the point of the game, the journey getting there is too bland and empty for me to want to botheri'm all for mystery, no handholding and a ""the journey is the goal"". but this game just might take those to such an extreme that it comes off as pretentious, farfetched and frustrating, it took me hours to even figure out how the ship worked, (most of that time went to trying to calculate what the numbers on the screens meant, finally understood that they were parsecs, fuel and coords etc) i've read interviews and i know that they wanted the ship to be a mystery and something you have to figure out, but to me, making it a mystery seemed only to serve as a filler to extend gametime and keep you intrested. and understandably so, because learning to operate the ship is more fun than actually exploring the planets. not only because the planets feel empty, but because the cockpit actually is one of the strenghts of the game, it is very detailed and everything you see inside it has meaning and every button does something. which even real simulator games fail to do right, the cockpit in train simulator for instance is just a toy, you can only operate a few essential levers and buttons and the rest is just window dressing. train simulator should learn from mirrormoon's cockpit. it's good.but ultimatly the game suffers the same problems the tv show LOST does, too many questions and too few answers and all filler and frustration inbetween, and the answers you do get are farfetched and/or hamfisted.now you might just think i'm not very patient but there is a difference between slowburners and bad pacing: a slowburner is well thought out; on how it will be percieved by the consumers, what message it wants to deliver and WHAT message it wants to deliver. you can extend running time in a manner that doesn't feel like filler and ask questions and keep the answers away from the consumer without being annoying. take 2001 a space odyssey for example, or the game FRACT OSC. those are good because they have soul, an artistic vision, are well thought out and takes into account how it will be perceived and experienced. And since mirrormoon is randomly generated (at least i think so, otherwise the leveldesign just sucks) there is no thought and structure put into the progression of game. making it feel soulless and empty, mirrormoon's artistic vision is beautiful though, but the progression and gameplay is kind of like fumbling in the dark to find marbles and once you got them all you throw them out on the floor to do the same thing again. now that might sound like some kind of avant garde flashmob act, but is it fun? not to me at least."
,Recommended,231310,7799895,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,walkmandosch,"I'm not going to lie, Mirrormoon was really irritating for me at first. I found myself rushing through the puzzles, jumping from planet to planet, trying desperately to figure things out, and usually with a negative result. But after awhile, I realized that Mirrormoon isn't about fast paced puzzle completion and bare bones ""what you see is what you get"" narrative. It's about discovery and exploration. Its subtlety and sublime beauty is what makes it great. The moment I let myself slowly get pulled into the massive scope of Mirrormoon is the moment things started making sense, and I began to truly appreciate what the game was trying to accomplish."
,Recommended,231310,7757308,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Drake,"A procedrually generated space themed environmental puzzle game with a focus on exploration and navigation. Puzzles are procedurally generated and run the range of obvious and simple to clever and surprising. And sometimes even after the anamoly is solved there will still be things to do and discover on the planet, revealing easter eggs and other surprises. Once an anomaly is solved you get the right to name the star, as players explore the galaxy and solve anomalies the galaxy fills up with the unique signatures of various astronauts. This is a starkly beautiful game, evocative of the Italian underground indie freeware classic Noctis. The visual themes call back to Kubrick and Tarkovsky's work. This game is all about the journey."
76561198020746125,Not Recommended,231310,13397557,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cake,"This game has such a cool atmosphere and style, it's painful to think how good it could have been. Sadly, the puzzles are annoying and unpleasant. A lot of randomly walking around with no idea what to do, and frustrating mechanics.For example, you can't look around, you can only move using WSAD. There's a moon in the sky you can look at to figure out what's going on, the ""MirrorMoon."" Since you can't actually look upwards at the sky, you have to wander around until the curvature of the planet aligns you properly just to see this thing, and then try to memorize where to go before you blindly wander off looking for what to do next. A small task that should take 2 seconds becomes a huge chore. The whole time I was like ""WHY CAN'T I JUST LOOK UP!?!""...I tried to get further in this game and give it a chance, but I couldn't handle it for longer than an hour."
,Not Recommended,231310,12493749,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,mooware,"MirrorMoon EP is definitely an interesting exploration game. I like the visuals and the music, and the ""mystery"" concept is also quite intriguing, but it is so incredibly frustrating and tedious to navigate through the game.While on a planet, I spend most of my time wandering around aimlessly on an almost empty surface. Often there's a big ""map"" in the sky in the form of a moon, but I can't look up at it, I can't look around me, and I can barely see a few feet in front of me.While in space, there is a 3d map of the galaxy, but I can only scroll through the available destinations in a really tedious and error-prone way. There is a somewhat obtuse coordinate system for the planets (mystery!), which I wouldn't really mind, but there's no way to input coordinates or do anything other than scroll through the map.The manual basically says that you have to cooperate with other players to find the end of the game, but from my experience, what they meant to say is that one person will stumble on it by accident and will maybe tell the others on the forum.All in all, I'm trying to like this game, but it's just too frustrating."
,Recommended,231310,15843252,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,"Don't play this game if you expect ""things"", play this game if you like to be alone on a windy night. This game is like that, but in space."
,Recommended,231310,7816811,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,PoopaPapaPalpatine,"It's really hard to recommend this game because it caters to such a specific taste. If you like to explore, I mean, REALLY explore; knowing full well that that your expeditions may not lead up to some uber-awesome, explode-y finish. If you really like the journey more than the destination and can appreciate very sparce---well, everything---this is worth checking out. For me, I love it. It's the closest thing I've ever come across in a game that creates, what I can only assume to be, a religious experience. It's exploration at its purest. If you've not the patience to take in hours upon hours of treking in barren landscapes, occasionally running into something odd and solving puzzles without any direction on how to do it: give this a go."
,Recommended,231310,1436295,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,cqdemal,"It's Proteus. In space. With less (and very different) music. What's not to love*?*Replace ""love"" with ""hate"" if you think Proteus is an abomination of a non-game."
,Not Recommended,231310,13824917,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AlexWrench,"It's hard to rate this sort of thing. If you're anything like me, no negative review is going to stop you from buying, playing, and ultimately being disappointed anyway. I guess there's nothing wrong with that, and I can't say I regret playing this for the short time I did.  It's fun to figure out the ship controls and learn to manipulate the moon artifacts, but once you do the game's pretty much over. The game just doesn't keep up that sense of discovery for very long.You'd probably get more out of any hardcore space sim, or hell, any classic first-person or text-based adventure game like Myst or Zork. But like I said, if you're at all interested in this game, you're probably the kind of guy that won't give up hope until it's too late. So go ahead, buy it, you poor goofball."
76561197996548882,Not Recommended,231310,12933609,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,wmdragon,"[there may be a bit of spoiler in this review] this game felt big and small at the same time. I wanted more from it, so the experience was ultimately unsatisfying. it does a great job of making you feel lost in the immensity space - and just plain lost - and the exercise of figuring out the ship's controls was interesting. the controls themselves, though, felt a bit awkward and limiting, both on board the ship and while on a planet's surface (e.g. a game about space and star mapping, but I cannot look up at the sky when standing on a planet surface? please!) this detracted from the puzzle solving aspect. not that the puzzle aspect was that great. from what I could tell, the game has a pool of puzzle components (tools you gather, alien artifacts, astronomical effects, etc.) which interact with each other in various ways, and each planet is a quasi random arrangement of these components. once you solve a planet's arrangement you are rewarded with the opportunity to name the planet/star system. although the game is about puzzle solving for the sake of puzzle solving, and exploring for the sake of exploring, there is a loose ""final"" goal of identifying, reaching and solving a specific planet (the Anomaly). maybe I got (un)lucky and was able to accomplish this goal fairly quickly, affecting my impression of the game. I only explored about a dozen planets (0% of the galaxy generated for me) when I reached the Anomaly. of those that I did explore, many had trivial solutions, or seemed unsolvable. too few were in the ""happy medium"" between these extremes, with worthy, interesting puzzles.the graphics are minimalistic, eerie and in tune with the openness and emptiness of space, but quickly repetitive, each planet just a barren polygonal ball of some color, with a sun and a some ""random"" landscape features and puzzle artifacts. something as simple as varying textures would have made the experience more appealing. between this visual barrenness and the disappointing puzzle generation, there really isn't much to entice me to return to this universe. maybe those unsolvable planets are actually solvable, and I'm sure there are alien artifacts and puzzle elements I haven't seen yet, but it just doesn't feel enough is there to put up with the long blind search through space. ultimately I expected something like the game Antichamber but in space, with planets and space wonders instead of rooms to solve. it didnt live up to that, although I admire the concept behind this game.(contrary to what I wrote above, I did give the game another try, this time on multiplayer, but the first thing I run into is the game forcing me to play the tutorial again. really? forget it)"
,Recommended,231310,10329366,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,The Wuggly Ump,"I don't know how to do anything and it's amazing. I press a button and something happens. I press another button and nothing happens. Trial and error teaches me to pilot my spaceship. I am on a tiny planetoid. I grab the moon and make an eclipse.I'm being vague and bewildering because this game is vague and bewildering and to explain it, if I could, would be to ruin it. Luckily I can't explain it, except that it's beautiful and strange and it reminds me of trying to figure out old DOS RPGs without a manual when I was eight.If you like explorational puzzle solving this is a game you should buy."
76561198088870092,Recommended,231310,11323110,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ClickerOfCookies,"OK, I bought this game a couple days ago and started by putting a couple hours on it. I made it through Side A (basically the tutorial) and visited a few stars in Side B (the main game). If I had written the review at that point it would have been a fairly negative one. The next day I decided to have another go at it before writing a bad review. My intent was to only play an hour or so... I ended up spending basically the whole day and logged about eight more hours on it, lol. Needless to say, MirrorMoon had really grown on me and I had slowly fallen in love with this game.I think my initial negative reaction was because I was expecting something more of a puzzle game along the lines of Kairo, which MirrorMoon is not. The A Side of the game is definitely a puzzle and there are some nice ""ah-ha"" moments when you first figure out how to do something. The game doesn't do much hand-holding and you're thrown into this mysterious world without even a clue as to what you are even doing. The ""tutorial"" part is only some very brief tips about the basic controls of the game (as in what keys do what). You are left to try to understand everything on your own and it works hugely to the advantage of this title. A huge part of the enjoyment of this game is the mystery of it all. A side note here: if you look an any guides about this game before playing you'll be doing yourself a terrible disservice.In Side B you are left to explore the universe and I think the ""puzzle"" part of the game mostly ends here. Every star you visit will be a variation on the puzzles you've solved on Side A. Some take a few minutes to solve and sometimes the exit it literately right in front of you. You should already know how to solve them though and it becomes simply a matter of doing it. At first I found this tedious and repetitive... then I realized I was looking at this all the wrong way. If you approach each star as a problem to be solved I don't think you're going to enjoy it very much. The better approach is to look at each world as something to explore and experience. Just relax and enjoy the atmosphere (this game tons of it). Once I started looking at it from this point of view I found the game to be quite enjoyable.The good: Simple but nice looking graphics, wonderful soundtrack, very atmospheric and mysterious universe to explore.The bad: Not much variation on the look of the planets or the puzzles to be solved.The ugly: I've had a few crashes. It's always just as I arrive at a star and the game closes without warning. Not a huge issue but it's annoying since it always starts me  back at the star I started from instead of the one I just arrived at. It doesn't happen very often and I'm on the Linux version so it may not affect everyone."
76561198030491464,Not Recommended,231310,13062123,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kibbles0515,"I want to like MirrorMoon.  I really do.  The tutorial is great.  The ""real"" game, however, is less than great.It is supposed to be an art piece, about the journey and whatnot, and I get that.  Most games like that, I enjoy.  But this game gives you so little information about the endgame that it turns into a space exploration simulator where everything start to look the same.  I am still trying to find the ""anomaly"" so I can say I beat this game, and it has turned into a chore.  Finding new planets no longer excites me; the features are all the same.  For 5 bucks, you might be intrigued for a little.  Just don't plan on ""finishing"" MirrorMoon.  You won't.  Buy AntiChamber instead.  It doesn't take place in space, and it is more expensive, but it is just as mysterious, and with just a little tutorial, and I have played it many times."
,Recommended,231310,13205702,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,hawk guy?,"Do you like space? Exploration? Puzzles?If so, this game might be for you. But it might not be.Do you also like really vague goals? What about being dumped into an unfamiliar environment without any intrinsic help? Quiet emptiness? What about all that?To many people the above might be very negative points, but I feel they together paint an interesting narrative.This game doesn’t hold your hand. It refuses to stand in the same room as you. Doesn’t even look in your general direction. Remember that one puzzle near the end of Myst where you were in a cart and had to find your way out by choosing which way to go at every intersection? A different sound effect was played at every intersection, but without some serious trial-and-error there was no way to know that the sound that played corresponded with the direction you were supposed to go in. To solve it without help, not only did you have to somehow connect the sound effect to the direction, but you had to somehow sort out *which* sound effect corresponded to *which* direction. This game is a lot like that puzzle, only the answer isn’t published anywhere and you sure as hell can’t ask your dad for help.I’ve landed on unnamed planets where there is nothing to do at all, the only thing present is the gate to get back on the ship. There are also planets where there are things to see, but no real puzzle to be solved. When there is a puzzle to be solved, it’s back to trial-and-error, but at least you have your prior experiences to go on this time. This game is slowly paced and doesn’t spoonfeed you—sometimes you find some neat stuff on a planet, but sometimes there is nothing. I mean, even that “nothing” planet gets you closer to your goal of “find that anomaly somewhere in the universe” but that isn’t what most people are accustomed to in a game.The minimal sound effects/soundtrack is great, and I find the game itself quite relaxing. The only annoying bit is the “in media res”-type beginning. Just like when you needed help with that Myst puzzle, I suggest you look for help on Steam with guides/forums, as well as looking through youtube videos (or I guess you could just brute force it until something sticks, like those who mapped out that entire puzzle by hand, but that too could take a while). Once you’ve grasped the first tutorial planet, you should have an idea on how the game is played and what you should be looking for."
,Recommended,231310,8180903,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[IN D] RobbinxDeHood,"This is a game about exploration in space.  You awaken in a ship adrift in space with no recollection of how you got there or how to fly the ship.  The galaxy is populated with many places to explore and to name after yourself, if you are the first to find it.  Other players are doing the same thing, trtying to figure out what they are trying to do.  Only through exploring and talking on the forums can you eventually start to figure this thing out, and that is exactly what the creator wanted.  This is a very minimalist first-person game with little to guide you other than subtle clues.  This game isn't for everyone yet I think it has a lot to offer those willing to put aside their assumptions and biases and just relax and take in the Mirror Moon EP for what it is."
76561197971532050,Not Recommended,231310,33076604,Posted: 1 July,all,Conditional Love,"Part of the fun is that the Game Interface/Controls are not explained and nor are the objectives. Haha, great fun. Right? Actually it is. But while that is intriguing for awhile, once I gained a a grip on the game and what I should be trying to do, there is a huge gap between there and then going on to complete the game. Without spoiling anything, the wider universe is randomly generated and it immediately becomes a problem. So you'll just have to keep mashing buttons going to random worlds to uncover what you need, and that isn't exploring - it's tedious.I am giving MirrorMoon a thumbs down, but it's actually a ""meh, try it on sale if this is the kind of game you like."""
76561198044605352,Recommended,231310,8602226,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Think Box,"Abstract, trippy and has a spacy ambient soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,231310,14088203,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Xu,"I hardly write reviews, it's not my thing but I am really frustrated with this game... I thought it would be so fun but, oh, how mistaken I was... It's so annoying and frustrating. You will be walking on a surface of a celestial body in first person, where you can't look up nor down, just forward and to the sides, also you can't see very far too. It's pretty much like the Spore's worlds, but worse because it is empty and in a very smaller scale. There's no tutorial nor explanation of what you have to do. That means you will first be worried if your mouse is working correctly, since you can't look up and down, then you may think that it may be an issue with your gamepad, if it is plugged in. But then you will understand that this is just an annoying limitation for some reason.Without knowing where to go or what to do, you will, eventually, discover that the celestial body up there is actually a map and by ""upgrading"" your, err, ""gravitational gun"" you can drag it around, which will also be a pain since you can't look up you will have to align yourself with it.There's a map and a kind of travel machine that is really, really weird and a pain to use it properly. You will find yourself flipping switches without knowing what you may be doing, as always...In sum, you will be aimless walking on a empty surface doing stuff that you are not sure what nor why.I would not recommend this game to anyone, not even for its art."
,Not Recommended,231310,7903859,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Plato Karamazov,"Mirrormoon's opening level showed enormous promise. It was intricate and mysterious, and solving the first puzzle was extremely satisfying.However, the rest of MM:EP is nowhere near the level of creativity as that first level. The rest of its levels involve visiting only a handful of locations on the moons, and picking up equipment that is only barely necessary. Nothing else is done with the tools at your disposal.I would consider Mirrormoon: EP overall a missed opportunity for what could have been a truly beautiful and brain-wracking experience."
76561197989132185,Recommended,231310,7892736,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,pulp-reduced,"At this moment in time I absolutely love this game. The atmosphere is unique in the best sense of that word. I would recommend everyone to experience MirrorMoon EP in complete silent, turning off the lights and just let the drone music and colour suck you in. To let the game intrigue you in this seemingly simple way, to be fully immersed. Walk around, search the desolate lands of these planets, find the artifacts of lost civilizations. Just something as simple as getting to name your own planet feels oddly satisfying after drifting around for some time. The enjoyment of claiming something in this vast universe as your own, to give yourself a place in the cosmos. Even though your planet is one in the crowd, lost in the mist, it's still something you which bares your name. Much like this review. Funny how things are sometimes.If you decide to buy this game you should definitely take a look at the guide to know how to navigate the control panel just to get you started, perhaps take a look at a quick youtube video to see how other people use their newly found planet-manipulating tools. This game will satisfy you when you get the hang of things, I am still waiting for it to get old, which I'm sure it will, but until then I am having a fantastic time. This is a game you can play in the background of any work you're doing, that you can play whilst writing a review. You embark on a journey, tab down and stay in the mood of the game with the music until you hear the sound of landing?/reaching your destination that is met by a childlike curiosity although many of the planets look somewhat similar. I need to play this game more and so should anyone even remotely interested in the concept that is this awesome game. Go get them, girl!"
76561198003920277,Not Recommended,231310,21957026,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,iangoth,"When I started writing this review, I was on the fence about whether to recommend it or not. After reading my own thoughts on the game, I realized they were mostly negative. I will say that the game did keep me playing for 10 hours (enough for me to finish it and all achievements), and I don't regret purchasing it for $10. The game is unique, atmospheric and in a way, meditative, but in the end, there's just not that much there. It feels like the designer confused artsiness with actual content and gameplay depth.I purchased Mirrormoon expecting a puzzle game, but there are really only two puzzles (three, if you count finding the ""anomaly"", which is the endgame condition). The first is the ""Side A"" section of the game, and although it is very enjoyable, it only lasts about 30 minutes. The second is figuring out the ship's controls, which again, is a short, one-time puzzle. The rest of the game--""Side B""--has you exploring a procedurally-generated galaxy, with planets similar to the one from Side A. The thing is, they all use just a subset of Side A mechanics without building on them at all, so you're really just going through the motions over and over. You'll never encounter a more interesting puzzle than the first, or even one you don't know how to solve already.Weak as the puzzles are, I think it's clear the game is really intended to be about exploration. In many ways, the game does this well. When you start Side B, you are put into the current ""Season,"" which is a finite, procedurally-generated galaxy shared with other players. When you're the first to solve a star, you get to name it, and all future players will see that name. In your search for the ""anomaly"" (vaguely hinted at in the starting text for Side B), you may even find that others have helpfully labeled important stars. The game captures thefeelof deep space very well. But again, the downfall of the game is, you've seen nearly everything in Side A. The planets vary in color scheme and in the 3-4 structures strewn across the surface, but that's basically it. You can spend an hour hopping from planet to planet, and the payoff is... you see a handful of colored posts on one of them, or a lone chair. The most interesting find you can make would beone of the observatory planets, but those are rare and don't justifly the effort needed to find one.I guess after all that, the question is why I was willing to keep playing for 10 hours. I did find exploration somewhat meditative, and I suppose I did enjoy being the first to visit a planet, naming it and in a sense claiming ownership of it. More than anything, I suppose it was stubbornness and desire to see the ending. I was probablyentertainedfor about 2 of those hours, relaxed for 3-4 of them, and frustrated, annoyed, or bored for the rest of the time."
,Recommended,231310,7920101,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,MailOrderPotato,"A beautiful tale of nothing! This game drops you into a mysterious world with not even an arrow pointing you where to go. From the Spaceship which is a mystery in itself you are left venturing the atmosphere in lonely mystery, nothing is handed to you and for that this game is brilliant, you are forced to think on your feet both logically and clever. I would recommend this to those with great patience and a determination to solve the mysteries that lie ahead"
,Recommended,231310,9783460,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,armaankhan,"It's best to approach this game as a maze game, more than anything else—a maze without walls. The objective is to find a specific planet which has an ""anomaly"" on it, and the only way to do that is to land on random planets and see what's on them. Every planet has a puzzle but, to be honest, they're completely optional. Being the first person to solve a randomly-generated puzzle will let you name the planet, but otherwise there is no real reward. If you wanted to, you could just land on a planet, look around, and then take off and go somewhere else.That might sound boring to some, but I love it. Mirror Moon is a great game to simply roam around in and explore the universe. I'd describe it as Proteus in space, and I hope we see more games like this in the future."
76561198051889078,Recommended,231310,26644061,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dingus,"I should first explain what this game is not: it isn't a space exploration game in the vein of Noctis IV, a deep puzzler, or a game with a cohesive thought-provoking narrative. What it is ends up being is slightly hard to define, and that's likely why I find it so exceptional. It creates a sense of isolation and furthermore a comfort in that isolation that I have not found in any other game. If your approach to this game is minimize the window while I wait for the next tidbit of gameplay, then you won't find much in it. The lovely visuals and sound may be worth the price of entry but you're more likely to feel disappointed. The game asks a lot of questions and answers few of them. Again this will be a major turn-off if you were wanting for this massive universe to neatly wrap itself up. It won't.These grievances ultimately end up fueling what I found so spectacular about MirrorMoon EP (the EP in the name evokes the feeling of the game, of putting on a record that will require flipping before you'd have enough time to fully lose yourself in it). In the transit between planets, you can turn off, one by one, the indicators and lights and displays of your sparse ship (close your eyes if you like, its all the same really) and for a moment be blanketed by its serene emptiness before heading down to another absurd and wonderfully bleak and unexplained planet to wander about as you solve its puzzles until you find yourself back in your vessel. You can then chart a course to your next destination and repeat, or maybe sit for a little while and then close out of the game. When playing the game this way, I've found that feeling: of being alone but not lonely, being in an isolation that is comforting instead of claustrophobic, in a way that I have not encountered in any other game. It's like reading through Calvino's Cosmicomics in one sitting; feeling the emptiness that comes with existing from the beginning of the universe until its end, yet being content in that emptiness. If that sounds appealing to you, here is where you may find it."
76561198049095225,Not Recommended,231310,12160781,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,fishorbit,"Saying 'yes' or 'no' to whether I recommend this game somewhat misses the point. It is a world to be immersed in. Unfortunately, rather a great deal of it is boring, simply walking around desolate planets with hardly anything on. And I don't see that it does anything that hasn't been done before. See, for example, Increpare's game 'Cities of Day and Night', available for free from his website. As for the creators of this game (an interview with them can be read at:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2013/10/16/the-blind-night-discovering-mirrormoon-ep/), I don't think they're as clever as they would like to think they are. For instance, getting rid of the ability to look up and down is not an innovation, but a nuisance, since as a result one can only see the 'mirror moon' - effectively a map used to help solve puzzles - from very particular angles, which makes solving puzzles difficult, and often ends up in rather tediously walking about in the hope of coming across something. Furthermore, the loading times of levels can be a matter of minutes - and since lots of the moons/planets have so little on them, one wonders why one has bothered. Still further, there isn't really an 'end' to the game, and so any feeling of progression is missing. The game does at least bring up the question of why one would want to explore space if it was so boring.A far better explorational puzzle-solving game is 'Kairo', which is also far better on story (though it's told in an extremely oblique manner). What value this game essentially has is in showing people that, after a while, less is no longer more."
76561198071755562,Recommended,231310,9495210,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Lil' Chew Chew,"Quite the abstract if you ask me. Yet, I feel this game is an expression of art, and represents an out-of-earth-adventure. Yet, I recomend this for the player willing to see art in one of its finest forms"
,Recommended,231310,32540817,Posted: 18 June,all,BunnieNoiz,"[MirrorMoon EP]No instructions, but that makes this particular game more fun!Great art and landscapes / skyscapesAwesome musicThis game is a ‘take your time’ game and not fast-paced.Focus: Exploration & DiscoveryIf you don’t understand how to do something, there are always Steam Guides to help you!"
,Recommended,231310,8017186,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Myk,"In the age where narrated tutorials are pretty much mandatory, this game is very refreshing. If you're in the mood for something completely familiar game-mechanics wise, this definitely is not for you.However, if you like figuring things out on your own and don't mind taking your time, you should get this game. There are no explanations, you have to just figure everything out (and when you begin to do it, you realise it's not as hard as you thought it is). You're told the basic controls and then you're on your own.It's a rewarding experience that adds replay value in a much more organic way than ""some games these days"" do it."
,Not Recommended,231310,12275085,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Lugoffo,"Sadly, I can't recommend this game unless you like this very specific kind of game.The game is about exploration, you have no ""goal"". Each place you go to offers you a puzzle to solve. I had lots of trouble figuring out what to do and had to resort to looking at a guide several times, but if you enjoy exploing features then you'll probably enjoy it more than I did. I felt more like I was just pushing buttons to see what happened but never really saw a correlation between action and consequence.The art looks cool and the games changes the environment around in interesting ways. It did, however, feel like the planets didn't offer much variation as I was fumbling in the dark."
76561198063203203,Recommended,231310,12395730,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Orange Volta,"So far, this game looks like it's going to be one of my favorite games of all time. However, I cannot say that it's perfect or spectacular without a lot of bias. This game happens to have just about everything I love in a game, so of course I really, REALLY like it, but it is not without faults.The reason why I like this game so much probably has to do with my favorite attributes to have in a video game. They would be: exploration, puzzles, atmosphere, huge size (why I like games that use procedural generation so much, which this game has) and space.So, what's good about this game:-Very atmospheric. This game is so relaxing and calm, while also keeping that mysterious air. The 'artifacts' are all interesting to look at, and the isolated feeling this game brings is just niiiiice.-Quite a bit of exploration. Each planet is unique, with lots of different artifacts to find.-Interesting puzzle mechanics. I've never seen a game with mechanics quite like this one.-Nice aesthetic. The colorful minimalist style is just really enjoyable to look at.-Basically infinite puzzles to solve.-The search for the 'Anomaly' as it's called, is really nice incentive. The very existence of the Anomaly gives this game a lot more purpose than it would have had otherwise.What's not so good-Not friendly to people just starting out; not much explanation is given as to what to do. The mechanics and stuff aren't too confusing, and one could figure out what to do by going on the Mirrormoon EP forum on Steam, but this is still quite a problem.-If exploration isn't your thing, you probably won't like this game much, unless you really enjoy the puzzles. The main appeal of this game is split between the exploration/atmosphere (I'm lumping the two together) and the puzzles.-The puzzles are a strange mix of confusingly abstract, and too straightforward. The tutorial puzzle and the anomaly both show just how amazing the puzzles in this game can be (and there are multiple anomalies, so don't worry about there only being two really good puzzles), but then the rest of the puzzles are kind of simple. I tend to be really good at puzzle games, so I encounter this problem to some extent in most puzzle games, but this one feels like it would be a little on the easy side even to someone who wasn't good at puzzlers. Maybe that's a good thing(?) but honestly, trying to say it's a good thing, when it is clearly a turn off for those looking for a mind bending puzzle experience, would be outright lying,-I have heard of people despising the art style. Not going to lie, I think this is a stupid argument, because if you hate the art style THAT much, then you can see from the screen shots that the game won't be for you, but I can agree the art style is somewhat hit or miss. Most people I know like it, and think it looks pretty nice, but there are definitely those that hate it.So, of course, I recommend this game. However, I have to point out flaws to be fair.P.S. I've heard this game called 'pretentious' and 'a walking simulator' before, a few times. I think both comments are completely off base, as this game isn't pretentious at all, and calling it a walking simulator totally ignores the puzzles, you know, the main point of the game."
,Recommended,231310,10259578,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tsar Tzeentch,"You start the game at a mysterious control panel in space. Red buttons are scattered around in front of you. Some of them have obvious functions - turning on displays and interacting with the map - you'll slowly discover the functions of the rest. A disk in front of you has two sides, A and B. A takes you to a tutorial level, B takes you anywhere in the game's universe, which is shared and discovered collectively by you and other players.The game has good, consistent art style and top-tier music that harmonizes well with it. It's really slow-paced and relaxing. I have a lot of fun just exploring."
,Recommended,231310,7589243,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,World Peace,"Smoke a nice boogie and blast off to a distant planet where you learn the basics of space. What game has roating Triangles, what has the abilty to move a planet, What game has that ""im Confussed but its still fun feelin"", you got it, this game.seven moons out of 10."
,Recommended,231310,9072703,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shootie Cutie™,"This is the most confusing,♥♥♥♥♥backwards, game I've ever played. I love it."
76561197998273009,Recommended,231310,8262249,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sleeping Yeti,"Is it space that I'm exploring in this game, or something else? Something touching on the metaphysical?If (like me) you are the kind of person who is willing to pay money for something of which you think ""good or bad, this should be interesting"", then I can wholeheartedly recommend this game for the opening level alone. Messing around in the spacecraft is good too, so try that as well. It makes space feel simultaneously agoraphobic and claustrophobic.For better or worse, this is a game that tries to give its player something that they could not have looked for. It therefore does not try to be ""fun"" per se. This is pure exploration of the utter unkown. You are told nothing but the title, and what's out there is up to you not only to find but to interpret. If you want a game that explains itself to you and lets you get busy having fun, this is not it. If you are in the mood for a game that is itself a puzzle and a mystery, get this now.I don't know whether I will ever launch this game again, but I found the experience powerful and haunting."
,Recommended,231310,8505190,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,serpentdav,"very good game for astronomers, sailors, and people who enjoy star charts and galactic travel and weird planets with ghost artifactsit has the multiplayer mechanics of noby noby boy, with the aesthetic of a soft grunge star trek mission for oneit was completely worth it to name a planet BUGFKR"
,Not Recommended,231310,20876218,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,kromeboy,"I don't know if is how the game is supposed to work or if I am a actually got lucky but I have reached the endgame in about 2hr and less then 10 planet visited.The game is basically a series of not intuitive puzzle and a complex to figure out spaceship control to move from one puzzle/planet to the other.I was expecting something more like Noctis: a lo-fi procedural generated galaxy exploration game. This game have probably some elements of procedural generation but the planets are basically small balls without nothing but some buildings used for the puzzle, and they look all very similar."
76561197978820749,Recommended,231310,13931127,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,railslavegames,"This game realy inspires me.I love the sense of mystery around it, at the same time it frustrates the hell out of me.You just keep going, walking by faith that there is some big secret somewhere , and youl be a the first to find it, then name it.The music is very beautiful and some of the graphical combinations you come across can be realy pretty.The only downside is, some planets are too easy, and some are seemingly impossible to unlock/name.Its also frustrating knowing its by faith you carry on, not being 100% sure of anything. At the same time, thats what makes it so good."
,Recommended,231310,13473607,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,mathead,"I've player this game for about an hour and I can already say that I love it. I understand how many people find it annoying or think it's not a real game, but artsy-farty rubbish, but that's not what I feel it is.First of all, the graphics are amazingly different from any other graphics I've seen in any other game. They're neither hi-fi like most 3D-games nowadays nor lo-fi like, for example, antichamber. They remind me of a game site called Venus Patrol and I've always loved their design. The music reminds me of early islandic electro band mûm. The athmosphere alone is fantastic and alienating, maybe like the first Metroid game, but in a different, more subtle way.Now, the game itself made me feel like a lab monkey that was submitted to a complex intelligence test. Where am I? What is all this? What shall I do. There is no reference to anything that could help me solve any of these questions, and, as a curious little labrat, I start pressing levers, turning knobs until Ifind myself on the surface of something, wielding something and advancing towards something.If you need action and easy clues, the game is definitely not for you. If you love a weird-but-soothing athmosphere, uncommon puzzles  and intersting graphics: give it a go. I really didn't regret it!"
,Recommended,231310,7789430,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gorilla,Amazingly fun game. Great depth to the gameplay.
,Recommended,231310,8445579,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SidFishious,Mindblaster
,Recommended,231310,7793844,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gummy Gums,"I've only just completed what i assume is the first section, and its already taken me away. this is a stunning game that everyone should pick up, it is absolutely fantastic. excuse me now while i continue playing :)"
,Recommended,231310,11042551,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Eric,"I was excited by the solid style that this game seems to radiate from every screen shot and marketing image, but what really sold me was the engaging and addicting exploration. I became a space traveler... I learned to navigate the stars through trial and error. Space became meaningful to me. I am now an experienced astronomical navigator. Even making simple pit stops to check out an unnamed star system, that I knew wasn't a destination I was looking for, was really satisfying.Yes, it's a little slow paced, it requires a little patience, but it rewards you for your curiosity. This game is serious fun, and incredibly beautiful! I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,231310,6667446,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Esmerelda,"At first it's confusing and you have no idea what you're doing, but you slowly warm up to the game and when you finally figure something out it's like christmas in whatever month you're in!"
,Recommended,231310,8419607,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,nikku_neko,"beautiful.  another wonderful proof-of-concept for videogames as art.  though the game thrusts the player into a confusing universe without handholding directions every few seconds, i found myself immediately driven to understand it- and understand it entirely of my own volition.  too often, i fall into the trap of ""i'm lost; time to look up a guide online.""  here, however, i feel compelled to learn by DOING.  every switch in the cockpit has a very visceral look and feel; every tiny pixellated detail on the planet exudes a simple beauty.  the game is not about goals so much as it is about the process of exploration.  i may never find the solution to ""side b"" of my game, and that's ok.  just living in the universe 'mirror moon' sets out for me makes it all worth the time."
76561198030414441,Recommended,231310,9021679,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ralgaoud,"Ok let me have a go at this. You're on a moon, with another moon oribiting you. Actually, the orbiting moon is a mirror of the moon you're on an you can see yourself on it. In fact, you can get a gravity gun and move the moon in the sky, in essence moving the moon you're on. You're trying to build a bridge between the two moons, so you can meet yourself (I guess); paradoxes be damned.In gameplay terms, the game consists of two major puzzles (beginning and end) with space navigation in between to find the correct planet to end the game. The game has ""seasons"" where a blank starmap is commenced and gamers ""name"" stars in an effort to help each other find the end planet. However in reality the navigation map is not very useful as it is quite huge and translating observations to the map is not easy, you'll end up mostly randomly hopping planets with the hope that you stumble upon the correct one. The game doesn't tell you much, but with a few trial and error, you'll figure out what to do."
,Recommended,231310,8862026,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Orgel Seira,"This isn't just a small curiosity, although it looks and sound amazing enough to carry it, there's so much more. This game has a wonderful sense of adventure, or maybe""expedition""would be a better word. You move through countless planets in a search for an anomaly, some planets already explored by other players, some left to be claimed and named by you. It's hard to step away, once you get on a trail. You know it's out there, you don't know how to get there, but you're always exploring and trying to learn more about the galaxy. The game isn't hard, it's not obvious what your goal is and it requires patience, but the actual puzzles are basically navigation challenges, the whole game is one big navigation challenge, consisting of many smaller ones. Although consider that only 1.6% of players have completed the game.If you're feeling lost, here's a small hint:Find a planet, that has a circled planet in the sky, then find a planet with an observatory, that shows constellations in the sky."
76561198055083985,Recommended,231310,8473099,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,feris.sera,"It's... beautiful, but I have no idea what is going on. I don't know where I am, how to progress, or how to describe things. I don't even know if I like the game, or am so frustrated with the alien feel as to never want to play it again.Okay, kidding. I do know I like it. It's just very frustrating.A side note: for those that get motion sickness with FPS perspective games, that is not an issue for this particular release. I get very nauseated, very quickly with the first person camera on most games, but have not had any hint of that happening here. I think it may be due to the horizon height that was used."
,Recommended,231310,8236082,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,aendrew,"A weird, hauntingly-beautiful game. You walk around on minimalistic planets, collecting various tools that activate bits of each planet's puzzle. It's simplistic and minimalistic, but a pretty cool chill-out game.My one complaint would be that the multiplayer ""name a planet"" aspect is kind of lost if arriving at it as late as I did, and it can take a long time to find the exit to each ""episode"". Also, the puzzles are often rather similar, most involve rotating the moon in some manner, or chasing a trail of markers.Definitely worthwhile if on sale and you like weird indie games, possibly less-so if not or you don't."
,Recommended,231310,9077149,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Eidolonai,"I recommend reading this review if you are having a hard time trying to decide on your purchase; and i say this because i went through the same struggle. However, after looking at this game for merely a week, i decided to take it and i can tell you this: MirrorMoon EP is confusing, lonely, and can sometimes feel empty. Though, as these may seem like the games downfall, they soon become lost in MirrorMoon's sense of vast exploration, chilling atmosphere, and the many amazing sights you will see along your travels. At times the game pits you on empty planets and the so called 'puzzle' you are required to accomplish leaves you feeling pointless [Yes, this does feel like a lazy develop meant by the team]. Nevertheless, MM does a great job of making these some what lazy planets as not being forced onto the player, and after spending the 2 or so minutes on the planet, you simply move onto the next; knowing you'll find a greater puzzle and sight. To sum it up, MM takes you to a vast galaxy that holds many wonders to see and explore. The puzzles were not my focus of this game and at times i even forgot this was meant to be a puzzle game so if this part of the game interests you, i would not recommend it. Although, if you are looking for a highly atmospheric exploration game, with a lot to offer, then MirrorMoon EP is your thing."
,Recommended,231310,8577348,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HOWDOITURNCAPSLOCKOFF,"So remember the 'Cosmos' series, and that trippy 'ship of the imagination' Carl Sagan flew you around in, powered by Vangelis music and Carl's own sense of self-satisfaction? Imagine it was your job to sit on that weird polygonal bridge and figure out how to navigate it through interstellar space. But once you arrive at your destination, instead of learning about natural selection or whatever, you find yourself on a planetoid the Petit Prince would feel comfortable on, armed with an enormous glass laser-pointer, which you use to help you find your way between translucent structures that hold the key to progressing through the game, insomuch as there is a game through which to progress.MirrorMoon EP isn't about completion, it's about the mystery and wonder of exploration. It's ethereal, ponderous, and oddly engaging. It's Kerbal Space Program without the math or physics or sense of humor.  If you're looking for a mellow, atmospheric way to spend a rainy evening, which may haunt you for weeks to come, MirrorMoon EP is a great way to go."
76561197966588280,Recommended,231310,9155988,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Stampini,An epic psychedelic adventure without textures but with an oldschool videogame taste.
76561197992978800,Recommended,231310,8776820,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rudus,Navigating in 3d space !
,Recommended,231310,9169397,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Breadfish,"I just can't praise this game enough. I bought it, expecting a good puzzler, but man, the atmosphere, the complete mystery, the mind bending mechanics, the idea, and pretty much everything about this game is purely genius. Definitely the most underrated game I've ever played. If you're willing to try something new and disregard foolish metascores, please purchase this game without thinking twice."
,Recommended,231310,8363016,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,clomby,"If you enjoy exploring the unknown or are in the mood for space exploration, dont listen to the negative reviews too much, It's a really fun and interesting game.Props to Santa Ragione for taking a risk with this unique game"
,Recommended,231310,10237018,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,This is a puzzle game which is bizarre and weird and completely great. One of those games that can get away with not telling you a thing and letting you figure it out totally by yourself.
,Recommended,231310,10778120,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Locally Grown Jiggs,"The atmosphere is haunting and serene at the same time. After about an hour in the game, I just want to continue getting lost in Mirrormoon's universe."
,Recommended,231310,8825171,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Envarh,"Haunting and lovely, Mirrormoon is well worth your time."
,Recommended,231310,29148806,Posted: 9 January,all,disco,"It's too bad steam doesn't have a 'shrug' hand gesture, because recommending this game is entirely about what sort of things you enjoy. Just take a look at the screen shots and ask yourself if ""artst fartsy"" is your thing (the movie ""Beneath the Skin"" and ""Beyond the Black Rainbow"" come to mind). Combine that with some 'no hand holding' puzzle solving and if you're still with it, then this game is really worth checking out.It doesn't crash, runs great and the controls work perfectly for what they need to do. So the quality and care are there, and with the originality it brings, it earns itself a positive review.A quick note after looking at some other reviews:I can see why this game gets mixed reviews, because quite a few things feel antiquated and backwards, where the mouse controls a moon that at first seems like a map and the keys are ol skool wolvstine feeling. But stick with it. I said the controls worked well for what the game was aiming for because there are reasons, including how the moon might ""seem"" like a map at first."
76561197976631706,Recommended,231310,10886841,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Chok Vani,The minimalistic graphics and atmosphere are fantastic...but after three hours of playing I still don't know what I'm doing. If you are looking for calmness and relaxation this is your game.
,Not Recommended,231310,21983393,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Lum,"alright, so this sucked.if you already know the main mechanic of the game (the mirrormoon) please note that there are no mouse controls.if you don't, there's a sort of minimap in the sky that you can consult and is necessary to solve any puzzle.except you can only consult this godly minimap when looking across the curvature of whichever planet you're on.also note that the ship controls are confusing (""what the hell does this button do?"") and there's no real tutorial (""WHAT THE HELL DOES THIS BUTTON DO?"").imagine going to a foreign country in which you don't speak the language and there's nobody there, so you have to follow signs that you don't understand and use systems that aren't familiar to you to accomplish a goal that's not really clear beyond ""explore"".tl;dr don't buy. it's kinda gross.if you want space + explore, save up and buy elite:dangerousif you want puzzles, buy antichamber (also no tutorial, but that's a more fitting use of the ""I'm lost"" feeling)if you really really want this game, have read the reviews, and accept this for its shortcomings, go ahead. but do not buy it for full price."
,Recommended,231310,30230619,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,"A very strange game indeed. Yep, it's weird, Yep, there's no instructions. But I enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,231310,23576988,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,VanCleef,"Such an interesting and very well designed experience. Do not buy it if you are expecting a conventional game, or just wait for Steam sales.SPOILER:Main inspiration for ""No Man's Sky""?"
,Recommended,231310,8449051,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OP,"I'm only 1 hour into this game and I love it. It's a total mind screw, dream like, star exploring puzzle thing. I can hardly explain what I felt when I looked up in the sky and finally realized what I was looking at. It was amazing. This game takes you to far off planets and fill you with wonder. I feel like a child looking at something new.***EDIT: Well, the above is true for the very first level. After that, there's really not much of a game to speak of. I really wish there were more planets with puzzles as intriquing as that first one. Some planets don't even have puzzles at all! Very much a let down. I still like the idea, but, well, there's not much in the way of puzzles to solve."
,Not Recommended,231310,26592180,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Retired? | Kernel,"4/10. I don't ""get"" this game. I tried, very hard, to find the gameplay or experience in it. And if it's purely artistic, it wasn't entertaining or very pleasing. This is a mess."
76561198110012916,Recommended,231310,8851723,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,grimrist,Want to play a game that's ♥♥♥♥ing Genius and that you have no idea what to expect?Here you go.
,Recommended,231310,8980578,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,-||cherohala||-,"A lot of things out there try to fit into some category....MirrorMoon doesn't really fit into any of them, and it's unsettling. Upon entering the game I had no idea what anything was, what anything did, where I was, what I was doing, or why I could magically control a moon in the sky which was at the same time the moon I was also standing on (and I still don't know lol). It's unsettling in a really good way.I guess it might be somewhat of a puzzle and exploration game, but it quietly walks past most of the ""hallmarks"" of those categories and it might be more apt to describe it as an experience game, simply put. People who want some kind of clear focus and interaction might not find what they're looking for here. It's been compared to the game Antichamber (although I've never played it) and Dream to some extent, and those connections make sense in certain ways.Playing this game reminds me a lot of the feeling of listening to some 15 minute long ambient drone music, enjoying the subtle patterns and tones. Or of the feeling of watching a film, such as the Koyaanisqatsi trilogy, where the mind gets lost in the images/music and moves outside of itself. There isn't a definite purpose to the game, it's open ended and mysterious and technically never-ending via the seasons system. I feel like maybe all of that somehow mirrors some essential truth about real life. Either way, it's a real keeper."
76561198051620340,Recommended,231310,7975367,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Suspicious Milkman,"I cant even descirbe it, but I love it."
,Recommended,231310,8896871,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lesser Matryoshka,"I play this when my girlfriend is sitting too close for me to use my mouse, because the only other game I have that doesn't use the mouse is The Binding of Isaac and Marathon."
,Recommended,231310,9125288,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,eQ,"I had no idea what I was getting into. You too should not.If you like space, exploration or even better both (and have a bit of patience and time, get this game.P.S. This is a game. No matter what the 12 year olds and the illiterate are saying, you PLAY this, it's far from (just) an art exhibition."
76561198013865579,Recommended,231310,10427376,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,nilen435,"I liked the general feel and atmosphere of the game, but disliked the limitations of the controls and that all planet puzzels where only smaller variations of the first one. This is not a game for everyone but I liked feeling like an explorer finding new starsystems and naming them In a desolate and empty world."
76561197993995997,Recommended,231310,8966914,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,bunnyfrog the verdant,"Being a marginal fan of games that possess no instructions and require a certain amount of trial and error, this is a perfect game. To your average <12 COD, FIFA etc. addict, you probably will want to play this game to expand your mind to the possibilities of a game not only without words, but a game that allows you to name stars by being the first clever clogs to unlock whatever it is you are supposed to do. There are only a handful of mechanics involved in the puzzles, but dozens of combinations, meaning that every planet(moon?)fall is a scramble of wits to ascertain that locations own unique set of rules.In summary: MirrorMoon is a bit different to nearly everything else and is well worth getting when it is cheap."
,Not Recommended,231310,24562799,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SuperChiantos,"This game is very atmospheric and beautiful, but I feel like it is very short.You feel really lost in the universe, which is good, but once you've figured out the mechanics, the game doesn't have much more to give.Still, it's really enjoyable and it is a good game, but I wouldn't recommend it for 10€, but if you're wondering if you should buy it on sale, I would say go for it."
,Recommended,231310,9115657,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Xepher Corvidae,"Great game, not everyones type tho, very unique gameplay. love to see more!"
,Recommended,231310,11394868,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,XSheldon,"This game is amazing, but it will make you hate it A LOT for a good while (therefore the bad reviews, mostly from haters), until you figure out how it works and what you are supposed to do.But when you eventually figure everything out, you'll feel so pleased about yourself that you'll forgive the game for the first hour of desperation that it brough to you.Enjoy."
,Recommended,231310,11124212,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,L0uwii,"Absolutely fantastic. I have played hours of this game on my Fire TV, and I just found out it was on Steam as well. This is an atmospheric first-person puzzler that perfectly emulates a genuine sense of lonely, aimless exploration through space. To access this however, you have to figure out the cryptic controls of your spacecraft and the mysterious objects you find on planet surfaces."
,Recommended,231310,10510970,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Merm,My brain hurts
,Recommended,231310,7847634,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Crash Dummie,♥♥♥♥♥is dope.
,Recommended,231310,8710121,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dclyde,Made a bridge between planets.
,Recommended,231310,8979886,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,FleiBoy3,"First, I was like, ""hm?"". Then I was like, ""WHA?!"" Then I totally became like, ""WHOA!"" Play it."
76561197987889832,Recommended,231310,10100799,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,lizardprime,"well I really wanted this game to be good, I really really did cos I loved solaris. but come on..."
,Recommended,231310,9059532,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Retep_Osranug,"This game is fairly intersting, and although it took me a few minutes to figure out how to use the controls, it's not that bad."
76561198064052830,Not Recommended,231310,9038413,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Danger_Meyrick,"Tedious, shallow, eye-aching crud. A normal title screen would be a good start. Completing a so-called 'puzzle' leaves you with zero satisfaction due to the absolute lack of any known parimeters. Without all its indie-design, Mirror Moon EP is suitable perhaps for people who want to click & press buttons mindless until a small thing happens; at which point the following test will be to click something else at random. I thought I would enjoy the aesthetics of this game at least, which is why I got it, but it is incredibly limited. Mirron Moon EP is art-for-arts sake and perhaps only suitable for those who enjoy collecting indie games, because this is certainly not one for gamers or even someone looking for something different or intelligent."
,Recommended,231310,10650074,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vox Maro,???????????????
76561198074531553,Not Recommended,231310,31071095,Posted: 10 April,all,Queen Squishy,"I /really/ want to like this game, and I did at first. It was certainly different than anything else I'd played, but the controls and lack of a proper tutorial are a nightmare. I have no idea what anything on my 'spaceship[???]' actually does, and barely an idea of what these puzzles are and why I'm solving them. Are they ruins, are they holograms, am I activating something, I don't know! Visually speaking, it's beautiful, and I love the music. But I'm totally lost, and not in the fun way."
,Recommended,231310,24078481,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,spacearchaeology,"I can see why this game has received mixed reviews. On the plus side, it's visually excitingly minimalist and has a unique concept (that includes discovering weird structures on unexplored planets, which I love).On the negative side: the interstellar travel and surface movement constraints built into the game aren't paid off with particularly interesting, differentiated or challenging puzzles.Recommended if this sounds like something you'd like to experience."
,Recommended,231310,12848245,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MostlySilent,"This game is based on exploration, and traversing through space. It has a great style; but if you dont know what to do you are pretty much stuck on the spaceship menu thing. Not much besides the controls are explianed to you, as you learn through exploring the various planets."
,Recommended,231310,13085963,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,K L A X [OW:Klax#11288],"MirrorMoon EP is not a game that will hold your hand. You will not often be rewarded with feedback. You will feel frustrated and lost. You will think you are right, and then be proved wrong. I would not have it any other way.This game is about searching, failing, and floundering for understanding. If you give up easily, this isn't the game for you. The less you know when you begin, the more profound your journey will be.Seek the anomaly."
,Not Recommended,231310,8566788,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,apfoss,"Very beautiful, strange game. Would not recommend if you're not into art-like exploratory games. Invoke the joy of traveling through space, all alone in the middle of massive amounts of empty deep space. Or not."
,Not Recommended,231310,9018271,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ChuckleBags,"When I first learned of this game I was very intrigued and looked forward to it. Mirror Moon is an abstract game with all the implictations of that abstraction. There are no instructions and results of randomly clicking around the interface do very little to help you understand how the game is actually experienced. Tie that to a control scheme that is unfriendly to mouse users and this game is difficult to recommend. There is no means of looking up or down; this is extremely frustrating when trying to determine your location.The game indicates that other planets are named by other players which makes this by definition an MMO game. No game that calls itself ""single-player"" should require a new player to seek out videos, forums, or other player assistance just to learn how to play it.After more than two hours of play and the game is still obtuse and inscrutable, it becomes nothing more than an exercise in frustration. Cannot recommend until the game designers make it more friendly to new players."
,Recommended,231310,11603119,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,tanukihat,"If statistics are true, you were probably born in the 80's or 90's with parents, teachers, and counsellors all telling you that you're a special little snowflake and you're a genius.  Well they're all wrong.  You're not a genius, you're a babbling idiot, and this game will prove it.  This game will make you feel so dumb that a child's wooden block toy is beyond your comprehension.  10/10."
76561198022677710,Recommended,231310,12798297,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,shuttlechief,beautiful environment to start with.  the challenge is mostly figuring out how the game works.  which is my favorite feature.  I still can't figure out how to finish it though.  so I'll give it a 7/10 realisticaly but 9/10 personally.  because of the challenge.
,Recommended,231310,16298113,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ϻ.,I still can't believe how wonderous this game is.
,Recommended,231310,8241809,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Interloper,amazing and that is all that is needed to be said
76561198023891248,Not Recommended,231310,9498033,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Guilt Clause,"...I don't get it. I'm sorry. I tried really hard to understand this game, and I've spent a lot of time going around on the internet trying to figure out more about it, and I've gotten the hang of all of the controls, but I just don't get it. I can only wonder if there's really a point to the whole thing, or if this is some kind of hoax. If there's a point when everything in this game starts to feel rewarding and intriguing, I haven't found it yet, and I'm too discouraged to try it any further.TL;DR: You might like this but you'd better have a lot of patience on hand."
,Not Recommended,231310,21797864,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,nickpanoff,"Strange. Difficult and not pleasant for me.Like a bad Minecraft, where you dont understand what's going on"
,Recommended,231310,13899747,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ZeLilFish,"This game basically consists of two parts:(a) Travelling through space by pushing buttons and inserting Amstrad CPC discs in a device called Multivac EP3.(b) Exploring planets, which is sort of a trippy SF version of the desert scene in Wayne's World 2 (lacking Jim Morrison and weird naked Indian guides, though).Certainly kinda fun (at least for a few hours I guess), but I still prefer aimlessly walking around in RL."
,Recommended,231310,13785956,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,*Mute,"Weird, but enjoyable game.No clear tutorial, no hints. I can`t understand a bit of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still enjoyable."
76561197970705636,Recommended,231310,9894544,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,There is an Achievement that encourages players to be afk and go do something else..
,Recommended,231310,14088378,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,what?
,Recommended,231310,8719947,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[ECHO4423],it's an interesting looking game with ♥♥♥♥ed controls and an ok soundtrack.
76561198030864926,Recommended,231310,9206739,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,uty,"che blin delat nuzshno, kakayato luna, planeta mda. Recommended"
,Not Recommended,231310,16065578,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,WHITE SCAR,COOL GAME. Though it seems like the dev's wife - not many beside him can understand her.
76561197988091166,Not Recommended,231310,18152740,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Astyanax,"Why did I buy this game again?If you love indie-fartsy stuff, I'm sure you'll be into Mirror Best Of.Surely the late 80s polygon graphics will remind you of something feminism something.Anybody with some honest gamer's appetite will leave the table hungry in search for some mechanical meat.Some interesting ideas, but just not fun.An empty $Hi+lord's stomach rewards1,5 out of 5 honorary Stargliders.Not enough."
76561198161757670,Recommended,231310,12993194,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Algot,"Simple but very very effective. Makes you really feel ike an astronaut looking for something. At the beginning is a little bit complicated to understand how it works because of the absence of a tutorial, but again that only improve the lonliness astronaut's sensation. And the grafic is very cool.MA poi l'hanno pure fatto a Milano, lascia fa."
,Recommended,231310,11736941,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Crippling Debt,This game makes me feel stupid. I probably am stupid.
,Not Recommended,231310,16729665,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"This game isn't for everyone. It isn't even for the majority... It's for a small dedicated group of people.I have a problem with procedurally generated. games.  Occasionally the random variables all conspire to put a wall across the exit corridor, or make a 6-way symmetric equation solvable only by hours of trial and error...  Sometimes you just don't know if you're being dense, or the game's given you an impossible level.  When you play a human-crafted game, you know it's solvable.  Not so with random games.   Mirrormoon doesn't seem to have this problem because the 'randomness' is tightly controlled.   It works like this: ""If thing A is here, then puzzle B must need to be solved"", and vice versa.   Because every 'planet' is self-contained, the randomness is between planets...So, it becomes clear that every sphere is basically a collection of the same puzzles, in slightly different configurations: You just randomly stumble about, trying to use the ""mirror moon"" as a map and do the exact same four or five 'puzzles', over and over again.  Oh, the colours changed, and the placement of the puzzles changes.So, why did I finish it?  Because a) i'm a completist, b) I was playing a mature season, so winning was a lot easier, thanks to other players, and c) I figured out how to navigate about 1/10th of a second before uninstalling it.You will enjoy this game if:* You like games which tell you literally NOTHING, and let you figure it out for yourself.* You like games which don't have an actual purpose, i.e. goal / FMV cutscenes etc...* You like games which don't reward you with an attaboy, your reward is wholly inside yourself: That feeling of satisfaction you get when you see something new and think ""Hey, I found that!"".*  You like games which frustrate the absolute bejesus out of you for hours or days on end, and then *click* You get that five seconds of clarity, which wipes away those five days where you've been quiet, pensive, irritated at the world, and gone and written a sharply negative review on Steam: You go back to steam, change your review, and dive back into the 'game', and find that your clarity has paid off.* You like games which give you clues which may  (or may not) actually lead anywhere.* You like games which just shows you stuff, and it's up to you to decide if it's a clue, or just procedurally generated fluff.So, this is still a negative review, so what follows are SPOILERS.. Only read below if you are stuck and just want to know some clues:The cockpit islaid out pretty logically.  Power and fuel on the left, lights at the bottom right, rotation and translation at the right.That casette tape at the bottom..is just a selection between the tutorial and the main game. Once you've done Side A, flip it to Side B and leave itWhat you're trying to do is..get to a particular 'star' in the galaxy. You are in a so-called space ship, you use the button by the casette tape to 'beam up and down' to a planet's surfaceYou use the map to...wander around the galaxy trying to find your way to that starThe 8-track cassette thing issome kind of 'power diverter'. Put it into the right-hand slot, and pull the breaker to its right to warp to the currently highlighted star.  In the left-hand-slot, you use it to beam downThe map is....Bloody hard to use, it's so zoomed in, it's practically a hindrance.  You can 'free-look' around the cockpit with RMB, but that's just disorienting too.The general flow of the game is...Wander around totally randomly, doing each 'planet'.. You can spend hours and hours doing this for NO purpose.  Eventually you will find an 'observatory' (where eventually can be up to several days of continuous play if you're unlucky! (this is what I hate most).So after wandering around aimlessly...when you find the observatory planet (one which has the usual puzzles plus one more building), you get some nonsense about constellations. Ignore them, pointless. Just look for the 'ringed' star. That's where you're going.  Around it there'll be a named star.  Find the closest, and then beam up to search for it in your map.  It may take hours and hours of painful searching to find it.  Warp to that star, and then go back to the 'aimless wandering' step..And then?..just keep doing that.. eventually you should be, by random chance, in the vicinity of the goal star/planet.  Make sure you spend many many hours of the aimless wandering.. This game is predicated on you wasting absolutely ♥♥♥♥loads of time.There's no way of going faster?In theory, you could use triangulation. pick three named stars which form a triangle around the destination star on an observatory planet, print the screen and get a ruler to calculate the distance of the circled star from them. get their coordinates in the cockpit, then use Scilab to calculate the vector composition of the three position deltas, weighted for distance .  You should end up with a vector   Next, use Excel to make a calculation, and then plug in star values.    B4ll4che.  Pointless, and ultimately unrewarding, so don't bother..Should I play this game?Only if you've got nothing better to do!On the surface of planets*I find my way around by...By and large, just walking until you find something.. Get into the habit of walking forwards, and tapping left every few seconds.. That'll make a spherical spiral search pattern. Tedium++*What's the moon for? ...You can use it as a map. You show up on it too as an arrow when it's in front of the sun, or you can use it as a gravitational 'magnet' to suck buildings out of the ground*What's the buildings for?..Some contain bits for your gun which let you manipulate the moon, or shoot markers.  Some act as switches for other buildings when you walk through them.  Some are just tourist attractions, or in-jokes to other Steam games*What's the triangle marker things whizzing by?They help you find your way between buildings.  *Follow them forwards, or backwards.  When they reach where they're going they often make a building appear.* There's nothing on this planet!There probably is, it's just that its one of those awful procedurally generated ones where the map is pointless, and the exit is somewhere on the far side from the moon, and it's not in occlusion, so the moon's not acting as a map.  They bug me to hell.  Spiral search your way out* All I found was an exit, but there's 'atmospheric stuff'..It's possible that you missed the 'moon mover' bit for your gun. Move the moon, and some buildings might appear when the sun goes away or comes back.* What's the marker attachment for the gun for?It lets you 'press a button' for one of the puzzles.  Also can potentially help with the map when there's no eclipse.* I can not find my way off this planet at allpress Escape.. Move on.  It's not worth it.* How do I know it's an observatory?I've found that mostly the stars are blue, rather than white.  Also, you'll see random lines connecting some of the stars.  These are constellations (in the game).  The star you're looking for is ringed* and then...?Well, this is where it gets annoying.  The constellations are /sort of/ picked out if you press the slidey latch button at the bottom right of the screen.  If you take some notes on the surface of the planet, you can /sort of/ find them again and then use the consellation stars to find yours.  [/spolier]* All the stars are XXX/##You're S.O.L It's a new season, so no help from other players.  Good luck"
76561198116883121,Not Recommended,231310,16082813,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Okamifan1 #90's4ever,"Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware) this game a poorly executed concept, once you beat the first moon there is nothing else to do, the game has a poor replay value because of the inability to progress, there is supposed to be a second moon but the developers should have instantly taken you there instead of making you find it, which not only is boring but puts a heck of a strain on your fingers, and I played with all possible means of controlling it.Concept 10/10 Execution 1/10 Sound 7/10 Gameplay 1/10 Graphics 5/10 Overall 24/50"
76561198125791732,Not Recommended,231310,15470745,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,brantcgardner,More frustrating than fun; which is a shame because there was clearly a lot of effort poured into this.
76561198039817785,Recommended,231310,16002988,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,sentient goo,"Mirromoon EP recreates the experience of playing video games WAY back in the day.In the 80s and early 90s, video games were much more mysterious than they are now.  Games were made on MUCH smaller budgets by companies who were generally far less ""professional"" than modern studios.  There was never a ""tutorial level"" in the game itself.  The basic controls were (hopefully) described in the manual that came packaged with the game, and beyond that, you were usually on your own.  There was no internet.Under these circumstances, just figuring out how a game worked, could actually be part of the challenge of the game. That is the experience that Mirrormoon EP tries to create for the player, and I think it absolutely succeeds. Whether or not you enjoy it, depends on whether or not you enjoy that particular experience."
,Not Recommended,231310,15861847,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,John Smith,"Game seems interesting, but theres no tutorial or decent guide so far that explains what I have to do. So I gotta give this a thumbs down. A good game doesn't have you doing random things like pushing buttons on a cockpit."
76561198060999290,Not Recommended,231310,15774700,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,churchb33,"first level was very fun and puzzles were interesting and strange. thereafter, I lost interest entirely..."
,Recommended,231310,22247334,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,half man half amazing,MirronMoon EP is a fantasic game for people looking for something that challenges you to understand what is happening and to control your journey.
,Recommended,231310,22746783,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"Trippy as hell, simple, yet somehow can quench a real thirst for adventure. This game is incredible. Treat yourself."
,Recommended,231310,26272214,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dave247,"I actualty forgot about this game and only just rememebred it now. It is defently differant, and lacks a what a lot would people would typically want or consider ""fun"" in a game.And yet, despite that I never got that involved with the game, I still very much enjoyed my time with it. It was and still is a intersting expearence, the type of one that very few games are able to accomplish.It's the type of game the majorty of people won't like, but that's ok as there will still be a lot out there who will absoutly love it."
,Recommended,231310,35399954,Posted: 1 October,all,Colynato,"I   n e v e r   w a n t e d   t o   g e t   l o s t   i n   s p a c e .Y e t  ,   h e r e   w e   a r e ."
,Recommended,231310,13285034,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Spooky,Sick game. Better play when high.
,Not Recommended,231310,8266701,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mecknavorz the Sun Dragon,"I can't say i enjoy this game, I mean in the trailers it seemed like antichamber with lots of mind bending puzzles, but what i got when i started playing was the same puzzle on every planet and nothing more! i looked up whether or not there was more to it, but i didn't see anything. And the puzzles aren't that hard either, i saw some videos about Easter egg stuff, but there should be more to a game than just one puzzle and a few Easter eggs or something."
,Not Recommended,231310,9418600,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ArchKali,"I am all about experimental indie games, but wtf if going on in this game."
,Not Recommended,231310,8559013,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kowboat,this game befuddles my dumb cracker mind
,Not Recommended,231310,8613255,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,tagenar,"Promises exploration and discovery, but every planet is the same, the puzzles are all the same, and after visiting 100 planets that are just variations on the same pattern, it gets boring.  There's nothing to see, nothing new to do, and it's nearly impossible to find your one goal star among the hundreds of other stars in the galaxy.  It comes down to just luck, not deduction or skill.  Exploration feels more like a chore than an adventure.  I did not have fun with this."
,Not Recommended,231310,10615379,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,thainen,"While the mechanics of this game is nice, it is way too abstract and barebone, lacking anything remotely resembling characters (which is ok), a story (which is forgivable) or a world (which is bad). A travel through a world of abstract shapes feels nice until you realise that there is nothing beyond them. It's just a large virtual installation made of unending coloured rectangles. Some may find this meditative, I find it hollow."
,Recommended,231310,25078988,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RaRa,It's okay. Came out before No Man's Sky. Better than that game by a lot. Basically saying that it's okay.
76561198077812049,Not Recommended,231310,13654504,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,echosmyronx,"Strange and boring. Feels like an art student's feeble attempt at making a video game, but they failed miserably."
76561198000589183,Not Recommended,231310,9082919,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pat the Bat,"Meh Gamplay, non intuitive ""figue it out as you go"" controls, and I think they used the control skeam to try and hide its other flaws."
76561198041282479,Recommended,231310,12988661,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dorian Jay,I would say get it on sale or if you where not in a sober mind. Relaxing game but kind of a puzzler
,Not Recommended,231310,31749069,Posted: 14 May,all,Vio,"Borring, confusing, unhelpfull, no purpose."
,Not Recommended,231310,26408919,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,cagcag,"I don't know what this game tried to accomplish but it failed at it.Firstly it looks like a sci-fi setting which made me assume it had some kind of story but it didn't have any. It neither had any charming atmosphere whatsoever.There is no tutorial and game doesn't tell you what to do or give any objective. You need to find what works and that's frustrating because you don't need to think about it, you just try everything and get lucky in the process. Therefore there is no sense of accomplishment in finding what works.I admit I didn't play it long enough to see if it had some redeeming qualities in it but Unfortunately I got bored of this game very quickly and I asked for a refund because it has some fundamental problems especially with it's controls.You play the game from first person perspective but your head movement is nonexistent which gives the feeling that you're controlling a disabled astronaut."
76561197963235624,Not Recommended,231310,10243141,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Cranky_Gamer,IT'S. JUST. BORING.
,Recommended,231310,7450211,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,still A game?
,Not Recommended,231310,13808127,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,spooky,Shallow exploration game based on confusion and lack of logic.
76561198038383936,Recommended,231310,26086563,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GanPC,It's kinda like finding the light of Zartha.
,Not Recommended,231310,7901419,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Vivian,"To all the people who think, they buy an actual Co-Op game with this, don't get fooled, this can't really be played together.All, that can be done, is name planets and have other users explore these. (I got this from an external source. I have not used the feature myself, since the game on its own is difficult to figure out.)The graphics are nice and simple, though really, they don't do much for the quality of the game.The soundwork is futuristic and pleasant to the ears.The controls are absolutely atrocious. The pointing thing moves extremely slow, and in most of the cases, the game gets minimized when i move the mouse too far and click (I have 2 screens, which might be the problem)The fact, that you can't really look down is confusing and annoying because you have to constantly look down, which goes really heavy on the eyes.All in all: I'm sure, this game is good for people who got a lot of time on their hands / People who really like exploring simple landscapes, but not for people who are big fans of games with actual player interaction"
76561198026815267,Recommended,231310,24869629,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Saint Bepis,"Why buy No Man's Sky when you can buy this minimalist, puzzle-based game for a far more reasonable price?"
,Not Recommended,231310,10673367,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Balancer,"Хорошая идея, но плохая реализация. Рандом неудачный, нет ощущения прогресса."
,Recommended,231310,14063978,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,H4ilking,MirrorMan: michel jackson's revenge is the breast thing since sliced dead. You play as ♥♥♥♥ING DUMBASS and must kill all of mikle's moons to wib. If you dont you get muraderaderaderaderaderaderaderaderd
,Recommended,231310,32835840,Posted: 26 June,all,Bambi,Noctis V
76561198108248954,Not Recommended,231310,13858580,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,superman,"this game may be good looking but not my cup of tea,... or juice for tha matter"
,Not Recommended,231310,14931351,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gay Fred,seriously?
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,231310,7987321,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,Imagine being given instructions for operating a nuclear reactor in a language you don't know.
,Not Recommended,231310,7934233,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Horse Merkin,I tried to love you MirrorMoon EP. ♥♥♥♥ing playtest your game dudes. This game is not made for humans.
,Recommended,231310,9714107,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,☠☠☠☠,"Sounds: Very goodMusic: Minimalistic, very goodAtmosphere: goodgrade of being confused what to do on this silly planets: highmeeehhhh low 6 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,231310,8773795,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,Has some charm but gets confusing at times due to inadequate sign posting.
76561198040428034,Not Recommended,231310,9094236,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nobody died at Sandy Hook,this game is advencher nothing else
,Not Recommended,231310,25407420,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Jack5,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO5CH0wUecs
76561198100363036,Not Recommended,231310,29132284,Posted: 8 January,all,Le_Fugge,This game is like Portal. Without the good parts. Or portals. What I'm saying is you should play Portal. :D
,Recommended,231310,21790369,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wasserstern,"I can understand the mixed reviews. This game is not for everyone.Too bad that the big red sign will keep most people out of this cool experimental game.Most reviews already state enough about the gameplay.I just want to say that anyone that played games like Proteus and liked it will probably enjoy this.One long very cool puzzle (more of this please game devs), a complicated spaceship panel, strange multiplayer ideas, cool music and that one strange planet everyone is searching for. I play it from time to time again just to chill a bit.Thats it. Sorry if my english has problems, I'm german."
,Not Recommended,231310,21575479,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,niko_pancakes.png,"I do not reccommend this game. It is a very fun game, for the first five minutes, but then it's just more of the same. If it was cheaper I'd defidently reccomend it, but... Yeah."
76561197988566726,Not Recommended,231310,21438800,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Grim Jester,"February 25th, 2016I will play this again, but my first reaction is one of frustration. Even though I wanted to play a game like MirrorMoon, the controls and tutorial are frustrating. What's it like? It's like being tied to a motorized wheel chair, with your head locked so that you can only look straight ahead.I will give this another try because there are some glowing reviews about MirrorMoon, but I have a feeling that like a lot of ""great art,"" some people love to see genius in trash because it makes them seem special. We'll see. I'll change the review if my next try is more rewarding.February 27thOkay, I gave this another try, and I managed to make some progress. There is a good deal of satisfaction when you fumble along and figure things out, but I still don't understand the restrictive point of view. The game has earned one more try, but the rating stands. I think Mirrormoon's biggest flaws are interface and advertising; they aren't getting their point across to their audience."
,Not Recommended,231310,20774186,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,CookieFlavour,"This review is made by playing the game for 5-10 minutes.(So you can rain hell on me as much as you like.)Terrible, terrible controlling system. I had no idea what i was suppose to do or what was happening, the game had absolutely no explanation or advice how or what the objective was. As a first impression, this game lacks to impress someone as less patient guy like me. Maybe someday i will come back to this game and enjoy it more, but for now it is a letdown.1/5"
76561198156060555,Recommended,231310,21176484,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ututat,This game makes me feel stupid.
76561198070735389,Not Recommended,231310,20580542,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zimt,"Ok, call me after half a hour ignorant but my time is too precious for this.Details about why are written in many reviews.Cheers."
,Recommended,231310,20244845,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Postmodern Memes,"Like Ice Road Trucker if the trucks were driven by aliens who had just been abducted from their home planets and also the aliens don't know what a truck is or how to operate it or where they are supposed to go so they draw maps and name things on those maps.Super cool.Edit:The aliens also look at maps a lot and try to figure out how this ""GPS"" system works.  Eventually, through much teamwork, they figure it out and navigate to the goal!(the aliens are you)"
76561198023449883,Recommended,231310,3479486,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,[ Ø ],"This game is worth getting. One of the few titles made with unity that I will happily endorse. However if you can't solve simple puzzles, don't get it and go back to Call of Duty. But then again if you can't solve simple puzzles most games are beyond your grasp anyway. Update: Easily a better game than No Man's Sky."
,Recommended,231310,7573469,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Michael T Moreno,Simply a beautiful game.
76561198071106517,Not Recommended,231310,18516592,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,tattoogunman,"Oh for a neutral button for these reviews.......This game is different - very different.CONS:Honestly, if I hadn't looked at some Youtube videos and discussion boards, I'd probably still be sitting on the first planet getting read to throw my computer out of the window.  There is no tutorial and absolutely no hints whatsoever to get you going in the game.  I have only gotten as far as I have by basically cheating (i.e. the aforementioned discussion boards) and that is not something you should have to do.Same thing goes for the cockpit - again, if I had not cheated, I'd probably still be staring at the stupid thing mashing buttons and what not.I'm still not sure EXACTLY what you are supposed to do, even though I have some ideas that, once again, come from the community for the game.  After about five or six planets, I started getting bored with trying to figure out each ""puzzle"".  Supposedly you are supposed to find something called the ""anomaly"" (I think), but I'll be darned if I know how to find it.  Supposedly the stars you see in the sky while on a planet are to be used on your ship for navigation.  I'm sorry, I'm not a junior astronomer and have no idea how to do that.  Supposedly there is a way to mark constellations (or something) to make it easier, but once again I have no clue how to do that.  It's nerve racking.PROS:The game is different and I like that.  The game has an interesting visual approach and the gameplay is also a bit different when compared to the average first person game.  As much as the game has been frustrating me, I still find myeslf drawn back to it and that is a good thing - not many games can do that to me.  I'm determined to figure out what makes it tick, even if I have to end up cheating to do so by getting answers via discussion boards, videos, etc.The only helpful advice I would give would be to pick it up on sale like I did, that may help offset the awkwardness of the game.  Do not buy this game if you're looking for a traditional FPS type game, it's nothing like that.  There really isn't much to do other than walk around on the planets doing the puzzles (which after you do a couple of them become stupid easy and tedious after a while).  I would call this something like a minimalist/surrealist sci-fi type exploration/puzzle game that definitely isn't everyone's cup 'o tea.Maybe this was meant for MENSA members only, who knows?  But I still find myself drawn back to the game which makes me like it for that reason if nothing else.  With that said, I still wouldn't recommend this to the average gamer unless you are looking for something a bit off the wall.  If you want to fly around space shooting stuff, this definitely isn't the game for you ;)"
,Recommended,231310,17512160,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ferdinand Griffon,"Spaceship-cockpit planet-orientation puzzle-solving simulatorThis game is to be played with no rush to be able to enjoy every moment. It might get boring after a few hours depending on how you play it, but I think it is worth a try and even more with this price"
76561198010960210,Recommended,231310,17681790,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,2c,"It's fun to poke around with, very strange, but honestly i've only completed 3 levels and will probably never advance much further.I recommend this game for the sole reason which is: I don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,231310,17323452,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Bingo Brooks,Never played much but from what I did this game was exciting amazing and wonderful!
76561197993548532,Not Recommended,231310,18281521,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Crowley,"This is a multi-player puzzle game. The whole game is a puzzle and you have to go on the forums and ask people what the ♥♥♥♥ you're supposed to be doing. There is a manual. It is one page and the gist is: Go on the forums and talk to people about what the ♥♥♥♥ you think is going on.If that sounds like the niche product you have been waiting for, have at it.It is not my idea of fun. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,231310,18080478,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,julker,"It's ok for a 1 hour playthrough but nothing much to do after that. It had creativity but after your first planet, there is no real replay value."
,Not Recommended,231310,18652785,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dragons Advocate,"Interesting premise on the starting world - a beautiful example on twisted puzzle without any words of explanation.Sadly, it all falls apart after that. the promise is that there is a ton of other worlds to explore, but the no-word-of-explanation really takes a toll here. There could be the most amazing experience in your life waiting inside this game, if you have no clue how to progress or what the hell you are sopposed to be doing, you will never get there."
76561198093957990,Recommended,231310,17480126,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Nova715,"I haven't reviewed this game yet?... thats funny cuz I have owned this game for a long time now.It is a nice, relaxing, and peaceful game. With exploring and puzzle solving elements to it.I will give it 7.5/10Very nice game, completly worth it."
76561198090975676,Recommended,231310,17543666,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kellorna,"I never write reviews, but the fact that this game has so many negative reviews makes me feel like I have to stand up for it.For me this game is a complete delight.  I played this game for about an hour and became confused and kind of bored after the tutorial planet, but over the next few days I kept thinking about it.  Everything about the game is ethereal and inviting in an alien kind of way.  I kept coming back knowing that I would see something new and beautiful if I kept looking.  It's like chasing a mystery with absolutely no idea what you will find or if you will find anything at all, and to me that is the truest form of exploration.  It really makes you feel like you are alone in space searching for who knows what.  A lot of the negative reviews state that the worlds are monochromatic and difficult to navigate but I think it adds rather than detracts from the experience.If you are looking for a game that has clear objectives and goals LOOK ELSEWHERE because this game is NOT for you.  If, however, you are looking for a beautiful and immersive experience that at times surprises and delights you with tiny snippets of a larger mystery, then play this now.  Keep playing it.  Find new things.  Feel like you have no idea where you are or what you are doing.  Feel discouraged.  Then find something new that begins connecting everything else.  And keep looking for more.  Rinse, repeat.  Lovely!"
,Recommended,231310,16823074,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,oduck,"One of the most unusual gaming experiences available - where you not only have to explore new worlds, but also your equipment and spaceship. Stunning soundtrack, outstanding graphics design. More than unique controls. Strongly recommended for every open minded grown up gamer!"
76561198097873284,Recommended,231310,16882008,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Speaking Waters,"This game is for very specific kinds of people, very specifically me. This is a complex dimensional puzzle game in which the objective is to figure out the objective.With the exception of keyboard controls (which is pretty much the only in game text you will see), all aspects of the game are learned by doing, entirely at your own pace in a perfectly serene (or maybe ominous) environment.In Mirrormoon EP, you explore planets with navigational help from a moon that mirrors the planet's surface. The reward for exploring isn't so much what you find, but the very experience of exploring itself and immersing yourself in the game's beautiful abstract world and atmosphere. And perhaps the satisfaction of naming your very own planet for other players to see and explore.A huge contributor is the game's audio, which (after having played Fotonica) seems pretty characteristic of this developer. Much of the game's beauty and texture exists in the deep and impressive sound rather than visuals. A great refresher from playing games in a time when graphics and visuals are usually seen as a video game's most central attributes, with sound a distant secondary.I wouldn't recommend Mirrormoon EP to just anyone, but those who I would recommend it to will not have a moment free of my pestering to play this damn great game."
,Recommended,231310,19522888,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,danilocabaco,"This game is a difficult one to for writting a review.Firstly: I don't even know if I've finished this game. This one will challenge everything you think about playing a game. Sometimes it makes you think that the game is the one playing with you. The mechanics are totaaly new and non-intuitive (which is not bad, it's just different) and apparently you don't have an especific objective at all but wander through the universe and admire how beatiful it is. The soundtrack is settling and the visual are very pretty.A must-play for everyone looking for a new experience."
76561198119593497,Not Recommended,231310,16810595,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Snow_Wolf,"For me, it is hard to decide whether or not to recommend this game. The puzzles range from super easy to hair-tearing-out difficulty. If you are thinking about getting this I recommend buying it during a sale, but even then you may not feel it was worth your money.Word of advice if you still think you want to get it, despite what the game would have you belive with it's cryptic lines of text when you start a new game and at the end of the tutorial, there is NO PLOT. So don't get your hopes up for one to be revealed to you through the course of the game based on what you see on one of the short youtube let's plays for this game."
,Not Recommended,231310,20072308,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,zerepzerreitug,"I'm all in for 'artsy' games. Games that swim against the currents of the industry and explore something new.MirrorMoon is definitely doing this. And I applaud that.But for me, personally, my own taste and enjoyment, I found this game to not be particularly appealing. Sorry :/"
,Recommended,231310,19974032,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zuul,"This game is unique.It's a mixture between art and puzzle.Very atmospheric and relaxing - no action, no stress. Good soundtrack.I think the reason why many people dislike this game is because they don't know how to ""play"" it and correspondingly have no aim (and it's part of the game to find that out respectively ""create"" one) - or were expecting something else.It has a notably unique feature i appreciate indeed: the strange mixture of a single player game in some kind of  mmo - hive.STRONG SPOILER AHEAD!The game setting:You're out in a universe, controlling a spaceship. The universe is generated randomly every season. Your aim, if you want, is to find the planet, on which the anomaly is located. This planet puzzle acts similar to the planet you played in the tutorial (before you get in your spaceship for the first time).You get clues where this planet is located via other planets that show starconstellations when you visit them, mostly called (by the community) observatories or map planets. You've got to wirte down the planet coordinates. The more observatories you find, the easer you may locate the anomalie. Often people write those coords in the forum to help each other.Those coordinates are a kind of border, if you connect them you narrow down the place where the anomaly can be. (See older Forum posts how to do that exactly - but better find it out yourself cause thats the game!)My personal experience:The single player part:You're alone, never meet some one or directly play together or against .The mmo - hive kind of thing part:The planets will be named by the first person who solves the puzzle.The mixture:So you will see - as time passes by - that former unnamed planets will now have names, given by other players (or by you).That gives me a kind of feeling ""hey, you're not alone out there!"" And i start thinking: ""Maybe we should work together"" But how to communicate? Well, via Steam - Forum. So, if you find actually people playing it at the same time and knowhowto communicate - this game is unbeatable in atmosphere, fun, chill-factor and brain-usage. You start to feel being part of a goal that only can be reached together."
,Not Recommended,231310,34699232,Posted: 2 September,all,ghost,"The game looks beautiful, and it's interesting to explore.Unfortunetly, there really isn't much to look at after a little exploration, and  the game is a bit too abstract with what your goal is, if there even is one."
76561198025280562,Not Recommended,231310,35479501,Posted: 4 October,all,Revenant14,"Mirrormoon's weird, minimalist art style is kind of interesting for a while- the spaceship controls in particular are actually really neat and imaginative- but it's ultimately more confusing than fun. When you solve a puzzle, it's vaguely satisfying, but there's a whole galaxy of... same-y looking planets, and zero guidance as to why or what to do."
