user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,231330,32960361,Posted: 28 June,all,Xantica,"We bought this game because it had the tag ""co-op"" but you can't actually play this game in co-op - only multiplayer/versus in different gamemodes.So if you consider buying this game because you want to play a story with your friends - don't buy it!Refunded for false advertisement"
,Recommended,231330,32092894,Posted: 31 May,all,Desaix,"Deadfall Adventures is a FPS with many puzzle elements and an Indiana Jones feeling. It's far from being perfect and it could use some more polish, but it makes for a fun experience. Gunplay could be better though. You can weaken mumies with your flashlight (press alt left) in order to end their invincibility like in the game Alan Wake.+ Gunplay is decent+ some nice puzzles+ some lines are hilarious+ you are fighting nazis+ game is charming and makes fun+ very cheesy if you like that.+ you can trigger traps and use them against your enemies- plot twist is not surprising- protagonist is saying ""well, that was fun"" all the time. also, something sounds off with the protagonist's voice. I can't put my finger on it though. his delivering makes it sound even more cheesy than it should be, I suppose.- some puzzles give you very little hints what to do.- you can only carry two weapons at the same time- Gunplay feels a bit dated. could be better- very linear- nazis are using tommy guns? makes no sense. and while I love that weapon, it felt weak in the game. was quite disappointing.Replay value: smallRating: 7/10Recommendation: Yes, if you like Indiana Jones. Don't spend more than 5 bucks though."
76561198022370609,Not Recommended,231330,32489198,Posted: 16 June,all,Tiny Trees,"This game almost takes pysical strain to make progress.1. There are invisible walls everywhere. Try jumping up onto a low rock. Invisible walls everywhere.2. It is obtuse. There will be a crate that you could climb onto and move on. However you can't climb onto a crate. You have to do a puzzle to move on. Most of the time, the puzzle clues mean nothing. Either you trial and error them or google them.3. Weapons will not switch by 1, 2. Neither can you reload or change weapon while running.4. It constantly takes your weapons away and you end up back with pistols. Or you lose that really good assault rifle.6. The mechanic of shining a torch on mummies seems OK in reviews. Trying it is a pain in the neck. Torch has to be triggered extra bright by pressing the Alt key. Doesn't matter which key it is because whichever, you need to stop using W, A, S, or D, to use it. (With enemies bearing down on you.)7. Almost every room needs a puzzle to get out of. Almost every puzzle is really aggravating.8. It looks like a shooter with a few puzzles. Wrong. It's all puzzles and less shooting. The relatively noce graphics do not lift the game enough.9. Checkpoints are far from fair.10. The character has very little stamina unless upgraded. Upgrades come by finding treasuers which you use for upgrading. Meaning you have to scour everywhere. Some treasures will be left after just getting fed up trying to collect them. It really means that you are in a constant pushing wrangle with your keyboard to get character moving when needed.It feels as if this game is physically pushing you back, while you're just trying to play it. All you want is a cool adventure with some shooting. I thought OK give it a go. Yet the main criticism I have over all the points above, is that it's boring. Yet there's just a fraction enough, to keep me trying."
,Recommended,231330,11514987,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Macgyverthehero,"Personally, I enjoyed the experience that was Deadfall Adventures, because this game is meant for people who are fans of the Adventure/Fantasy genre, but with archaeologists.Sadly this means not everyone might enjoy this, as this follows the usual ""Get to the artifact before the badguys get to it and use it for world domination"" cliche. Also, since the game is focused in the first person, some gamers might expect alot of good action in a first person perspective environment, but I will say that the shooting bits of the game are pretty generic, along with the usual cliche armies of Nazis and Russians (yes the two most cliche kinds of badguys in shooters are in the same game together.)In my opinion, I did not mind the cliches as they were exactly what I wanted and expected from the game, because the game does take place in the eyes of an archaeologist, and I always like adventures involving such a profession. This game does it's best to recreate the kind of Indiana Jones like adventure we expect in a game involving archaeologists, so I understand why the shooting sections seems generic, because the game wants to focus more on the actual adventure and not just drown it in FPS heaven... which can be a bad thing if overdone.I heard a bunch of people complained about some of the puzzles in the game, saying it was either too confusing, too straight forward, or the hints of the ingame journal seem too vague. I played through the game myself and only once did I have to look up a walkthrough for a puzzle, turns out that certain puzzle I was stuck on was super simple as all I had to do was shoot a lever. Some puzzles in the game did seem confusing at first to me, but after some thought and looking around I did actually figure out what to do, and the journal only seemed very vague to me just once in the game, which was at that one super simple puzzle I mentioned. There was indeed some simple straight forward puzzles, but I felt these puzzles were a simple relief to the bigger and more complex puzzles I encountered previously. Overall, I felt the puzzles were fun and it felt good just to finally solve each one.My only complaint in the game is character animations in the cutscenes. Characters move awkwardly in cutscenes, which reminded me of how bad the character animations in the game Dead Island were in cutscenes when I used to play that.Other than that, I pretty much enjoyed myself with the rest of the game.My favourite part of Deadfall Adventures was the very cool and well done minecart chase scenes were done in the Mine level of the game. That part of the game made me feel very nostalgic as this seemed to be a clear reference to the minecart chase scene in the film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.Sadly I could not try out the multiplayer portion of the game, since nobody was hosting anything. So I shall skip this part of the review since I was late for the party.Overall, I enjoyed this game. I really liked the adventure it let me experience, as I also had alot of fun with the characters, even if our archaeologist hero seemed awkwardly animated in cutscenes along with everyone else. I got through alot of fun puzzles and moments in the game, just feeling the nostalgia of older adventures touching my heart with each step.Now, I recommend this game to people and fans who enjoy adventures starring archaeologists, travelling, exploring temples, avoiding traps, solving ancient puzzles, and recovering mythical and genuine artifacts for fortune and glory. This game is not as bad as Metacritic says on the store page, as I feel it deserves more, because the game is based for a certain kind of audience who would enjoy this, no matter how cliche the things in this game sound. I missed playing a good adventure starring an archaeologist in the 20th century, and that is exactly what I got to play once again with Deadfall Adventures.Thank you Farm 51 for giving me another adventure to play. I hope the next adventure you guys make will be a successor to Deadfall Adventures, because you guys deserve more than that cruddy 53 out of 100 Metacritic gave you for it."
76561198079335824,Recommended,231330,23666179,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"Deadfall AdventureTotally enjoyed this game ever so much. It reminds me of Indiana Jones, only with out the whips. I tried MP but its dead, and I dont believe this game even needs a MP, but Co-op side by side with a friend or family member, tracking through the adventure together would be stacks fun. I did not collect every relic nor did I get all achievements ( they will be tough anyway as they require MP to obtain), but rather I just enjoyed my time with this fun FPS and its a very nice Adventure.All I ask from these developers is I WANT MORE !I want to seeDeadfalls 2"
76561197992206547,Recommended,231330,18099713,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,B00tsy,"It's okay with a hefty sale.The graphics are pretty decent in the game, almost every thing else is pretty cheesy and mediocre. Though for 5 bucks it's entertaining enough to make it worth your money. When playing the game you see the potential it has, but it has been brought down by under par voice acting and dialogs with weird pauses during conversations and a very cliché story.There are also a few bugs in the game such as accidently pressing a wrong key (T) where your character becomes frozen and unable to move, you have to reload a checkpoint to fix it. You can also find maps in the levels, but no key to bring up the maps and look at them.And in general the gameplay and game mechanics is really not what you expect when you look at the nice graphics. It is just so under par compared to the graphics and the pretty detailed texturing. Shooting in this game is plain bad, your accuracy (unscoped) has little to do with hitting the AI target or not, it's unpricize by design. The AI is pretty bad too. instead of you going in to cover and shotting at the AI tactically from a dfistance you can just go beserk and run up to them and shoot them in the face from 1 meter away. And there are dozens more thing I could sum up that is either completely missing ((mini)map for example), or lacking and under par.The game is a lot like Uncharted, but then clearly made with a much lower budget and a worse story.Verdict: 68/100"
76561197960392584,Not Recommended,231330,8000131,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,CombatDave,"I hate to give bad reviews but I had a really hard time finding the good in this game. From poor character development, the occasional illogical or stupidly easy puzzle, primitive first person shooter experience, and cheap rpg aspect, I had a lot of trouble getting as far in the game as I did. I will say that there is a layer of nostalgia as the storyline and environment liken to Indiana Jones movies a bit, but if you want to watch an adventure film do just that and bypass this game.My points in more depth:- Poor character development: Jumping right into the story the characteres prod with one another endlessly with mundane and all to frequent jest. The dialog and voice quality is lacking any intelligent use of pause, and becomes annoyingly predictable.- Puzzles are not very enjoyable after the initial nuance, in that the basic principle to shoot the block, or match the faces with the cheat sheet (in game little ""Perk"") is overused. Other puzzles were somewhat unique but either lacked a logical or discernably logical hint, like the rotate floating particles to make a shape puzzles. One such puzzle was eventually solved through trial and error, and didn't end up making a recognizable image. That was frusterating.- The first person shooter aspect is usually what draws me into a game. The satisfying plink of the well placed stealth head shot kill. Sadly this game's fps setup is a strict point and shoot. It reminds me in a way of hyperstudio from years ago where you defind a region, and if you ""crouched"" the region go slightly larger. Click anywhere in the region and you hit the target in (to make things easy) a random location selected from a finite and small preset. Oh yes, and the shotgun is just stupid - small amounts of ammo, no effective spread, and incredibly weak power. Besides headshots what's not more fun than rounding the corner and point blank blasting the baddie with a shotgun? Well, in the game your out of luck because even at point blank range it'll take three or four shells. Sure, we're talking older weapons, and sure, the enemy might have body armor. But at close range in the kevlar you're going to be at least knocked back.- Lastly, the rpg aspect of this game was pretty bland. A simple grid of powerups that are all vanilla. Shoot or reload faster - upgrade health pool, longer more powerful flashlight. Sure these are great and all if those are the starting base talents for a more complex tree. Sadly this is it for the game, for the trouble of running around and looking int every possible hidden corner in the game you get to aim a little better, and upgrade the once ""interesting"" combat mechanic (flashlight to weaken and kill zombies). In my opinion a good/fun rpg is one with talents that change how you play the game, and do so with very unique means. Take the classic fantasy class differences between melee, stealth, and magic combat structures.In short, I think the designers of this game tried to do a little too much in incorporating too many game archetypes into one. Sure, it's possible to create a great game in this way, but sadly this one stretched itself too far in too many directions, and its playability or ""fun factor"" if you will, suffered for it."
76561198275359742,Recommended,231330,31590060,Posted: 6 May,all,JustRupert,"Adventure?  Checkcheesy lines? Checkfun? CheckGood writing? meh (ignore that part)bought on sale? Checkfun level designs? CheckMass Effect Andromeda faced villian? CheckWhos more important Flashlight or spunky attractive side kick? Flashlightif youre a fan of indiana jones games, archaeological adventures, cheesiness, and a good time and if this game is on sale. Buy it."
,Recommended,231330,30674236,Posted: 22 March,all,Monsieur-Owly,"Although far from being a masterpiece, Deadfall Adventures feels like a step forward when compared to The Farm 51's previous ""budget"" titles such as NecroVision and Painkiller HD.POSITIVES- The main menu theme setting up an adventuresque feel- 3 exotic settings- A badass hero- Dual-wielding guns- Deadly traps and mechanism- Interesting puzzles- Tips are given through the notes- Upgrade system- Many secret areas and collectables- Mummies!!!- Alan Wake-esque combat mechanicsNEGATIVES- Some cringeworthy dialogues- Predictable plot- Transition between gameplay and cutscene is not always coherent- Some texture popping issues- Gunplay against human enemies feels more tedious than fun- Strategy to defeat the undead is too simple and repetitive- Some hitbox issues- Player movement is slow- Grenade throwing arc is inconsistent and unintuitive- Can carry only 2 weaponsDespite its cheesiness and low production value, Deadfall Adventures has enough personality to make the experience worthwhile.Rating:7.0 / 10"
,Recommended,231330,23488896,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mon Mon,"Most people disliked it but I thought it was a fun and corny Indiana Jones-esk type game. I enjoyed playing it and I didn't mind the bad voice acting, it gave me quite a laugh, I would recommend this for people who enjoy call of duty style campaigns and corny adventure flicks."
,Not Recommended,231330,19364367,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,aproposnix,"Pros:- Fun Indian Jones type adventure- Super cheesy dialog = Funny- Inexpensive (5 euros)- Decent graphics- Runs on LinuxCons:- Glitchy (example, I often see a reflection of myslef on the ground which makes it impossible to see where I'm stepping)- Multiplayer is dead - No one is playing this game- Hasn't been updated in ages and the Linux version is still in Beta (with no hope of a final release)- The puzzles were not well thought out - they are either too easy or the solution is not clear at all (and you just somehow manage to solve them).Overall: If you can pick this up on a bargain sale, it's worth it for the single player. Just don't expect any support from the developer as this game has already passed it's development phase.EDIT: After getting almost to the end, the game stopped launching entirely.  As there will be no more updates for this, I would recommend stayng clear of it."
,Recommended,231330,32601747,Posted: 20 June,all,Flitterquest!,"It's like uncharted, but it's bad."
76561197981371971,Recommended,231330,18037234,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,CyPHeR369,"Got this on sale for $5, you can't go wrong with this one for that price!  Had just as much fun playing this as I did watchin the old cheesy Allan Quartermain movies, King Solomon's Mines and Lost City of Gold."
76561198025176317,Not Recommended,231330,10582054,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,beltsquid,"I cannot recommend this game at the full $40 price point, however that doesn't necessarily mean that it's not worth trying out at a discount.  The levels are large, gorgeous, and fun to explore and I enjoyed teasing out the solutions to the various puzzles.  However, the game was prone to breaking in frustrating ways, some of which could not be solved by loading a checkpoint; this occasionally rendered treasure collection impossible.  Moreover, the update made substantial changes to the first couple of levels, and that is poorly documented in-game, or indeed anywhere but the Steam forums themselves.   The story, characters, and voice acting are middling at best, but if you can get past that it can be a fun shooter with an action-adventure flair that is sadly in short supply.  Adjust your expectations accordingly and wait for a good deal before you try it out, though."
,Recommended,231330,18432748,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"This game has some potential to be an amazing game.It hasn't been done perfectly so like me you will probally have to ignore some stuff to enjoy the game.Felt like the movement wasn't smooth specially when you are running, perhaps also some fps drops.But as I said you look past that lil wierdness and then you enjoy the game.Well I really did have fun playing this game, it's not that hard and solving the puzzles ingame isn't that hard either but it's fun. I had 12 hours gametime so I was happy with that.You are a treasure hunter and you must find several pieces to, because it's what you get paid for do your job.I don't wanna spoil the storyline so thats all the info im giving you.The only downsdide of this game is the Multiplayer, nobody is ofcourse playing it and if you manage to get a group to gether and play it online it's kinda laggy, not fun as you will never 100% this game!Like I said the game is fun, look past it's flaws, enjoy the storyline and have some relaxing fun."
,Not Recommended,231330,13164433,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,LinuxGamer1920,"This is by far one of the worst Linux game ports ever! The game has a nasty aim bug, apparently you can fix it when you disable mouse smoothing, but that doesn't seem to work for me, so aiming in the game is sluggish and a pain in the butt. Not to mention the occasional hang ups. Nordic games has really messed up the Linux port big time and maybe they should consult Feral Interactive or Aspyr on how to properly port their games over to Linux. Nevertheless, the game performance is good and it runs fairly smooth until you actually have to aim and shoot, that's where it goes down hill. Too bad, this game had potential, but it's definitely not worth 49,99 bugs. If you can get it for 10 or 15 bugs that's acceptable!"
76561197963492478,Recommended,231330,17315442,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,El3ktroMode,decent fps arcade style shooter ...if you love indiana jones  then this 1 for you... metacritic score is way to low imo...deserves 70...
76561198066691528,Recommended,231330,30415841,Posted: 9 March,all,Ogami,"Best Indiana Jones or Mummy experience ever, i haven't enjoy in singleplayer like this  about 7years, game is awesome."
,Recommended,231330,23547577,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nemesis T-Type,"Eh, its a cheesy B movie style adventure game. The voice acting is so bad that its actually kinda funny and enjoyable. The guns feel strangely satisfying, if a bit wonky, and the game itself looks good. The puzzles and story aren't anything to write home about, but it's not bad either. For 5 bucks, I'd say it's worth it."
76561198035105484,Recommended,231330,26185025,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gravitygunman,Best Indiana Jones Shooter I've ever played!
,Recommended,231330,34343033,Posted: 18 August,all,MoonRogue,"Deadfall Adventures ReviewOverall Rating: GoodTime Played: 16 hoursBugs/Glitches: a few, some of which prevented progression, forcing a reloadStrengths- Good environmental design and pretty graphics- Good overall sound design- Good variety of puzzles, some more challenging than others- Interesting light mechanics- Solid shooting mechanicsWeaknesses- Companion AI glitches that interfered with triggering puzzles/events, forcing reloads- The checkpoint system, especially early on, is very unforgiving, leading to replaying 15 or more minutes of a level if you die- Dying by entering any body of water is just a stupid and frustrating mechanic- a cliched plot- annoying companion dialogue 'repeats' in some sectionsReviewOn the face of it this is an average game. Certainly the story is pretty average fair, and it is obvious that a lot of inspiration was drawn from things like the Indiana Jones movies – there are some levels that are an obvious homage. The voice acting is decent enough, and serves to progress the story, but it often falls flat, including the supposed jaded humour of the main protagonist, who is supposed to be an heir of the fictional Allan Quatermain (who features in several of H. Rider Haggard’s novels).Like the Indiana Jones movies, the game takes place on the runup to WW2, with those pesky Nazis trying to uncover ancient relics for nefarious purposes. You will be fighting Nazis, along with other enemies, as you progress through the levels. It all sounds pretty standard, so far.However, the more I played the game, the more invested I became. The environments are well done, and aesthetically pleasing. I wanted to explore them, and exploration is often rewarded by discovering priceless relics, sometimes just lying around, but more often associated with solving a puzzle to get to them. Unlike other games that just litter levels with ‘collectibles’, here they actually serve a purpose. You see, the items are tied in to a rudimentary skill system, so finding them is important to unlocking skills that can help your character to survive throughout the game. This is a game mechanic that I like, and is somewhat reminiscent of games like Jedi Knight, where finding all secret areas in a level gave you rewards that could be spent on upgrading force powers. Here you can invest in upgrading your health and stamina or your fighting prowess.One of the key problems with exploration, however, is the fact that when you enter water you simply die. There is no swimming mechanic in the game, and perhaps the developer did not want to invest time and effort into that. That's fair enough, but honestly, there are some better ways of handling your character going where they should not, rather than insta-death. Warping to shore is used in some other games, and would have been much appreciated in this one, particularly because the checkpoint save system is so unforgiving.I don’t have a problem with checkpoint saves in games per se, and some games implement it very well. In this game, however, there are certain levels where checkpoints are few and far between, and on one particular large level, where there are several relics to find, I discovered that dying to one of the traps did not just set me back a few minutes of play time – it caused a restart of the level, opening cut scene and all, which meant trudging around this large area solving all of the puzzles from scratch. Thankfully the cut scene was skippable, or it would have been even more frustrating. In my view, for this type of game, making the player replay fifteen or twenty minutes of a level for one failure is not really acceptable. Especially when, later on in the game, the devs were obviously trolling the player by implementing some insta-death mechanics even after you solved a puzzle. Padding out the game length in this way is just unnecessary, and marred the overall experience. If I die to a trap, that’s fine, but replaying large chunks of a level as a result is not. I also prefer having a manual save function available as a backup.The shooting mechanics are solid, with a decent variety of different guns available, including pistols, shotguns, machine guns, rifles, grenades, dynamite and the occasional bazooka. Several of the puzzles are actually solved by shooting, rather than just pulling levers or standing on pressure plates (although these are also present). There is also a light mechanic that is used in puzzle solving, and even during combat, which I found fairly unique and interesting.Unfortunately, there were a few puzzles that did not trigger properly because they were reliant on your AI companion standing on a pressure plate. Sometimes your companion gets ‘stuck’, and is unable to move where they are supposed to, which means an event does not trigger, and the only way to resolve it is a reload of the game. This again sets you back to the last checkpoint you completed. Thankfully I only experienced this a few times.The dialogue and voice acting is decent enough, but could have been much better. Sometimes the companions in the game would also repeat certain dialogue over and over, which detracted somewhat from the experience. A greater variety of dialogue would have been appreciated in those instances, and the script overall could have done with much more refinement.One of the levels in the game seemed out of place and unnecessary, and while an obvious homage to the movies, just did not fit with the wider context of the game. Nevertheless, it is what it is.In spite of some of the issues with the game, I finished it and enjoyed it overall. Apart from the AI issues, I encountered very few other bugs, which is to be applauded. In spite of the reloads padding out the time played, the game is a decent enough length, and I would say could be completed in about 12 hours (I have 16 on record, but I died quite a few times).If you are looking for a relatively solid FPS game with a sense of adventure and some puzzle solving, Deadfall Adventures may fit the bill, but don’t expect a story or dialogue to rival something like the Uncharted series, because you won’t find it here. The cliched plot is engaging enough to keep you exploring the environments, solving puzzles and shooting a variety of enemies in the face, and there’s absolutely nothing wrong with that."
,Recommended,231330,21135247,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ElectricHellKnight,"Deafall Adventures: Flawed but goodIf you want to know weather or not you're going to enjoy Deadfall Adventures, you have to ask yourself one question:""Can I look past the absolute worst dialogue in the history of modern video games?""That is the key part where Deadfall... falls dead. The story is nothing special but it's interesting enough. The action is good, the music is well-done, and the puzzles are challenging. There is a lot to like here.Unfortunately Deadfall Adventures has numerous setbacks. The biggest one being the abysmal dialogue. The writing is average, but the voice acting is awful. Characters are loud when they should be quiet, and quiet when they should be loud. There are odd pauses throughout conversations, and some of the voice lines are just downright delayed beyond belief.The other big issue is the widescreen support (or lack thereof), and the FOV. While I praise Deadfall Adventure's FOV slider for offering the player an unusually large variation (up to 140), the weapon view models are unaffected by this FOV. Thus, although you can set the FOV to a high number, you cannot remove the visual sensation that your character is holding his gun right in front of his eyeball.However, with some tweaking this can be fixed. An excellent (and free) program calledFlawless Widescreenwill allow you to tweak the weapon FOV to be more acceptable.Fortunately, this fix is a trivial one. And once you have completed it, you should have no trouble enjoying the game's unique blend of shooting and puzzle-solving.My only other problem with Deadfall Adventures was its difficulty. And I don't mean the game was too hard. Rather, I think it was far too easy. In my first playthrough, I set both the puzzle and combat difficulty to their highest (Hard), and had little trouble with it. Bare in mind that I also restricted myself from using any of the upgrades throughout the game, in order to try and increase the game's challenge. I think the difficulty on the puzzles was a good balance, but the combat was far too forgiving.The culprit behind the easy combat is likely the game's rather stupid AI. The enemies will often walk slowly towards the player with no regard for their safety. Or sometimes they'll pop up from behind cover, aim at the player, and take several seconds before they actually pull the trigger. This gives the player plenty of opportunities to eliminate them.However, do not let these faults detract from the game too much. In spite of the above, there is much to like in Deadfall Adventures. I found the puzzles (for the most part) to be challenging and just frustrating enough to keep me going. The weapons were also surprisingly satisfying. Couple that with an interesting story, and a chance to play what is essentially the Indiana Jones FPS we never got, and Deadfall Adventures is a fun, albeit flawed, gaming experience."
76561197974049809,Not Recommended,231330,10175226,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Leon.BackGD,"+ Good graphic+ Dialogue covers lots of jokes+ Able to choose the difficulty of puzzles- Lack of expression on characters' face. I consider it shouldn't happen in a 40-bucks game released in 2013- No auto-save after Collecting treasures. Some treasures are really far away from the main route, and some hide in dangerous place... Sometimes if you made a mistake, it means you need to waste time to collect those treasures again...- Some puzzles are quite boring, and when you need to solve 2-3 boring puzzle continuously, it really break the gameplay.  Oh! And I hate the grandfather's note! Some puzzles don't provide any tip for you, and all you could do was to try every possibility, which is quite boring. Guess it's time to look for tips in the note? It should provide tips about puzzles for players, right? But, it does more than that... it's a puzzle guide provides complete puzzle solution... Well, I prefer hard puzzle with a few tips, which is fun to solve, but not meaningless puzzle with solution on your hand...(*The story is very simple but exciting, however, the music doesn't make me feel that way. This may be due to my personal taste so I don't put this in cons =0=)Overall, the game is ambitious, but not good enough for the full price. If you are a big fan of Indiana Jones, you may try this game, but don't expect too much from it."
,Recommended,231330,26663874,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hiss,"Good game overall.Pretty graphics, very high quality models and most likely textures, nice environment, nice story.The game is nice, though a little buggy with the guns, some shots don't register in single player mode when shooting through a wire fence (or maybe it's intended.. Weird though). Haven't tested MP yet. This happens rarely, so it's not that much of a bother.The only things that actually bothered me.. For single player; is that the AI is dumb; and character's animations sort of off. It would have been great with a lil more refining on the animations and character surface constraints, things like that. The animation is always the same when they walk, even on tipping surfaces. Voice acting could have been much better too; the rest of the audio work is really good. Other than that, I like the game. Optimisation is good, I run it perfectly with all settings on maximum.Art style is great too."
,Recommended,231330,32174034,Posted: 4 June,all,=EGC= _Nite_,"Excellent Game as far as single player, I really enjoyed the adventure mode, it was like Idiana jones meets tomb raider, and it has a bit of elements from Alan Wake as well.Don;t expect to do multiplayer though unless ya have a friends to join yaThe only problem I had with the game is when you exit the game the framerate smoothing keeps turning on and AA getting set to OFF. I need framerate smoothing off for 144fps to work, and AA I can set to 16X since it uses the very optimized unreal game engineOverall I recommend it for the single player, get it on sale at 75% off it was worth the $6 I paid for it"
76561198012833532,Recommended,231330,32566955,Posted: 19 June,all,Awesomo 2000,"Old school shooter that is not trying to be anything else. It looks average at best, plays similar, but it doesnt want to be anything more and game is proud to be what it is. You can collect treasures to upgrade your abilities, which is completely optional and you have a few simple puzzles to solve. It is not awesome, you will probably forget it in a while, but games like this dont offend me and I dont regret those few hours spent playing this."
76561198012474009,Not Recommended,231330,34267553,Posted: 15 August,all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,"Shame. This Indiana Jones / Uncharted first-person shooter adventure could have been far better with a few adjustments. I purchased this on sale for $5, and that's the only way I can recommend it here. Not worth a penny more.If they drop it down from $20 normal price then I could definitely make this a posetive recommendation.PROS+ Runs superb. Few signs of console port design.+ Environments are beautiful both on the technical and artistic side of things.+ Guns are very robust and fun to use. Great animations, models, and sound design. Shame about the Call of Duty-level recoil though.+ Levels flow well and break up combat and puzzle solving fairly well.+ The mummy enemy types use the Alan Wake system of ""use light to break their protection then shoot them dead"" dynamic. It's not original, but it's executed well in later levels when different varieties of mummies come at you at once.+ A few puzzles on later levels are pretty compelling, same with the increased enemy variety and boss fights.+ Lots of little side puzzles for optional collectable treasures. These are often harder than the story puzzles and they encourage a little exploring off the fairly linear journey.NEUTRAL+- Music is very appropriate and well assembled. It does its job, but it's largely forgettable. Sounds like it could have been in any Indiana Jones movie.+- I made the mistake of playing on Normal. Was waaaay too easy for anyone who's touched a shooter before. I haven't tried Hard, but I can assume it's a more quality experience. No way to change your difficulty midway through!+- The multiplayer is completely dead, if you didn't assume already. While I can't officially judge it without trying it, all the modes are extremely basic CTF/deathmatch achetypes. Probably just something the publisher forced an outside studio to tack on.CONS- The protagonist. He's awful to the point of almost killing this game completely. His voice actor should be shot or at least blacklisted from the industry. He gives the wrong inflections on EVERYTHING and sounds like he had no director working with him at all. Along with that, they try to make him a gruff, snarky, sarcastic Indiana Jones-type guy, but often comes off either as a pissy snob that complains about everything, or some robot that never grasps the severity of the situation.- The other characters and story. Your female sidekick is pretty good, but everyone else from main characters to basic enemies range from generic and barely serviceable to awful and lamentable. Everything about this game is cliche, derivative, or forgettable. Ancient civilization blah blah, ancient artificat where you assemble the three pieces blah blah, evil Russians evil Nazis blah blah. Seems like any pulp rag you could pick up, but it's not trying to be campy and suffers for it.- Very slow burn starting out. The more interesting enemies and puzzles don't appear until the last 1/3 of the game.- Human/firearm shootouts aren't anything you haven't done 1000 times before and probably better. The enemies are very dumb and unthreatening.- The skilltree system is a complete boring waste, which is a shame because the means of acquiring skilltree currency (hidden treasures) is pretty fun. This is pretty much the epitome of a tacked on skilltree system. Your upgrades consist of ""more health, more health, even more health, reload faster, run faster before fatiguing, less recoil,"" etc. I did play the game on Normal, but these are largely optional quality-of-life upgrades, as I didn't even get a single one during my playthrough. I didn't need them, it was easy enough, so I couldn't imagine using 4 health bonuses.- Most puzzles are a joke. The cool concept is that your ancestor was a great explorer that mapped out the puzzles for you in a notebook and you can use it to help you complete them. Cool. Unfortunately, most of these puzzles are easy to the point you can just trial-and-error them or see the solution instantly... and I'm normally terrible at puzzle games. Your assistants will shout obvious clues at you too if you take more than 5 seconds to complete them.- One or two puzzles have no rhyme or reason to them, they're literally just guesswork.CONCLUSIONIf you're WAY into the ""ancient civilization / 20th century explorer"" type genre, then you might like this game on a sale price. Shooting is largely serviceable, puzzles are pretty easy, but there's enough of both of them that you shouldn't buy this if you're looking for strictly a shooter/puzzle game. Story is forgettable, as are all the characters. The main protagonist's VA is a crime against video games.It could have been a short, sweet little adventure, but nothing sucks you out of the gravity of the world and the danger like a bunch of robot characters."
76561198166620870,Recommended,231330,25517838,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Very under-rated game, it's nice to see this game get some better review ratings as of late.In short, if you like Egyptian lore or dug The Mummy movies with Brandon Fraser then you should definitely check this out.The first reviews stated that the game had some bugs and glitches but I havent ran into any so I'm guessing they've been fixed at this point.The controls are smooth, the combat is just okay. The character models are crap but environmwnts and their layouts make up for all this!It's kinda like a first person Uncharted or Tomb Raider in a way. It's not open world but the levels are huge and very open for you to explore.The writing is great although the voice acting can be underwhelming. Still, this is very fun despite the cons. It's a must have for people who are fascinated with Egyptian lore and things like Pyramids with changing rooms and puzzles."
76561198008141314,Recommended,231330,34976092,Posted: 15 September,all,Nyarlathotep,"This game feels like cross between The Mummy and Indiana Jones. Only worse.Gameplaywise it's a mix between meh-to-good puzzles and your standart shoot all the bad guys in the room in order to move on to the next area.What's good1- The game has managed to capture the spirit of adventure movies. You'll see Egypt, travel to the Antarctic and and make your way through Mayan city, with each section broken up into subsections like pyramid, mines and catacombs, etc.2- Collectibles in the game actually have a purpose. They can be used to improve your character's abilities.3- The main protagonist.4- Separate difficulty settings for combat and puzzles5- Some of the puzzles are really quite fun6- Really good variety of weapons. Sadly there is 2 weapons limit.7- Your flashlight. Being the annoying flashlight guy is really entertaining.What's not so good:1- The AI is frustratingly dumb. The enemy soldiers will desperately trying to shoot youwhile being hidden behind cover, which means they will constantly shoot into the walls. Sometimes they stand still (this holds true for enemies further away), sometimes they will hide behind coverwhile their head is clearly visible. But if you're an idiot like me and play on hard combat difficulty, you'll discover they hit like trucks and their little melee attack is an instant kill (WHY?!!) and has ridiculous range. It's really sad that the mummies seem more intelligent than the living soldiers.2- The game is crawling with glitches, nothing gamebreaking though (EDIT: my game has crashed). But sometimes I had to reload the game in order to fix my character's hand spazzing out while using the diary/compass/treasure map. There is also a notable texture pop-in. Some puzzles require you to scale down FOV in order to be playable without you losing your mind, because the higher the FOV, the further away the puzzle is (notable examples- a sliding puzzle). On topic of FOV, don't turn it all the way to 140, because objects in your peirpheral vision will be stretched (it's especially funny if the leading lady of the story suddenly gains 100 kg by being at the side of the screen).3- I said you can upgrade your character, but the upgrades themselves aren't particularily interesting.4- Some puzzles are snorefest, especially when the right answer (not just a hint, but the solution) is inside Quatermain's diary.5- Quatermain is allergic to water, so entering larger pools of water is lethal to him.6- Some treasures can be obnoxious to get. Normally that wouldn't be a problem, but there is particular treasure piece, which will make you pull your hair out, because it involves crossing water pit by jumping on sinking/resurfacing platforms. There is clear pattern, buuut sometimes it doesn't work and the platform thatshouldn't sinkwill sink with you on it and kill you. Also, you need pixel perfect precision for the last jump, because the platform is so tiny.7- Lame boss battlesConclusionIt's a mixed bag. Parts of it are really good and parts of it are really bad. But at the end of the day, I was having fun, so I'm going to reccomend it with a warning- if you want to get this game, wait for sale."
76561197970482328,Recommended,231330,26695827,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,fjk1138,"This game plays like a cross between Tomb Raider (minus all the climbing and whatnot), Indiana Jones (minus the whip), and National Treasure (minus...I dunno, Nick Cage, I guess).  If you can forgive the faults of this game, you can have a good time with it.  It's not perfect: the combat plays like crap, the voice acting flat out sucks in places, and the music loops constantly and gets annoying quickly, but it does have some minor puzzle solving elements that even an impatient person like me can stand.  All that and the level design is really beautiful, especially in the early Egyptian parts, so if anything else enjoy it for the scenery.  I got it on sale for $4.99 and it's worth about that much."
,Recommended,231330,18177285,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,mooz,"Contrary to the stupid metacritic rating, there's nothing really wrong with this game!It's basically a Tomb Raider/Indiana Jones exercise with no platforming, less emphasis on puzzles, and heavy emphasis on shooting. And the shooting feels right at home, since the game is made with the well established Unreal3 engine.There is even a sexy sidekick, who supplies the British accent as another reminder of Tomb Raider. Oh, and don't forget the collectibles, used for character ability upgrades.So other than a terrible main character who sounds like a lame cross between Duke Nukem and Postal Dude, this game has great graphics, performance, gameplay, and can be about 10-12 hours long. Surely an excellent choice when on sale!  (No idea about the multi-player stuff, didn't bother.)"
76561198000471581,Recommended,231330,27937326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wancelot,"When I first saw this game on Steam I had never heard about it. I read the description and it said it was a game about exploring, puzzles and gunplay. I love to play adventure games so I put it on my wishlist and bought it in sale for 4.99 EUR.I have just completed it and here's my review:Well, it got me interested until the last boss, let me looking for hidden treasures and the shooting felt satisfying. The puzzles were good aswell. Some I figured out instantly and others got me, a 25 year old educated man, thinking for a while.The biggest thing this game delivers is the environment. The temples are well designed and the outside areas really set the mood. I even had some ""woooow!!""-moments.Here's the downsides: the voice acting wasn't really splendid and cutscene's were clumsy sometimes and OH MY GOD I hated that girl, Jen, so much! She just gets in the way and says stupid, obvious things.The story was, again, not great but decent with a few twists, but not a lot of character development.Some people are complaining about bugs but I encountered just 2 bugs and they didn't obscured my progress so no complains here.So in short: this is a very decent game, made for casual gamers who are looking for an adventure game with about 15 to 20 hours of gameplay. Don't expect a great story or indept characters. Buy it when on sale and you won't regret it."
76561197979918656,Recommended,231330,33526563,Posted: 13 July,all,Nootch,"Very fun adventure game played in the traditions of Indiana Jones and Allan Quartermain - even though you play as his descendant.  Enjoyed solving the puzzles which were not too easy and not too difficult to figure out.  Would be nice if there was a sequel in the works.Performance-wise - it had a few graphic issues and play control problems here and there, but not too big to really complain about."
76561198025176317,Not Recommended,231330,10582055,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,beltsquid,"I cannot recommend this game at the full $40 price point, however that doesn't necessarily mean that it's not worth trying out at a discount.  The levels are large, gorgeous, and fun to explore and I enjoyed teasing out the solutions to the various puzzles.  However, the game was prone to breaking in frustrating ways, some of which could not be solved by loading a checkpoint; this occasionally rendered treasure collection impossible.  Moreover, the update made substantial changes to the first couple of levels, and that is poorly documented in-game, or indeed anywhere but the Steam forums themselves.   The story, characters, and voice acting are middling at best, but if you can get past that it can be a fun shooter with an action-adventure flair that is sadly in short supply.  Adjust your expectations accordingly and wait for a good deal before you try it out, though."
76561198039394097,Recommended,231330,21110443,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nitro,"This game is pretty damn good for what it is. It gets alot of unwarranted hate, which is sad.The game is basically a first person version of those indiana jones games everyone owned when they were kids, whether it was the infernal machine (God i miss that one) Or the emporers tomb, this is a game for people who like being chased by boulders and trying to sharpshoot a switch while a cieling slowly comes down to make you into a pancake.Also, killing nazis never gets old, and the badass guns you get to do it with? Heavenly. Suomi? yes please. Webley revolvers? dont mind if i do!the real pitfalls (Haaa..haaa) In this game come mostly from aesthetics, the cinematics are AWFUL. They look like they were done by a proponent of ancient back braces, every character looks awful in them, but ingame they look fine. The story is sometimes cut out in sound bugs and that sucks too, but its a minor concern as the cutscenes are small and most of what you are going to be doing is battle and puzzles, Quartermain isnt here for story, he wants to shoot people and get rich, which i can relate to.Pick it up on sale for a good few hours of good Indiana jones-style fun."
76561197969379991,Recommended,231330,30614792,Posted: 19 March,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,"if u like cheesy adventure indiana jones style action, you'll like this"
76561198105293281,Recommended,231330,13820150,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PeepersLand,"It's  good game,  beautiful graphics.Linux. Arch. NVIDIA Driver Version: 343.36.660 gtx all ""very high"", all smooth.Short freez while saving,  and first start  appromaxetly 2-3 min"
76561198074037869,Recommended,231330,20480559,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BeserkerBatey,"Imagine if Lara Croft, Nathan Drake, Indiana Jones and Rick O'Connel from the Mummy had a passionate orgy.Deadfall Adventures is the guy that comes in and cleans up afterwards.It's like badly filtered Orange juice - it's pulpy. But hey, that's the appeal. I'm recommending it on the premise that it's on sale and you just want another FPS to burn through."
76561197999607039,Recommended,231330,29717507,Posted: 5 February,all,raferaf,"I liked this game. Graphics and story line were all good. At times it was too easy, scoring headshots with mid range weapon miles away. Voice acting was a bit over the top and some simplistic writing. But if you like action adventure FPS Indiana Jones type of game this game is one of the better ones.  Some awesome puzzles in this game which makes it better than most FPS shootem ups."
76561198171354842,Recommended,231330,29053142,Posted: 5 January,all,Bravo777,Very Indiana Jones'ish. Nice to play with friends.
76561198132286296,Recommended,231330,25535651,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,the tree sniper of suijin,"deadfall adventures is.... well, its not perfect. thats not to say i wouldn't recommend it, because i would, and am. but it has its faults, such as a colison detection problem with grenades, a few other minor bugs here and there, and the multiplayer is entirely empty (not broken i don't think, just empty). however, for all its faults i do not regret the purchase, the game is still fun, unique in its way, and i highly recomend it."
76561198190357726,Recommended,231330,26639929,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Strong Wolves,"I read through the reviews before buying this game, and I finally did. I have only played a few hours so far, but I have loved every step I have taken in the game. It's not much but the areas you can explore suck me in and I enjoy looking around the few spots it lets you. Over all so far I would rate this game a 8/10"
76561197972469397,Recommended,231330,29197414,Posted: 11 January,all,bi204-1,"I Love this game!  Its great for anyone who likes a mix of arcade style action and elaborate Indiana Jones Style puzzle solving, minus the whip.  Didn't play the multipler, and I only really bought this game for single player campaign, so I will not touch on the multiplayer in this review.  However, that doesn't mean that I won't try the multiplayer eventually.   You can only get so much out of the single player campaign, especially since there isn't much that seems to be randomized in this game.  I have only played the game on its easiest settings, but it was enough of a challenge for me.  Perhaps that would be too easy for you, but you can play the game on a higher difficulty.Speaking of difficulty.  You can set both the combat difficulty and the puzzle difficulty, to determine how much you want to improve your shooting and mental skills.There are a ton of puzzles in this game, and some of them can be a bit of a challenge even on the lowest setting.  A few will kill you instantly if you make a mistake.  I may still choose to raise the puzzle difficulty the next time I play, since most of them were pretty easy.In addition, in some cases you can use the traps to kill your enemies, but your timing has to be right, otherwise they will escape unscathed.   It is still a plus through, becouse it adds a bit more stratagy to the game.All of the weapons are great and I really loved how they set it up so that you need to focus the light from your flashlight, ( or ""torch"" as people in the UK call them ) on the mummies in order to kill them.  If you don't, your bullets will not harm them.  You will just keep shooting them until they manage to kill you instead.  That is a pretty unique game play mechanic that makes the mummies far more challenging than they otherwise would be, even though it took me a little while to figure it out.  It was a bit embarrassing given the fact that it kept telling me to use the ""alt key"" to focus the beem.There are also a few plot twists, one of which may shock you.I usually prefer the old school ""look for med kits to replenish your health"" system in video games, particulary first person shooters.  I was a bit disappointed that it had a modern regenerative health system rather than something like the health system in Duke Nukem 3D or Half Life.  Regenerative health systerms usually make games too hard for me, since they tend to really pile on the enemies, assuming the playing is always going to be at full health. However the health system worked well for this game, and I don't think I would change it too much.  It would be really cool through if they added a special hardcore mode where health didn't regenerate and the player had to look for healt packs to restore their health.I also really enjoyed the treasure hunting mechanic.  Its also really nice how you can use the treasure to uprgrade Quertermane's abilities.  However, it would have been better in my opinion if you could have used the treasures to upgrade his abilities in anyway you wanted, instead of having to search for specific treasures for specific abilities.There are a few other improvements they could have made to this game.Although the weapon design was good, and the choices made sense for the time period that this game takes place ( around World War 2 ) it was a bit of a let down for me that you didn't have any melee weapons.  You can't even use your guns as melee weapons.  Luckily you do have a pistol that has infinate ammo.  You can however swicth pistol with other weapons, but weapons in the pistol slot tend to have infinate ammo.  Weapons in the second gun and explosive slots do not have unlimited ammo. It would have been more realistic if none of your weapons had infinate ammo and instead you could use them as melee weapons when you were low on ammunition.( Minor spoiler warning concerning the enemies in this game )-------------------------For one thing, the enemy variety is a bit lacking.  That may sound strange to anyone who has played the game, given the fact that there are lot of enemies, that said, most of them behave similarly and use similar weapons.  The human enemies may look different from eachother, but they all tend to behave in a similar manner, and for the most part they all seem to have the same number of hit points.   For that reason alone I would have liked it if they could have found a way to include another supernatural enemy in addition to the mummies.  There was a unique mummy / plant creature that I got to fight near the end of the game in South America, however, encounters with that creature were few and far between.  I wish I had encountered them more often, since they really did provide a challenge and were a bit faster and seemed to have more hit points than the normal mummies.  I did see alligators at one point in a cut scene, but I never got to fight them and I was bit dissapointed by that.  Fighting wild animals in addition to the soilders and the mummies could have really added a bit more variety to the combat.------------------------------------------(end of spoilers)Over all this was a great game, in spite of some of its flaws."
,Recommended,231330,13909896,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,rommeldog,"So, For having been released in 2013 I was a bit let down my the overall graphics. The game was fun to play but felt limited overall. I will finish my playthru but will not probably play it again for a while. I did have an ocasional problem where the screen will pixel out and you cannot see anything. This was uaually after going to a menu and then back to the game.  So all that said if you find it on sale and you like this sort of game I would recommend it. Just don't expect to get a Highly polished game."
,Recommended,231330,18130487,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Phishfood,"Saying this game is inspired by Indiana Jones would be an understatement. Treasure hunting, puzzle solving, ancient traps, single-handedly taking on most of the Nazi army and a mine cart rollercoaster feature prominently.Plotline is enough to keep things moving, although it does little more than that. Characters are archetypical and plotlines are frequently common tropes. That said the gameplay itself is fun and varied. Best of all so far not a single puzzle has required me to go out of game and google for a solution, unlike many other puzzle based games. In fact, I would recommend starting on a difficulty above normal.On the downside there are a few bugs. The animations in cut-scenes are sometimes quite laughable, occasionally the NPC scripts don’t fire off in a timely manner leaving you staring at a gate you can’t open, waiting for them to finish whatever it is NPCs do when not bending to the will of the player. None of these bugs have yet proven game breaking, just mildly irritating. I’ve seen far worse bugs from bigger devs, that’s for sure.Overall – well worth a look, some great fun moments slightly marred by poor game behaviour."
76561198025231808,Not Recommended,231330,9414703,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,13thMurder,"This was a very disappointing game for many reasons. It seems like it could be great, but it's just not.Mainly, because it's very buggy. Try to take cover behind objects in the environment, and chances are you'll end up stuck, and have to load the game to get out. The cutscenes are really quite buggy as well. Quartermain (the protagonist) can often be seen weilding what appears to be modern semi-automatic pistols in cutscenes, yet these do not appear at any point in the game. In other cutscenes he weilds his revolvers, which are actually weapons in the game. Sometimes he's wearing a hat in one cutscene, it's gone in the next, yet mysteriously reappears in the one after that. No explaination there.There are tons of bugs though. Sometimes the FOV gets stuck after zooming in with a weapon, so the player's view is zoomed in while the weapon is no longer being aimed, or even wielded.Sometimes when switching between the compass or notepad and a weapon, it gets stuck, making combat impossible until the game is re-loaded.Sometimes the player is killed by traps that are too far away to possibly do any harm (such as being killed by a spear coming through the floor a few feet to the player's side)Attempting to jump over even small objects is pointless. Even though the player does appear to jump to a decent height, attempting to jump over a small rock or crate is impossible, and usually just results in getting stuck inside it.Occasionally for no appearent reason, the notepad or compass will sort of jiggle around or float above the player's hand.Other annoyances seem intentional, such as all of the insta-death traps, invisible walls that kill the player, and the fact that for some reason Quartermain dies on contact with water. Falling any distance is pretty much survivable, even though there is falling damage. However dropping off of a low ledge into an area the devs don't want you going results in instant death, and it's not always easy to tell where you aren't meant to go.These annoyances wouldn't be too terrible if it wasn't for the checkpoint system being used somewhat sparingly. Dying can send you back half a level.Quartermain's voice acting is terrible and sounds forced. Which is particularly odd when you consider the fact that every other character in the game seems to have decent voice actors.The puzzles are pretty disappointing as well. They don't make you think at all. Most of them make absolutely no sense without using the notebook which the game constantly nags you to open with text that pops up on the screen. The notebook pretty much gives step by step instructions on how to solve each puzzle. There's nothing to solve, just instructions to follow that tell you exactly what to do.The combat is bland as well. It comes in short bursts, and there are really no surprises. Whenever you're about to enter any kind of combat, you usually get a cutscene first, or at the very least hear the enimies loudly talking which gives far too much warning.To inspire exploration, there are artifacts hidden throughout the game as well, however most of which are hidden in plain sight, and if any aren't, your compass points you right to them. To make things even easier, if you don't have the compass out when you're in the general area of an artifact, an indicator flashes on the screen, and if that doesn't make it easy enough, there's even a treasure map for each level. But these artifacts don't seem to do all too much. You can trade them in for upgrades at statues, but the upgrades are very subtle. A little more health, a little faster reload time... and i didn't really notice much of any difference after upgrading the attributes, so it's hardly worth it.The story line is pretty bad too. -MILD SPOILERS HERE- You spend the entire game looking for pieces of an artifact, then by the end of the game, you never figure out what it really is, or even what it does. The final boss uses it to become... powerful in some rather generic way, then it's gone when you defeat him.I had very high expectations for this game, because i really do tend to enjoy this genre, but this game... not so much. Certainly not worth $40. If you can pick it up in a sale for well under $10, maybe give it a try. But it's actually a pretty terrible game. Incredibly buggy too. If it were an early access game, i could forgive it, but it's not."
76561198346512992,Recommended,231330,33133163,Posted: 2 July,all,sipi1980,"At first I was so disappointed as the game said that this is about exploring and discovering things. But this was about everything else just not about exploring. After a while I started to enjoy it and it could give me exciting minutes and more. It has so many potential they just missed many of it though it is entertaining indeed. Still, you can be Indiana Jones like figure and can enjoy the graphics and the beautiful environments but don't have high expectations."
,Recommended,231330,27215171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stoneinfocus,"Recommended for those who like Indiana Jones, Uncharted, Tomb Raider, etc. The gameplay can be a little buggy, and the voice acting and story leave something to be desired, especially if you compare it to the Uncharted series. I also found the combat to be much too easy on hard difficulty. However, if you go into it with the mindset of just having some casual fun, between the nice graphics, immersive locations, and a dose of humor, it'll do a decent job of wetting your appetite for adventure."
,Recommended,231330,18050485,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Sagacious Joe,"This is an okay game, which is sad, because it feels like it could have been a great game.In brief, you play James Quatermain, the grandson of H. Rider Haggard's Allan Quatermain, a fictional big game hunter who spent most of his life in Africa, seeking to improve the lives of the native people without destroying their culture--so, Allan wasn't a terrible guy, and the simple fact is...the game should have been about him. In their desire to emulate all the Quatermain knockoffs, primarily Indiana Jones, the developers instead make an Indiana Jones knockoff. You fight Nazis who are trying to steal some ancient relics that are mysterious sources of power, bring a potential love interest along, have, for a while, a wise cracking cohort (somewhat surprisingly a German), and solve puzzles while ruining ancient tombs. So, the story is somewhat lacking.Gameplay wise, it's nothing special. Combat works alright. There's a limit cover mechanic, though shooting out of it isn't smooth, grenades aren't devastating to you or your enemies. There's a flashlight mechanic for dealing with risen mummies that's straight out of a horror game, and even on higher difficulty settings makes them the least dangerous enemies except in occasional swarms.There's a system for increasing your skills and attributes, but you could go the entire game without doing it and not suffer. It works based on locating artifacts that give you points, and a sufficient number of points let you up things like health, stamina, weapon reload time, the flashlight enhancing skill, and so on. But, again, their help is minimal, and it feels tacked on. Also tacked on: treasure maps that show you where the artifacts are, but without a birds eye view for location context, they're not all that useful.The puzzles are kind of fun, but if you take too long, your female companion starts spouting off a helpful line of dialogue--just one, over and over and over, until you want to shoot her.Things that would've added greatly: Better characterization. The sexual tension was laughable, and the script could definitely use a once-over. More back and forth between the characters would've actually been okay for those long walks between combat sessions, while the combat dialogue could've used more than the female character always complaining that the Nazis were moving closer to her. This was especially true in one hilarious context in which she was nowhere near the action, just waiting for me to take a standard slow video game elevator down while under fire. She was in literally no danger, and just kept repeating that one line over and over.A better spread of weapons, or modifiable weapons, would've been nice.Some sort of stealth mechanic would've actually gone a long way. You disarm occasional traps, how about setting some?And, finally, the lead character feels wrong. If the devs wanted to do a story in Quatermain's universe, how about doing one about Quatermain?I feel like this is one of those rare instances where a sequel could outshine its original. It's a pretty firm 7/10. Grab it on sale, play it once, forget about it."
76561198142687168,Recommended,231330,18051250,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,andylaw281268,"Got the game for £3.29 and enjoying killing multiple mummy's and Nazi's!The puzzles dont hold your progression back for to long before your next action scene, which is a bonus.for £3 your going to get a good few hours of adventure and fun!....mummy says buy...buy!"
76561198005573756,Recommended,231330,15028197,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Blunt Force,I really enjoyed playing Deadfall ...nice game
76561198069983128,Recommended,231330,14656950,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ChasingTheDark,"""Arctic Nazi Submarine Mummies? Any other time that might be unusual.""Deadfall Adventures is a decent first person shooter, action adventure game, with fun puzzles and beautiful graphics, but with voice acting, dialogue, and repetitive combat that brings it down. Good idea that seemed rushed, unpolished, and left with untapped potential. Worth one playthrough of decent length, not much to come back for though.*Gameplay*+ Decently fun, good distraction+ Some great puzzles- A lot of tedious and/or boring puzzles+ Combat is mildly entertaining+ Mummies!- Repetitive combatSome very cool, and interesting puzzles, surrounded by many tedious, boring puzzles that bring down the overall quiality of the game. Combat is fun but gets repetitive quite quickly, but having mummies and occasionally changing the weapons and appearance of enemies helps keep it sort of interesting.*Graphics*+ Beautiful Environments+ Amazing Graphics, the water, plants, ect, all looked great- Not enough varietyAmazingly looking graphics and beautiful environments throughout the game. Plants, water, enemies, temples, everything looks well-polished, but what it makes up for in quality, it lacks in variety. Many environments (which takes place in different parts of the world) look almost identical with little variation.*Dialogue/Cutscenes/Story*+ Occasionally something interesting would happen+ Decent story- Slow quite often- Painful, PAINFUL dialogue- Clunky cutscenesThe story in Deadfall Adventures is mildly interesting at best, with only a few moments of actual true interest, despite it being quite predictable. Slow throughout the whole game, clunky cutscenes that are badly executed, and some of the worst dialogue I have seen in a game in a while. It was cringe worthy half the time and the other half I simply felt embarrassed for them.*Exploration/Adventuring Aspect*+ Fun side puzzles occasionally+ Feel like you're actually on an adventure at times- Pretty linear path- Minimal actual ""exploration"" (More just looking around in a decently sized area for a shiny)The exploration aspect is almost non-existent, however; they have mini puzzles when attempting to retrieve artifacts that make them interesting enough for me to look for them. You are basically on one path, look around the area for artifacts you can find, move on to the next area, and get locked out from going back, forcing you to replay an entire section if you wish to go back.*Overall*I recommend this game, but get it on sale. It is entertaining enough to play through, collect what artifacts you can, and enjoy a decently engaging story (if you can get passed the very painful, and often times embarrassing dialogue).Good for one playthrough, wouldn't go back for a second time, but good enough game to pass the time. Very good idea, but feels rushed and badly executed throughout. Decent combat and fun puzzles bring this game up, but frustrating, tedious puzzles, and repetitive combat situations bring the game down in quality and enjoyment. I personally did not try multiplayer as I have zero interest, considering I disliked the combat in singleplayer.Buy it on sale."
76561197998044166,Recommended,231330,26634462,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,OutTwixd,There is no Coop how the datails says thats makes me angrybut its a good game.
,Recommended,231330,19914023,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bugijugi,Alan wake meets wolfenstein!
,Recommended,231330,26650744,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,AL,Few bugs but overall amazing game and totally worth money spending!
,Recommended,231330,14759659,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dave247,"(Only regarding ""Adventure"" mode, which is the singleplayer campaign.)A Indina jones esque like game, first person shooter. very action-y with puzzle though mostly quite simple. Along with self-interested treasure seeking character and an obligatory female companion.  Nevertheless very a fun and enjoyable game."
76561198158563734,Recommended,231330,23856864,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blood1487,"This game has a large variety of puzzles that are challenging enough to hold the players interest until the end of the game. However, be prepared to google or look at some youtube videos if you're a player with less patience. This game attempts to imitate the atmosphere that is present in other titles, such as. Tomb Raider and in most cases delivers. However, the plot of the campaign is rather dull storywise, with the main protaganist providing generic one liners. The gun play is basic but effective and the game is well-optimized. I didn't experience almost any large FPS drops or glitches while playing through the campaign.I rate this game 7.5/10. This game is definitely worth picking up when it is discounted."
76561198194650987,Recommended,231330,18054297,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Owen_Wilson,"****BUY THIS GAME****YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTEDno, seriously, ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.This game is so under-rated. I've been playing it for 5 hours straight and I have yet to be diappointed, I mean for ♥♥♥♥s sake , youre killing NAZIS and finding ancient treasure. Yeah the animations and voice-overs are a little cheesy but don't let that shy you away. It's a great game.no, it has nothing to do with Indiana Jones, you dumb ♥♥♥♥s.10/10 would risk my life for my trusty side-kick and her perfect round booty to find old♥♥♥♥♥treasure  any day"
76561198164706315,Recommended,231330,18498857,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,potter.07,This Game is AMAZING it is like the Tomb Raider series you have to kill things solve puzzles and get treasure i HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME 10/10
76561198093145458,Not Recommended,231330,17451506,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"This game desperately wants to be the Indiana Jones action-adventure game that never existed.  To some extent, it succeeds, riding on the coattails of a lot of what made Raiders of the Lost Ark and Allan Quatermain great.  Unfortunately, dull combat against hordes of nearly identical enemies that don't do much doesn't help matters, and although many of the puzzles are pretty good (and the ""notepad"" hint system nice), and the environs mostly pretty, there's a sad repetitiveness to it and the acting is bluntly pretty bad.  The section in the ice temple area seems to drag on way too long.  Basically, the game seems like it was rushed or incomplete... more time needed to be invested in enemy design and AI and more variety in the shootybangs sequences.  All in all, just kind of ""meh""."
76561197997670190,Recommended,231330,19658122,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,atitec,"This is a must have game, especially if you're a Linux user!I'd say the game is somewhere between Wolfenstein and Tomb Raider. Very well constructed and designed. Sensible and absolutely enjoyable, apart from a few annoying parts, that you have to do over and over again. But, which game doesn't have those parts? It's a FPS, but some puzzle to tackle with, which makes it more interesting. So it's not just shoot them up and that's it. Very colour full and the environment is keep changing throughout the game.I'd say it's getting more and more difficult to find a good game out there lately. It's all about zombies these days, which I find very boring. Although, this has some of them too, I still feel like it's a spot on game. Think about Return to castle of Wolfenstein. Probably it's the closest game I'd mention.Very sorry for the lack of Linux support. The game freezes very often when a video or some additional data is about to be loaded. Starting of the game is a little bit long, but be patient it's worth it. Sometimes, it's just stops and you have to restart the game.If you are a Linux user, as I've mentioned it, it's a must have game, not only for the fun but for the support as well. You won't be disappointed.Hoping this game will become a series."
76561198050347543,Not Recommended,231330,34233890,Posted: 14 August,all,Jaigyn,"I was hoping for an interesting fun FPS with puzzles. I got the FPS. And I got some interesting puzzles. But the fun part was missing sadly. I've always enjoyed adventures set in Africa during the turn of the century and have fond memories of King Solomon's Mines & Allan Quartermain movies with Richard Chamberlain. Sadly those memories will stay that way as this video game developed by The Farm 51 and published by Nordic Games did not live up to my very basic expectations.I did enjoy the game for what it was but the production team took too many liberties in trying to make it appeal to the modern audience. The character dialogue was full of modern pop culture references which made no sense. Everything from Indiana Jones to the Terminator (yep!) is sampled at one point or another. It takes away from the setting & mood.I can live with generic action and I can live with puzzles with very few clues but the lackluster storyline and repetitive combats wear you down, not to mention puzzles that don't make much thematic sense or enginerring sense on how the ancient civilisations even made them.The magic is never really explained or even commented on by the main characters and the twist that could have turned it all around was when the villiain turns good guy to only become a villain again 10 mins later. Urgh.If it's cheap and you like FPS puzzles then you may get your $5 out of this when the steam bargins arise but otherwise I'd suggest you avoid.The sad thing is the dev team clearly had some interesting ideas with the concept art that was thrown away. A real shame considering it was going to look into more than just Zombies/Mummies as your monsters but nope whomever was in charge didn't want to stray into something that would have set this game apart.The music is decent but once again repetitive but the OST you can get in the collector's edition is actually really good, as is the art book and there is a 12 part making of series if you want to spend 45 mins. Tho the project lead looks bored AF, motion capture segment was dull and I don't know what the hell was going on with the ""Mummies in the office"" video but at least the team looks like they are having fun.  I honestly think the team at Farm 51 tried hard but I guess you hit some and you miss some."
,Not Recommended,231330,33730379,Posted: 22 July,all,Koopa_|BC|,"I tried very hard to like this game, but it's just not great.It's a passable Tomb Raider/Indiana Jones/First Person Shooter.The guns are far from good. The voice acting is bad. The NPC's are as clunky as Goldeneye 64.The puzzles are simple, monotonous, overall... It's just not a good game.Bought on a steam sale for £3.99, it's worth that, nothing more."
76561198080761848,Recommended,231330,13150239,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,n.e77,"o.k, first i must say that the graphics of that game are really splendid, you got there some fine views... the other things like the plot or the voice acting and puzzles are o.k but not more then that, anyway the importent to me that would drive me to give this game 10/10 points, is the joy that finally someone is doing the good fun old indiana jones games style but with updated good graphics and all, why is everybody always doing all those sad and rotten zombie/ horror games? why don't make a happy and good-feeling-leaving games like this game or ps3 uncharted, that were so enjoyable to play... hope someone high there is reading this review and will do something..."
76561198061097572,Recommended,231330,7679959,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,wooHard,"Неказистое, но крайне приятное и атмосферное приключенчение, которых нынче выходит крайне мало. Прекрасно передаёт дух таких олдскульных франшиз, как, к примеру, те же ""Индиана Джонс"" и ""Мумия"".8.5/10 в своём жанре"
,Recommended,231330,18240453,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,disc0rd,"If you're one of those who likes the Indiana Jones movies and the Uncharted games, then this might be a game for you. It's a first person shooter where you shoot yourself through a temple in Egypt, a temple in the Arctic, the ""Mayan"" jungle and also a Mayan temple... as earlier stated; Much like Indiana Jones and Uncharted.The year is 1938, you take the role as James Lee Quatermain and he gets the mission to escort Jennifer Goodwin into a temple in Egypt - go in, get the thing she's after and then get out, that kind of job. But as you're probably aware of, things go south... quickly. And you need to set things right. That's a simple way to explain the story.It looks GREAT. They did a great job (for the most part) with the models (the lip syncing went haywire towards the end of the game) and textures and environments, but when it comes to sound... that leaves a whole lot to be desired. The voice acting is not very good at all. Although the music is decent. The AI is hit and miss, sometimes it rushes you for no good reason, sometimes it just stays behind cover for no reason.So, in short, the game is ""hit and miss"". It's fun, keeps the player entertained throughout the eight hour long ""Adventure"" mode and there's a lot of puzzles throughout, most required to complete to be able to continue. But there shouldn't be any issues completing them, not if you're asking me. I bought the game for €3.99 and I wouldn't go over that if interested in buying it."
,Not Recommended,231330,23624752,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Galveraxe,Not a bad FPS. Just an average one that would have been enjoyable still.What makes me not recommend this is it's fairly glitchy - some of which are game breakers. I stopped playing this at a point where a bug prevented me from doing what I was supposed to in order to continue.
,Not Recommended,231330,9644871,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Mando,"Don't. Just don't.When I bought this game I was amazed by how good a game could look on the store page and how bad it could actually be. Deadfall Adventures combines boring puzzles with even worse fps elements, creating a game i cannot recommend to anybody. While the graphics may be pretty decent at some points, I could not motivate myself to keep playing after a couple of hours. Now some of you might say ""he doesn't know what he's talking about, the game becomes great after 10, 15 hours of gameplay."" I'm sorry, but, in my opinion, a game that can't keep you addicted -or even just interested- for 10 hours, is just not a good game.graphics 6/10gameplay 3/10story 4/10"
76561198029015946,Not Recommended,231330,9719326,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Red-Rog,"10 HRS on it and im bored already , im unimpressed by this games developers lack of imagination im guessing they must be  a group of eight year olds who have never seen indianna jones or heard of drakes fortune and thought they had written a new and origianl plot its a blantant rip off of both and its buggy"
76561198032973494,Recommended,231330,31759823,Posted: 14 May,all,sail64,"Spoilers ahead and a I can't remember how to black them out so read further at your own risk . . .  Okay it's pretty much ALL Spoilers, so there really isn't any point to blacking them out anyway . . .Okay, this is a badly written and rather silly game. You start out fighting Nazis in Egypt who are inexplicably armed with Thompson SMG's as well as Mausers and MP-38 SMG's.  Then you travel to the Arctic where halfway through the Nazi's are inexplicably replaced by Russians who have Suomi (pretty sure that's a Finnish SMG) and Federov SMG's but have Mauser rifles and still use the German 'Potato Masher' stick hand grenade.  And also have the occasional Thompson . . . You then move to Guatemala where you continue to fight Russians (and lots of mummies) until you kill the Boss Russian whereupon you fight mummies and . . . Arabs.  Was there a huge migration of Arab henchmen to South America in the 1930's that I never heard about? Oh and the switch to Russians is NEVER actually explained.  Apparently just having Nazis wasn't enough for the game designers.  Oh and the only plane available at this point in history was apparently the Ju-52 because EVERYONE flies one, Nazis, Russians and our hero too.So, flaws: Badly written, little thought given to having factions have their own nationalities weapons and not a random mishmash.  Some of the puzzles are pretty dumbIt's still a fun game though.  Scenery is pretty and you get to kill many many evil things without worrying about your karma or having the void stare back at you.  I wouldn't spend more than $5 or so on the game, but it IS worth that much."
,Not Recommended,231330,26697745,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TacoTruck,"There's plenty to dislike about this game:Unintuitive UI that could have you wandering around for minutes looking for the right thing to click. It's not that the puzzles are hard, but most of the challenge comes from finding the interactable object in each room that will trigger the puzzle event that's blended in with the rest of the scenery and without any indication of its importance.Combat feels uninspiring, it's an Alan Wake-style FPS that requires you to shine a flashlight at many enemy types to lower their shields before doing them in with bullets. This works in Alan Wake with its 3rd-person playstyle and dodge mechanics, but when surrounded by multiple foes, even with a broad FOV, it's very easy to get pummeled when you lose track of mummy #2 and mummy #3. There's very little damage feedback besides your vision getting blurred with a blood.png vignette, and you'll find yourself dying completely unaware that you were taking damage at all.Voice acting and cutscenes are stilted and of poor quality. I get that their localization budget was probably pretty limited, but it's not easy to immerse yourself in the lore or invest in the characters when look and sound like mannequins.However, I will say level design and the use of the Unreal Engine are both very well done. It looks very pretty while at the same time cramming in practically unlimited frames per second. You get a little of the UE-famous pop-in on some textures, mainly during cutscenes, and some mild screen tearing even with vsync.This game should be on the list of anyone who has to playeveryaction-puzzle game, but definitely not anyone else."
,Recommended,231330,18437381,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BASH,"Typical adventure game. The story was meh, and the gameplay was alright... I would play it when I had nothing better to do.7/10"
76561198016050852,Recommended,231330,32212599,Posted: 5 June,all,Spartan Rebel,Deadfall AdventuresStop stop I just want to sayIT IS AWESOMEThis game is really awesome and the story in this game is really interesting .Graphics are really not that bad.Gun sound are really cool.Achievement must improve more.
,Recommended,231330,7884988,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Saga,"A strange game, would NOT recommend it for either the combat or it's story - both are incredibly mediocre. Worst is the checkpointing which is TERRIBLE to the point of frustration.However, it's a REALLY nice looking game that makes good use of the Unreal Engine and the way they've implemented puzzles and traps into the exploration side of things works really well - though the occasional instant-death trap does not play nicely with the aformentioned bad checkpointing, as you can often find yourself repeating far too much gameplay because of an unfair pitfall or falling rock.There's enough here that I'd say it's worth a look, possibly when it drops in price a bit, if you're into Indiana Jones or Lara Croft type games. Just don't expect the same attention to story or character development - it's a REALLY perfunctory stab at the genre which throws every cliche in the book at you hoping something sticks.I give it Three Belloq's out of Five."
76561198003306165,Not Recommended,231330,8827119,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,jonno11111,"I have been a gamer for nigh 35 years now and have played many different genres and have enjoyed both the good and the bad in all that time but I have to say that this piece of garbage is a step backwards in a way that leaves me feeling completely ripped off. I have played text based dos games that have more value than this rehashed, lazy pile of steaming dicrepitude. I am now pushing the ctrl button and aiming my flashlight at you Steam and now that i have you in my sights, please,  give me my money back."
76561198178863203,Not Recommended,231330,22024848,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,darthz42,Pros:Indiana Jones.Cons:Main character uninteresting.Unkillable enemies.The most boring puzzles in existence.Glitchy movement and extremely slow running.1/10
76561198083819910,Recommended,231330,14310047,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Royer3,Haz suomi kp10/10 would be biased again
76561197986321921,Not Recommended,231330,10134261,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,No Pass Policy,"Still a bit buggy on Linux as of May 2014 (long loading times, mouse issues...).  If its on sale for $20 or less, get it.  If not, save your money."
,Recommended,231330,8506852,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fulysic,This was a bit of a gamble when i Pre-ordered it i wasnt sure what it would be like but im glad i did pre-order it because its a great game to play i really enjoyed it was disappointed once i finished itIt had good gameplay with fun level of shootem up style action and some decent puzzles and somr time AI got little confused also some good effects with AI mummys i found graphics to be great with good frame rate and good overall controller support but i went with keyboardStoryline was funny and enjoyable sometimes the storyline was corny and predictable but enjoyed itOnly bad points i had was the game felt it ended to soon and i felt the story could have gone longer i got feeling it was cut short and even on the hardest setting it lacked a challengeI really hope the deveolpers make a number two sometime in future its defintly worth buying at normal price so if its on sale BUY ITRating: 8.5/10
76561198006194408,Recommended,231330,19649333,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Proerythroblast,It belongs in your steam library.
,Recommended,231330,25471295,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Carahyba ☭,"The game is very good, enjoyable and the stage's art is amazing. But Deadfall could be better. Many bugs, terrible voice acting (the voices are good, but don't match the animation) and a poor story. If you like Indiana Jones and ancient archeological sites like me, buy it in a sale and have fun."
76561198028880918,Recommended,231330,25732754,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,fridtjofm,"The game itself is fun. And id recommend it, that would purely be for th gameplay. The story itself is rather predictable and not so good, all the characters youve already seen a hundred times. It may as well have been called Indiana Jones and the heart of an ancient civilization.As said, story itself sucks - feels like a rip-off. but the gameplay is fun."
76561198093665096,Recommended,231330,24951232,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,OnePunchMonkey,"Ah...Deadfall. I love the setting, and there are some great moments, IMO. I do love the hectic mine-cart ride and some of the ruins are pretty fun to explore.  The voice-acting is bad, but in an entertaining, kind of endearing way.   The main female character serves little purpose than to b**ch at you, occasionaly shoot an enemy, and get herself kidnapped. But she's British, so that's cool I guess.It's an adventure/treasure hunting game, but also an FPS. This makes for gameplay that's a little different from the others in this genre, but unfortunately doesn't allow jumping and climbing, which is half the fun. Some of the puzzles are cool, some are annoyingly unituitive. Combat is surprisingly satisfying, when it works. Hit detection is all over the place. You can swear you're hitting an enemy with a headshot, but they're just winged. You'll be well out of arm's length, but an enemy will melee kill you in two hits, so be prepared to die a lot (or maybe I just suck) and save points are sporadic.That said, for all it's problems, I found it absorbing. I'll give it a thumbs up, but wait for a deal.3/5: Would Blind a Nazi with a Flashlight again."
,Recommended,231330,24087457,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dlogspilk,"Not perfect but its still a damn good game for those who like FPS games. Im only a few hours into it but this game has far exceeded my expectation even with the few small number of glitches the game has. I wouldnt let those minor glitches deter anyone from enjoying this title especially since most people will play a AAA title with glitches. Without looking at any other reviesw I would compare this game to Uncharted and Tomb Raider, add in some mummies and take out all the platforming and quicktime events. If the new Tomb Raider and Uncharted played like this I would have probably bought them."
,Recommended,231330,24162574,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,InfiniteDepthsOfHate,"I have enjoyed this game quite a bit. I love the music, and the atmosphere & sceneries are rather enjoyable.Sure, very Indiana Jones-ish, but that doesn't bother me. This is a welcome change to games like CS:GO, and quite ""light"" playing experience.I got mine on discount - don't remember the price though - and have not regretted buying this.So far my only issue with this game is the fact that I can't proceed after certain part in the Ice Temple. Three particular mummies can't be unfrozen, and that's a dead-end for me - which is a shame.Looks like I'm the only one so far experiencing this issue, and I'm yet to figure out how to get past this problem.Other than that, I very much enjoyed playing Deadfall Adventures."
,Not Recommended,231330,11912619,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,mзdve a maci,"""If only I had a nickel for every bad joke..."""
76561197968569945,Recommended,231330,9599902,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Delorean,"Hi,Bought this game on steam, when it was about 20 Euro on a special sale.Several months ago I took a look at it, saw some gameplay on youtube andkept it in mind. It´s a game about Quartermaine, really similar to Indiana Jonesand all that. I´ve been waiting for a game like this one, because I really likeall those adventure stuff movies, the characters and the overall style.I played some hours now and I think the game is worth playing for me.Contains all the things needed, it´s fun to play, nice looking and easy.I´d recommend it for the player, that just want´s to have some hours ofentertainment. Nothing more, but nothing less, I´d say it´s a 6 out of 10.You´ll get puzzles, riddles, Nazis, Russians, Mummies & easy shooting ...Don´t expect too much, but if you´re a fan of Indiana Jones - buy it.Delorean"
76561198110431990,Recommended,231330,9288471,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,StevenYJTsai,"Nice Pyramid Mummy game, must play~"
,Recommended,231330,8544840,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,nonperson104,"I thought i'd pitch in my two cents, since I imagine many of you may be in the same situation as I was; wanting to buy the game but discouraged by negative reviews.Well, never fear. I can tell you now that if it seems like you want this game, then you should just get it. It requires a lot of forgiving, but when it works, it's pretty amazing, and very unique - one of the highest fieldety games of this genre by a passionate developer.The Good - The combat is fun, and never ruins the pacing. There's always time to explore. The graphics are phenomenal. Some UE3 limitations pop in from time to time but the overall effect of the art design, lighting and most textures really is brilliant. And hell, the setting. Do you want to go shooting Nazi's, Commies, and Mummies? Good.The Bad - in a way, the game does deserve its negative reviews. The voice acting and animations are juuust that little bit off, but endearing in their own stupid way. The puzzles aren't really puzzles, just guessing games or connect the dots environmental obstacles. The shooting, while fun, isn't weighty enough; and the aiming is a bit sticky. And let's just say that from time to time the game breaks consistency in some very, very frustrating ways.However, i've not run into a bug, or a glitch. From a purely objective standpoint, it's technicaly proficient. And yes, I suppose it's mediocre. But I don't care, I love the ancient civilization adventure genre. And if you do too, you'll forgive this game and soak in the incredible atmosphere. Another bland shooter this is not - check out NecroVision for another shooter set in a visually intense world by the same developer.Besides, when was the last time you shot a Nazi in the face?"
,Recommended,231330,23505329,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,vepha,"satisfied, was fun!"
76561197970329460,Recommended,231330,10641666,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,"This is a game that wants to be Indianna Jones mixed with some other great adventure stories.Unfortunately instead of Raiders of the Lost Ark we end up with Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.Well maybe that is a little unfair. This game isn't awful, it isn't broken it isn't buggy and it can be fun. Certainly the game can be gorgeous at times and the art direction should be applauded.The weapon selection is limited but is somewhat unique in the fact that they include some real life hidden gems (federov anyone?!?...love it!)The main problem is that the game feels like it could have come out in 1999 the levels, while pretty feel like shooting galleries only broken up by boring puzzle sections (don't get me wrong I don't mind puzzles but these are just particularly bad ones).Enemy AI is also pretty dumb but serves the purpose of moving the game forwards. The story is also pretty hammy but does a good job.The one part that really ruined this game for me though is the voice acting. It is amongst the worst i've seen in almost 3 decades of gaming. It is as if the actors weren't in the same room when they recorded dialogue and more than that like they just pulled people off of the street to do the voices....words cannot describe how bad it is, especially the female lead!In any case i'd recommend this for a lazy weekend if you could pick it up for under $5 and maybe even for under $10. It's not bad and you can have fun with it, look past the voice acting and creaky level design and there is some decent tongue in cheek action it's just a shame as it could have been so much more. Instead it just grinds to an average middle ground.5/10"
76561198008769838,Recommended,231330,21756781,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Gasvaer,Buy it NOW!
,Not Recommended,231330,23714119,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,mspn,"I have to agree with the vast majority of reviews the voice acting is just awful, like nails on a chalkboard, I want to rip my own eardrums out awful.  I would pay more to unhear the voice acting than I did for the game.The game itself is not too bad, if you liked painkiller then i would say you'd enjoy this, if only it wasn't for the bugs. I've had to restart the game three times to beat a puzzle. I knew I had the solution correct as it was pretty simple but the game wouldn't recognise this until the third restart.The gameplay was acceptable bt does get very repetitive (much like painkiller) and by the time i had made my way through half of the game I felt I was just going through the motions and got bored quickly."
76561198009514092,Recommended,231330,11814968,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Devinlor,"OMG! Yes, yes, yes. I am filled with excitement and i want more of this game. I wish it were longer. Playing this game reminds me of the times when adventure was the status qoe. I highly recommend this game for thrill seeker 1st person shooters in the likes of the Tomb Raider and the Uncharted series. Compelling story, great sound in 5.1 surround sound. And you get to take on an endless horde of nazi villanoeous scum. I want more, more, more. In the like of games that got me hooked with good story telling and snap epic action along with great graphics. It just really takes you there to the place that we all lived within the Raider of the Lost Ark. Solving puzzles that are not too hard and finding treasures along the way makes this game epic. Please play this game. I promise you will not regret it. It made me want to watch the Indiana Jones Adventure series all over again. I live for the cinimatics. Thanks for bringing back what an adventure is all about! I'm hooked in Deadfall...Take THAT nazi villian scum...you'll never succeed when James Lee Quartermane is there!"
,Recommended,231330,30349429,Posted: 5 March,all,Torquato de Rezende,"Initially I loved the game, the history, already thinking that as a big game I have encountered that not in many days to pass trough all the ways in the end of the history, and founding that the almost walktrough easy but all enjoyable and worthfully to play again. the game just has stopped on the pass way to the next level not getting the connecting source to continue the game and has not giveaway to continue the game because the eyes is not what haven't been tested to flow the lava and in the community walktrough has it giveway in Video to shot the eyes and flow the lava to pass on. But it has not... I have tryed again after and that worked finally to the end of the history with a final master like pokemon boss, it's very depressing to think about that game like this, but just like the fun, something not have accepted the curiosity and has tryed something more, just like the end of the history in the game, just like I'm saying to tell you that! Awesome graphics for a review and really action movie."
,Not Recommended,231330,18166081,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Serious Seriously Sam,"It's Like Indiana Jones in a video game.Only he's not funny,He repeats himself A LOTThe Acting is HorribleThe graphics are mostly blandThe puzzles suckFlipping through your notebook is a painThe Combat is way too easyand the adventure is ruined by all of these things.SOUNDS FUN HUH!?Sorry, it's not."
,Not Recommended,231330,19167894,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Electrixy,"Deadfall Adventures is so bland, boring and buggy it makes my eyes glaze over like I'm about to fall asleep within the first few hours of playing it. Just do yourself a favor and skip this one, seriously you'll regret buying it. There are just so many other shooters that are actually worth your money and time."
,Recommended,231330,9330534,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Geldo Ronie,Amazing game.... running well on linux with good graphics....
,Recommended,231330,9301475,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Rarewolf,"Indiana jones, Call of duty (to me its booty) and... any other awesome adventure or shooting game..this is the mix of it all. i wont get to play for long. but ima enjoy the whole day that i have for it."
,Recommended,231330,9328622,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jblade35,"If you're a fan of pulp adventures than give this a game a try - however it lacks any stand out features and apart from the lush graphics is fairly bland. I enjoyed James and Jen's banter, and it felt like it had some heart to it. However the combat is extremely simple - it's never offensively bad, although supernatural enemies require you shining your torch on them which makes fighting them a bit more dull compared to the human enemies. The guns, WW2-era, are fun to shoot and fighting enemies feels satisfying, which since there's a lot of fighting is a good thing at least. The Puzzles are very simple, although a few aren't very clear and require a bit of trail and error. Finding artifacts is relatively fun, but they're incredibly simple and don't really require you going out of your way. The graphics are gorgeous though, thanks to the strong art style. Egypt looks like it came straight out of a Indiana Jones movie, and looks fantastic.The story is typical of a classic adventure, taking you to 3 seperate locations around the world. The characters don't have much backdrop, but the main character James is a classic smart♥♥♥♥♥and some of his comments made me chuckle. Jen's a decent companion and despite getting captured a few times didn't strike me as a bad character, just a tad underdeveloped.It's a very safe game, which although I enjoyed the full price tag is too much for what it's offering. I also encountered numerous bugs, including Jen not following me at times (however this didn't stop progress) If we see any more adventures from James than hopefully they'll introduce more mechanics and deeper gameplay, since as it is now it's barely skin-deep.To sum it up, if you can afford the price tag and are more interested in a fun if slightly shallow adventure, than definitely give Deadfall a go. It lasted me about 8 hours, which as far as modern FPS campaigns go is fairly long. If you're more into deep gameplay and intricate puzzles than you would be better off elsewhere."
76561198062999823,Recommended,231330,23264432,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,kiwidude,This is a such a brilliant and intelligent game the mummies and the germans in this game act really well  and the way that the puzzles make you think is very amazing too. I would like to see a second game made for the pc I highly recommend this game to all FPS fans. The story to it is increible and the artistry of the monuments are to detailed.It makes you feel like you are there yourself.
76561197988261569,Not Recommended,231330,23706730,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,itburnsburnsburns,There are simply too muxh issues with this game to recooemnd it.On the Linux Port the load times are simply unacceptable. Up to 5 min to start the game. And you just hear the cutscenes becaus until the graphics are loaded it is over.Skip this one.
76561198024349645,Recommended,231330,18949637,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kay Oss,"Don't go into this game expecting big budget quality - This is an inexpensive game that, If I'm not mistaken, was origionaly released on consoles.The Keyboard & Mouse Controls work without fault and you have the option of using a gamepad, The Xbox 360 Game pad was supported out of the box.Graphics are of a high enough quality is determine exactly what you are looking at, If it is of some importance - The weapons have higher detail then the stone walls of the temples for example.I have read some reviews complaining about the audio - the audio is servicable if unspectacular. The weapons, while lacking audio impact, are distinct enough that you can guess what weapon is being used by sound alone with a little practice.I purchased the game while it was on special for $5.00 USD and got about 10 hours out of it, that fits my idea of value for money at approx $1 per hour of entainment (Worked out to be about $7.00 AUD)TL;DRControls Work.Decent Graphics.Decent Audio.Not worth full price.Is worth up to $10."
,Not Recommended,231330,18085390,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,PW,"This is one of those games I REALLY wanted to be good. God knows gaming needs a proper, indiana jones-style adventure fps.Alas, ridiculous voice acting, idiotic puzzles that hold your hand, and clumsy controls just drag it down.Great locations, though.ONLY buy if you are completely starved for adventure, or are an absolute sucker for 80s style adventure movies"
,Recommended,231330,33391955,Posted: 8 July,all,Samonosuke :^),It feels like i'm in a bad Indiana Jones/The Mummy movie directed by M.Night Shyamalan and a special ed Quentin Tarantino.
,Recommended,231330,20674266,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Santr,Super hia mänk.
76561198038346980,Recommended,231330,21017546,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,HyperSocks,get it on sale. so easy even on the hardest difficulty and the graphics are really nice.
,Not Recommended,231330,17088346,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,RB,i just lost my money for this game ..why i can't play multiplayer mode ??there is no servers ..realy realy this is horrible
,Not Recommended,231330,18090434,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Trip,Boring.
,Not Recommended,231330,14303258,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Crack Panda,this game say coop correct? there is no coop theres survival thats it. this games misleading and disipointing if you're looking to play with a buddy dont wast your money on this game.its  not even worth the space on my hard drive... id like to get my money back
76561198105775680,Not Recommended,231330,14817232,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Rodolfo,"This game is very heavy, he was eating 6.0 gb of my ram."
,Not Recommended,231330,14930796,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This game is outright stupid and cheap shooter with awfully predictable plot and idiotic, unlikable characters. And with all that it's not even a parody, the game treats itself with the absurd seriousness and pride, while throwing 3rd graders jokes at you. No, thanks."
,Not Recommended,231330,15793156,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Tenshi1985,"Nazis, get over it you will never find Atlantis! Or any other ancient city cause they are all destroyed."
,Not Recommended,231330,18327221,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Pervy Sage,"This game is very buggy. From the very first mission I had puzzle bugs and so on. Weird clipping and stupid AI. The concept of taking out the mummies with the flashlight and holding a beam on them then shooting is highly stupid. I also have to say that as simple as some things are they're not very well put, rather the notofication of such things is poorly implemented. Had to google certain aspects. I would not recommend this game to anyone. It started off fun for the first bit and then after you have to deal with all the bull and stupidity going on because of the coding (bugs, AI, etc.) I just couldn't handle the irritation of it. Even so, I give this game a 4/10, I was nice because of the♥♥♥♥♥focus early on."
76561198032187613,Recommended,231330,23386815,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,IronGoat,"The game was fun, but im old enough to have grown up on corny monster movies so the dialogue doesnt bother me as much. the puzzles were fun but not annoying the combat was ok but not brilliant. all in all id give it 7.5 out of 10there is a good variety of weapons too btwgood game to buy if its on sale"
,Recommended,231330,32322727,Posted: 10 June,all,GameBoy,güzel oyun ama oynayan yok yani multiplayer sadece arkadaşlarınızla oynayabilirsiniz
76561197970078168,Recommended,231330,17228881,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,hermetico,"RECOMMENDED.Great First Person Adventure Game.Huge scenarios with amazing art. Solid story and long enough.It has that adventure sensation you can feel in Indy's films.Lots of puzzles, most of time, very affordable.What I didn't like:Colisions system should be polished, you could be stupidly trapped from time to time, between two objects that seem far enough.There are lots of areas where you should be able to climb or cross by jumping but, there are those phantom walls that avoid it.Some life in scenarios is missing (animals, anything...).Checkpoints. Where will we be able to save whenever we want?.But, none of those ruins the playability or the interest of this game. Think on a mix of Indiana Jones and Thomb Raider but, in First Person and, without the hell of auto-cameras and, without that platform component. Traps, puzzles, original fighting with the searchlight, compass, ...I've really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,231330,18898754,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,mckFlash,"So my first review was to no recommend this game, but after playing around with settings I got it working smothly on Ubuntu ;)I think 2 things are important to change:1. Disable Mouse smoothing in Controls settings2. Use the same resolution as your normal desktop resolution."
,Recommended,231330,26625950,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,g0dd,"Classic Indiana Jones style adventure, fun game with interesting puzzles although it does have a fair share of bugs/glitches. If the devs fixed these the gameplay would be a lot better."
76561198043926911,Recommended,231330,34414404,Posted: 22 August,all,Big Shaq,So bad and corny it's incredible.
76561198101883833,Not Recommended,231330,15084562,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,sighquietly,"This is why I hate games like this. It's linear and you are stripped of all your hard-earned weapons at every level, which means you never can build up a good arsenal. It's not a total loss, though. The uninstall experience was breathtaking!"
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,231330,35107591,Posted: 21 September,all,Ltm1900,Not impressed. It's let shooting paper targets in similar low graphic maps.
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,231330,34719397,Posted: 3 September,all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,"It is Kind of glitchy, and has hardly updated to fix problems 4 years down the road. It is a great idea, reminds me of Indiana Jones / mummy / Lara croft. Very poor writing for dialog, the anachronisms ruin the setting. Caricatures will talk about modern movies, actors, and other pop culture references all from the 90's or later while being set in the late 1930's. It would be passable if they didn't have so many anachronisms worked into the dialog in every level."
76561198117325300,Not Recommended,231330,18127878,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,NACHOZ,"Fun But needs fixing, here's why.Played for 17 minutes, and results where: Animations were bad, fights were boring and the puzzles were very weird. End of story.But I do give it credit for how long ago it was made :)Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,231330,21187061,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,|LOD|H8MyBoss*,"Ok, if you are a fan of slow paced, puzzle soving games, this is for you.If you'd rather run around in a fast paced, both guns blazing game, this is NOT for you.Bleh.... BOOOOOORRRRRRRIIIIIIIING."
76561198017176070,Recommended,231330,9990862,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,nomail[linux],very well. as a child I was very fond of such FILMочень хорошо.  в детстве я очень любил такие филмы
76561197961264306,Recommended,231330,12317421,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rifled,"If you grew up with treasure finding adventure games then you will like this old school adventure game with a blend of Indiana Jones, Uncharted, and Tomb Raider.  The game is built on an older engine and the graphics are a little dated, but it is a fun story and some interesting puzzles.  Whats not to like about racing against some nazis trying to find some occult power to use in thier quest for world domination?  Its all first person with some good combat to break up the exploring and puzzle solving.  Is a fun playthrough with anywhere between 6 and 12 hours of play depending on how fast you can solve the puzzles and how much time you spend looking for treasure."
76561198065828499,Recommended,231330,11591646,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Spiggle,"i found this game to be very fun and interesting. The stroy is decent 6/10. Graphics by 2013 standards are visually good 7.5/10, with just a few slopy animations here and there. But now the puzzles, they are a good blend of thinking out of the box and at the same time common sense and guess work. give the puzzles 8/10. Combat is fun and i admit to being scared by a random zombie head full size on screen. I'd give it 8/10.Unfortunately, the multiplayer is dead though. :/.  Set on hard all around the puzzles can b very tough but, for the experienced gamers, combat remains semi-easy. Altogether i loved this game but i my opinion, get it on sale if u can cause $40 is a little steep for this game."
,Recommended,231330,9297847,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Slick Rick,Its like Alan Wake for some parts....Its a good game in my mindalmost like a adaptation of The Mummy movie from 98 or somethingI would get only if its on sale
76561198046270843,Recommended,231330,9300980,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,rayman,I think this game is very good
76561197973997469,Not Recommended,231330,13740023,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[USA] Vic Rattlehead,Unplayable on Linux.
,Recommended,231330,24466257,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Booze·geoi·sie,"The voice acting is terrible, or I honestly feel like this would've made an awesome Indiana Jones/Tomb Raider/Uncharted FPS game. The generic action/adventure story is all there. The shooting/gunplay isn’t perfect but pretty solid. The puzzles are simple, but fit the overall feeling of the game. The environments are stunning and a treat to explore. But that voice acting? ...like a gosh darn student project. It’s sad when I think a comedic approach would’ve been LESS immersion breaking than the actual voice actors. Either way, the game is not nearly as bad as everyone seems to think it is, I’d say its worth $10 – $15."
76561198165956672,Not Recommended,231330,32210400,Posted: 5 June,all,PoliticalKey303,I tried this game expecting something good but it turned out to be a failed mix between Tomb Raider and Indiana Jones.
76561198013758491,Not Recommended,231330,13889773,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"I can't say this game was awful, and it starts off with a promising enough idea.  The problem comes in with the bare bones character development system, the dated graphics, and the rather mindless puzzles.  Not awful, just kind of boring and not particularly well done."
,Recommended,231330,24275379,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Owl of Solitude,"Good game with Indiana Jones style, I can tell this from the first level to the last!Recommend buy it on sales!"
76561198025650440,Recommended,231330,9308298,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Robin'Hood,"This game is so much fun! The shooting mechanics are great, the characters and story is interesting, the puzzles are challenging and inventive and it has a great aesthetic. The multiplayer is also extremely fun, and I'm saying that not being a fan of COD. Great game."
76561198041198233,Recommended,231330,9329540,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,david_robitaille,yes this good for single player the server online this bad he don't must player i like mod multiplayer !
,Recommended,231330,9342460,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,std::Maokei <順守>,Metacritic is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! It has not done this game any justice considering the score they gave cod. It's a great adventrue fps game. Well worts a purchase great multiplayer and singel.
76561198051466935,Recommended,231330,7771490,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,jhmilazzo,"My score is 80. The critics low rated this game but I do not agree.    I liked the many puzzles, and there was usually a way to think your way through a boss fight rather than just run and gun.  The game is a little simplistic and the Normal play level is more like Easy for other shooters.   If you are experienced the higher levels will be a lot more fun."
,Recommended,231330,8884507,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Raza,"DFa is about puzzles, action & adventure, very good made lvls, weapons, chars & enemies, theres 3 modes single player, multi & survival (4man coop) useful features like a compass, notebook with important details on it etc flashlight that kills dark creatures & ontop of that a skil upgrade tree,  most action adventure games r crap 2day last good one i thawt was hunted the demons forge were 1 is a warrior/soldier other huntress/warrioress that was a huuge let down over controls but this DFA is good , some of the scenery is epic on the minecart stage u rush thru on it killin nazis :) and the puzzles r hard and very wel thawt up so the game wil make u think as well as the been shot at etc u also have 2 think ur way thru lvls to open doors and get 2 high places etc, the price tags a little high but id say u get alot o game also, quite a few weapon choices: from thompson(drum mag) to mp38 (looks like mp40) reverond and suomi(mix of thompson n mp40), games not even 3 months old!! hope they add a patch or ud with extras on it coz wil make this game even better ;) 8.5 to 9 outta 10"
76561198062537819,Recommended,231330,8906986,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,76561198062537819,"This game is very good in a lot of ways, but lacking in others. First of all, the mummy / zombie enemies that you encounter in the first level are fun as hell to fight and have very realistic movements and amazing models...but you rarely see them at all throughout the game. I'm currently at the ancient Mayan temple part of the game which is the last 3rd or so of it, so maybe they start to show up more just past where I'm at, and I hope they do, because I would have liked to see a lot more of those guys throughout the game than the same old Nazi's and Commie's or whatever. I'm also a bit confused as to why we are fighting both Nazi's and the Russians in this game as its set in WW2 times if I'm correct...the storyline behind your sudden switch in enemies is blurry to me but no matter how it made sense in the game, it was repetitive. Hopefully more interesting baddies will be heading my way towards the latter part of the game. Other than that, the graphics and settings were amazing, the combat was OK. I particularly enjoyed the flashlight feature with which you can temporarily blind your enemies vision. All in all so far an enjoyable, relatively quick adventure story with really cool themes and settings. The enemy base could have used some sprucing up though."
76561197971459827,Recommended,231330,9300461,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,cmavent,Indiana Jones meets the PC! Totally fun and immersive game
76561198046280702,Recommended,231330,9312901,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Tarlazer,"Tried the free weekend trial. Puzzle game with some FPS action. Graphics are pretty decent and run smoothly, but the title animations and first part of the in-game movie are choppy and hard, even when the video settings are way down. Other than that, game is okay - puzzles in the first part of the story weren't as complicated as I would have liked and you get a little bit of killing action, which satified me enough. Not a lot of treasures (but maybe that's by design). I think I'd recommend it."
76561198090436861,Recommended,231330,9323576,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,daixiaopang817,"Good, quite tricky"
76561198110166273,Recommended,231330,9365572,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,darter2003,I played the free weekend trial and loved the game although you only get to play one chapter of the game it was amazing. I will be buying this for sure........ when it becomes a little more in my price range
,Recommended,231330,10039439,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Pongo,Wie sich Indiana Jones als FPS spielen würde...
76561197965995122,Recommended,231330,10066235,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,[BB]vale,"Quite brilliant game.  Tomb Raider like locations and puzzles, Indiana Jones like atmosphere and 1st. person shooter element not unlike that of Wolfenstein. One of the more interesting titles I've played in a while.Definatly recommended if you like ancient mysteries, corny humour and good action. It's not the most challenging game around, but it has a really nice storyline and breathtaking scenery."
,Recommended,231330,11952990,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,offers_rays,"I do not understand the negative reviews on this game.  If you are a fan of Uncharted or the Indiana Jones movies, this game is for you.  The scope of this game is incredible and the scenery is absolutely amazing.  The dynamics between the charters and the plot twists keep the player engaged throughout the game.  The reviews may be based on the complexity of some of the puzzles, however, if you listen to Jen, she will give you clues that assist you (plus, there are always Youtube walkthroughs if you really get stuck).  This game is more than worth the money for the length and satisfaction of play.  You will be playing this game over 30 hours and will be on the edge of your seat.  Buy it!"
76561198078983633,Recommended,231330,12145390,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,1nv1c7u5m4n30,"A Great deal of FUN, I read allot of comments complain about aspect of the game eing done before, I've just started into the PC gaming arena with Steam on Linux so I am having a blast! This is a fun adventure of a game rather Indian Jones but the lead hero is a meat head.  Great time glad I bought it"
76561198100095750,Recommended,231330,10040195,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt,This game is not that bad. Its just a nice first person shooter that takes place in the time of Indiana Jones and Rick O'Connell (who is from the Mummy movie series) . I wish there were some servers so i can play multiplayer aginst other players. i think this game earns a 8/10 rating
,Recommended,231330,12170228,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Deadfall Adventures is somekind of a mix between Uncharted, Tomb Raider and of course, Indiana Jones. A piece of warning though... this is a true BUDGET TITLE, so I tried to keep that in mind even though, the game falters in so many ways but somehow, I still wanted to keep going and finish the storymode.The story is very cliché from Indiana Jones, The Mummy, Uncharted, Tomb Raider, all mixed together. The game involves the player into finding some major artifact but unfortunately, it was split into three parts and guess what, you have to search from them until the very end, where you realize that it was all for nothing.The gameplay is lacking. Linear corridors after many invisible ways and glitches aside, the exploration aspect is as rotting as the mummy rot!I'll put the good and bad aspects so you can have a better preview of the overall game.PROS:+Visuals can be good at times but not the characters though.+Diverse geographical locations.+Pretty lenghty for a FPS game.+Weapons variety.+Collectibles found are used in upgrading your skills divided into three categories.+Soundtrack is quite average but does the job for a budget title.CONS:-Poor retelling of a story we've heard countless times before.-Repetitive combat.-Level design in this game is really bad. It's filled with glitches and invisible walls.-Boring puzzles.-Laughably bad voice acting.-Dead or non-existent multiplayer.RECOMMENDATION:Honestly, I'm sure the developers tried their best to make a fun exploratory treasure hunt game but it failed on so many aspects that I find this hard to recommend. The game is lenghty and you do have a few collectibles to find around but beside that, once you do finish the main story mode, there isn't much else to do. The multiplayer portion is like a ghost town although, someone wouldn't had bought this game for the MP! At 39.99$, I truly CANNOT recommend this game for all its CONS but if you can manage to get it around 10$ or less, you may want to give it a shot!The best recommendation I can give you though is to stick with Tomb Raider and Uncharted games. They deliver the stories more professionally and are more enjoyable in the gameplay category.PS. I can't find much of a reason to recommend you the Deluxe Edition as the goodies included can't justify the price, IN MY OPINION! You do get the soundtrack with it and if you're a soundtrack sucker, then get the Deluxe!RATING:6.0 / 10"
76561198074267923,Recommended,231330,12178701,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ultratec,"this to me is a fps tomb raider. bit cheesy but great fun. the windows version was a problem with the controls, I was having the same trouble with strike suit zero which turned out in both cases to be caused by comodo internet security. once removed, both games work perfectly. the linux version of this game is also very good. bit glitchy and very slow to load but when it does its great fun."
,Recommended,231330,9297141,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,RINGO,very funn to play so far not having any problems with the game yet i would recommend
76561197966917966,Recommended,231330,9363812,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Capt Mellor,Great game. Looking forward to it going on sale soon!
76561198056247550,Recommended,231330,10804585,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hawkman97,"This game is an homage to movies like indiana jones and the mummy. You play as James Lee Quatermain who is the son of Allan Quatermain. The Allan Quatermain books were one of the inspirations for indiana jones and are now in the public domain.The gameplay is fun, you shoot mummies and nazis. Pistols are dual wielded.Th puzzles aren't too difficult and it has that B-Movie kind of charm.Overall I really liked it"
,Recommended,231330,9590137,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,f1r31c3r,"Took a while to actually get into this game properly.Game worked well as i only played the preview but once i got into it this game becomes addictive.Defo worth the wait in hope the price drops. Not sure i want to pay the full wak on this game. Brings a kind of indiana jones and a bit of castle ramstein.The nazis trying to beat you to the jewls in a way at the same time as becoming the almighty of some sort. Again very Castle Ramstein in an indiana jones outfit.I want to play the rest of this game, when and if the price drops. so Thumbs up."
,Recommended,231330,31808290,Posted: 17 May,all,Fortis,I'm Indy! :)
76561197978843039,Recommended,231330,17872030,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,quatermain for the win
,Recommended,231330,22469316,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lopper,"Pretty fun game, basically Indiana Jones kinda thing like you're going through temples and ruins trying to find artifacts while being chased by Nazis. Voice acting isn't that great but everything else is pretty solid aside from a few bugs here and there. Pretty cool upgrade system where you need to find treasure in order to increase your stats. The puzzles are a bit too easy, either that or they're not clear enough but you never really get stuck on them for long. Pretty lengthy game, very lengthy if you try to collect all the artifacts. Not tried multiplayer but apparently it's dead so if you want to get 100% achievements on this game it might not be possible. Overall It's pretty good, lots of guns, lots of enemies and lots of puzzles, fun for all."
76561197982034457,Recommended,231330,22258549,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TwitcherUS,good shooter with much puzzles!
,Not Recommended,231330,23546505,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,RutherfordBHayes,"Playing this game is like a bi-directional bowel evacuation after you find out the bar you drank at the night before allowed brine from the tainted clams they served to seep into the waterline for the draft beer. The narration evokes Harrison Ford's reading from the Theatrical Cut of Blade Runner, and making the ""Jump"", ""Use"", and ""Pickup Weapon"" button all the same button is the sign of a stroke. Not a stroke of genius, the sign of an actual stroke. And not the good kind that's very minor and clues you into a greater problem with no debilitating effects. We're talking significant motor and reasoning impairment. The main character, James Lee Nathan Quatermain Drake, has the same level of charm you'd see from someone offering candy and free puppies from their white panel van. Not sure if  the game gets better after the first ten minutes. I jumped around like I was trying to fly to Neverland trying to jam the teardrop jewel into the door when I realized the time I had spent on this game was wasted, never to return, and I was resentful of my existence for being temporary, since that was time of my life I'd not get back. The designers were at least thoughtful enough to allow you to quit during a loadscreen.Oh, and I feel like this, and I only spent five dollars on it. Perhaps the extra dollar I spent on the ""Collector's Edition"" is what pushed my drive to write an awful review over the top. I don't know. At any rate, I now hate myself for spending those five dollars on this game instead of seeing if my roommate would eat expired mustard, which I could have also spent that money on."
76561198003896332,Recommended,231330,7752093,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,OperativeD,"This game gets a bad rap, but I truly had fun despite it's faults. If you're looking for a great Indiana Jones-esque adventure, but don't want to be Lara Croft then give this game a try. The puzzles are fun and the setting is awesome, however the only part I have yet to experience is the multiplayer since it seems the reviews have scared people off..."
,Not Recommended,231330,22525660,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,michael,"When people try to kill two birds with one stone, they usually just waste a stone. It's supposed to be an adventure, but instead it attempts to be an FPS RPG, from what I see. I've played for half an hour, and I've discovered that I have two weapon slots, revolvers have unlimited bullets but take forever to reload, puzzles (on hard level) require you mostly to push a lever or crutch under a door, I can upgrade skills but I have no treasure to upgrade them with, keyboard keys to switch pages of the notebook are not assigned and cannot be reassigned, hints on the screen disappear irrevokably when you accidentally press any key at all, and control settings screen messes up mouse sensitivity. I'd say ""buy it when they fix the bugs"", but since they haven't fixed them by now, there's nothing really to hope for. The plot is so pathetic, I even forgot to mention it: a chick with big boobs gets kidnapped by Nazis who are after an ancient Egyptian treasure, I suppose it can be played, but if you're like me, you won't enjoy it. Life is short, time flies fast, I'm going to spend it on something more deserving."
76561198042307005,Not Recommended,231330,18162403,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"Guns look awful, voice acting is awful. Graphics are awful. Game is awful."
76561198001027551,Not Recommended,231330,33728831,Posted: 22 July,all,Prankster,"To compare this game to Indiana Jones is to insult Indiana Jones.  The lead character is so brash and annoying, that I almost want him to die.  The puzzles have no challenge.  In fact, they encourage you to look at the solution that they conveniently include in your notepad.  Combat is way too easy, even on the hardest setting.  The story line is disappointing.  The einvronment if very restictive (doesn't come close to the open environment exploration in games like Tomb Raider).  I canont give it a thumbs up, but it could be entertaining for tweens 10-12 and it's worth the price if you get it on sale.  Just know that there are way better FPS games out there for the same price."
,Recommended,231330,8633772,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Your classic run-of-the-mill adventure game. It has everything from guns to tombs & mummies.  Not to mention Nazis and an attractive side character to hang out with. All that and more in Deadfall Adventures, adventure awaits!"
76561198085034414,Recommended,231330,30018130,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr. Hopper,Pretty cool game but kinda outdated (since it is from 2013)Still fun thoughNice gameplay. I love the combination of FPS and puzzle in this gameHoping for a second game with better graphics and new puzzles8/10
,Recommended,231330,11944349,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,GrayGL,"Fought artic nazi submarine zombie, 10/10"
76561198123542768,Recommended,231330,9326954,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,I just don't care anymore,"good rpg, first preson shooter and adventure game"
,Recommended,231330,12133113,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"I loved every minute of it! Could be better, blah blah blah..but I really enjoyed playing it, it's a great combination of adventure and FPS, hoping they will make a sequel..."
76561198095871988,Recommended,231330,23276847,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,theholyicarus,Good game but not so fun when you just can have 2 guns at a time!
76561197981747501,Not Recommended,231330,18040526,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Zeebot,"The adventures of Doughnut Jones and Qwatermain have been brought to an unbrupt, buggy and clunky end.It was 4 dollars for a reason..."
76561198101652734,Recommended,231330,33628480,Posted: 18 July,all,What a nice guy,+
76561198120628514,Recommended,231330,9828217,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,exilesoutcast,"well, I will be honest. the action is good. the puzzles are good, the imagery is good. the movements could be better, but over all not so bad. the one thing I would have to say that is in the bad for me. would be the acting. the acting from the main character, and maybe a few other characters as well. it aounds too much like most of the voice acting team were newcome actors/actresses. where they were fresh off the street. they were that,.. ""un-toned"". so to say. they weren't bleak, per-say, but they did make the personality of their assigned character unbelievable (bad unbelievable, not good) but. later in the game, it does pick up a bit, and improves. over all, the acting being the slight inferior, with everything else being in the better, the over all game mains superior. and this is not just because I love advnture stories/movies/games, but would I recommend this game? [YES]. play it. if you can get over a few set-backs like the voice acting, and maaaaaaaybe some minor clipping. the you will enjoy this game. especially with it being about a descendent of allan quartermain, the character that not only came before, but inspired the films; Indiana Jones (so no, this did not copy off of indiana jones, if you want to get technical, it was the other way around).but don't take my word for it. PLAY IT, you might like it."
76561198130514798,Recommended,231330,11911588,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"It's fun. It might be stupid at points, but it's at least playable, and the graphics are well-polished. I actually want to finish this game, which is sadly becoming a rarer and rarer occurrence for me.Pros:Game is interesting - there's a lot to discover.Puzzles are mostly well-designed, and the notebook hint system works well.The game mechanics are fairly well-adjusted to the style of play. I think the compass mechanic works well most of the time.This game is beautiful even on lower graphics settings. The locations are all authentic-feeling and the graphics are well-polished.Cons, probably because of Linux beta:Instead of putting up a loading screen it'll just blackscreen and freeze for 10-15 seconds.Numerous graphical glitches. especially in the beginning of the game.Loading up the game for the first time just made it hang at the splash screen. I had to close the splashscreen through the window manager to get it to run.""Blood"" -- which looks more like red paint, btw -- isn't cleared from the screen sometimes if you reload from checkpoint while hurt.Game isn't all that well optimized for Linux. I had to turn down the graphics settings to just a hair above ""ugly"" just to get it to run.Puzzles are too easy most of the time. I checked the notebook through the first level only to find I could solve it just by intuition or because it copied a puzzle from Tomb Raider. The notebook, while being a nice puzzle mechanic, isn't necessary most of the time.The enemies are well-designed, even if they're a bit easy.Cons, actual flaws:Game is too easy on normal difficulty. I blame AAA games in general for this. Play on hard for a better experience.Arctic Base level had tons of treasure scattered around the map, but no checkpoints at the beginning. You end up triggering a trap and dying, only to reload with the opening cutscene. Made it frustrating given how large the starting area is.Dialog seems very silly at times. Quartermain isn't an unlikable hero, he just lacks depth. His romance with [s]T*ts McGee[/s] I mean Jennifer Goodwin seems forced, like she's the only poundable thing within miles so why not? Whatever, it's stupid.Controls are a bit strange. It's really apparent it was designed for a controller. For example, bringing up the notebook involves holding down the scroll wheel on the mouse and awkwardly moving the cursor around. (Or you can just hit [ or ].)All in all, I'd say it's well worth the money. Not sure about the DLC though. Grab it if you can, you'll have fun playing it."
76561198182480665,Not Recommended,231330,23719403,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,mikebaunach66,"EDIT: I made the following review when I completed 2 or 3 missions so i had a good understanding of the game, however after playing a mission called Mines and couldn't figure it out and desided to play something else for a little while to rest my brain for a little. The next day I started it up and clicked continue, and when it started loading it stopped and a message said ""FULL GAME REQURED"" so I when to steam store searched Deadfall adventures and clicked play now. Same problem, ""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE WILLING TO LOOSE MONEY!""DeadFall Adventures, I think that it is a great Puzzle FPS game. However if you've never played a FPS (First Person Shooter) Puzzle game then you'll most likely want to play it on easy cause if your new to em' it will still be quite challenging. At times I've noticed that the characters don't go where there supposed to go or some of the puzzles don't react how they were ment/programed so you have to reload last checkpoints and at time its kinda anyoying. Some times certian objects that are ment to be in a certian location arn't even there and no matter how many times you reload last check point it will still not work properly unless you restart the level then exit the game a load it again.Overall the game is greatPros-Great graphics-awsome gameplay-challenging puzzles-Fun ChampaneCons-Minor glitiches that are really anyoying (Minor-Major)-Objects/ Characters don't function properly (Minor)-Some sound issues (Minor)"
76561197983301475,Recommended,231330,15596874,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"Dont go by the metacritic (i almost did) 59 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is easily a good 75-80 imo.A mix of all The Mummy and Indiana Jones film flavours, with puzzles and kick♥♥♥♥♥traps.Awesome graphics, sound, music and gameplay/UI.Its a buzz to play survival mode and set off traps and see the enemies get crushed/spiked behind you lol."
,Not Recommended,231330,21950234,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,vytkQ | PvPRO.com,I HATE THIS !!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,231330,21601577,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Madferit,You can kill underground commies in soviet lava mines in Arctic10/10
,Recommended,231330,18412495,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,NMBR1MRTL,"Summer-Rain enters the house to find everythinginside looking a lot like an Egyptian tomb. Startled,she spins round only to find a Mummy breathingheavily while the world beyond the porch is theinterior of a Pyramid.Before she can scream, you rush to her side, dressedlike Indiana Jones sans hat and jamming a weaponfrom a bygone era up at the Mummy's chin. Firingpoint-blank, the Mummy dies as you turn round tocheck on Summer-Rain.She's hysterical, screaming that she came homeearly from classes to spend quality time with you,and here you are, playing another game that hasfallen to the wayside.DEADFALL ADVENTURES!Summer-Rain is adamant now, her silky hairlooking very frazzled from the stress of yourdigital adventure taking over reality again. You tryto explain that this is simply the game's immersion,and that it's really just a simple first-person shooterat its core with some complex puzzle elements.She's scowling now, your beautiful flower of death.Crossing her arms, she angrily says that in the timethat she's with you, she knows all about your habitswith'immersion'.When she opens her eyes, she'snot surprised in the slightest that the entire living roomhas morphed into an Arctic tundra, with you at the stepsof some ancient, forgotten temple entrance.You hunch over your flight coat and give her your hand,beckoning. Summer-Rain groans her signature groan.She asks if this is simply the stairs up and you grab herto shelter her from the violent snowstorm. Inside, shelooks in wonder at the remnants of a lost civilization,an endless series of stone carvings with light shiningupon them providing an eerie tranquility.Summer-Rain asks what are you both doing here, beforeyou explain that according to the writings of a certainAllan Quatermain, Esq, the key to unlocking Deadfall isin this forgotten Pyramid in the ice, an artifact known asthe Heart of Atlantis. Summer-Rain raises her eyebrow,asking if this is the same Allan Quatermain that writerH. R. Haggard had his character star in. You nod, sayingthat so far, it's like a thinking man's 'Doom.'Suddenly, Russians appear! You curse under your breathas a firefight breaks out and hand Summer-Rain a rifle,muttering that you thought when you escaped the Nazisin the Sakkaran desert along with the Mummies, that thatwould be the end of it. Summer-Rain groans at you again,quipping that in a game like this, its never that easy.You fight off the Russians and a battalion of returningNazis through an abandoned mine, exploring crevassesand caves for Maps and Ancient Idols which can be used toupgrade your health and gunplay mechanics. Summer-Rainasks if there was anything that she had missed and youhand her an Ancient Idol to improve her marksmanshipstats.You tell her that was from the levels she missed in Egyptbefore kissing her briefly and opening a secret door deepwithin the Arctic Temple. You exit a world away, in the dense,lush jungles of the Maya. You tell Summer-Rain that with theHeart of Atlantis and the many scattered maps recovered,any more puzzles can be solved easily and the mystery ofXibalba, the mystery of Deadfall- can be revealed.Summer-Rain grows ever more worried, with the amount ofMayan undead warriors swarming from the shadows andzombie Gorilla-beings baying for both of your blood.The Russians encounter you one final time with whateverremains of their expeditionary force, but you andSummer-Rain make quick work of them with the amount ofAncient Idol upgrades and weapon variety you have at yourdisposal.Finally, you arrive in the magma-soaked depths of Xibalba,to find that the ultimate villain, Dr. Heinrich Hagen, turnedinto an Avatar of otherworldly power and hellbent on globaldestruction. It's up to you in this final fight as Summer-Rainis surrounded by the armies of the dead, summoned byUberhagen.You draw your Quatermain pistols that have served you wellthroughout the adventure and unleash a barrage of firepowerthat the best of mankind's weapons have to offer.You alternate between dynamite, rifles and even RPGs beforereverting again to your trusty Quatermain pistols whenUberhagen falters in his would-be ascension.Glancing at Summer-Rain, you shout that you'll do you best.Summer-Rain pushes past another Mayan undead warriorbefore shooting it through the torso, nodding that she knowsthat you always do. You take aim at Uberhagen and fire.The world flashes to white as you and Summer-Rain awakeat the foot of your bed. Blinking, you sit up and find thatyou're still dressed in Quatermain's adverturer attire as youtry to feel if your limbs are still attached, with Summer-Rainopposite you sporting a matching look, equally confusedand worried. After a time, both of you can speak again.""I-""You begin, before Summer-Rain finishes for you.""I think we've finished Deadfall.""Summer-Rain exclaims,looking about your bedroom. You nod silently, almost eagerly,glad that you and her finished it, saved the world, and mostimportantly, saved each other. Summer-Rain smiles again,the same smile that you knew when you first got togetherwith her over a different game.""Front porch and driveway as ancient Egypt, living room andstairwell as the Arctic Temple and our bedroom as Xibalba?my my... you have quite an imagination, don't you?""Shewhispers in your ear, unholstering the Quatermain pistol youhave with you.""Little early for Halloween, isn't it?""""It's never early for a game like this either...""You manageto reply to Summer-Rain, before you embark on a whole newadventure of your own together with her.DEADFALL ADVENTURES!"
,Not Recommended,231330,12211842,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sin~Ceer,lame game
,Recommended,231330,11942247,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"dont know why but the screen teers real bad like a line going up from the bottom to top any time you turn left or right , also have it on the 360 and love it   .  the screen is fixed and the game rocks really love the indie vibe ( indiana jones) - now at full price no $39.99 but i got it for $9.99 and that is great and it is worth at least $25."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,231330,23551101,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Although I did have quite some fun with this game, it is sadly shoddily executed at way too many parts: Grenades and dynamite clip through the ground, not damaging enemies, infinite invisible walls, reload times are ridiculously long, weapon accuracy is terrible, movement speed is unrealistic, animations look wonky, voice acting is terrible, writing is even worse, the upgrade system is pointless, puzzles are way too easy and more tedious than ingenious and the list goes on and on.Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad game per se and it's not supposed to be a triple A title, but I cannot recommend this to anyone who has ever played Uncharted, the new Tomb Raider games or Alan Wake."
76561198259342839,Not Recommended,231330,28091518,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Licbomb,"I rarely write reviews. That being said, this game is in my opinion bad. The terrible voice acting is completely immersion breaking (that is if you could even become immersed in the first place). The little i played reaked of bad B movie dialogue. I also encountered a game breaking bug in less than 20 minutes of play. I had to restart the game to continue. I had high hopes of this being a fun Indiana Jones'esque adventure game. It's not worth the $3.99 i payed for it while it was on sale."
76561198157009515,Not Recommended,231330,18051046,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,koba newby,this game is not good dont get it its realy bad
76561198046675266,Recommended,231330,19021628,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"Take the story of Indiana Jones with the gameplay of Call of Juarez: Gunslinger and this is what you get.There's really great visuals, story (with Indiana Jones' puns constantly) and characters, although the puzzles are extremely boring and that's mostly what this game is.I do like this game, I just personally find puzzles boring and require more action pace.7/10"
,Not Recommended,231330,23386251,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,VenomCLC,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'puzzles'
,Not Recommended,231330,34632988,Posted: 31 August,all,Poutouris,"The game IS NOT GOOD.It does not worth buying it even if it's on sale[5 euros/bucks].Its story is the classical....one adventurous guy with a lsdy goes to find the 3 artifacts that will give them a superior power..there were some good parts of the game but...overall the game was very bad.+Cons>graphics>special designs of the guns------------------------------Pros>some bugs>voice acting was terrible[worst voice acting ever]> the movesof the protagonists were autistics,during the story-videos>bad story> the variety of weapons was small,realy small,5-6 are the weapons you're gonna find in the game[9 hours of gameplay>>>the load times were...annoying,the game would stop in the middle of the map to load,causing some type of framedrops>====>[the worst thing in the game]<====>puzzles....pfff...puzzles were dumb,not exactly puzzles but...not puzzles anyway----------Overall,don't buy the game.Original price[20 euros/bucks] is the definition of scam...you get a game,which is not gameyou can get much more greater games with even 5 bucks.Also multiplayer is dead.I had so much faith fo this game,I thought that it would be something different...Not"
,Recommended,231330,24449634,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,IDon'tNeedAName,Nice game :D
,Recommended,231330,9287787,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,sonyguy,♥♥♥♥ING DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥FREE WEEKEND ONLY LETS YOU DO THE FIRST LEVEL WTF
,Recommended,231330,26062518,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ddeel24,This Game is awsome. The maps are beautiful. Nothing better than exploring ancient ruins. The only people that give this game a bad rating just have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rigg that cant deliver the graphics of one that an intelligent person built.
,Recommended,231330,30665253,Posted: 22 March,all,XNyst,Good Game
,Not Recommended,231330,29286383,Posted: 15 January,all,Whiteswart,"That's sarcasm down there, people! Chill your back ends!Yet another FPS game where Americans eventually kills everybody they meet on the scene. Well, maybe except for a few Arabs in the prologue. I'm not here to sound all pollutical, and I have to say, despite being the very unoriginal, the story itself isn't the problem of the game. In fact, it's fun. Yeah, people loves Indiana Jones type of archeology, and, even being all that repetitive, the stories of some Nazi looking for over the world for powerful ancient artefacts - and some daredevils trying to stop them - still don't get old. After all those years. The game authors sinks even deeper and binding to the game the spirit of the famous book adventurer, Allan Quatermain, even if feels a bit of a necromancy.Yet, I repeat, the story is ok. Trivial, stupid - but ok, fitting the current standards. The sounding is lacking, the scripts are sometimes really bad, but all that is not making the game awful. The visuals are not bad, for the consoles in the year 2013. The jungles, snows, and sands are colourful, all playing the part, you know. Graphically, that's acceptable game.Now, what is really disappointing - is how it plays. It's on-the-rail first-person view shooter, see? And... it goes worse than the very first Call of Duty. The process of the shooting is so annoying, that I really suggest everyone to play (if you decide to play it) only on the easiest difficulty. It's really not the game where you'll be enjoying with the gunplay. Were the Deadfall a 2-d sidescroller - that would suit it much better. You know, with all those big white bubbles, coming out of the rifles, and dummy enemies, running towards you no matter what?I must admit, the riddles in the game process were not all that easy (at least for me, I've played on the hard setting). And I'm really happy that there's the possibility to tune the game difficulty for the riddles and shootouts separately. If you decide to try the game, no matter what, please, use the difficulty choices wisely.Finally, as an obvious and predictable downvote point, there is a dead multiplayer. And about 20 achievements tied to it (for those of you who collect achievements).Primitive action game which looks like a product of later 00' - early 10', but plays like we're back in the 90's. It was not worth the price when it was released, and it's definitely not worth your money with every passing year. A dispensable stuff. Mark 5/10, and only for some (few) good puzzles in the process. Still, there are plenty of much more tasty fish around, even on the narrow Indiana Jones path."
,Not Recommended,231330,28328903,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,BestKamvret,This game has Poor Performance and Stuttering Everywere.6/10
,Not Recommended,231330,31631215,Posted: 8 May,all,Ulvase,Multiplayer is dead sorry but thats true
76561198113050656,Not Recommended,231330,31830478,Posted: 18 May,all,vivo,Too clunky
76561198134217106,Not Recommended,231330,28093744,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,hrider XY&Z,"I just wanna to say how to created a dedicated server....I find I can't create the server,when I create the server I can't run the launcher in same time"
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,231330,29981232,Posted: 17 February,all,vior wolfkin,looks great ...plays good for first 3 minutes then you have to use guns ! and compass ! after that all you can see are the guns ! THEY FILL UP OVER HALF THE SCREEN ! AND IF YOU DO SEE AN ENEMY THEN THE TARGET RETICULE JUMPS EVERY TIME IT GOES NEAR THE ENEMY ! ...... UNPLAYABLE ..... SADLY as if these dumb problems were fixed this looks like it could be a fantastic game ..... if you could put the damned guns away or throw them in a ditch along with the compass which has the same problems then wow it would be great .... its so easy for a dev to screw up a potentialy great game
76561198024180437,Not Recommended,231330,23998211,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Arrow Roulette,just found out i hate puzzles... thanks i guess..
,Not Recommended,231330,23604263,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Classic,no
76561197974138574,Not Recommended,231330,24156972,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,bibbis,"Idiotic writing.Dumb characters.Cliché dialogue.Why is there even a ""story""...?Just let me KILL♥♥♥♥♥♥..Slow combat with♥♥♥♥♥♥aim.Takes very long time to reload.Infuriating to control journal to navigate hint pages etc.AWFUL, awful game"
76561198112100079,Not Recommended,231330,29251714,Posted: 14 January,all,ambion,"I previously half-@rsed my review and, of course, fools jumped to the conclusion that bad contoller support makes the game bad.So yes, controls like cr@p on controller. Hate me if you want but I dislike KB+M.Move thumbstick full left- camera rotates left at half speedRelease stickMove thumbstick full left- camera moves left at full speed.I used to play console til I knew better, I have always couch gamed, I still prefer controller and I find KB+M feels wrong. Get over it, we don't all have to play games like you.It's also just a boring game, I got tired of it quite quickly and not just because it controls like cr@p. Look, if you think the game is good feel free to tell me why, but being a d!ck only accomplishes your need to feel important. You're not.Buyer's remorse. Yes I bought it, musta clicked the ""recieved for free"" by force of habit of clicking little boxes and now I'm not able to change it."
,Not Recommended,231330,29678807,Posted: 3 February,all,Erlich Bachman,DOG S H I T
76561198051061303,Not Recommended,231330,29034612,Posted: 5 January,all,favia_76,This game sucks
76561198045911891,Not Recommended,231330,24289483,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,{{{ KNUCKLES }}},THIS GAME SUCKS!0/10
,Recommended,231330,18173654,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Miles Spineless,"This game teached me that when you are an adventurer you can inhale like 3 MP38 Magazines and like 10 shots from an K98 without problems, But if you touch water once, you die immediatly.10/10"
76561198045803099,Recommended,231330,18171344,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Heretic Tom,"An Indiana Jones-ish shooter, fun if you can get past the subpar voice acting."
,Not Recommended,231330,18211223,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Scoods,"Uncharted meets Indiana Jones-ish style FPS. Some interesting takes on puzzles, but poor story line, mediocre gameplay and cheesy cutscenes hold it back."
,Recommended,231330,18175966,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,TERAPI URINE,"break an ancient tomb, shoot badguy in the face, killing mummies and sh*t, etcit's good, buy it when discount"
,Recommended,231330,18127772,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Lethal Fart,"shooter, co-op, puzzle, adventure, etc, this game have nice graphics, I didn't complete the game, but  can say that is an awesome game :D"
,Recommended,231330,18144027,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,STeeL,great gamee love it
76561198201374926,Recommended,231330,18180625,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Seamsy,I got it on sale so it was worth it to me. If I would have bought the game at $40 I would not have been as happy. The single player was so-so. Only 1 puzzle in the entire game actually had me stumped. But it was fun going through temple ruins and what not.
76561198126939378,Not Recommended,231330,18246848,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"I'll make it short for this one.it's an halfway decent adventure game that unfortunately cannot even live up to its own ingame tutorial :DPros:- runs on everything- it's trying, and not allways failingCons:- forgetable story- forgetable charactersVerdict: I'm not even sure I remember the 4 hours of gameplay. it's one of those titles that come and go without leaving a lasting impression, at least for me.stay away unless it is heavily reduced."
76561197983117464,Recommended,231330,18264102,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,captnsidney,"Great adventure game!  Game play and puzzles are fun, story is ok. 7/10"
76561198047652849,Recommended,231330,18240886,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,*****play,Indiana Croft meets Lara Jones.Far from perfect but still a lot of fun.
,Recommended,231330,18308193,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,chethecat,"Have to give this one a thumbs up . It is fun, and has the feel of being in the tombs and ruins of some other popular franchises.  The gunplay is alright, the puzzles aren't overly difficult.  The combination just works.  Give it a look if you have had any interest in it."
76561198074632062,Recommended,231330,14927450,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,violincaster,"Deadfall Adventures captures that 'Indiana Jones' feel that seems lacking in modern adventure games.  Throughout, I felt immersed in the environments and gameplay.  It's a fun experience overall and there are many moments that will make you feel like a true adventurer!The story is quite predictable but that's something you want from a game like this, in a way.  Knowing what's about to happen not only allows one to focus more on the gameplay but it adds to the movie-like feel presented through the game.  Everything presented has a real feel for the most part.  A game like this can't afford to dip out of that realistic feel for very long because in the moments it did, it sometimes felt more like a saturday-morning cartoon more than an adventure movie.Deadfall's shooting mechanics work well and the nuance of using the flashlight to make certain enemies vulnerable adds tension to fights that might feel tame otherwise.  Most of the time, one will duel wield pistols but while using the flashlight, one is restricted to a single handgun.  This allows for two very different styles of fighting which I greatly enjoyed.The puzzles can be a bit of a mixed bag.  There is a fine line between challenging and unreasonable.  While most puzzles are are doable with a little time, there are a few that may stymy the player because the solution is unobvious and the hints provided are too vague.  It was helpful for me to use an online walkthrough for the more frustrating moments.  That said, I applaud the inclusion of puzzles like these because they can be the difference between a true adventure game and a generic shooter.Environments in Deadfall Adventures are visceral and diverse.  The level in the jungle is a real stand out as the path winds through and each set piece is presented.An unfortunate issue for this game is the frequency of small bugs.  Sometimes, events won't trigger properly.  A few times, I had to reload previous checkpoints because of issues such as this.Overall, Deadfall Adventures gets my tentative reccomendation.  It's an enjoyable game with a unique experience.   The only caveats being the bugs and the possible necessity of using a walthrough.  If you're looking for a fun adventure game with challenging puzzles and immersive gameplay though, this is definitely something worth your time."
76561198052187498,Recommended,231330,17392286,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,rubberduckyofdeath,"I enjoyed the game, it was refreshing as a different FPS....ok anything other then COD is basically refreshing, but hell I got it cheap and had fun.  Only downside that I can tell right now is that there are absolutely no dedicated servers for the online side of things.   At least when ever I look...   Its cheesy and the voice acting can be cringe worthy, but hell I had enough fun to ignore it.  It is a bit glitchy at times too, but so far they have been more humorus then breaking the game.  IDK if its on sale and you are looking for a good chil FPS thats not modernshart combat then go for this title."
76561197974912593,Recommended,231330,17591557,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ReÑ¡ciÐe,"Fun game! Some glitchy spots in the tombs. If you like Indiana Jones type games, you will totally enjoy this!!"
,Recommended,231330,19392897,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,olly!,.
76561198054657252,Recommended,231330,19668065,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,kjmcconnel,"great game to get on sale if you can. otherwise graphic and storyling are meh... cheesy at most, puzzles are challenging to an extent. and things get alomst a little repetitive, otherwise enjoy!!"
76561198132298668,Recommended,231330,19720304,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"Deadfall Adventures is a story driven adventure shooter. It plays out in an Indiana Jones way and has a lot of puzzles. The story is actually from a book and is an interesting, easy to follow storyline.  Starting out in the beginning of the game I was skeptical about how the story was being introduced and felt a bit bored.. but as I got farther into it it got a lot better and I was quite relieved. The graphics aren't top-notch but do get the job done rather well and are quite easy to run on most computers. I personally thought that the music was pretty good, some battle scenes had music that fit in real well.The only bad things I would have to address are the charater body movements in the cinematics. Characters' body parts seamed to wobble slightly when they were speaking and moving around, almost as if their limbs were having spiratic spasms. It in fact was quite funny despite how I wanted to play the game for the story as well as the gameplay.. Also, textures seemed a bit off in some places here and there, but thats pretty much it.I enjoyed this game and I think you will too because it delivers fun gameplay mechanics along with an engagingly, humorous storyline."
,Not Recommended,231330,7673409,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,"It took me hardly four hours to beat the game on hard (puzzle and enemy wise),Levels are very linear and trophies are barely hidden which leads to zero replayability (i collected everything on my first playthrough without even trying to actually hunt them down),Awful voice acting, obvious story,uninspired enemies with a total of (as i remember) six enemies, too two of these are literally the same (im talking about the shield guys, also one of the enemies only appeared in the first level),when it first released it had a pricetag of 40€ on it,Multiplayer is based on ""Veterans crush new players"", in different words: you unlock the best guns/equippement pretty late while you start of with bad/mediocre guns/equippement,Oh and its also straight ripped of from cod when it comes to combat overall besides some traps on the map."
76561198069224857,Recommended,231330,19048047,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,organicpeach,"i got this game on sale and its a pretty decent adventure game. Decent visuals, good shooting and good puzzles. well worth a go."
76561198002639946,Recommended,231330,19229865,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Doug S - NJ,"Standard linear FPS... Time played = CompletedGraphics 8 of 10Gameplay 6 of 10  Controls seem clumsy... puzzles were ok, but either silly easy or just not intuitive.Combat 6 of 10 aiming was not fluidStory 7 of 10 it kept me interestedOver all 6 of 10... A acceptable game. Nothing flashy. Good sale game"
,Not Recommended,231330,18262604,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DrunkleStan,"Update: Was too kind in my last review. I wanted to like this game. It had a ton of potential. But it's clunky, repetitive, annoying, and at the point in the mayan ruins where you go sliding down...gave up after 10+ attempts...it's near impossible to complete. Seriously.. Run, gun, puzzle, run, gun...no thank you. Wish I could get a refund >.>Wish there was a neutral option for recommending a game :)I will try to be fair in this review....I've been paying this for ~6 hours now, and while the premise is really fun, like playing out an Indiana Jones adventure, the delivery can be really so so at times.  The graphics, effects, etc. are all great. Great job by the devs on that.  The story is also fun as I mentioned.  Gameplay is where things get mixed.  On one hand, it's a FPS.  On the other, a FPS adventure puzzle game.  Sometimes you can mix the two really well, and other times it falls a bit flat.  In this game so far, it falls a bit flat.  The formula seems to be the same.. expore a little, fight some enemies, annoying puzzle, fight some enemies, explore a bit, add infinum.I really wish there was a bit more variety and slightly more openness to tackling issues.  Puzzles in this game I get, you have to execute something a certain way for it to work.  Fine. But give some options, change it up a bit.  Flipping a dial and shooting a thing gets pretty old after a while.My other two gripes thus far are with the voice actor for the main character...really..really...flat.  He has a good voice, but 0 emotion.  Basically it sounds like a cocky♥♥♥♥♥♥reading from a script.  Meanwhile the other characters got into it.  Lastly, this feels more like a limited console game than anything in terms of moving around.  I should be able to climb a ladder for a better vantage point, or up a few rocks stacked like blocks. I shouldn't be limited to just running around the small field given.  While a game should always have an ending and a means to get there, and while you don't have to make it super interactive to the point where it'd be rediculous, the game just feels so limited in a world where exploring should be more encouraged and rewarded.Is it an enjoyable game? Sure. Is it a really great game? Meh..."
,Not Recommended,231330,18270479,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gage,Not very good at all.
76561198042784353,Recommended,231330,18043899,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Deckard,"This is a seriously fun game. It's not perfect and could have been more polished; there are some bugs and sometimes jumps in the story make you feel you must of missed a cut scene, but never-the-less a game that didn't get the attention it deserved. The voice acting is a bit hit and miss but it does grow on you as you play through the game. A pity the main character isn't more Indiana Jones and less Adam Sandler.The developers must have some great artists on their team as many of the areas look stunning and actually get better later in the game, amazing especially considering this would have been made on a fraction of the budget of a Call Of Duty game. It doesn't attempt to reinvent the wheel but the action plays well and it isn't that hard but it suits the flow of the game. The devs have keenly animated some classic 'Nazi gets shot' routines from war movies as well.You will have the Indiana Jones theme playing in your head over the top of the game music. If only someone could mod that in."
,Recommended,231330,18090376,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hans mid de Pir,"A really nice game that adresses that child in me, that dreamed to be Indiana Jones. Yeah it is a console port, a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ textures, but ive seen worse cough Rage cough. And it may be in first person and you may shoot guns, but it feels play more like a action adventure just in first person, the gunplay is sos loughable bad, the weapon sounds are as toyish like in Call of Doody, but the fights are more than just spread a magazine on an enemy. And i would say it's totally okay for this game, since it's doesn't claim to be a t1 shooter game, rather an exploration game."
76561197972134207,Not Recommended,231330,18076816,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,fallen,"I don't recommend it If you are going to use it on Linux, it's still beta (over a year in beta), and it doesn't seem like Nordic games is interested in ever finishing it...."
76561198147897950,Recommended,231330,18648135,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mauro,"Dead fall adventures is avery fun to play indiana jones style game filled with puzzles and shooting mummies,i recommend buying it on sale because of its mediocre storyline and bugs."
76561197970990331,Recommended,231330,15593214,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,fozerl,"The game is good, good level design. The enemy too easy."
76561198008462593,Recommended,231330,15484421,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,.v.,"The game have lot's of glitchs, but I can assure you, that it has a good story, good ridles, and it was fun. It's like a weaker version of Unchated in first person. If there's a second one for the missing 4 temples, I'll buy it, but on a campain from steam. Better then Duke shity Nukem forever I can tell you..."
,Recommended,231330,15386762,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Spongie,"Good old first person shooter adventure with puzzle elements. The game controls the pacing quite well, mixing action with puzzles and cutscenes. Stability on Linux is nice, a few bugs here and there and occational drop in frame rate, but nothing game breaking.I was pleasantly surprised by this game, small details like how you handle your inventory using your in game hands added a lot. The cutscenes are by far the worst part of the game, but fun and engaging gameplay more than makes up for it. If you're a fan of the whip wielding archeologist movie genre, this game will definately put a smile on your face with all of it's cliches: walls shooting darts, spiked floors, lowering ceiling etc. If you ever played any of the Rick Dangerous games you'll know all about this."
76561198068299130,Recommended,231330,15663464,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,OperatorJack,"I like this game. Imagine taking Indiana Jones and making it in to a game.. That's pretty much what this game is. It includes everything from mummies, nazis, to high paced mine cart battles. But, Pros/Cons:PROS:+Beautiful graphics. Every environment is stunning. Characters are wonderful.+Story is intriguing. There is nothing groundbreaking about it, but it keeps you entertained enough.+Lots of interesting puzzles/scripted events.+Controls are standard, nothing wrong here+Gameplay last long enough. I'm almost 4 hours in right now and have not finishd the game yet.CONS:-Voice acting. It's bad. But, if you can ignore that, then you're golden.Really my only problem with this game is the voice acting. If it were not for that, I would give it 10/10. As is, 8/10.Killed frozen mummy while fighting nazis in the artic in an ancient temple. Highly reccomended."
76561197978613774,Recommended,231330,15782043,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Gabeed,"If you dream of shooting Nazis and solving puzzles in an ancient temple, then you should get this game.  The story and voice acting are extremely lackluster, and I quickly became annoyed with fighting the ""mummy"" enemies which require you to shine a flashlight on 'em first a la Alan Wake, but the levels are decently-sized, beautiful, and give a sense of grandeur.  So while I winced at every cutscene and just about every other line of dialogue, it again came down to this: I was gunning down Nazis and solving ancient puzzles in a lost temple."
,Recommended,231330,21375561,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,maw,Nice story. GFX are nice. If its in special get it. :) Hope they do some more. There is potential.
,Recommended,231330,21239443,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DMStewart,"THis is great. Its almost a 100% Indiana Jones rip-off. So if you ever wanted an Indiana Jones FPS game, this is the closest youre going to get. Overall its a solid title. A little older now, but I recently bought it because I always wanted to play it. Glad I got it for $5. If Indy and Lara had a son, that son would mostly likely be different than the main character. But the main character is ok too. Some of the cutscene animations are pretty funny. One of them has a plane landing and the camera shows it from the rear. It literally looks like it just slams into the ground. On Crytek the physics wouldve made that bounce for a half-hour."
76561197999801552,Recommended,231330,29237557,Posted: 13 January,all,Lowrider,"Yes, it is a bit old but still the background graphics look nice. Nice mood and the music supports the whole atmosphere.Gametime is around 10h.The shooting mechanics are solid. The enemies are not the most clever guys... for example: if they have to reload they do that on the spot they are standing, which makes them very easy targets. Yet they managed to surprise and kill me a few times.Some of the puzzles i didn't get... but with a bit of randomly trying its easy to solve every puzzle.I really hope the developers make a sequel. They captured the story-style of Quatermain-/Jones very well."
76561197980720373,Recommended,231330,28395958,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Stefan,"A good entertaining game that is not as bad as some used to say. I bought it for 5 € and i'm not disappointed. A decent game. The sidekick girl is useless and sometimes it's frustrating that you cannot explore certain zones or climb certain objects.... But playing this game was fun. Hope for a deadfall Adv. 2 minus the ""corridor"" feeling."
76561198049598764,Recommended,231330,28898726,Posted: 1 January,all,Halrakaner,"Nice game, but there are certain situations were you want to hit a sandbag - at least i wanted to do it.4 Examples:1. There is a door. You go near it. It says, ""Maybe dynamit"". You search and find danymite. Back to the door. Place it. It explodes. You go to the door. It will not open.So.... what to do?! Exactly! Instead that the character says ""hm, seems like i need something else to open the door"", he just says nothing (at least in my case).So you have to guess what the developer might thought about that.The problem: I already had a bug in the beginning of the game (3 symbols in the ground, you had to step on them).Now, i m not sure if this is a bug too or not.Just let the character tell that he need something else.2. Same thing, different place. There is a vent you have to pull. But in order to do that you have to pull another one to get rid of the hot steam at the first one.You did that but when you want to pull the first one again, you get damage. No hint what to do - at least in my case.Again, i had a bug in the beginning. So this might be another bug - if the character would tell you that he would need something else again i would not thinking about a bug and try to restart again and again.3. You are in a jungle. There is a treasure that is just a meter away from you. But you cannot grab it - also the space between the two status is big enough for you.So you wander around to find the place to enter to get it. The problem, as long as you do not have ""dynamite"" on you, you will not get the hint / information ""Press [x] to place"".And this time the character does not say ""maybe dynamite"". So, you are left guessing again - at least i was.4. You have to find some gold coins to balance them against the skull weight. Okay, i can only find 2.Question to Quartermain: Why don´t you use stones instead of gold coins. It doesn´t matter if it is gold or stone. Weight is weight! ...Your NPC character friends are kind of weird sometimes.Sometimes they just do not follow when you leave the scripted speech scene - okay, why would i leave the scripted speech szene in the first place :DThen they suddenly appear again. But just a minor glitch.The game is great, nice graphics, nice story, nice handling. Some minor things that made me go crazy xDDon´t think too much about how they were able to build that stuff (and i do not mean the ruins ;) ), or why you have to put a dynamite in the hock of the crane, shoot at it, and only the part that was 5 meters away from the dynamite explode... simply just don´t think.But in order to ""enjoy"" the game, i recommend you to already open a walkthrought guide like the one available on steam.Its just frustrating if in certain moments the game does not give you hints and therefore you think its a bug in the game.Nevertheless, get it if you can!"
,Recommended,231330,28927808,Posted: 1 January,all,Shashingaling,"I highly recomend this game. Its a great adventure that gets the adrenaline going and it has some very hard elaborate puzzles. If you like Indiana Jones, Tomb Raider or Uncharted, you will like this!"
76561197982572640,Recommended,231330,29133284,Posted: 8 January,all,franc,game was great to playtoo many puzzles for me
76561198074243272,Recommended,231330,29418307,Posted: 22 January,all,Overcast,"Nice game, CO-OP is fun & single player is alright !!!!"
76561197987049804,Recommended,231330,31943958,Posted: 24 May,all,radkins01,"First, the good: A very good FPS game, good storyline, great graphics, fun to play.The bad: Not really bad, but could have been developed better IMO: The ""puzzles"" you have to solve to advance to the next level. Most of the time they are not easy to figure out at all, and the in-game hints are just not that helpful. Most of the time I was playing ""trial and error"" on the puzzles, and many times I had no idea how I had ""solved"" the puzzle.Overall, a great game but somewhat aggravating to play. I think the developers should have made the game more intuitive for the player. But, I did enjoy it and I did finish the game -- it just took a lot of effort to do so.Still, I'd easily recommend this game."
76561198095849838,Recommended,231330,35233581,Posted: 26 September,all,PILA,good game
